Alyssa, Elizabeth and Michelle were three sisters from the oldest to the youngest, who had been chatting and drinking at a bar. The beers went by and the conversation was so interesting that they hadn't remembered to go to the bathroom, but finally they realised that their bladders were dangerously full. The first to notice it was the middle one.
Elizabeth: "Girls, I'll be back in a minute, I need to use the toilet."
Michelle: "Wait, I'll go with you, I need it too."
Alyssa: "Hey, don't leave me here alone, you aren't the only ones that have several beers inside!"
Elizabeth: "Ok, but I called it first, so one of you'll have to wait here to watch our stuff while the other one comes with me."
Alyssa: "Michelle, you wait, I don't think I can hold it much longer."
Michelle: "No way, I can't hold it either."
Elizabeth: "Ok, choose now or I'll go alone."
Alyssa: "NO! Let's do this– wait until we pay for our drinks and we'll all go before leaving, ok?"
Elizabeth: "Ok, but let's find a waitress quick!!"
They all looked for the waitress while Elizabeth put a hand under the table and pressed two fingers against her panties under her mini–skirt, while Michelle kept her legs together, feeling the jeans against her thighs. Alyssa stomps with her feet on the floor.
Finally they find their waitress and pay the bill. Then they get up trying to hide their predicament and walk fast to the bathroom... only to find a queue of about twenty women in different stages of desperation waiting in line.
Elizabeth: "Oh, no, this will take forever, I don't know if I could hold it that long..."
Michelle: "Me neither, but we have no choice, we have to hold it."
Alyssa: "And when we get there... who goes first?"
Elizabeth: "Me, because I said it first"
Michelle: "No! You can hold longer than me"
Elizabeth: "What makes you think that?"
Michelle (whispering to be heard only by her sisters): "Because you have never peed yourself as a grown up, but I–"
They all remembered. Her sisters weren't there, but she had told them about the time when she was going to the dentist and she had forgot to go to the bathroom after finishing her class, and how some blocks away from her destination she was feeling that she wasn't going to make it, until a couple of blocks before arriving she actually couldn't hold it any longer and froze. She stood still, half bent and leaning against the wall, while her last defense was defeated and a cascade of pee started to fall under her skirt running down her legs to the floor and pooling under her feet, from where it flowed in a couple of rivers to the street. They even remembered her humiliation when a woman approached her and asked if she was ok, until she realized what was happening and just kept on walking.
Alyssa (also whispering): "Well, in that case Eli should go last, because I also..."
Yes, she also had wet herself when she was younger, that time even with her sisters there. They were in a bus returning from a trip, it was a hot day, she had drunk a lot of water and the last time she hasn't used the toilet for several hours. She was travelling standing, holding to the seat in front of her with one hand and her older sister Molly's hand with the other. She was desperate and unable to grab her crotch or cross her legs without falling from the movement of the bus, and she was whispering to her sister "I'll pee my pants, I'll pee my pants" until she lost the battle and actually peed into her panties and jogging pants. The pee ran to the floor beneath her, leaving a very visible trail, pooling beneath her and flowing up and down the bus's floor following its movements.
They all three remembered those accidents, but those weren't the thoughts they needed right that minute...
Elizabeth: "Girls, stop making me think about that, or I'll lose it right here!!... Besides, even if I can hold it longer than you, how can you know that I haven't drunk more beers and I'm more desperate?"
Michelle: "It doesn't matter, this is insane, the line isn't moving and since we've arrived only one person went inside, at this rate we won't make it! What can we do?"
Elizabeth: "I've no idea, but think of something quick, I don't want to pee myself in front of all these people!"
Alyssa: "And what about going home? It's just 10 blocks away, do you think you can hold it?"
Michelle: "I don't know, but we have no choice, let's do it."
Elizabeth: "Ok, lets go."
So they left the bar and headed to their home, walking along the almost empty streets. They all were walking uncomfortably, trying to hurry as fast as they were able to, it's hard to walk and grab between your legs to hold your pee at the same time. They were half way home when they got to the avenue and the signal stops them.
Michelle (dancing in her place trying to hold): "And, when we get home, who gets to use the bathroom first? I feel that I'll pee my pants any minute, I don't think I can wait for you two to finish."
Alyssa: "Don't worry, if it's necessary, while one is in the toilet, another goes in the tub and the third one in the sink."
Elizabeth: "Whatever– but let those lights change quickly, pleaseeee..."
Finally they cross the avenue and a desperate Michelle starts to run and disappears on the other side of the avenue. Her two sisters are crossing fast also, but trying not to make a show in front of the drivers waiting for the light. When they left the avenue behind Alyssa grabbed herself again between her legs, as Elizabeth hastens her steps to find her other sister, whom she reaches a couple of blocks ahead.
Michelle tried to run the remaining five blocks but she couldn't make it even to the halfway point before feeling a spurt of pee leaking in her panties. She had to stop and press her leg together, trying with all her inner muscle strength to hold the rest of the urine inside. Once she felt she could hold it she again starts to walk, but this time taking small steps, crossing her legs one in front of the other. "This way I will never get home in time," she thinks, and tries to take longer steps, but when she softens the pressure a little another spurt of pee escapes her bladder and saturates her panties even more. Her mind is running: "Oh, I'm losing it, what can I do?" Then she looks around and realises that she's almost alone in the street, with just a couple heading her way, but across the street. So she walks beside a parked car to block their view and begins to fight with the buttons of her jeans, while feeling another spurt of pee escaping, and another one...
When Elizabeth finds Michelle she sees her half bend, with her back turned toward her and trying to unbutton her jeans. Then she sees the dark spot extending down from her sister's crotch, half over her right cheek and a few inches down her leg.
Elizabeth: "Michelle, have you peed yourself?"
Michelle (fighting with her pants): "Oh, Eli, I've peed a little already... I'm desperate... have to hold it– and these fucking jeans..."
Elizabeth: "But you can't... in the street... in public..."
Michelle: "I DON'T CARE!! I am PEEING MYSELF, do you get it?!... Ah, there they go, finally!"
With one quick movement Michelle pulls her pants down and squats. But something goes wrong, when she grabs her pants she can't get a good grip on her panties, so they go down just a little, leaving half her butt out but staying still in place between her legs. But it's too late for lamentations. When her pants reach her feet a jet of pee rushes out through her saturated panties, barely giving her time to squat and avoid some of it splashing inside her jeans. Once in squatting position she kept peeing with a firm stream that fell between her feet, splashing her shoes and the bottom of her jeans, while she heard her sister speak.
Elizabeth: "Michelle, your panties! You're peeing your panties!!"
Michelle (seeing the couple across the street looking at her while they pass by): "Can you keep your voice down? I don't care about the panties, they were already soaked, most important is that all THAT –pointing at the puddle at her feet– hasn't ended up in my clothes!"
Meanwhile Alyssa arrives, one hand still between her legs and an expression of desperation in her face, and sees the bizarre scene. Michelle squatting and peeing in the street with her panties still on, and Elizabeth looking at her sister while holding her crotch from behind under her skirt with her legs crossed. She also notices a telltale shinning in the inner side of Elizabeth's left thigh, coming from beneath her skirt (and the border seems darker than the rest of it).
Alyssa: "Girls, what's happening here?"
Michelle (turning her head to look at her sister): "Aly, I couldn't hold it, I started to pee myself, I had no choice!"
Alyssa: "but... peeing in public? I couldn't do it..."
Michelle: "Then you better hold longer than me!"
Elizabeth (listening to the sound of her sister's pee): "Michelle, stop talking and hurry up, it's killing me!! I'll pee myself any minute.... oohhh..."
Being distracted talking to Michelle, she doesn't feel it until it's too late, and a long spurt of pee escapes her before she can cut it and, passing through her thong, too small to contain anything, a rivulet of wetness runs down her thigh to her knee.
Elizabeth: "OH, NOO!!! I'M LOSING IT!!! See you home!!" and started running to her house.
Alyssa: "WAIT, ELI!!" and starts running too behind her sister, still holding her crotch with one hand.
Michelle: "GIRLS, WAIT FOR MEEE!!" she cuts the remains of the stream, pulls her jeans up and runs to catch her two sisters.
Elizabeth crosses the street running and goes through the park that's between her and her home (and her bathroom!). But with every step she takes she feels more spurts of pee coming out, running down her legs that start to tremble. She leans against a tree, her legs crossed and trying to stop the flow, while listening as her two sisters come running. Her efforts to cut the flow are in vain; there is nothing she can do to avoid more pee escaping her control, but she doesn't want to just squat and expose herself to some pervert that might be around. Then she realizes that she doesn't have to, she is wearing a mini–skirt, and her thong is already wet, so she leans her back against the tree, spread her legs a little, and stops fighting. In a second the spurts become a stream that falls from between her legs and splashes at her feet. She looks down and sees the puddle forming below her and running down the tree's roots. She also feels some rivulets of pee flowing down the back of her legs and wetting her sandals, and she congratulates herself: the mini–skirt doesn't show any signs of her accident (not at least in the front). Then she listens to Alyssa's voice.
Alyssa: "Eli, you too! And you're also peeing through your panties!! Ah, I can't see you; but it's torture... I feel like I'll pee my pants any second!"
In fact it was a little too late, the hand that was covering her crotch had been feeling wetness under her fingers for a while now, but she was still managing to keep most of her pee inside.
Elizabeth: "Aly, you can do like Michele and squat, there is no one around."
Michelle (just arriving, while looks at the stream running from between Elizabeth's legs): "Yes Aly, do it like me, pull down your pants– and your panties," she adds laughing, "and squat, it's simple."
Alyssa: "Oh, Michelle, I can't do it in public!!" and noticing her sister's wet jeans "And you peed your pants also? Uh, I can't move or I'll pee myself too!!...
Elizabeth: "Yes, I wasn't gonna make it home... and I think you won't make it either.... if you don't want to squat... Why don't you pee your pants right now and stop suffering? Don't you dare?"
Has she listened right? Has Elizabeth just told her to pee her pants?? It couldn't be true... did she knew about her fetish?? Since that time she peed herself in the bus and felt that mix of humiliation and excitement she had played with the idea, peeing through her panties before getting in the shower, and a couple of times even doing it in her shorts or pants when she was alone, playing to hold it as long as she could, but never in front of others and least of all in public!! Could Elizabeth have discovered her peed clothes? No, it couldn't be, she was only teasing her. Even then... it was very possible that she wasn't going to be able to make it home in time– but she can't expose her feelings. Besides, she's curious about how much longer she can hold it.
Alyssa: "NO, ELI!! What are you saying? I can't– I have to make it..." and started to take small steps.
Elizabeth (finishing peeing): "No, you won't make it... besides, it's not fair that you're the only one that hasn't peed herself, we won't let you, will we Michelle? Ppppsssssss..." she made the sound of peeing with her mouth.
Michelle: "Hahaha... you're bad, Eli, did you know? Okay– sssshhhhhhh...."
Alyssa (stopping to struggle): "NO, GIRLS, DON'T DO THAT OR I'LL PEE MYSELF, I CAN HOLD IT, I'll DO IT!!"
Elizabeth: "YEEES, YOU'LL PEE YOUR PAAANTS! hahahaha...PPPSSSSSSSS..."
Michelle: "PPPPSSSSSSHHHH... hahahaha... PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHH..."
Elizabeth: "PPPPPSSSSSSSSSSSS...."
Alyssa: "NOO, OH, NOOOO!!!.... STOP! I'M LOSING IT!!!... I'M PEEING IN MY JEANS!!!!... AAAAAAHHHHHH!"
Pee started to flow out of Alyssa, who stopped fighting and began to enjoy the relief and something else... The liquid flowed between her crossed legs, making a wet spot in the front of her crotch under her hand, falling from her ass down her legs, and turning around one of her bent legs to look at her sisters, who were staring with their eyes wide open at her stream that barely made any sound at all when falling to the grass. Meanwhile, out of sight of her sisters, Alyssa's fingers, still holding her crotch, starts to rub it hard, back and forth, back and forth, getting soaked with the pee that kept flowing from her pussy.
Alyssa: "Aaaaahhhhhh!!... Aaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!.... MMMMMMMMHHHH!!!!
Her sisters watch Alyssa close her eyes, bite her lips and tremble while still holding her crotch, with pee running through her fingers. They think that it's the relief of finally releasing the pressure of her bladder, but Alyssa's trembling is caused by a powerful orgasm that runs up and down her body and makes her fall to her hands and knees, her head hanging, still peeing in that position, with the wetness spreading down both her legs and pooling at her knees.
Michelle looks at her sister and feels guilty for what they've done to her. But she stays in her place with her legs together, because the laughs, the noises they made with Elizabeth, and the rubbing of her wet panties and jeans against her crotch, had caused her bladder to release the rest of what had been cut before, and she's feeling embarrassed and doesn't want her sisters to see how much the wetness in her jeans had just grown.
Elizabeth really doesn't feel bad. Not knowing why, she feels almost as if she had done her sister a favour (maybe because this way she's not suffering anymore? But no, there is something else.), so she approaches Alyssa, who still has her head hanging and is breathing heavily, and helps her stand up. Then she goes to Michelle, who is checking her pants (that somehow seem more wet than before), and grabbing both by their waists, walks them home. While they walk, an idea crosses her mind and she smiles: if someone could see them, he'll see two girls who had wet their pants being led by another that could hold it (she haven't seen yet the wetness in the back of her mini–skirt). Surely, if someone ended up winning it was she!
By: Gus74