'Oh fucking GOD it's too fucking HOT today,' thought Summer as she walked down the street with her friend.
"Yeah it is," her friend Mandy replied. Summer's brain stopped for a second before she realized that she was thinking out loud.
"So what are we going to do?" Summer asked, her long blonde hair falling almost seductively over her face, sweat dripping from her shoulders down under her tank top, making her 36 Cs glisten under the hot sun. The only thing on her that wasn't sweaty was her toned, tan legs, which looked especially sexy in her short pink & white striped satin basketball shorts. For being 25 she definitely looked like she could still be in high school and yet would get any guy's testosterone pumping. She secretly enjoyed watching bumps form in their pants when she walked by.
Mandy just shrugged at Summer, which made her spaghetti strap fall down her shoulder and she had to place it back up. Mandy loved to dress slutty, wearing her tight pink cami top and no bra, showing off all the skin she could. Her low rider blue jeans left her tiny baby blue g–string saying hi to the world. Mandy is the type of girl that if you're looking at her ass she'll stare daggers at you, but walk up to her and grab her crotch and it will become soaking wet and she'll take you there in front of whomever. Mandy really hates that part about herself and her threatening glance is her only defense.
"Swimming?" Summer suggested. Mandy just shook her head, knowing the pools would be packed, though she'd love to show off her body in a 2 piece. They stopped walking and looked across the street, noticing the movie theatre. They looked at each other and smiled, knowing that there would be air conditioning in there, and with the way they were dressed– possibly some action in a dark corner. So they crossed the street and entered the building, overwhelmed with the relief of the cool air brushing against their sweaty bodies. Summer immediately felt a draft go right up her shorts and air off her sweaty cunt. She loved that feeling and so that is why she rarely wore panties in the summertime. Mandy reached into her purse and pulled out some strawberry lip gloss to put on her lips as Summer did the same, except that she used cherry.
Mandy nudged Summer and commented, "The guy selling the tickets is kinda cute."
Summer made a face and laughed lightly, "Will you fuck anybody?" Mandy's face got sad and Summer rubbed her back slightly, "Hey, I was kidding!"
Mandy sighed, "I know." They bought their tickets and decided to sit in the back...they didn't really care about the movie too much, they just cared about sitting in air conditioning and possibly getting hooked up. But as the movie neared the starting time, only a few more people had come in– mostly girls with a few guys, but they were either too old or not attractive at all.
Summer leaned over and whispered to Mandy, "Damn, this sucks...I got myself horny thinking of fucking in here."
Mandy laughed and whispered back, "So finger fuck yourself, nobody will be watching." Summer thought on the idea up until the movie started and was about to start going to town, but the intro of the movie caught her attention and she suddenly forgot all about being horny.
Mandy was horny for sure and seemed to be semi interested in the movie, but still had her hand under her panties, rubbing gently, softly moaning from time to time. Summer heard the moans, but was too fixated on the movie to really care. After awhile the moans stopped and Summer glanced over and noticed Mandy watching the movie, too.
"Good movie, isn't it?" Summer whispered.
Mandy laughed, "Good enough for me to stop masturbating." There was a few moments pause before Mandy whispered to her, "God I REALLY have to pee."
Summer whispered back, "Yeah, so do I. I think if I sit up my bladder will explode."
"But the movie is too good, I don't want to miss any of it!" Summer noticed Mandy squeezing her legs together as Mandy just rested her hand over her crotch. Summer reached a hand down and started rubbing the seat and smiled in the dark and giggled.
"What's so funny about needing to pee?" Mandy asked.
"Because," Summer said, almost taunting, "I'm wearing no panties and my shorts are short enough to pull aside and pee into the seat."
"You wouldn't. I know you, there's no way you would."
Summer smirked for Mandy to see.
"In fact," Mandy said, "if you do, I'll piss my pants." And right after Mandy said that, Summer reached down and pulled her short shorts aside, revealing her smoothly shaven cunt. A few seconds later Mandy heard a hissing sound and saw a gleam.
"No way!" Mandy said. She in fact, was in such disbelief that she shot her hand down into the stream and pulled it back up to her nose, smelt her friend's pee. "Oh my God! You're such a naughty girl!"
Summer giggled and agreed and Mandy noticed she was blushing. "What are you blushing for?" Mandy asked.
"This...feels...soooo fucking good," Summer admitted. Mandy felt splashes on her feet and realized that Summer had peed enough to fill up the seat cushion and it was now overflowing and splashing on the ground. "The whole seat is filled with my pee and my ass is all warm and smooshy. And the feeling of it against my cunny hole is FANTASTIC!"
"Yeah, nice try," Mandy retorted, but soon realized Summer was serious when she saw how fast her hand was rubbing circles into her pussy and Summer was moaning as softly as she could.
"Mmmmm....find...out for...yourself," Summer moaned. "We...had ammmmmm...dare."
Mandy realized Summer was right and she wasn't one to go back on a dare. Mandy grabbed Summers hand and put it inside her thigh, but before she started Summer and Mandy looked at each other and blushed. They had touched each other before, but never thought anything sexual of it. As they looked at each other red faced Summer squeezed Mandy's thigh and Mandy lunged across the seat to lock lips with her friend. Summer quickly put her hands down Mandy's jeans and started to vigorously rub her cunny hole.
"Do it, Mandy," Summer said softly. "Trust me, it is sooooo good." Summer kept rubbing and in a few seconds she felt a warm liquid start to gush out on her hand. Mandy moaned at the relief as the warm piss flooded her g–string quickly and pooled around her ass, making the thighs of her jeans wet and shiny. Summer rubbed her hand soaked with Mandy's warm piss right up into Mandy's fuck hole.
"Oh shit," Mandy said. "I gotta walk home in..." Summer put her pissy wet finger up to Mandy's lips to silence her and, probably reaction, Mandy took Summer's finger into her mouth. Summer's eyes became wide as Mandy just smirked and sucked on Summer's finger. Summer pushed Mandy away and looked at her.
"W...wait," Summer said. "We can't do this."
Mandy sighed, "You're right...our friendship won't be the same...but I'm so fucking horny. You were right, this feels awesome." Mandy pulled her jeans down and propped her legs on the seat in front of her, the aroma of her wet pussy flying back to both Mandy and Summer. Summer gazed at Mandy's juicy cunt and smiled.
"Fuck it," was all Summer said before she was on her knees and had her head between Mandy's legs. Summer dug her tongue right in and ate Mandy hard. Mandy wasn't able to object at all, she had to bite down on her lip hard enough to make it bleed to keep from moaning. Summer pulled her head back out.
"Holy hell!" Summer said. "Sweetie...you....you taste so good! I don't taste this good!"
"Thank..." Mandy couldn't finish that sentence as her friend shoved her tongue right back inside her fuck hole and continued to eat her out.
"Oh my...Oh my god, Su...Summer....ohhhhhh god Summer stop! I'm goin...I'm going to c..c.....I'm cummmmmmmmmmmmmmming!" Mandy moaned it as softly as she could and closed her eyes so she couldn't see if any heads turned. Summer then straddled Mandy's hips and once again pulled her shorts aside so her pussy could hang out.
Mandy looked up at Summer worried. "Oh my God, we...we're best friends! You just made me cum! You ATE my pussy!" Summer kissed Mandy on the lips without a kiss back.
"We're still friends," Summer reassured. "And this won't happen again, but for the love of GOD make me cum." Mandy slowly reached her hand down to her friend's aching pussy that was resting on her leg.
"But..." Mandy started to object and saw the look in Summer's eyes...Summer was so horny she couldn't control herself. Mandy realized that she just felt that way right up until she was about to cum and started to realize what she was doing. She plunged her fingers into Summer's wanting pussy, hoping that the friendship wouldn't be hurt. Summer moaned softly and tossed her head back, her hair draping over the seat behind her. Summer locked her legs around Mandy and grabbed the other chair.
"Summer, I'm not a guy..." Mandy said.
"Vi...brator...in my purse..." Summer moaned. Mandy quickly went through Summer's purse and pulled out a small pink vibrator, about 4 or 5 inches long. Mandy switched it on and ran it along Summer's pussy lips, making her moan softly. Mandy then shoved the vibrator into Summer and twisted it hard. Summer's knees gave out and her feet fell to the ground. She was able to quickly pick them up and lock them around Mandy again as Mandy continued to fuck her hard with the vibrator.
"God so good," Summer moaned. "Soooo close." Mandy looked around as her vibrator dug around Summer's pussy and noticed that they were now the center of attention for half the movie theater. This caused her to blush, but she continued to ram Summer's pussy with the small vibrator. Summer couldn't help but let out a huge moan as her knees started to shake.
"Ohhhh Goddddddddddd," Summer moaned, squirting cum out of her pussy onto Mandy's hands and tummy. After Summer was done Mandy pulled out the vibrator and put it up to Summer's lips. Summer took it into her mouth and sucked it off and sat up in Mandy's lap.
Mandy leaned in close to Summer and whispered, "They're watching us." Summer shrugged and sat back down in her soaking wet seat as Mandy pulled up her pissy wet jeans.
"Summer...." Mandy started.
"God you were so worried," Summer giggled, then turned to her friend. "You think you're the first girl I've been with?" She reached over and hugged Mandy and patted her back, then grabbed her by the shoulders and looked at her, smiling. "I'm not going anywhere, we're still best friends."
"But..." Mandy said, "...I...um..."
Summer smirked and got up, grabbing Mandy's hand. Summer turned to everyone watching and bowed slightly as she lead Mandy out of the showing room and they stopped outside of the bathroom door.
Summer leaned in close to Mandy's ear and whispered seductively, "You want more?" Summer held open the bathroom door and Mandy just smiled as she walked in. Summer followed her in, making sure to lock the door behind her.
By: Amoeba