Title: The Dream Team in London

By: Paul Tester

Nobody ever discovered quite how it happened. Maybe it was someone who wanted to insult the British, maybe someone from the mid-west wanted to make Florida look stupid, maybe it was just a human error, or it really could have been a computer malfunction that was the culprit. Whatever the cause, the result was there in hard print, pinned on the Dream Team notice board. Beth, Cindy, and Tammy, had been selected to join the State Marching Band which was to perform in the New Year Parade in London, England. To the envy and amazement of the rest of the Dream Team, these three had to attend a 5 day training session in early December, then fly to England after Christmas for a 5 day visit, including taking part in the Lord Mayor's New Year Day Parade through the city streets.

All of the team agreed on one thing; there was not to be any suspicion of wet panties on the actual parade. Tammy maintained that if they didn't take the opportunity of wetting during in such an important event, then they were not worthy of being members of the Dream Team.

"This is the big time," she reminded them, "An international wet, on the streets of London, peeing in your panties on CNN. This sort of chance only comes once in a life-time, and I am not going to miss it."

The remainder of the team took the opposite view, saying that the parade required impeccable behaviour and perfectly synchronised displays, and for once, wetting should be forgotten. They also pointed out that the costumes for the parade, pale blue leotard, white tights (it was going to be cold in London) and short, darker blue skirt, could have been designed to show the smallest leak of pee. Tammy was given an ultimatum; promise to keep her panties dry, or be taken off the team list because of 'injury'.

Tammy had not choice but to agree, but this only applied to the actual Parade. There was still the rest of the time in England, including New Year's Eve, which Tammy planned they spend in Trafalgar Square.

"It's like Times Square in New York, where everyone goes to see in the New Year. It's not far from where we are staying, so we must go. Even the British relax their liquor laws on New Year. I'm going to act the dumb American blonde who has drunk too much beer and does not know that in England 'restrooms' are called 'public conveniences.' I'll make a tremendous show of jigging about, asking everybody where the 'powder room' is, talk in my best 'Southern Belle' accent, and then flood my jeans when nobody can understand what I am saying." Beth and Cindy had also brought tight faded jeans, ideal for wetting in, and were determined to see how the British men reacted to a girl peeing in her jeans. Even Tammy had to admit that if they made a real exhibition of their wetting, it would be a reasonable substitute for a minor leak on the parade.

Unfortunately, the team coach had other ideas, and did not want the girls wandering about London, getting drunk, and being tired and hung-over for the parade. She set a nine o'clock curfew, and any girl not making the role call then would miss the parade. The girls celebrated New Year with soft drinks and coffee, and were sent to bed soon after midnight. Tammy was so furious at their New Year plan had been frustrated that she decided to ignore the no wetting rule on the parade. She knew that if she simply did a deliberate wet, she would be in real trouble, so she was going to have to make it look like an accident. 

She would, she decided, drink lots of coffee and juice at breakfast, and during the morning, and then 'forget' to use the bathroom before their coach left for the parade assembly point. They had already been warned that there were no bathrooms at the assembly point, so her bladder would be so full that she would have no option but to wet her panties before the end of the parade. Even if her nerve failed her in front of the crowd, she would not have any choice when her bladder burst.

Next morning Tammy just drank every drop of liquid she could get. Two glasses of juice and three mugs of coffee at breakfast, and then a six pack of Diet Coke before meeting the other girls for a last coffee and to get changed.

It was a bitterly cold day, and the girl were wearing their blue track-suits over their costumes to keep warm. At the assembly point their organisers told them that as it was so cold, they would wear a close fitting long sleeved top, and keep their track suit trousers over their normal costumes. All of the bands who normally marched in skirts were doing this. This change was welcomed by all the girls except Tammy, who realised to her horror that there was no chance of a discrete wet if she was wearing these trousers. She was already beginning to feel the need for another pee, having drunk bottle of mineral water on the coach.

Once they had started on the parade, Tammy had to concentrate on keeping in step, and performing their new routines at intervals along the route. However, no matter how much she concentrated on this, she could not ignore the heavy full feeling that was building up in her bladder. Whenever they stopped, she took the chance to squeeze her thighs tightly together, attempting to drive away the increasing need to pee. She told herself that she had to think about absolutely anything except peeing, but this was becoming more difficult every minute. Her bladder was beginning to ache, and every jump or skip she had to make was hurting her.

This, she knew was a bad sign, indicating that desperation point was not far away. Tammy might have wet her pants frequently, but this had always been deliberate, and did not signify that she had a weak or small bladder. In fact, she had a normal, healthy young bladder, capable of stretching to a considerable extent. Tammy had consumed a vast quantity of liquid that morning, probably far more than her bladder was capable of holding, even when stretched to its maximum. The aching discomfort that she had felt so far was her bladder telling her that it was having to expand beyond a comfortable size to accommodate the volume of liquid she needed to expel.

The strain that Tammy was feeling began to show on her face. Cindy, marching near to her, noticed her anxious, distracted, look. Coupled with the tense way she was marching and jumping, it could only mean one thing. She caught Tammy's eye; "Are you OK ?" she asked.

"Fine, just fine," replied Tammy, shuddering a little as she tensed her body against a sudden urgent need from her bladder. "Except that I need to go to the bathroom real bad," she added.

"It must be the cold weather," replied Cindy, who had a mild urge to pee, but nothing she could not control until they were back in their hotel. Tammy, she knew, had as good or better capacity than her, so she had to be exaggerating.

Tammy most certainly was not exaggerating, she needed that bathroom real, real bad. Her bladder was throbbingly full, really hurting when she jolted it during a routine, and, most worrying of all, the need to pee was becoming urgent. It was no longer an ache that could be ignored, it was real urgent pressure that had to be controlled by clenching her bladder muscles tightly shut. Standing with her legs apart right after some vigorous high kick and jumps was just about the worst thing for making her desperate for a pee. She wondered how much longer the parade would take.

The procession was only moving slowly, and she could not see the head of the column. It was going to be quite a time before she reached the end, and she was not at all sure she would be able to wait that long. She looked at her watch; it was only 20 minutes since they had started, and she thought the parade was supposed to take an hour. 'God!' she thought, 'Another 40 minutes! I am going to be absolutely frantic for a pee by then, so bad I'll hardly be able to walk, let alone do high kicks and jumps.'

Ten minutes later, Tammy's bladder had expanded just about as much as it could, yet her body still had nearly a litre of liquid to dispose of. The pressure in her bladder began to rise rapidly, as it had to make room for the steady inflow of pee. There were only two options to cope with this, either Tammy's abdomen had to swell to make room for her bladder to expand even more, or she could let the extra pee would flow out of the normal outlet, reducing the pressure to a bearable level. Obviously Tammy was in no position to be able to release any pee, so she had to keep her sphincter clenched tightly shut and hope she her bladder would somehow manage to cope with the extra liquid.

Tammy had been prepared, and able, to withstand the aching need to pee, but the desperate, urgent, demands that her bladder was making were a different matter. She was having to really clench her muscles to keep control; it was difficult enough to do this when walking, and the next session of skips, kicks, and jumps were nearly unbearable. As she finished this routine, she had to press her hand hard between her legs as she felt she was losing control and about to wet her panties. Of course, she let go as soon as she was in control again, hoping that no one had noticed what she was doing. The immediate crisis was over, but she still had twenty minutes parade left to survive, and she knew that every session of jumps from now on were going to put more and more strain on her bladder.

Standing 'at ease' was almost too much to bear, and marching in step just as bad. She had to keep taking little skips and sideways hops, which allowed her to press her legs together and get that little extra tension that she needed to control her bladder. She no longer cared what the girls marching with her thought of this, she had to do it, or start wetting herself. Worse, even walking like this was not really enough, and as she felt herself approaching the brink, she had to hold between her legs again. She moved her hand about, trying to make it look as if she was adjusting her tights and not as if she was frantic to pee.

Cindy, who was marching behind and on the right of Tammy, could not avoid seeing what she was doing, but she thought she was putting on a show, playing the desperate little girl, never realising that Tammy was really on the brink of wetting herself. As they stopped and turned towards the spectators lining the pavements, she knocked Tammy's elbow to get her attention. "What are you doing?" As Tammy had her hand pressed hard between her legs, it should have been obvious what she was doing, or rather, what she was trying not to do.

"Cindy, I want to go so bad I don't know what to do. I can't hold it much longer, I don't think I'm going to be able to last to the end."

Cindy, of course, had no idea how much Tammy had been drinking that morning, so could not understand why she should need to pee any more than she did, a mild urge that was easily ignored. She still thought that Tammy was play-acting because she was annoyed at not being allowed to do a normal Dream Team wet.

"For goodness sake, Tammy, behave yourself," she snapped, "Everyone's staring at you, and there's a TV camera pointing our way as well. This is the most important part of the Parade along here."

This time they had a long and complicated routine to perform, involving any number of high kicks, jumps, leg scissors, and, worst of all, a couple of landings in the splits. The second of these was the last straw for Tammy, and, despite gritting her teeth with the effort of controlling her bladder, she thought she felt a little dribble of pee escape. As soon as they were standing again, she had to hold between her legs, and the warm dampness she felt there told her that it had been a bigger leak than she had thought. 

She held herself as long as she dared, hoping that she could regain control of her bladder, but almost at once they had to walk on, swinging their pom-poms as they went. Three or four steps, even trying to cross her legs as she walked, were too much for Tammy, and she felt another, much longer spurt of pee escape into her panties. Her previous leak had been confined to her panties and tights, with only a small wet spot showing on her track-suit trousers, but this one gushed through her tights and soaked her trousers, making a very obvious dark patch between her legs.

Now she had lost control of her bladder, and a few seconds later she let another big spurt go, and the dark, wet, patch doubled in size. Then the flood-gates opened, and there was nothing Tammy could do any more to hold back her pee. The contents of her distended bladder gushed uncontrollably into her panties and even through the fabric of her blue trousers, running down her legs and saturating up the front and back. 

Nobody could possibly avoid seeing what was happening to her, as she had almost stopped walking as her bladder had finally burst. In the middle of the most crowded part of the parade route, and on TV as well, Tammy completely and utterly wet herself, as her bladder, stretched to its limit, blasted out nearly two pints of pee into her panties. No Dream Team girl had ever produced a better performance, either in the volume or pressure of pee expelled or in numbers of spectators. Automatically, the TV camera-man zoomed in on this blonde cheer-leader who was wetting her pants in public, and while these shots were edited from the evening news coverage to the USA, the live, prime-time, broadcast, being fed to 11 European nations, had a ten second close-up of Tammy in full flood before the director cut to another camera.

Poor Tammy was rooted to the spot with shame at what she was doing, and the entire parade was in danger of grinding to a halt behind her. One of the band's organisers was the first to react, running out to Tammy, wrapping her coat round her to try to cover her wetness, and dragging her to the side of the road and out of sight. The relief of finally emptying her bladder, plus the realisation of just what she had done, were too much for Tammy, who was sobbing uncontrollably and almost hysterically. She was surrounded by a St John's Ambulance crew, who wrapped her in several blankets and hurried her to the First Aid Post.

They assumed she had had some sort of epileptic fit, causing the hysteria and wetting, and Tammy just about had the presence of mind not to disagree with this diagnosis. Her wet clothes were removed and she was laid on a bed covered in blankets, and, in the best British tradition, Tammy was given a large mug of tea to help her recover. As the First Aid Station had no toilet facilities, this only added to Tammy's troubles, and to her mortification, she had to twice squat over a bucket behind a screen before Cindy, Beth, and the organisers arrived with a dry track-suit to take her back to their hotel.

Tammy took full advantage of the medic's diagnosis of mild epilepsy, and maintained that she could not remember what she had done. She had to spend the rest of the day in bed in a dark room, and it was not until she was alone with Beth and Cindy that she confessed to them exactly what had happened. This wasn't the end of the story, and further embarrassment awaited Tammy when they got back to the USA. The band's organisers had commissioned a video to be made of their appearance on the parade, and this included all the TV coverage of the band. Unfortunately, these videos were given to all the sponsors and the parents of everyone in the band without anyone viewing them first, and every second of Tammy's wetting was included, together with several group shots showing her holding between her legs.

