It was a bad day from the start for 22–year–old Alisha. When she woke up, her long brunette hair was all in clumps, and when she went to get out of bed her pajamas caught on the bed post and ripped right at the crotch. She wanted to cry, but figured she could just sew it later. As she walked into the bathroom, she noticed all her dirty clothes lying on the floor and knew that she had to go do laundry today. She quickly stepped in the shower and washed her hair, but it was still hard to brush when she came out.
She wrapped a towel around her tight body and walked to her dresser, where she found she had no clean clothes. She looked at the dirty laundry pile realizing how bad the day was going. She picked through what was in there and put on clothes that weren't that dirty. She pulled a light blue lacy thong up over her long, smooth legs and it fit nicely in between her tight butt cheeks. She put on a pair of gray jogging pants over it and just threw on a red belly shirt, lacking a bra on her luscious 32 C breasts. She grabbed a gym bag close by and stuffed her clothes in, grabbed a 20 oz. Coke, and rushed out the door.
When she got in her car, the air conditioner wouldn't turn on and it was an awfully hot day. By the time the five–minute drive to the Laundromat was over, she had already finished off that Coke. On the way in, she stopped at the vending machine to get two cans of Pepsi. She put her clothes in the washer and sat at the table. She reached into the gym bag and grabbed her CD player and realized she had forgot to bring any CDs. She went back to her car searching for one and couldn't find any. She sat there, disgusted, and drank one of the cans of Pepsi rather fast.
When her clothes were done washing, she was already finished with that other can and she could feel pressure building up in her bladder as she emptied out the washer and put the clothes in the dryer. She reached around in her pocket for a few quarters and realized she had none left. Walking over to the change machine, she realized the smallest bill she had was a 10–dollar bill. She slipped it in the machine, knowing she was going to hate having all that change in her pocket. She started the dryers up and walked outside for another can of Pepsi.
As she sat down sipping at her Pepsi, she suddenly realized how much she needed to go to the bathroom. She looked around the small place and realized there weren't any restrooms there. She crossed her legs tightly, figuring she could hold it until her clothes were done. But by the time the cycle on the dryers were finished, she could barely move. Her hand was clasped tightly between her aching thighs. It's a wonder nobody else in there noticed her dismay. She slowly got up and gained control for a little bit to walk over to the dryer and restart them, but a sudden wave sent a spurt out into her panties and she fell back against the wall, grabbing herself.
She noticed she was starting to draw attention toward herself as two people looked at her when she fell back. She just smiled at them, hoping they would think that she tripped, and walked back to her seat, keeping her hand tightly over her crotch. When she sat down, she moved her hand to look at the damage. Not much, just a streak along the inside of her thigh. She sat there wondering if she'd make it home. She doubted it and was beginning to worry she would end up wetting herself in front of everybody...a nice cherry on the sundae of her already bad day.
She heard her dryers buzzing and went to get up to check her clothes, but as she started to stand, she lost control and let a long stream out into her pants. She quickly sat back down and grabbed her crotch and gained control again. She looked down and there was an unmistakable wet spot all around her crotch. She noticed the Laundromat had filled up quite a bit and all the dryers were taken. She began to worry that somebody would ask her to get her clothes so they could use the dryers. She noticed a few people looking at them and looking around the place.
She took a deep breath, squeezed her thighs tightly together, and stood up, kind of shuffling with her legs closed toward her dryers. She opened one of the doors and felt that her clothes were still quite damp and restarted them. Suddenly she heard somebody scream and yell, "Look! She wet herself!"
The suddenness of the scream startled her and the rest started to come out. She stood there, red–faced, leaning against the locker as she soaked her pants in front of everybody there as they watched it spread from her crotch down her legs and onto the floor, totally soaking her jogging pants.
She figured the worst of it was over and might as well wait for her clothes to finish. She turned around to her audience and gained some composure and managed to say, "I had an accident. I'm sorry." She went back to her seat and realized how turned on it made her. A few people were still staring at her, but she didn't care. She reached under her thong and felt how wet her clit was getting. She started rubbing it gently with people still watching her. She loved the feel of her wet jogging pants clinging to her ass and legs.
As she was sitting there, enjoying herself, a built, handsome guy in a pair of black jeans and a black leather coat with shoulder–length black hair sat next to her and grabbed her head, starting to kiss her. She loved the attention and it made her hornier. He started fondling her tits as she kept rubbing herself and kissing him. By now all of the people in the Laundromat had their attention on the two.
She pulled her jogging pants down to her ankles and pulled away from him, pushing his head down. He let his head go down with ease and pulled her thong aside and shot his tongue straight up between her lips and she moaned with pleasure and some more pee came gushing out. She blushed and apologized, but the guy told her, "It's alright. I love it." A few more shots with his tongue and she couldn't hold in her orgasm if she tried.
After they were done, she pulled up her pants and smiled at her audience as she stuck her clothes in her gym bag. She turned around to give the guy her phone number, but he was gone. As she got in her car and drove away, she knew she had a new hobby and wondered if she'd ever see him again.
By: Amoeba