Once again, this is very loosely based on a real event, but all the characters are pure fiction.
About five or six years ago, soon after Sarah and I first met, she came to me with an idea for a short break. She had seen some information about a riding center in the Scottish Highlands, where you could ride out around Loch Ness, and being a keen horsewoman she thought it might be fun to combine that with a few days' holiday. I was OK with the idea, as I love the Scottish mountains, so the idea became a plan. She also asked if a friend of hers, Abigail, could come along too. We booked rooms at a B&B in the village of Drumnadrochit, which is right on the edge of Loch Ness and very close to the riding center, which is near Urquhart Castle – monster spotting country!
The trip itself was great – the B&B was very comfortable and the girls loved to get out and about on the horses. I was able to go walking and exploring, and we would meet up late in the afternoon to go and eat. The only problem was that the village was a bit sparse when it came to eating–places, so we used to drive the fifteen miles or so into Inverness where there were more choices. One particular day we planned to visit the old battleground at Culloden, which is quite near Inverness, and stopped off on the way to eat.
We arrived at Culloden early in the evening, after a nice Pizza meal with lots to drink (well, for the girls anyway, I was driving!). As we pulled into the car park, Abigail said, "I hope there are some toilets here – I really need to go." Toilets there most certainly were – unfortunately inside the visitor center, which was shut. We decided to have a quick look round the battleground and then hurry back to Inverness to find facilities. I suggested a bush, but neither of the girls was too keen – Sarah having also announced that she had to go. So we rushed round looking at the various parts of the site, and trying to imagine how the battle had gone. At one point I was reading a notice board beside the main area of the site, and I noticed Abigail was sitting on a fence, rocking backwards and forwards. "Are you OK?" I asked, hoping she wasn't. "Just about," she replied, "are we going to be much longer?"
Reluctantly I agreed to head back to the car and make our way to Inverness. We got in and strapped ourselves in – by now Abigail was openly holding herself and Sarah also asked if she was OK. "It's better now that I'm sitting down, but please hurry" was her reply. I turned the ignition key – and although the engine turned over very slowly there was no sign of it starting. I could have kissed the old car – what a time to have a flat battery! I tried again, and again, but all that happened was the battery got flatter and flatter. "Sorry girls," I said, "looks like we're going to have to call the RAC." "Oh no," wailed Abigail, "I've got to go so badly – I can't wait."
"Me neither," said Sarah, "I'll have wet myself before the RAC gets here." We discussed their options and decided that probably the best thing, as the car park was virtually empty now, was for them to open the car doors, sit on the doorsills, and pee there. "Don't look," said Sarah with a grin as she opened her door – she knew she might as well have asked me to stop breathing! "I don't care if you do," said Abigail, "I've just got to pee now!"
Unfortunately, just at that moment the people in the car parked next to us returned and started getting in. Sarah quickly shut the door, and both girls struggled to keep their pee in for a few more moments. The other folk seemed in no hurry to leave as they loaded bags into the boot of the car and started checking maps. "Come on, come on," Abigail was moaning, "I'm going to wet myself." "Switch sides," I said, "open the door on this side, and go there." Abigail shuffled across the back seat and opened the other door – she slid down on the sill and then lifted up slightly as she pulled her slacks and knickers down. There was a long pause and then she said, "I can't do it! This is ridiculous – I'm absolutely bursting and it won't come out.
It must be because those people are still there." Just then the other car started up and reversed out of the space. It pulled round behind our car and drove off and I still wonder if they caught a look at Abigail's naked bottom as they went by. Anyway, it did the trick – I heard a long sigh and then the most amazing hissing and splattering as Abigail let rip.
"Ohhhh that's better," she moaned. Sarah also had the door on her side open and was in the same position, now peeing forcefully onto the ground. I tried to cop a look in the wing mirror on my door, but all I could see of Abigail was her left foot. Never mind, the sound effects more than made up for the lack of vision!
Eventually the peeing eased to a stop and Abigail shuffled onto the back seat pulling up her knickers and slacks as she did. Sarah was kind to me though, standing before pulling everything up and giving me a nice flash of bare bum.
Derbyshire Pee Lover