Title: Never Be Too Clever

By: Rosemary

Hilary and I continued to have our Thursday hen-night meetings, and we would normally get round to discussing some aspect of peeing during the evening. Hilary often made a point of demonstrating that she could hold out until I had had two or even three pees before she needed to go, so one night I asked her if she had ever been in a situation where she had not been able to wait. She started off by denying it, then, after some thought, admitted that she had once been caught out. She offered to tell the story only if I promised not to go to the loo until she had finished, and, of course, I could not resist that sort of a challenge.

"It was years ago, when I was just trying to start as a model," began Hilary, "In fact it was my first real job. Two girls were needed for some fancy lager commercial, and because it was a dark lager they wanted girls with dark hair and we were dressed in black; I was in a long skirt and Tamzin was in trousers. She had a car and gave me a lift to the location, somewhere exotic like the river-side near Henley. We were lucky with the traffic, and were about an hour early, so as the pubs had just opened, we decided to have a quick drink.

Tamzin was having a fruit juice, but we saw that they had a 'buy 2 get 1 free' promotion for the beer we were advertising, so tried some. It was really quite good, so we bought 2 bottles each to start with, and then one last round to share the extra bottle. That was 4 and a half bottles each, more than enough for a morning, pre-photo-shoot drink. I had encouraged Tamzin to have the last round, because I was getting the idea that it would be great to see her bursting desperate during the photo-shoot. I was confident that I could wait as long as needed, but felt sure that Tamzin would not be able to; her superior attitude was annoying me and I wanted to see her squirming about in agony and then having to pee behind a bush.

"The location was ideal for this scheme, an open river-bank with no loos for miles and enough people about to make it very difficult to just squat for a pee. The photographer, Cecil, was a fussy little man who took the job terribly seriously, and we were for ever hanging about waiting for the light to be just right.

The sun was in and out all the time, so there was loads of time wasted, and it was not too long before I was wanting to pee. We were nowhere near finished when I was feeling really full and uncomfortable. You know the feeling, your bladder is so full it is aching, and you would love to be able to pee and be comfortable again, but you are still in full control. It's like a headache, it would be nice if it went away, but if not, you can live with it. Tamzin ought to have been desperate by then, but she was still acting quite normally. So was I, so I assumed that she was bursting but managing to hide it.

"While we were waiting for the sun to shine, the assistant gave us coffee, which I did not need, but had no choice, as Tamzin drank hers without complaint. I had been sitting with my legs crossed, and when I got up to pose I really wanted to go much more badly. There was a lot more pressure in my bladder, so it was taking some conscious effort to hold it back, and I wanted to keep my legs crossed as much as possible. This did not comply with the poses wanted, and by the time I had finished that scene I was desperate, beginning to struggle to hold my pee. Tamzin went through a similar set of poses without an apparent trouble, and I was starting to wonder just how big her bladder was. I had always rated myself as having a super-bladder, yet I was desperate and she did not seem to want to go at all. This was not how I had planned the morning.

"All through Tamzin's set, I had been either keeping my legs in a knot or sitting on my heel, so my need to pee had remained stable and controllable. When I stood up for the next session, I realised just how much fuller my bladder had got. The pressure to pee was now intense, and I was really having to clench myself shut to hold it back. I had reached the state where I would normally be saying that I simply had to pee, but there was no chance of that, and worse, Tamzin did not seem to be affected yet. We had attracted a group of spectators, so I could not even go behind Tamzin's car and squat. As I started the next poses, I was fighting to hold on, and this must have affected how I was posing, because the Cecil kept complaining that my posture was wrong.

'You're supposed to be enjoying yourself, Hilary,' he moaned, 'so get your body-language right, so you look happy. At the moment you look as if you want to be doing anything except drinking a beer.'

"He was right, of course, and it is that sort of thing that makes or mars and advert, but I was so frantic for a pee that it was difficult to relax as he wanted. He persisted, and eventually got me in the poses he wanted, but the problem was that for a pose to look relaxed, I had to be at least partly relaxed when I really needed to have my bladder tensed shut as much as possible. I was going frantic, and when he got me in a casual, laid back, open leg position, I could feel my bladder control slipping away. He made me hold the pose to catch the light just so, to the point when I simply could not hold it back any longer, and I let a dribble of pee leak into my knickers. The shock of actually wetting myself got me under control again somehow, but I was still right on the brink of bursting.

"Then, thank goodness, it was the last set, posing with Tamzin. Again we had the problem of my body language being wrong for a relaxed happy girl enjoying a drink with friends, while Tamzin was not having any trouble posing as required. Luckily, this was blamed on my in-experience, and eventually we got it right, but I was absolutely frantic for a pee and I couldn't do any of the normal things, like crossing my legs, jigging about, or sitting down, to help hold it back. I wasn't even allowed to grit my teeth and clench my fists, or grip my skirt, which would have helped a bit.

Somehow I held on for longer than I would have thought possible, but eventually, to my intense mortification, I could not avoid some more leaks into my knickers. I could feel pee trickling down the inside of my legs, but with a long skirt, nothing showed. I was wearing a tiny, skimpy, pair of knickers, that hardly absorbed anything, so I was getting wet all down my legs. I kept telling myself, 'Girl, you're pissing your knickers in public, for fuck's sake, you must stop', but to save my life I couldn't stop unless I was allowed to cross me legs.

"That scene was the final shot, and once we had our time sheets signed for the agency, we were finished. I was virtually walking about with my legs crossed, but at least I had my bladder under control again, and had stopped pissing my knickers, even if there still was no chance of a proper pee. Tamzin was still walking about normally, as if she had no desire at all to pee, but as we got in her car, her first words were 'Quick, if I don't get to a loo soon I'm going to burst!' and she drove onto the road like a lunatic, cursing anyone that got in her way, steering one-handed, her left hand pressed between her legs when she wasn't changing gear, suddenly revealing how desperate she was.

This meant that I could also hold my crutch, taking some of the pressure off my over-stretched bladder; I could feel my wet knickers through the thin material of my skirt, but I hoped that as it was black, the wetness would not show. I really had no option but to hold myself, the alternative was to risk more leaks onto the seat of Tamzin's car, which would have shown.

"Tamzin was repeating 'A public loo, a garage, a pub, even a hedge will do, there must be somewhere I can pee. I've been waiting so long, I'm going to burst any second if I can't find a loo.' The first place we saw was a pub, and she drove into the car park, skidding to a stop as close to the entrance as she could.

We didn't bother to lock the car, all we cared about was getting to the loo. Thankfully the Ladies was just inside the door, and there were two empty cubicles, so we did not have to queue. Oh the relief! What a wonderful feeling to sit on the loo and relax, just letting my pee pour out. I was going for ages, even longer that Tamzin, but I have always been a slow pisser, and I was full to the brim that day. As I hoped, the wet patches on my skirt hardly showed, and if Tamzin did notice she didn't say anything. The crutch of her trousers was still dry, I'm certain of that, so she had completely out-waited me, when I had been so confident that I could outlast anyone if I had to.

"We both needed a drink to get over our ordeal. I was suffering from a bad case of bladder ache, and I expect Tamzin was as well. As we sat down, Tamzin addressed me seriously, 'You have just learned the first rule of modelling; Never, never, drink much before any photo session, particularly outdoors, because there is never anywhere to pee when you need to. I must have been out of my head letting you buy all that beer this morning.'

"'I don't know how I managed to wait, I was absolutely bursting,' I lied, though I did not actually say I had waited. 'That's the second rule,' continued Tamzin, 'don't consider a modelling career unless you have an iron bladder, because, despite all precautions, you will be caught out like we were today, and then you just have to hold it in, because photographers don't like any interruptions for trivial things like girls peeing. I guess that the fact that you survived today means that your bladder is up to scratch, though you will get worse that this.' I kept quiet, marvelling that Tamzin had managed to wait so long without giving any sign of how desperate she was. I had also learned a third lesson; 'never be too clever,' because I had been so sure that I had the best bladder in the world, yet I had been comprehensively out-waited by someone who was not even trying to beat me."

Hilary concluded her story, and also finished her drink, then looked expectantly at me, hoping that I would be squirming in desperation as I had not been to the loo since she started, as she had demanded. She was clearly disappointed as I was sitting normally, as Tamzin might have been. Then she saw the reason why; I had not drunk any of my beer since she had begun her narrative. One up for me, I thought, and reminded Hilary of her third lesson, 'never be too clever.'

