Dream Team (part 11)

Posted by Tinker, on April 15, 1999 at 03:47 

"Oh, I really look forward to tonight! I thought it would never come this week." Janice and Susan left the boredom of the large lecture hall building behind as they walked to their dorm. It was a beautiful, sunny Thursday afternoon. Tomorrow, most students would leave the campus to go home somewhere during the day, so Thursday was the day of choice to go out and have a good time. "It will be good to dance for a whole evening," Janice said. Susan was a bit less enthusiastic. "Yes, but tomorrow I've classes early in the morning. It should not get too late."

Janice laughed. "It's clear you're a freshman student, Susan. Later year students do not really care any more about following classes. Friday morning is hell for teachers because almost nobody shows up. And Friday afternoon is as bad because most people have gone home already, or hang out in a pub somewhere on campus." They took a right turn and passed the laboratories of the biology department. "Eh, Janice... Just a question. What about the boys? Are they very pushy over here?" Janice shook her head. "No, not at all. They are on the lookout, but not overly so. If you give hints, they won't hesitate to make a pass at you though. It's most of the fun really."

"You think so? You go out to the club to flirt with the boys?"

"Well, not only for that. And when I had a steady boyfriend I certainly did not flirt. At least not that much." They giggled. "But after we broke up, I started flirting again. You see, although I don't really miss him that bad, it can be pretty lonely in bed at night. Sometimes you just want company. Even for only one night." 

"And does that company come easily?" Susan inquired, more curious than anything else. "You bet it does. Don't be afraid, the guys don't assume that every girl is only there to be picked up. But if you really want to get laid, it's no problem finding a willing victim to take care of you." Susan blushed. "Well, that's not what I had in mind for tonight." Janice looked aside. "Tell me Susan, are you still a virgin? It's no classification, I am just curious." Susan nodded. "Yes I am. I've had a boyfriend once, but we never did it. We played, and we've reached peaks by helping each other a bit. Nothing spectacular, just rubbing. He against my ass outside the dancing, holding me tightly. I on his thigh wearing a short skirt. It was very exciting to do these things, but we never went any further. And you?"

Smiling, Janice replied: "No, I'm not. With my first boyfriend, it was pretty much the same as with yours. Just hugging and playing. But with my second boyfriend, here at university, it was much easier to get privacy with our parents out of the way. It took a while, but then we both felt ready and after a wonderful evening in which he invited me to a romantic dinner, we got each other in my dorm bed. I had told my roommate to stay away, and she understood. I've slept with him for over two years before we broke up. Since then, once in a while I really long for a warm bed, and I throw myself before the lions. But not so blatantly obviously as Melissa does. She's just devouring boys by the dozen. She really does go out to get laid." 

"Does Melissa have a boyfriend?" Susan asked. "Not that I know of. That's just not her style. She's always very busy with herself, not a relationship type. At least not yet."

"I wonder how she does it," Susan wondered. "Do you think she will be around tonight?"

"I think so. We can just drop by her room when we leave for the club and invite her to come with us. Shall we?" Susan nodded. "Yes, please. I like her, and it will be exciting to see her picking out her victim of the night." They said each other goodbye and entered two opposing buildings on the edge of the residential area of the campus to have a meal and freshen up. 

"Shouldn't we have invited others, like Jane and Michelle?" Susan pondered while they crossed the square on their way to Melissa's dorm building. Janice shook her head. "No. Jane is difficult to persuade to go out in the first place. She prefers hanging out on the Web, or something virtual like that. Michelle seems a bit too hold back to go out to a club just yet. And the rest, well, we're all so different, really, it's only on special occasions that we go out together. Besides, most of us consider Melissa's behavior a bit over the top. A wonderful team mate, but a selfish bitch in a club. You'll see. But we won't stick to her, as soon as she has caught her fish, she's on her own. And I don't feel like fishing tonight at all."

They climbed up the stairs leading to Melissa's room. Fortunately she was home. "Hi girls! Come in. I'm finishing up my term project, it will be done in five minutes." They entered the room and looked for a place to sit down. Only the bed was suitable. A bit reluctantly, Susan sat down, looking uneasy. "Yes, this is the arena," Janice grinned. "Eh?" Melissa wondered. "Nothing. I told Susan about your efforts not to return to your room alone after a night out. She was impressed." Melissa shrugged. "Sorry. It's my way. Can't seem to maintain a steady relationship. Need other ways of satisfying my needs. I hunt. Others farm. Both ways work." She sat down at her desk and finished a drawing she had been working on. It did not take long. 

"Okay girls, finished. Let me dress up and we're ready for business." Melissa opened up her closet and rummaged around. "I feel hungry tonight, after all that project work. I'd better put on something appropriate or else I'll regret it. Ah yes, this one will do." She threw a short skirt on the bed, followed by a green blouse. Susan picked up the skirt. It was made of red corduroy, with two pockets and a black belt with a fairly heavy, shiny silver buckle. She held it out in front of her.

The skirt was shaped like a topped-off cone, wider at the bottom than at the top, but straight, without any folds or pleats. And it was maybe twenty-five centimeters long, really a super mini to all standards. "You dare," Susan said. Melissa just smiled. She took off her jeans, T-shirt, and bra. Dressed only in her panties she put on the blouse and the skirt, and looked into the mirror. "Hm... not good enough." After thinking for a moment, Melissa put the lower front of her blouse carefully in a knot, exposing her belly button while leaving her breasts decently covered, but only three buttons away. "That's better." 

She opened a drawer and looked for shoes, deciding on a pair of flat leather sandals and no socks. "It's getting chilly tonight, Melissa," Janice warned her. Melissa looked down to her bare legs. "Oh, I can take that. Besides, in the club it will get pretty hot, and I'll wear my special panties, of course. But thanks for the suggestion, Janice." Janice leaned back against the wall and smiled. "Watch, Susan. This is Melissa's secret." Melissa made a face and reached up to the top shelf of her closet. She picked up a few pairs of panties and tossed one of them towards Susan. Curiously, Susan caught them and was surprised by their weight. The panties were full size hip huggers, made of snow white terry cloth. "You are going to wear these under your red skirt? White? You dare even more."

"Of course I do. Without these panties it would not even be half the fun. It's all a matter of proper skill. And mind you, they are not meant to be on display for just everybody. Only the guys I fancy will get the chance of a peek. It really drives them wild!" She slid her underwear down her legs and stepped into another pair of white terry panties. With a slightly theatrical gesture, Melissa pulled them up and stroke her skirt properly down. "I'm ready. Let's go!" 

Outside they turned to the right and headed for the club, which was just outside the campus but still well within student's territory. Susan, who wore a longish black skirt, a blue blouse, and a nice chain of white somethings, asked Janice if her outfit would be appropriate. "Oh yes it is. It's stylish. You'll get noticed, but in a flattering way. Melissa also will get noticed, but in another way." Giggles. "And you will get noticed yourself as well, Janice. A tight pair of black biker's pants with a biker's shirt saying 'Try to catch up with me' will cause all kinds of suggestions." Janice beamed. "I know. I don't fear attention. I like it! But it's not even close to the attention you will get." Now it was Melissa's turn to beam. "You bet, and boy I'm looking forward to it. Pun intended." 

Susan looked at Melissa's bare legs and asked: "I wonder. The last girl I've seen wearing such terry panties was my niece. She was three years old and just out of diapers, and her parents made her wear what they called practice panties. Made for little accidents." Melissa smiled and replied: "I know. But these are not for practice or accidents. They are for performance! Actually, they were the standard issue panties for the majorette squad I was a member of during my teens. They were the official underwear we all had to put on. Terry panties keep you warm during those endless marches on the streets. It can get quite cold out there, no matter whether you wear panty hose or not. Some of us even wore two pairs of terry panties over each other with panty hose in between." Janice looked aside. "I did not know you have been a member of a majorette squad."

"I'm not particularly proud of it. Marching in front of the band, twirling batons. Silly. But I liked to wear the uniform and being looked at. These panties were the highlight. They were real panties, real underwear, not just a pair on top, and I was required to wear them under a very short green uniform dress. That's exciting when you are fourteen." She paused for a moment. "Also, they could take quite a spill before passing it through. That came in very handy at times." 

Janice and Susan now got interested. "Tell us! Did you have many accidents out on the streets in uniform?" Melissa smiled mysteriously. "Me, no. I had good bladder control, and no accidents. But some others were less lucky. Especially one of us always needed an emergency pee break halfway. The band would stop marching for a minute while she, and often one or two others as well, bolted into a pub to go to the loo. Not that it was always in time. Our trainer followed the band and the squad over the street, with a couple of spare terry panties in her hand bag, just for these cases.

Strangely, accidents almost never occurred solo. When one of us got wet, often more did. I remember a particularly bad day, where halfway the route it started to rain. Not heavy enough to abandon the parade, but enough to get the streets wet and to make us shiver in our uniforms. It made even me needing to go bad, so I could imagine the others having real problems. And indeed. Vanessa was the first to whisper that she almost got cramps.

That was our code for spilling! Melanie and Monica immediately whispered back that they were close to getting a cramp, too. And the pee break was still a mile away. The assuring presence of our trainer with her hand bag, plus the wet street, plus the sparse audience in the rain made the squad captain decide to declare an emergency. She let herself fall back to the band leader and asked for a short marching break, because all the girls suffered from cramps due to the cold and wanted to stretch. The band leader, who already wondered how we managed in our short dresses while he was having cold in his full pants, of course agreed and said that he would have the band play the next score in place. When our captain made her way back up front, she whispered left and right that during the next song, those who wanted could do something about their cramps." 

"It led to mixed reactions, as you would expect! Nobody really liked this solution, but it was an emergency. For the next three minutes, we marched and twirled on as usual, but you could probably read our faces. Something in between fear and anxiety, but no panic any more. I think most of us just accepted the fact that they had no choice but to make good use of their uniform panties and hope for the best. When the whistle sounded and we made our last step, you could feel the tension. We all stood nicely in our official pose, feet together and baton across our chest, and neatly stretched our aching leg muscles. But that was over in ten seconds, while the score lasted four minutes.

We started to gaze at each other, making eye contact. Who would let herself have a cramp first? It was not until our captain turned around and, after looking at the audience, gave us a nod that we really understood that we were expected to get going. So we took heart and relaxed, one by one. I'm pretty sure that nobody in the audience noticed anything. The whole squad was just standing still, waiting for the score to finish. But once in a while, a word floated around, like 'warm', or 'yuk!', or 'geez', and even 'wow!'. It was not clear at all who was doing what. When the band started the next score, we all got into the march like nothing had happened and made it to the pub without further problems. But we did not feel the cold any more. It was pretty exciting." 

Susan scratched her head and asked: "Any idea how many girls decided to have cramps in the end?" Melissa sniggered. "Our trainer had not enough spare panties with her. All of us. Yes, all of us had been going to the toilet in our uniform on the street. Some just a bit to get to the pub. Others the whole lot. You could hear their boots sopping. Even our captain had used her terry panties as a toilet and used this fact to comfort the rest. She also sacrificed herself to pass on the dry replacements to others. Three girls went out again still wearing their peed underwear, halfly dried under the toilet's hot air blower." Janice said: "I suppose you were one of the girls wearing soppy boots?" Melissa beamed. "Of course I was. I could have hold it, honestly, but having the opportunity to go in my uniform for real, just letting it run for fun, was too tempting. And a captain should always give the proper example." Their laughter drifted over the street as they approached the club. 

Inside, they first claimed a table in a darkish corner for themselves. It was quite noisy so they could easily talk in private. Melissa already started to look around for victims. Susan shook her head. "Melissa, really, are you so desperate for, well, sex?" She nodded. "Yes. I can't wait until somebody takes me. Believe me, it eats on you, not getting laid for two weeks. It's not everybodies choice, but for me a sabbatical means lots of new energy."

"Sabbatical?" Janice inquired. "Uh-huh. S.B.A. Sex, Breakfast, Away." Everybody in the club looked towards their corner when the sudden outburst of hilarious laughter drowned out the music for a moment. Hiccuping, Susan said: "Okay, if you say so. But then, if this is such a routine for you, how does it go? Do you have a plan?" Janice stretched herself and got up. "Yes she has. I know it, she does not stop telling it to us. What do you want to drink?" While she went to the bar for refreshments, Melissa circumstantially described to Susan what she intended to do. 

"First I look for a guy that seems nice and approachable. No girlfriend in tow. I pass by him for something irrelevant, so that he notices me, and I make eye contact. Just a brief glance, but he'll remember. He'll notice where I am going and will once in a while gaze in my direction. That's the first thing to do, to get boys to watch you. A few of them, if possible. As time passes, you single out one guy that makes your fluids flow faster, so to say. It's easy, because you don't need to think more than a few hours ahead; he'll be out of the door again within half a day! 

When you've found one, you make him think that he wants you. That's even easier." Janice returned with the drinks. "Stop, Melissa. You completely spoil Susan this way. Susan, please don't believe any word of what she says. Yes this is her way, but no it's not common." She sat down. "Maybe Melissa should move a bit, so that she can act out her scenario while we stay in the background and watch?" Melissa's eyes cleared up. "Yes! I don't want to bother you girls, but I also want to get laid. Just let me sit over there, in the light, and keep the chair next to me empty. That will do." 

Melissa moved her chair a bit and sat down, her legs decently crossed. Although a bit separated from Susan and Janice, she still was in speaking range. "So you two are going to watch? Fine. I'm sure Janice will provide the comments." She grabbed her drink and downed half the glass. Then she looked around the club and spotted a group of single guys a few tables away. "Okay, it will be one of those. Here we go." Still holding the glass, she got up and walked to the bar, drinking the rest as she went. Susan thought she could Melissa say "Hi guys" as she passed their table. All four heads followed her and Susan grinned that phase one was already over. On her way back to her own table, Melissa again smiled to the boys and from then on ignored Susan and Janice. Sitting down, crossing her legs again, she turned towards the dance floor and enjoyed the crowd. Susan peeked to the boys' table. Once in a while, one of them would indeed let his gaze drift towards Melissa. 

Over the next hour, nothing spectacular happened. Melissa went to dance for a while, attracting more attention. Both Janice and Susan had another two drinks, and none of the boys dared to approach the girl in the red miniskirt swinging on the dance floor. When Janice saw Melissa returning, she said to Susan: "Now watch out. She's made her choice now and is going to throw out the bait." Winking to them, Melissa took her chair again and sat down, this time with her knees together, pointing towards the table with the four guys. She reached for her glass and took a sip. "Watch her knees, Susan," Janice whispered. Susan swallowed. Almost invisibly, Melissa let her knees fall open just a bit. Then she put the glass back on the table, and while reaching out they opened a bit more. One of the guys who sat across their table gazed to Melissa again and noticed. From then on, he peeked towards Melissa every ten seconds. "Okay, she's got his attention. Now she wants his desire." 

Susan felt her throat run dry, and Janice offered to fetch a refill so that Susan would not miss anything. But Melissa liked her game so much that she waited until Janice was back with the drinks. Knowing what would follow, Janice whispered: "Get him, Melissa." She winked back, threw her hair back, and looked over her left shoulder to the dance floor. Her chest turned to follow her head, and it looked like she would also pivot on her chair, moving her knees towards the dance floor as well. But her right knee stayed put. The guy's jaw dropped as he suddenly looked right up the short skirt of the girl he had been watching. Her sexy white panties flashed in the beam of the lights as she forgot to keep her knees together for a moment.

When she turned back on her chair, her knees closed again, but not completely. A hint of white remained. Suddenly she looked in his direction, and hastily he turned his head away. But ten seconds later he looked again. The girl now reached for her glass and showed her panties again. He saw that she emptied her glass and put it back onto the table with a gesture that said 'get me more, anybody.'" He excused himself to his friends and went over to the bar. With two drinks he proceeded to Melissa's table, ignoring the two other girls in the corner. "Hello. Can I offer you a drink?"

"Yeah, sure," Melissa smiled back. She gladly accepted the glass. "Take a seat, it's free." The guy praised his fortune that she was approachable, and that his seat was in the line of fire, with Melissa's knees pointing right at him. 

Janice poked Susan in her side and whispered in her ear: "We need to go, otherwise we miss the open air show." Not knowing what Janice meant, Susan only halfly agreed leaving Melissa and her prey behind, but she gave in. They waited across the club, watching the couple from a distance. Susan could see how Melissa's knees kept the guy on the lookout. Her skirt was so short that even from a seat a meter away he would have a magnificent display of her underwear, if only she would allow him. "It's a matter of time before she gives him the coup de grace," Janice said. "He's fully in her power now, but he does not yet want to jump her. He only wants to look up her skirt again and see what she wears for underwear. But Melissa is a witch with her knees."

"Is she going to let him watch her panties just like that?" Susan inquired, her voice trembling a bit. "No, not just like that. She will always make it look like an accident. And, it excites herself a lot, too, knowing that a guy is looking up her skirt and getting a hardon of watching her pretty panties. Wait... here it comes, I'm sure." 

The guy had produced a packet of cigarettes and presented one to Melissa, who waved him away since she did not smoke. But she would get him an ash tray. Stretching herself in her seat, she reached far to the right, and in order not to loose her balance she had to open her knees completely. She also made sure to turn her head to the ash tray, so that he could have a long, close-up view of her terry little girl's panties that just begged to be caressed. The guy dropped his cigarette. He had expected a lot, but not such a soft, invitingly cozy white triangle that seemed like a cuddly toy. And that under a skirt that was so short that even from his position it left nothing to guess. Melissa could not quite reach the ash tray and halfly got off her seat, which even allowed him to bend forward to pick up the cigarette. Susan giggled. "This is what I would call a real close-up view," she said.

Janice agreed: "Yes, he can practically smell her now. She's really a witch. He now has only one thought on his mind: to put his hands up that tiny skirt of hers and feel what he just saw. He wants desperately to go outside to a dark place and have her stand ready for him. Which is, of course, exactly what Melissa wants to do." Melissa finally got hold of the ash tray and sat back, knees together again. With a very friendly, almost seductive smile, she handed the ash tray over to him and said something. Susan would gave given a lot to know what she said. Surprisingly, the guy apparently decided not to smoke anyway, since he put the ash tray back on the table and stuffed the cigarettes in his pocket. No, he proposed to go outside to smoke there. Melissa nodded and rose to her feet. Janice pushed Susan out the door. "To the left, and then up the hill. Quick." 

They had just positioned themselves behind a bush, off the path and in the black shadows, when Melissa and the guy came out of the club. Melissa led him straight up the hill. They could hear her: "The view over the city is magnificent from there." On the way up, she grabbed his hand and pulled him along. "Go here. I know the way." For a moment, the couple disappeared behind some bushes, but to Susan's relief they appeared again to their right. The floodlights of a building nearby provided enough light to clearly make them out, while Susan and Janice remained completely invisible.

Obviously both Janice and Melissa had been doing this more than once before. They saw the couple standing next to each other, his hand around her waist now, looking over the city. Susan hissed to Janice: "Is she going to wet herself before taking him to her room?" Very softly, Janice replied: "You bet. She's dying to do a long, lovely warm pee in her toilet panties. That's the only reason she wears them, they are wonderful to go in. Terry cloth is the best if you want to feel what's happening up your skirt, and fortunately boys like it as well. Having a guy who knows her intentions watching her while she begins to pee in her panties for real gets her really going. Now keep your ears open and watch closely. This is going to be very, very interesting." 

Melissa turned towards the guy and put her arms around his waist as well. Then she looked up to him and gave him a kiss. The guy dropped his cigarette and grabbed her with both hands, first around her waist, then lower. Melissa encouraged him by moaning a bit. He went lower. Still lower. Suddenly his hands met smooth skin instead of rough corduroy. Her skirt was shorter than he thought. Slowly he slid his hands towards the front of Melissa's legs, following the hem of her skirt, wondering when she would call it quits. She did not. Before he knew it, he had one hand in between her thighs. If anything, she moved them further apart! Was he allowed to...?

Incredulously, but with great excitement, he carefully moved his hand up. It reached the hem of her skirt, and still she did not protest. Would this really be true? He recalled what her panties looked like, so white, so virginal, so soft and thick... as of a little girl. Higher. His hand reached up her skirt now. She actually opened her legs further, he noticed, she was encouraging him! This amazing girl was standing with her legs apart so that he could get at her panties under her miniskirt! No way he would let this opportunity pass by. He dashed for the prize and grabbed. Here they were. Soft. Warm. Sexy. Incredibly sexy. 

Melissa let him go on. He bent his knees to get a better view and was putting both his hands up her skirt now. The guy gently caressed her panties in between her legs, in the front, from the sides. With her legs a bit open, she offered him ample opportunity to get his reward. But no matter how pleasant it was to arouse a boy by just letting him play with her panties, Melissa wanted more. Lots more. When he had been everywhere, she undid the top button of her blouse and turned around, so that he could grab her from the back. One of his hands stayed up her skirt, the other moved to her chest. It was then that Susan heard her say something.

It sounded like: "It's cold out here. My room is not far away. Shall we go there?" His answer was not much more than a groan, but it sounded affirmative. Janice whispered: "And now for the finale." Melissa tore away, but then stopped. "I want to pee first." The guy, drunk from lust, told her that she could go in her dorm. "No, I need to go right now. You make me want to pee with your caressing. If you keep going on I'll just loose it." Something indecipherable welled up from his throat. Melissa's clear voice answered. "Okay, you can go on if you want. But then I will need to do it in my panties. Do you mind?" Another groan. "You don't mind? Great! I'm going to wet my panties right away then."

"Yes!" Janice hissed. "Here it comes!" 

While the guy removed his hands from under her skirt and cupped both her breasts, Melissa tucked her skirt properly back down and gave a thumbs up against the light, sending Susan and Janice into almost uncontrolled laughter. Then she spread her legs wide in the classical pose and offered her snow white terry panties a clear view to the ground. The guy noticed what she was doing and moaned, realizing she was really going to wet her fabulous pet panties, while Melissa felt his crotch rub against her ass. She got pretty hot herself now, looking forward to mounting her stallion on her bed and galloping away, still wearing her skirt and panties. Her pretty panties. She could feel them, thick and absorbing, pristine white and invitingly dry.

She parted her legs a bit more and put her hands on her hips, her short skirt tightly around her thighs now, while her breasts got a wonderful fondling from that willing victim behind her back. Melissa looked out over the city, with its thousands of lights, and knew that she was in view of thousands of people who could see that she was about to do it in her panties on purpose. Everything was set. She could just let it come right into her skirt and enjoy. Two more deep breaths. One more. 

It came from deep within her, and she could not suppress a gasp when it hit. A hot, powerful torrent rushed down her lower belly and poured into her lovely toilet panties. They got wonderfully warm and wet in an instant, and she cried from pleasure when her skirt became a necessity to make it to her room in a decent way. It hissed, gurgled, and splattered under her skirt, and she almost lost control over herself. Hot, hot. More, more. It could never be enough, her panties should get completely soaked up to her waist band. It was staggering. This was wetting as it was meant to be. 

While she was still going in full swing, Melissa slowly got her head together again and prepared for the next and semi-final phase, the walk home in soaking wet panties with a hungry tiger on a leash. Only then she became aware of a rhythmic pushing against her ass. But it took her too long to realize what was going on. When she woke up and tried to stop him, he had already passed the point of no return. While Melissa could not move as she was still peeing in her panties, her conquest came loud and powerful in his pants. He slammed his crotch three times against her skirted ass, inches away from the wet heaven between her legs, and then howled against the moon for ten seconds. Shocked, Melissa could do nothing but wait until she would stop peeing. When he let her slip out of his arms and weakly staggered back, she looked over her shoulder, still with her legs wide apart and leaking quite obviously. It was too late. He had lost his power. 

Susan and Janice now split their sides from laughter. They did not even try to hide their presence, they just hollered out loud. While the guy slowly got his act together and then bolted down the hill, trying to hide both his creamed pants and his embarrassment, Melissa dropped her shoulders and stayed alone on the top of the hill, her legs apart, her panties used and useless, her ego shattered. She wanted to cry. She did. 

Janice put her arms around her friend. "Come on, Melissa. It's not that bad. We all had a complete screwup once. You were just too powerful for him. Maybe he was inexperienced. Maybe he had his first look up a girl's skirt of his life. Anyway, he was the loser. Not you." Melissa sobbed. "It went so well. Everything fitted. I got him looking up my skirt, out of the club, he allowed me to go in my panties for real... and now he's gone." Susan came nearer. "Yes, and? That was only one guy. There were dozens of them inside. Just go back and pick up another one." Melissa shook her head. "My panties are gone. It's no use."

"Come on! You don't need your baby panties to get a guy! Look at yourself. You are the most sexy babe around, even with peed panties. Just don't flash and let them guess what you wear. The moment they discover, it's too late for them. They won't mind at all. You can even stage a second incident and have them think you are doing it in dry panties." Melissa sobbed one more time. "You think so?"

"Yes I do. Okay, down the hill." 

They walked back to the club. Melissa arranged her clothes and hair again, and when they appeared in the lights she was as attractive as before. It sopped between her legs, but nobody would know. Outside the club, quite some people had gathered, and they decided not to go inside any more. Melissa split off to find some interesting subjects to talk to, while Susan and Janice, still hiccuping, kept to the side. "That was the most wonderful case of silly bad luck that I ever witnessed," Janice sniggered. "She was too sexy. She had him by his balls and she blew it. Oh, what a story. I can't wait to tell the rest." Somebody passed by and without waiting for their reaction offered them both a glass of beer. "Here, present for the ladies." He continued with a full tray of beer without even looking back. Susan giggled. "Nice guys over here."

"Yeah, some of them have style," Janice replied, taking a large drink. "Which reminds me. Melissa went to the toilet, but I did not." She straightened her back and froze. Susan almost dropped her glass. "You are going to wet your pants here? With all these people around?"

"Yes. I'm in the shadow, and these biker's pants don't show anything. The next minute or so, I'll be busy passing warm water through tight fabric. If somebody comes, you talk. I wet myself. When I'm done, I'll start talking again." 

She was not even finished when two guys approached. "Hi girls. Nice evening, isn't it?"

"Yes," Janice answered, "and that's my final word." She looked at Susan and just smiled. Susan blushed a bit, but managed to take over the conversation while Janice released the first spurt in her pants. It went all down her left leg, so she decided to push harder. That helped. Standing within two meters of the guys, she calmly and steadily did a full pee in her shorts and felt it flushing around her crotch, running down both her legs into her low shoes, and out through the toe holes again. It was marvelous. 

While Janice gazed mysteriously into the distance, breathing like she did a yoga exercise, Susan divided her attention between the two guys and Janice's blatant toilet activities. It was just smalltalk, so it could be done mostly on autopilot. The guys never had any idea why Janice was so silent. But Susan anxiously waited for her first word, both to get help in talking to the guys and because she wanted to join Janice in her naughty game. Under her long skirt, her own pretty panties begged for a rain shower. She wondered how it would feel like to just start peeing in her skirt right there. It would be warm and wet, of course, but also very exciting. Her bare legs would likely get wet as well. Unless she could keep them open. Could she?

A silly idea ran through her mind. She could already be naughty without even getting wet. Still talking, she moved her feet apart. Not much at first, but then more and more. Her long, wide skirt made this quite inconspicuous, although her feet were soon half a meter apart. Standing like this made her skin glow, and she hoped that nobody near would look down to her feet. But if Janice could get away peeing in her biker's pants, she could get away standing indecently in a long skirt. 

Finally Janice said something like "Okay, that was it. I'm back again," and the guys turned to her, asking if she did yoga often. "Oh, a few times a week," she smiled. Little did they know that her whole belly, crotch, and thighs were almost steaming, at least it felt like that in the crisp evening air. She saw that Susan stood ready for immediate action, undoubtedly anxious to have a shot at it at her first sign. But her panties would need to wait a bit longer before they could join the party. Teasing, she directed the conversation back to her friend, who almost shook her head but then got her act together and joined in again. But as soon as she could, she withdrew and just looked at Janice, with eyes that begged for mercy. Well, let her have her share, Janice thought. She started out on a difficult university politics matter with the guys and gave a reassuring nod to Susan. 

Susan understood the gesture and knew that it was her turn now. She still felt very excited when she was about to pee in her panties. No matter if it was in her uniform or in her normal clothes, from the moment that she got the green light and actually began the final preparations, she got hot and probably blushed. Susan looked around. At least thirty people near, most of them closer than ten meters. But nobody looked, and she already had her legs far enough apart to just let it come. Okay, then let it come. She closed her eyes for a moment and concentrated. It came quickly and she did not even need to push. With only a few seconds to go, she made eye contact with Janice to confirm that she was unavailable from then on, and put her hands in the pockets of her skirt.

Casually she waited for the miracle to take place. Faith did not leave her alone. Her panties got wet for real. She was doing it in her panties with her legs wide open, as obvious as she could do it, and nobody except Janice knew what was happening. Slowly it started to rain between her legs, and the soil of the Earth eagerly absorbed the liquid of life. Almost shuddering from delight, Susan did a full number one in her skirt, taking her time. Halfway she actually picked up the conversation again, although Janice noticed that she was not done yet. It was a most remarkable visit to the toilet. 

When she stopped getting wetter, Susan decided that keeping her pose was only natural. Quite enthusiastic, she took over the conversation lead from Janice again, and was almost disappointed when the two guys were called by another group that wanted to move on. She and Janice exchanged gazes and decided that they had great fun. Suddenly Melissa appeared, another guy in tow. "Hi girls. Meet John. John, these are Susan and Janice." They said hi to him. "John and me know each other. We are old friends, in a way." John grinned. "In a way, yes. Explosive relationships are easier to remember." Melissa shrugged. "Okay, so we've only shared some nights. I consider that almost a relationship." They all laughed. John playfully patted Melissa on her ass. "I suppose you have already made good use of your terry toilet panties?" She looked sheepishly. "Yes. You cannot caress them while they are dry any more. I hope you don't mind."

"I don't. I know what they are like. It only makes me hornier. Come on, let's go home. I want to go on the rampage up your skirt. You witch. Every time I say it's the last, but you cast your spell on me over and over again." Susan blinked, not really used to this kind of explicit discussion. Even Melissa, although flattered, felt a bit uneasy. She looked for a way out, and noticed Susan standing in full wetting pose. "You had a toilet break as well?" Susan nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, only a few minutes ago. Right here. I'm still dripping, I think." She pulled her legs carefully together. "No, it stopped. I can walk again." 

Since Melissa's room was on their way home, all four left the club together. John had his hand low on Melissa's hip, and clearly they both got very excited about their upcoming bed adventure. "I think I just keep everything on and have you take me through my panties on my desk," Melissa teased. "I'll sit down and open my knees for you, but you need to do all the rest." John was not so easily fooled. "Maybe later. First you need to get yourself off three times on my knee, grinding your soppy panties over my jeans. Otherwise you won't be nearly wet enough, not even with two toilet breaks in your underwear. Remember last time? You claimed you were wet enough, but the people across the street could hear you scream for mercy."

Melissa really steamed now. "Not wet enough, huh? Watch this, sex machine." She stopped dead in her tracks and looked down at her short skirt while spreading her legs a full meter. John watched smiling, clearly quite amused. Melissa pushed heavily, and dumped another complete bladder full in her not-so-pristine-white-any-more terry play panties. While she was still wetting herself, he pushed her on, and Melissa had to take a few quick steps to keep her balance. In protest, her terry toilet spilled and she got it all down her legs. Yelling unflattering words, she spurted up the stairs to her dorm, chased by John who now had a good view up her skirt after all. The last thing Janice and Susan saw was that he grabbed her between her legs while she struggled with her door key. Then they were gone. Only a trail of drops on the pavement remained. 

Susan sighed. "It's not my way, no, but I'll surely dream of it. Maybe we all should care less about image and just follow our instincts. It has something." Janice pushed her on and told Susan to keep dreams and reality separate. "In the end, you'll discover that living out all your fantasies leaves you without dreams. And that's no fun at all." Susan nodded. As she said goodbye to Janice and walked the last twenty meters to her own dorm, she pondered which of her dreams really were worth acting out. Quite a few, still. Going to the toilet in her skirt in full public definitely had proved to be more than worth it. Climbing up the stairs, she still felt the wetness deep under her skirt. She hesitated and looked down the walkway. Not all fantasies... 

Later that evening, a passing car driver noticed a girl in a white cheerleader uniform standing on the brightly lit lower walkway of the building. She had her legs far apart as if she was getting ready for a cheer, but instead she looked down to her pretty short skirt and watched the clear stream that fell down. The poor girl was apparently doing a pee in her panties. How unfortunate, with such a neat outfit. He hit the brakes and turned down the car window. "Hello. Do you need some help?" The girl looked up and smiled at him, with no sign of embarrassment and not even a hint of wanting to stop wetting herself. "You're nice, but no thanks. I can do this myself." He watched as she calmly did all the rest in her uniform, as if she did not mind at all wetting herself, then waved to him and disappeared into the building. 

Probably drunk, he thought. She'll have bad dreams tonight. 

He was wrong. 

