Business Journey
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I was on a buisness journey with my boss. We flew to Berlin to join a conference, and we had planned to fly back in the evening of the same day. After the conference was over, a buffet was opened offering us some snacks and drinks, welcome to most everyone because these meetings are always tiring and a strain. Also it afforded a chance to discuss some of the topics more privately.

My boss and I both kept an eye on the time because we had to reach the airport it time for our flight back that evening. I hate running late myself, but my boss always uses every possible minute to talk about contracts and buisness, so it was no wonder that, when I finished my glass of wine, he wasn't in the mood to leave.

"Thomas, I don't want to nurse you but I think we have to leave now or we'll miss our flight!' I pointed out, trying to be tactful. "The cab ride will take at least 30 minutes."

"You're right, but I really want to have a few words with that computer expert. I'd like to find out what it would cost me to have him install the program he demonstrated today on our system. I'll be quick."

"Okay," I agreed reluctantly, knowing it would be impossible to dissuade him. So, I took another glass of wine and tried to relax, although I still kept looking at my watch every few minutes. It really was getting late.

After a while I looked around to find him because now it would become really difficult to reach the airport in time. He was nowhere to be found, and I thought that maybe he was in the restroom. The idea appealed to me too - I had drunk a few cups of coffee and a lot of water throughout the conference, so using the toilet myself before we left would be sensible.

Emptying my glass, and started walking towards the toilets. Half way there, I heard my name being called. I stopped and turned to find Thomas standing with the computer expert he had been seeking.

"Veronique. Come over here! He thinks there shouldn't be any problem getting the software. I think we just need to reduce the price." he said to me, making sure the IT-guy could hear him.

"Oh, that sounds great," I replied, "but..."

"Yes, yes, I know," he interrupted me "We have to leave or we'll miss the plane. So you're your jacket and bag and let's go!"

I considered continuing on to the toilet, but we were really running late, and if I had left Thomas alone again, he would surely end up talking to someone else, delaying us even further. I wanted to get home that night, so I followed his suggestion and retrieved my coat and bag. My need to pee wasn't that urgent and I could hold it until we got to the airport.

We called a taxi and were soon on our way. I told the driver the departure time and he signalized that we were already very late. He really drove like crazy to get us there in time while Thomas and I talked a bit about the conference. After a while, his cell phone rang and he was talking to his lady-love. It wasn't nice listening to him, especially because his wife is a real goldie. So I tried to look out of the window and distract myself. We were now about twenty minutes on the road and my need to pee was increasing slowly but steadily. I wondered if I would be able to use the toilet before getting onto the aircraft because I was getting a bit uncomfortable now, and you never know what is going to happen on the plane (turbulences etc.).

Ten minutes later, I started to squirm a bit because my bladder started to hurt and the need to pee was becoming serious. The patter of rain on the roof of the taxi wasn't helping either.

We reached the airport exactly seven minutes before the scheduled departure, so we had to hurry. We both were half-running to our gate, and all that jolting caused enormous pain inside my abdomen. My bladder was really full now. I slowed down as the check-in came into view because I really couldn't bear the pain inside. Thomas was a bit earlier at the counter and he had both tickets, so by the time I reached him we were ready to move to the security check. Thomas had to pass through security for me and me through the area for women. An older women was getting checked in ahead of me, taking a lot of time about about, so I had to wait.

Now that my legs were not moving anymore, the pain inside my bladder changed into a absolutely desperate urge to pee. I had to concentrate hard not to let it go. I crossed my legs which helped me regain composure.

Then it was my turn. I had to put all my metal things into a box and walked through the metal detector. I really had to pee urgently now and tried hard not to show visible signs of how bad it was. It was hard to take normal steps when all I really wanted to do was perform a pee dance in front of everyone.

As the spasms in my abdomen continued, I stood there with my thighs pressed together, clenching my muscles shut with all my strength. A woman with the metal detector instructed me to stand there with legs apart as she ran the wand over me. I closed my eyes in concentration, fighting hard to hold back my pee. I panicked inside when I felt that my ability to control my body was slipping away more and more.

After the woman had finished with the wand, I pulled up my trousers to decrease the pressure of the waistband. I had been really close to begging her to skip the security check because my need was so urgent, but I forced myself to keep standing there. I was starting to sweat with the effort of holding it, and I hoped this did not look too suspicious to the security personnel.

At last, I was allowed to collect my things from the box. During this, I had my legs tightly crossed to regain control. It was almost impossible not to betray visible signs of how desperate I was to pee, but somehow I managed to hide my predicament. It had been very, very close.

Thomas was waiting for me as I emerged, and we entered the gangway together. I put one hand into my pocket to give my bladder some help because I now had massive problems suppressing the need to let go.

We were greeted by the stewardesses and walked to our seats. Thomas sat down, but I only put my bag onto my seat and walked back towards the front where the toilets were located. Half way there, the stewardess stopped me: "Please Miss, go back to your seat, we will be moving onto the runmay any second.!"

I started to panic but tried to sound as compared as possible :"I understand, but I only wanted to use the toilet." I stood there with my thighs together, my bladder inside trembling.

"I'm sorry, but you have to wait until we are in the air."

"It will not take long, please let me go!" "I can't let you go.."

Some of the people around noticed our conversation and I tried not to make a ful on myself but my need became more uncontrolable every sminute ans so I whispered to her: "I understand, but I really have to go. It's urgent"

"I'm sorry for you, but it will take maybe ten minutes and than you will be allowed to go"

It was pointless arguing with her, so I went back to my seat, doing my best not to look tense, but I definitly was!

Thomas let me in:"Any problems? Seemed the lady and you had different views."

"No, no, everything is alright."

I didn't want to tell my boss that I was desperatly needing to pee, even though although we have a nice buisness relationship. I moved my bag off the seat and into the baggage panel, then sat down. I fastened the belt, extending it enough to avoid placing additional pressure on my bladder. The pressure inside was more than enough to cope with.

It was another three or four minutes before the aircraft actually started to move. I was sitting there with my legs pressed together as hard as possible and doing my best not to squirm, but I was bursting.

"Veronique,"Thomas said."Have you thought about the contract with the company from Spain?"

"Yes, but I don't have the details in mind yet. I'm sorry." I discretelychanged my sitting position because my bladder was cramping so badly now so that it really hurt.

"But I told you to prepare this for the flight, to save time!"

"I have the papers inside my bag."

"Show them to me please"

That meant that I had to stand up but I felt that this would become very difficult at the moment because I had cramps inside. I doubt I could strech up to get the bag without much pain so I searched excuses:

"I would have to stand up and it's not allowed yet. We have to stay with our belts fasten."

He accepted it and I fumbled somehow with my left had down to my waistband to pull it away from my bladder.

"I think we should check the companies references because I don't trust this guy what are you thinking?" he asked me.

"Mhh which guy you mean?" I asked because I hadn't concentrated on that he was saying.

"Did I speak spanish" He thought that was a good joke and laughed "the guy of the spanish company, aren't you listening to me?" "Of course I am, but Thomas I'm feeling a bit sick, please can you give me a break!"

I didn't want to admit that I had to pee so bad what it was distracting me and I hoped he would accept this plea.

He made some comments about fear of flying but than started to read in his documents.

I was about to explode and fearing the moment than the plane would take up speed. The plane was now on the runway and waiting for the permission to take off. I tried to cross my legs but it was not helping.

The plane accelerated and rose into the air, pushing me back into my seat. I felt the pressure inside my abdomen increase, and for a moment I didn't feel my bladder muscles. I was terrified that I would start to wet myself at any second because there was just no feeling between my legs. I was very close to jamming my hands between my legs, but I managed to stop myself. I had to use all my strength and concentration to hold back my pee.

I was now wiggling my legs constantly, trying to keep the movement as discret as possible, but I absolutely had to do it to suppress the need to pee, or I was going to humiliate myself in front of my boss and a plane full of people. My terror at this prospect forced me to overcome my inhibitions for a moment as I gave my crotch a quick squeeze with my right hand. I don't think anyone around me noticed. Then I forced myself to regain my composure, waiting anxiously for the moment when the seatbelt sign light would go off and I could get to the toilet.

The plane started to get buffeted around by turbulence. This was quickly followed by a bong of the annoucement system, and the captain's voice filled the cabin, asking us all to keep out safety belts on for a few more minutes until we climbed above the bad weather. I wanted to scream!

I realized I was now bent forward a little and gripping the arm rests tightly, trying to deal with the bump and sudden changes in pressure. Even the smaller jolt was dangerous to be now. I was almost bursting in my pants.

My need to pee became unbearalbe, and again I was forced to press my right hand between my legs for a second, covering this action with the in-flight magazine. I was now sitting on the right cheak of my butt, my left knee nearly pulled over the right and my left hand on the arm rest to keep balance. I was at the end of my tether.

I pressed the button above my head to summon the stewardess to come, and sat there waiting for her with my body totally frozen. I was afraid that if I moved, I would loose it! I had to go to the lavatory now or everybody around me would realize that I was dying to pee.

The stewardess came and I tried to look more composed not without putting my hand between my legs for a moment. I tried to talk quietly so that only she could hear me, but I now had problems just speaking.

"I have to use the bathroom, how long would it take until the lights are off again?"

"I don't know. Until we are out of the weather. Not very long"

My whole body trembled for a moment becuase I had to make an super effort to hold back the pee and I could see an sympathic glance in her eyes. She must have noticed that I was totally at my limit.

"Please can't you make an exeption? I really have to go so badly."

"I'm sorry Miss", she said again and I felt that couldn't last any longer

"Please, I really need to go. It's really an emergency."

Another sharp urge hit me and I tried hard to fight it back but felt I would fail. I pressed my right hand into my crotch again.

The stewardess hesitated, clearly feeling sympathy for me, but she had her orders to follow. She relented a bit. "I believe you that you are desperate but I have to ask the captain," she said.

I nodded, afraid even to speak now because I knew my voice would sound so tight. I sat waiting gor the stewardess to come back again. It felt like hours. I had to move my knees up and down to fight down the urge to just let go of all the pee pent up inside my swollen bladder. I did my best to make my wiggling movements unremarkable, but I was really about to loose it and didn't really care if anyone saw me now. The humiliation of wiggling around was better than the far worse humiliation of peeing myself.

At last, the stewardess came back and told me that it would be okay for me to use the toilet. This news was so welcome that I nearly lost control. I unbuckled my seat belt and tried to stand. My stomach cramped for holding it for so long. It was going to be a challange just to get to the toilet in time.

I concentrated hard and put my left hand into my groin to help me as I hobbled along the corridor. I couldn't straighten up, and hoped that it was not too obvious that I was bending a little at the waist. But didn't dare to stretch my legs completly because I feared it would make me pee my pants. I walked with my knees slightly bent, a bit like a duck, trying to hurry to the toilet. If anyone was watching me, it must be obvious to them that I was in serious trouble, but I simlpy couldn't walk normally anymore!

I almost fell into the toilet, and hurriedly closed and locked the door behind me. Frantically, I grabbed my crotch with both hands for a moment to regain control before trying to unbutton and pull down my trousers and panties. I had barely moved my clothes out of the way before starting to pee. It came out immediately with enormous force, roaring into the metal toilet. It was such an amazing relief. I could not believe that I had managed not to wet myself. I stayed there for several minutes, stretching my stiff legs and getting my breathing back to normal. It had been a very, vey close thing.

I thought about what had just happend the to me, and in a really perverse way, I actually found myself enjoying what I had just been through. Maybe some day, I would let it happen to me again to see if I could survive it next time without embarrassing myself.

