Untraining
	Julia can't follow an easy order...or is it so easy?
Author: WetMyself

Julia knew she was lucky in her relationship. She knew exactly where she stood at all times. She knew exactly how to act and exactly what Chris wanted, and there was never any ambiguity. She simply did whatever Chris asked of her. Always. She learned early on that disobeying him was not an option. He never hit her or abused her at all. He was simply in charge, her Dom. He took care of her, opened her eyes to that which se never thought she'd enjoy. In the safe haven Chris provided, Julia knew her boyfriend always had her safety, trust, enjoyment, and best interests at heart. It was in this understanding that allowed Julia to do whatever Chris asked of her, without question or quarrel.

Today, for example, they were going to the county fair, something Julia had never done before and wanted to try. Chris seemed ambivalent until the morning they were going. That morning, Chris was excited, and packed a huge bag, rushing Julia to get ready as fast as she could.

When they arrived at the fair, Chris pulled out a bottle of water and handed it to Julia. She had on a pair of white pants, which she hated, but Chris had requested she wear them, along with a pair of light pink bikini panties, so Julia had obliged.

"Drink up, sweetie. You don't want to get dehydrated," Chris said, apparently unworried about getting dehydrated himself.

They walked around the exhibits, pausing at cute animals and tasting food entries. Julia finished her second bottle of water about an hour later, at lunchtime. Chris ordered corn dogs, plus a beer for Julia. She wondered why Chris didn't get a beer, too, but knew better than to ask. When they had finished their lunch, Julia asked politely, "May I use the bathroom?"

"No, you may not," Chris replied. Julia knew better than to press the issue. Chris always had his reasons. "Why don't we go on a ride?" Chris suggested, making his way toward the Zipper, the scariest ride at the fair.

They both loved the ride, and laughed the entire time. But Julia started to really need to pee, and asked again to use the bathroom once the ride had finished. Again, she was denied, and instead was handed over another beer. Chris ordered her to drink the entire pint in less than five minutes. She obeyed, and began to feel the effects of the alcohol. And the beer made her have to pee even more than before. However, Julia knew better than to ask permission again so soon.

They started walking around the art exhibits. Chris handed Julia another bottle of water, "to counteract the beer," he said. Julia drank slowly; the pressure on her bladder was becoming uncomfortable, even painful.

"Honey, why don't we go on that?" Chris pointed to a boat ride called "Lovers' Lane."

"Sure, but may I please use the bathroom first?" Julia asked, pleading now in her voice.

"I've told you three times already. No. Now I don't want to hear anymore about you having to go to the bathroom. What are you, a child? Answer me."

"No, I'm not. I'm sorry. I won't ask anymore." However, Julia was starting to have real problems controlling her bladder. She didn't know how much longer she could hold it in.

They went on the ride, the gentle sounds of the current and water splashing was torture to Julia, and she began holding her crotch in a pathetic effort to keep herself from leaking urine. It wasn't nearly enough, and she began squirming in her seat.

Chris stole a glance at Julia, her desperation giving him a charge. He wondered if she had already leaked a bit, and absentmindedly ran his fingers along his semi-hard cock. It wouldn't be very long now.

As soon as they got off the ride, Julia, dancing around like a five-year-old, began to beg. "Please, Sir! Please, I have to go! Please, let me use the restroom, please?"

People were starting to look. Chris smiled.

"How many times do I have to tell you, woman!?! You're not 5 years old! Just wait! We'll be going home in a few hours and you can go then!"

As soon as Chris said 'a few hours,' a bright yellow spot began to grow at Julia's crotch. She began to cry, and the small spot turned into a large spot, then moved down her legs to form a huge puddle in the dirt at her feet. People were pointing and laughing at Julia's bladder had finally emptied all over and overflowed into her white pants, socks, and even shoes. All her clothing was now almost completely bright yellow from her piss. Julia had started taking vitamins a few months ago at Chris's request, and they turned her urine the bright yellow nobody could mistake.

Still sobbing, Julia let out a sigh of relief and tried to relax a bit. However, that relaxation started the flood all over again. Chris grabbed her hand and began pulling her into the parking lot. Pee was still flowing down Julia's legs, which left a wet trail in the dirt. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I tried...I-I-I- just—it just wouldn't stay in anymore! I couldn't stop it, I tried!" Julia was hysterical now, she had no idea what Chris would do, either to her, or what he might order her to do as a punishment. She knew she was safe with him, but she also knew that she had disobeyed and humiliated him.

Fair-goers were staring at the wet, dirty woman being dragged by a fuming man. There was snickering and whispering. One teenager yelled, "Looks like baby needs a diaper! Baby forgot her morning potty training!" The boy and all his friends burst into laughter.

"You are a baby!" Chris said. "I can't believe you pissed yourself! Don't you know any better? God, it was only a couple more hours! You've been very bad. Luckily, I came prepared. You won't ruin today. I thought something like this might happen. You get so damn excited, is the problem. You pissed yourself! You're a dirty little girl, you know that? Say it!"

"I'm a dirty little girl."

"Again, and louder."

"I'm a dirty little girl!"

"That's right. Dirty baby. Luckily I can clean you up. I brought a change of clothes. But you can forget about big-girl panties. You're wearing a diaper. If you don't have enough common sense to wait until you get to a restroom to piss, you have to be diapered. Can't have you pissing yourself again." Chris marched Julia to an empty part of the parking field. "Lie down," he ordered.

"But I can--"

"No, you can't. If you're going to act like a baby, I'll treat you like a baby. Now, LIE DOWN!"

Julia promptly lay down in the straggly grass and dirt. Chris pulled off her pants and panties in one motion then removed her shoes and socks. Suddenly Julia was half-naked, lying in a public field for anyone to see. Chris pulled out some baby wipes and washed her up, starting at her toes and going all the way up one leg, then repeating the action on her other leg. He was spending a great deal more time than was necessary, however, when it came time to clean Julia's folds. When she began to moan, Chris pulled the wipes away abruptly. Julia whimpered at the loss of contact, but then begged when Chris pulled out a diaper.

"Please Chris, I tried to tell you! Please don't make me wear that! I couldn't help it! It just wouldn't hold in anymore! I didn't do it on purpose, I swear!" Julia had tears running down her face in absolute mortification.

"But baby, that's why you need it. Cuz you couldn't help yourself," Chris was much gentler while explaining this. He spoke as one would to a small child who didn't understand what was best.

Chris spread out the diaper beneath Julia. He gently wiped her bottom once more before placing her on the diaper. Chris then began rubbing her folds lightly until Julia moaned once again. "Mmm, you like that, don't you? You liked being a naughty, dirty little girl. It made you hot. You should feel how wet you are, and it's not from your piss, either...at least, not yet. You are one naughty little girl, getting turned on by being so BAD."

Julia moaned and tried to touch herself, but her hand was abruptly slapped away. Chris was right, in a way. Peeing all over herself had gotten her quite hot. Her feelings of embarrassment and of being a naughty, dirty, helpless woman who completely lost control of her own body made her desperate for relief. She wanted to lose control again, in an orgasm. But Julia knew she would have to wait.

The diaper was big and bulky and had a plastic shell. But before fastening her up, Chris slipped something into Julia's wet pussy. It was cold and round, Julia felt, and she hoped it would be enough to get her off. Chris fastened the diaper tightly and held out a short, tight skirt for Julia to put on. She knew she had no choice. Chris had this all planned out, and she would have to go along.

Julia barely winced as she stood up, knowing that the diaper's loud crunch and obvious bulk. It bulged though the skirt, completely obvious. If she bent over, everyone would see it. She might as well flash a sign saying "Woman in Diaper!"

But Chris obviously wanted that when he lay down Julia's rules for the rest of the afternoon. "For the rest of the day, you won't use the bathroom. You will instead use your diaper, including pooping. But you must tell me before you actually piss or poop. I want to know, so I can watch and maybe feel."

Chris pulled out a remote and the ball inside Julia began to vibrate. She started breathing heavily as they walked back to the fair. Once they were almost there, Chris turned a knob and Julia's breath hitched. There was a desperate ache inside her as the single bullet vibrated on a much higher speed, and it was all she could do to make it to the Zipper only a little behind Chris.

On their second ride, the vibrator inside Julia was turned to the maximum. Julia couldn't take it anymore, and rubbed her clit through the warm dampness of the diaper. She gave a loud shriek and came so hard that she couldn't contain herself. She felt herself explode in the diaper as warm liquid surrounded her. The orgasm that ripped through her was even more all-consuming and disorienting because of the spinning ride.

She realized as she came down from her orgasm that the warm wetness all around her pussy and ass wasn't just from her cumming. She had wet her diaper, completely emptying her bladder without even realizing she had to pee. Julia rubbed herself against the friction of the wet cotton, unable to stop herself. She felt so naughty and dirty...but distinctly turned on, too.

When they exited the ride, Chris detected a waddle in Julia's walk. "Did you wet your diaper, dirty little girl?" he asked in a loud voice, earning a crowd of staring faces locked on Julia. She nodded, looking ashamed. "Why didn't you tell me first?"

"I-I was cumming. And then it just happened. I had no control over it—I didn't even know I had to go potty! I would have told you, I promise! But it happened so hard and unexpected, and I didn't even know I had wet myself till after I was done...."

"Well, since you didn't tell me, you'll have to be punished. I'm not going to give you a clean diaper. You have to walk around in that one till you can learn to follow the rules."

But the rest of the day, Julia couldn't follow the rules. Having a diaper on somehow made her lose control of herself. She didn't realize, or perhaps she had ignored the need to pee until she felt the warmth in the diaper spread around her, making her pussy wet for a very different reason. She soon discovered that the more she drank, the more she wet herself, and thus the more turned-on she was. If Chris noticed this, he didn't let on.

Chris began to notice little trails of pee skating down Julia's legs around the end of the day. To him, it was perfectly clear Julia was using her diaper quite a bit. It was actually overflowing. If she is wetting this much without even asking like she's supposed to, she must have lost control, Chris mused. She may secretly enjoy being wet and diapered and dirty, too. Chris decided to keep Julia in diapers indefinitely. Julia didn't even try to control herself enough to abide by the few rules he gave her. Apparently it was too difficult for her to let him know when she had to wet or soil herself.

Chris informed a rather elated Julia on the trip home that she "will stay diapered until I tell you that you can be a big girl again, and wear big girl undies again.. And I'm not taking any chances with bedtime, either. You will spend every evening and night in diapers. You will tell me if you need to be changed, and will allow me to check your diaper when I want, including each morning. If you wake up dry, you can try wearing big girl pants. But if you can't stay dry even once, you'll be right back in diapers. Am I understood?"

"Yes, sir!" was the reply Julia gave Chris on the way home.

Once back to their apartment, Chris changed Julia's diaper at last, and threw the dripping bundle out. The new one was fastened in an instant, before Julia could have a chance to even complain. Julia loved the feeling of a diaper so much, though, that she hoped she wouldn't have to be free of one ever again. When the morning inspection came, Juila's diaper was wet.
