Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Humiliation, and Sex.
I was shopping at the local supermarket and was packing the goods as they came through the checkout. It was quite a busy time and there was a long queue at each till. When the last items came through, I packed them up and turned to pay the cashier. As I handed over the money I heard someone say "Noooo" in a shrill anguished voice. I looked, and the next lady in line had her hands firmly jammed in her crotch and was doing a frantic pee–pee dance. As I collected my change she seemed to get herself under control. I turned to her and said that I sympathized with her predicament and asked her whether I could help her pack up her shopping. She looked terribly embarrassed but accepted my offer, so as her shopping came through I bagged it for her. She made her payment and accepted her change, and then suddenly she was struggling for control again. She shoved her hand sharply into her crotch and juggled up and down like mad. I put my hand on her shoulder and helped her struggle away, bringing her shopping and mine along too. We just about made it outside the door when she completely lost it and the dark telltale stain appeared on her white trousers. It quickly spread down her legs and then a river seemed to flow straight through the now dark saturated fabric, making a noise like a waterfall, attracting the gaze of everyone around. Some looked disgusted, whilst others looked sympathetic. I put my arm round her shoulder and pulled her towards me to shield her from seeing the stares and looks of disgust. She was trembling and sobbing with embarrassment. I asked her where she had parked her car, but she replied that she was traveling on the bus.
"Well, you can't go home on the bus in this state," I responded, "How far have you to go?" She told me that she lived right across on the other side of town, so I offered to give her a lift home, or alternatively, as I lived nearer, for her to come back to my place and clean up. She gratefully accepted the latter offer, so we went to my car, where I put some travel rugs on the seat so she could sit down without staining the upholstery. I tried to make light conversation during the short journey, but Julie was still embarrassed and still looked a bit distressed. We exited the car and just inside my front door her hands shot down to her crotch and another river of pee streamed out. As she started sobbing I pulled her to me and held her in a comforting embrace.
When she had finished she said, "Now look at what I've done, you look as though you've pissed yourself, too. Oh my goodness, how terrible, you have been so kind and helpful and look at how I repay you. I have pissed all down your trousers and left a puddle on the floor of your hall." And then she started sobbing again.
I led her into the kitchen and sat her down on a wooden dining chair. I told her it was OK, and that accidents do happen sometime and she really should not worry, I offered to run her a warm bath, and she accepted. I put the kettle on to make us some hot tea and then started the bath running. When I returned, Julie had calmed down a bit and we chatted as she drank her tea. She confessed that she frequently took herself to the brink of pissing her knickers because she loved the thrill and sensation of a full bladder, however this was the first time she had gone over the edge in a public place and was mad at herself for misjudging it so badly. She said how aroused it made her feel and while we were talking she was gently rubbing herself through her wet clothes. Naturally by now I had a raging hard on and I admitted that I had found the whole thing very arousing myself.
Without further discussion we both hastened to strip of and hurried to the bathroom. After a good warm bath together, we dried each other off and moved, naked, to the lounge. I got out some wine and a couple of glasses and we sat embracing each other and chatting about the fantastic sensations we had just experienced. We agreed to do it again, so we drank and drank until we were both bursting again. We held each other tight in a firm embrace and we let go together, pissing all over each other carefree. Then I gently penetrated her and we had fantastic sex, and then we laid back enjoying each other's attention.
Finally we bathed again and I found Julie some dry clothes and then drove her home, She is now a regular visitor to my home and she often comes through the front door in a state of desperation. I often think how fortunate I am to have been in that supermarket queue at just the right time.
By: Gopher