The Sergeant's Wife & The General's (part 1)

by Francine

Chapter 1

The two women had not before met, but as travelers will, they had struck up a conversation while finding themselves in adjoining seats on the long flight to Honolulu. They discovered they had a bit in common; both going to have a bit of time with their husbands who were returning to Hawaii on leave, for a bit of rest and relaxation after duty tours in the Far East.

Wanda, the younger, was a young mother, having left her four year old daughter in the care of her family while she would be away for a few days with her husband. 

"First time I've left her," Wanda observed with a mother's concern, "But she'll be in good hands - my Mom will take good care of her until I get back!"

"I know," the older woman seated next to her replied. "I've been on the other side of it- I was just in Kansas staying with my own daughter's two sons - and they can be a handful!"

"I'm really looking forward to this," Wanda went on, "my first time in Hawaii. Jim's been away ten months. It's going to be great to see him - sort of like a honeymoon - in a hotel for three days, just the two of us. Louise - you said that was your name? Has your man been away long?" 

"A year. But I was able to be with him in Japan a few months ago. I had to fly home to attend to some family business. I'm not sure he will be there when I get to Hawaii, but he has a hotel arranged and I can stay until he arrives. He thought he might be delayed."

"Sounds like you're used to this. Has your man been in service long? My Jim is just completing his enlistment, but he's signing up again. Gee, it's going to be good to see him! I am really excited --- and ready!" 

She blushed a bit at what she had just said. Louise gave her a quick smile, and laughed just a bit. "Don't be embarrassed - I know what you mean! I'm not that old, though I have a few years on you. You said your husband was an army sergeant? He may find the military a good career."

"He may, but it would take some getting used to - all these long separations. I'm not sure I could take it. It's OK when he's somewhere that I can be, too."

"Yes, it can be difficult," Louise went on, "but it can be a good life. I've had it for almost thirty years. I married Alan just after he got his commission. We have been all over the country and, in fact, all over the world. The hardest part for me is never having a place to call a permanent home."

"Would you want your husband to enlist again, when the time comes?"

"Wanda, in my case, he doesn't exactly enlist. This is his career. He'll be in it until he retires."

"He must love it. My guy is in communications - you know, radar and radio and such. He likes it, too. But I think he could use his experience in civilian life, too. What does your man do?"

"Most recently, they called him a base commander. He's getting a new assignment. We don't discuss it."

Wanda's eyes widened. "Gee. I understand - I know there are security issues. Your man you said had a commission. By now he must be up in rank - is he a colonel or something like that?"

"Actually, Wanda, he wears two stars. He's a major general. Once he lost one fixing his jacket for the cleaners, and I kidded him that he'd been demoted! But I think your mind is on other things right now. You're looking for a romantic time, aren't you? I'll tell you a secret that's not classified." She leaned over and whispered to Wanda, "So am I. When you've been apart a long time, it's normal. I'm hoping to invent ways to give my man a romantic surprise, too- but in my case, I don't really know just when he'll show up!"

The two women exchanged a bit of laughter over their shared thoughts. 

Soon, the airplane was descending for its arrival. Wanda turned to Louise. "It won't be long for me now. Sorry you will still have to wait for your guy, but mine should be there. Guess I'd better get ready. Excuse me, I'd best run to the lavatory!"

"Too late, Wanda. The seat belt sign is on," Louise pointed out.

"Oh. Well, I guess I can wait - if it isn't too long. We'll be on the ground soon."

Their flight was soon on the ground and they deplaned. "Is your man meeting you?" Louise asked.

"No," Wanda answered. "He said he couldn't - said to take the bus to the hotel, and he'd see me there. We're going to the same place - can we go together?"

"Of course. I've done this before. I'll show you where to get the bus."

Just as they entered the baggage claim area, an announcement was made. "Louise Hawthorn, please contact the airline baggage office!"

"Oh, that's me. Look for your bag while I see what they want. I should be back quickly!"

Wanda saw her one suitcase and picked it up while Louise was away. She waited. In a few minutes Louise was back.

"Bad news, for me at least," she began. "My suitcase didn't make the last connection. They found it at the wrong airport and called ahead to tell me. They were very apologetic, and I gave them the hotel information. They'll have my bag sent to the hotel when it arrives. Well," she shrugged with a smile, "At least I don't have to carry it! I see you have yours, so let's go!" 

They found the bus. Louise gave the proper directions, and they were on their way.

"Anxious?" she asked Wanda, as they rode.

"You bet. Well, not just to see Jim, but I really need a bathroom break. I should have gone on the airplane, before the light came on!"

"You'll be there soon. When you see Jim, other things won't seem important!" She laughed again.

"Right now, it's pretty important! Oh, well."

They dismounted at their hotel and moved to Reception.

"Afternoon, ladies. If you will just sign in--"

Wanda interrupted. "I don't think I need to register. My husband should already be here - James Admore - Sergeant James Admore?"

The clerk checked. "Why, yes, he's here. He should be in the room, too. Shall I call him?"

"No," Wanda eagerly responded. "I'd like to surprise him. I just have this little suitcase - I'll carry it. Where's the lift?"

The clerk pointed it out. She waved farewell to Louise and ran off in haste, her suitcase in her hand.

"Ah, young love!" The clerk spoke knowingly to Louise. "Two people are in for a romantic moment! Let's see, haven't I seen you before? Of course - you're Louise Hawthorne, aren't you?"

"I am indeed. I don't think the general will be here yet."

"No, ma'am, he isn't. But we have your room ready - top floor. You could almost call it the honeymoon suite. Shall I send up your bag?"

"I can save you the trouble. There was a bit of a mishandling, and the airline will deliver it here when it comes. You can send it up then.. But right now I think I will just go up by myself - I won't be in as big a hurry as she was - my romantic moment is yet to come!"

Louise headed for her room.

Nine floors up, Wanda arrived at the room she sought. She hesitated just a second, then knocked on the door.

In seconds, it opened. She found herself grasped in a familiar grip, embraced by her awaiting spouse. After only a few words of greeting, her took her suitcase. He placed at in a corner, behind a clothes rack.

"You won't have much need for this," he told her.

"But, Jim, all my clothes are in it. I will need to unpack."

"Clothes, my dear bride, are something you won't need for the next three days. I've seen enough of your clothes - now, I want to see just you! For the next couple of days, you don't need to wear a stitch!" For emphasis, he started to unbutton her blouse.

She offered no resistance. She even helped, kicking off her shoes. "Jim, before this goes too far, I need to use the bathroom- "

He seemed not to hear her. He was busy removing her clothes. 

"Jim - did you hear me? I need just a minute - I've got to pee!"

As she stepped out of her pants and underwear, he was unfastening his own shirt. He stopped long enough to scoop up her clothes and pile them on the rack.

She started to move toward the bathroom, unfastening her bra as she went. He pulled her back.

"That can wait. We have important things to do!"

"Jim - I need to pee! Awful bad- I have to!"

"When did you last pee?"

"Oh, it was hours ago- just before I got on the flight. I need to-"

He smothered her mouth with his kiss. "When did we last make love?" he asked her.

"It's been months -- "

"So, peeing can wait. We've waited longer for this!"

She gave up, her raging hormones defeating the insistent call from her distended bladder. Both of them were now unclothed, and he moved her toward the waiting bed. Before she could recline herself on it, she felt his hands grasping her breasts, his lips on hers. In a moment one hand reached down to her groin, exploring, pressing.

Just as her hand found his rigid penis, she felt him press on her belly. She winced a bit, jerking slightly. "Watch it - I really am full down there! The pressure's hard to take-"

She said no more. In seconds his body was on hers, his organ penetrating her, loosing long restrained passion. She received him eagerly, moving herself in response. At first the discomfort of her swollen bladder was accentuated by the added pressure upon it; in reaction she squeezed her sphincters tighter, grasping his moving erection in the process. Then the hurt suddenly diminished, replaced by a familiar but long postponed sensation. Now it no longer hurt, and she was hardly aware of it. For a minute or two their bodies moved together in an accelerating rhythm, then culminating in a series of spasms and moans as jointly they reached their climactic moment.

Breathing heavily, they lay together in an exhausted embrace, silent. Gradually she became aware of the physical need in her lower belly, as her bladder insisted on relief. She squirmed a bit, then moved to leave the bed. "Jim, I do have to pee- I've got to get up; I'll be back in a minute!"

She extracted herself from his embrace, and put her feet on the floor. She walked to the bathroom, where she found the toilet and seated herself.

Her stream had barely started when she saw Jim standing in front of her. He had arisen and followed her, she perceived.

"Always liked to watch you pee!" he commented, looking down at the stream pouring from her. 

"As you can see, I really needed to --"

"Did being so full give you that grip I felt? We've got to do this again!"

She looked at him, watching her urination. His erection had returned, and his penis was extending stiffly in front of him. He was having the fastest recovery she had ever observed.

"Wanda, stop it! Now. I want you again- it's been so long!"

He grasped her by the nipples, pulling her off the toilet.

"Jim - not yet- I'm not finished!" she protested, a bit weakly, as she squeezed her muscles to stop her stream. Though relieved a little, her bladder still felt very full.

"Let me finish?" she implored him, not really expecting him to agree. She managed to shut off her stream, her bladder protesting strongly.

He again laid her on the bed, his lips again at her nipples, but only for a moment. Quickly he entered her, one hand managing to tug at her erect nipple. His motions became frantic. Once more she felt the feeling of an overly full bladder disappear, somehow submerged in a crescendo of other sensations. Soon she exploded into her second orgasm within a few minutes, while he continued to move vigorously within her. He was a bit behind her this time, but then he reached his own summit of release, and his activity abruptly stopped.

Exhausted and drained of energy, they fell apart. Again, she shortly felt her body cry for urinary relief, but she chose to ignore it for a few minutes, forcing a bit of martyrdom on her complaining bladder. 

After perhaps half an hour, she rose quietly and headed for the bathroom. Jim's eyes followed her. 

"Not this time," she softly told him, then added, "I'll invite you to watch me pee later!" She blew him a kiss as she entered the bathroom. She sat on the toilet again, this time allowing her bladder to empty. Then she returned to the bed, where her spouse lay, naked and on his back. She positioned herself next to him. After a minute, she took his hand and laid it on her breast. Her hand slipped down, finding his now flaccid penis, gripping it gently.

They were soon asleep.

