A Quite Large Lady (part 3)

by Francine

Chapter 3: Again With a Twist

Jack decided it was his turn to make the next contact. He did not do it for a few days, still uncertain how to approach this lady, not sure if their association was really romantic, or just some odd kind of adventure.

Still, he told none of his friends about Mary. He could not conceive of a rational way to present her, that wouldn't seem strange or at least inappropriate. Here was a lady physically bigger, well at least heavier, than he was, talented, artistic, educated, and yet her most widely acclaimed public accomplishment seemed to be her ability to hold a huge amount of beer, a beverage she openly insisted she disliked.

After about a week he did call her, at her home, in the evening. Their conversation was casual, and never touched on her peeing episodes. He explored a possible outing to a beach with her, but was rebuffed quickly. ("Me? At a beach? In a bathing suit? Really! Are you trying to put me in side show?")

He decided places that called for abbreviated attire were not on her list as acceptable. He promised to call her again.

A few days later he did. His invitation was to a Saturday afternoon theatre performance by a local company, to be followed by dinner at a place he would choose - and, he added, he would pay this time. He was insistent. Moreover, he wanted to pick her up at her place and return her home. He was insistent on this, too. She hesitated, but then yielded. He had a date.

He arrived a bit after noon. He had expected to go up to her apartment, but she was waiting downstairs. She was nicely dressed, again in a skirt and blouse. He opened the door for her, and she seated herself in his car.

They drove the fairly long distance to the theatre, reminiscing a bit about their earlier outings but mostly exchanging views on the events of the day.

The performance was a current comedy, which she seemed to enjoy. It let out a bit after four thirty. As they walked to exit, he excused himself and slipped away to the gentlemen's room. He returned to her a few minutes later, to find her in exactly the same spot. Jokingly, he observed, "I forgot - you never use the facilities, do you?" 

She smiled and answered easily, "Oh, yes. But only at certain times!"

No more was said of it for a time.

They went for dinner, and this time he was prepared for her generous appetite. She declined the beer, but settled for a bit of wine with her dinner.

Filled and refreshed, they lingered over their coffee.

Turning just a bit solemn, he abruptly asked her, "I was surprised you let me pick you up at your place today. I had a feeling you didn't want me going there. I don't embarrass you, do I?"

"No, of course not. I live alone, as you know. No one cares what company I keep, except of course, me. And I do try to be careful. At first I was unsure if I could trust you. Now, you know, I am a bit of novice at this. I may be thirty one, but I haven't dated anyone in ten years. In fact, I rarely dated in high school or college. You know, not many boys want to be seen with a fat girl. Are you comfortable with me?"

"Not when you keep calling yourself fat. You ought to be emphasizing your good qualities, and not drawing attention to what you weigh. No, I am not uncomfortable with you."

"When you invited me to a beach," she went on, "I declined as much for you as for me. You would never hear the end of the teasing you would get, after people saw me with you and both of us in beach attire. You know I always wear skirts - women my size look even worse in pants. I'm always looking for something I'd look better in, but there isn't much!"

"I've seen you in several outfits - you do OK. I wouldn't care if you were like the gals in the picture gallery - clothes don't make you what you are."

"You mean the nudes? I still say, if a man saw me that way he'd throw up."

"I wouldn't."

She eyed him, but let it pass.

After a bit, she added, "Jack, yes, I trust you, but I had to learn to know you. I don't have much experience with men. Now, I'm not gay, or anything like that, but, there just haven't been men in my life - not as close friends, anyway. So I was a little careful about letting you come to my place."

There was a bit of silence. Then she went on.

"Jack, I'm a virgin. That's right, a thirty-one year old, two hundred forty pound virgin. I don't want to change that. Not yet, anyway, I'm not ready. So we need to agree that nothing we do will change that now. Is that OK with you?"

"No problem. You're not looking for sex, so I get the picture. I respect that."

After his response, her face became a bit brighter.

"I didn't, of course, say I have no interest in sexual matters. You have probably observed that."

"You didn't seem to mind peeing in front of me!" he noted.

She smiled, looking into her empty coffee cup. 

"Yes. The first time I was surprised you were so interested in watching me. Then I decided I liked doing it in front of you. Did I shock you?"

"A bit. I was sure surprised."

"Your surprise showed. I saw the bulge in your pants. I suppose that is a normal male reaction?"

Now it was his turn to be embarrassed. He really didn't know how to talk about this with a woman.

"I suppose. A guy just gets hard when a girl does something stimulating. You can't really help it!"

"Stimulating - like peeing in front of you?" 

"Yeah. Obviously. OK, it was mighty stimulating to watch you. But, when you first asked me to feel your bladder- "

"You found that stimulating, too?"

"I have a big bladder. I guess you've noticed. Usually, I don't hold it all day. But when I want to feel a bit, well, stimulating as you say, I do hold it. That's what I did the other day. I was pretty worked up holding it, and then having you watch me! Oh- I liked it, too!"

"Is your bladder full now?" he asked, feeling rather brazen.

"Yes. But not nearly as full as I can hold it. Do I seem stimulating?"

"Do I get a show again tonight?"

"Depends," she answered. "We agreed to the limits - nothing heavy, right?"

"You're a virgin and you want to stay that way. I agreed. You can trust me."

"Then," she asked, "what kind of a show do I get?"

He gave her a perplexed look.

She repeated, rather insistently, "What kind of a show do I get?"

"What do you mean?" he asked her plainly.

"Just this. I've peed in front of you several times, even let you see my bottom while I was doing it. Have you ever peed in front of me?" 

"Do you want me too?"

She straightened herself up and sat back in her seat.

"Jack," she started, her voice almost shaking, a tear showing in one eye. "Don't you think women like to look at men - like you looked at the pictures of those nude women? I could see the bulge in your pants when you watched me pee. It made me feel good to know that I had that effect on you. But I could only imagine what was behind that bulge! Sure, I've seen lots of pictures, and some children, but here I am, over thirty years old, and I have never seen a real male sex organ, except sometimes off in the distance! I bet you don't believe me!"

This woman continued to shock him. He pondered her statement, guessing where she was going with this.

She didn't wait for him. She went on.

"Did you ever engage in a show party when you were a kid?" 

"Show party? Oh, you mean when boys and girls get together and sort of expose themselves to each other - taking off their pants and exchanging anatomical views?"

"Exactly. I was called fatty. I didn't have a boy friend, and no boy wanted to get in that kind of situation with me. I can understand it - that's why I realize my body is not really very pretty to look at. But you do like to see me pee, don't you?"

"Mary, I have told you, you do it beautifully. But I don't think your body is repulsive, either."

She smiled a bit, now leaning toward him.

"Jack, you're probably going to think this is childish. Maybe it is. I'll pee in front of you tonight, again; in fact, I'm saving up for it now. But I want you to pee in front of me, too; and let me see that part of you that does the peeing. You know my limits - I don't want to get into full blown sex, but I do have sexual feelings; I'm certainly not gay, and you are the only man I've found that I felt I could share this with."

"You'd like a show party, then? With me?"

"If you want to call it that. We agreed to the limits, you know."

"Right" he replied. "But a show party means not only do you pee in front of me, but I get to see you without any clothes on? Within the limits, likewise?"

"You want to look at me that way? Do you really have that strong a stomach?"

"I told you, Mary, I don't think your body is repulsive. Only you think so. Let me be the judge. I'll show you, then you show me, just like little kids do. OK?"

She thought for a moment. Then she extended her hand. "OK. Deal. When you take me home from here, at my place. Right?"

"Right!" he replied, taking her hand firmly.

"And, Jack, this is just between us. No talking to anyone else- fair enough?"

"Fair enough!" he responded enthusiastically.

In his mind he was confused. He had the feeling that he had just closed a business deal with a handshake, not a kiss, but he had thought this was some kind of a romantic affair. He still hadn't figured her out, but he wasn't going to back out. Not now.

With little conversation they settled the bill and left the restaurant. They got into his car for the drive to her apartment.

They talked little during the drive. Mostly they just exchanged smiles.

As they approached her neighborhood, Jack broke what seemed an awkward silence.

"Mary, I'm going to like the deal we made. I promise to respect your limits, and I promise again that it is just between us. I feel like high school kid, again, doing something maybe just a little naughty. I'm going to love it. Thanks!"

"Don't thank me, Jack. We have a deal. You have a part to play, too!"

They parked outside her building and locked the car. It was still early evening. Few people were about. They went up the stairs to her door on the second floor.

She took out her key and opened the door. He followed her in.

The condo was modest; a bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, dining area, and a living area. He saw a TV, a computer, and an assortment of books. She either wasn't a fastidious housekeeper or wasn't expecting company, for there was considerable disorder. She apologized for the mess, adding, "I live here. Just me. I don't fix it up for others. Just don't have many guests."

Obviously she didn't have male guests, or, at least there were o signs of such. The few pictures around were of women. Books were on subjects of art, accounting, and business. She directed him to a seat, and offered him a drink. 

"No beer. I don't like it, you know. I don't want you drunk, either - you need to be in shape to get home, and I don't want you forgetting our deal. Soft drink or coffee?"

He settled for a soda.

They sat across from each other at the little dining table. She also had soda.

"Filling your bladder for the show?" he asked, a bit amused.

"I'm working on it. How about yours?"

"It's feeling the effects of the wine and coffee at dinner. I can manage."

Now it was she who smiled at him. She took his hand and squeezed it.

Next, she took a large jug of cold water from the refrigerator. From it she poured herself a large glass. She began to drink it. "Topping off for what I will do later," she observed.

In silence she emptied the large glass. Then with obvious anticipation, she refilled the glass and turned to him.

"I'm looking forward to this, Jack. Shall we begin? You need to be first!"

"We don't do it together?"

She shook her head. "First, I'm the spectator. Then I'll do what you wanted. Are you ready?"

He really wasn't sure he was. She asked him to stand up.

"I don't see your pants bulging. Sure you're in the mood?" she asked.

"Oh, I will be. Or do you want to show me something stimulating first?"

"Like feeling my bladder?"

She stood in front of him, and raised her skirt to display her belly, covered by her large cotton panties. He reached out a hand and touched her lower belly. He could feel her bladder, not as hard as she had felt before, but full enough to be felt.

"Not full enough for you? It will be!" She gulped from her water glass while his fingers poked at her belly. As she finished the glass, she looked downward, casting her eyes on the front of his pants. She smiled, and told him "That's enough. Now it's time for you to do the showing."

He sat down, and began to remove his shoes. "These pants don't come off easily over shoes," he commented.

"Take your time, Jack," Mary answered, watching every move.

In bare feet, he stood and unbuttoned his shirt. Under it, he wore a T-shirt, which he then pulled off.

Facing her, he unfastened his pants, and dropped them.

Wide-eyed, she stared at his bulging erection pushing out a big tent in his underwear.

Conscious that he was even blushing bit, he dropped the underwear, forcing himself to stand before her, now naked. 

He felt very self-conscious, standing totally naked in front of this fully clothed and intensely interested woman. His penis stood stiffly at attention, extending straight out in front of him. 

Mary looked him over quickly, then focused on his stiff and erect organ.

"May I touch it?" she asked politely.

"Sure. If you want to." he responded, not knowing what else to say.

Very gently she placed her fingers on his erect organ. She moved it slightly, then lifted it and looked at the underside. She ran her fingers gently over his scrotum, feeling his testicles gently. She squeezed the tip slightly, causing the urethra to open a bit. Her interest was intense.

"You know, I never had the chance to do this before. I'm not hurting you, am I?"

"No. You can feel it if you want." He was feeling the effects of her handling, though she was so gentle it was not at all as though she was masturbating him.

"The pee comes out here. Right?" she asked, her fingers at his urethra. It seemed to him her knowledge of male anatomy must be abysmal. "Yes," he replied.

"And you've got lots?" she asked. Her hand moved to his lower belly, as she pressed over his bladder.

He winced noticeably. "Yeah. Lots. Coffee, wine, and now soda. Saved up since the show."

"Bet mine's got a lot more in it. Anyway, I'm still filling it. Well, we'll see." She went on with her examination.

She went back to his penis. She didn't pull it, she twisted it, just a bit. She moved it up and down, in various directions. She seemed in no hurry.

Finally, she seemed satisfied.

"Ready to pee for me now?" she asked.

He nodded, wondering how he was going to do it with the erection he had, and with the stimulation of her watching him.

She motioned for him to go into the bathroom with her.

She looked at the toilet, then suggested, "I think it would be better if you use the shower stall. We can wash it out after." 

He entered the shower stall, facing the wall, She stood at the open glass door, watching intently.

He tried to release his bladder. With his erection, he was unable to make it release. He tried to relax.

Mary, enjoying every second, stood watching. He explained, "When it's that erect, it may take a while- it's hard to pee where you're hard!"

"Take your time!" Mary replied quite willing to wait and watch.

It seemed several minutes passed. Eventually his erection subsided slightly and a small stream emerged. It grew stronger. Mary stared, transfixed, missing nothing. The stream struck the wall and splattered a bit. After a time, Mary reached out and, very gently, took his penis in her hand while he urinated. She moved it slightly, moving the stream. She looked at him and smiled. 

"I like this!" she said.

She kept her hand on him until his stream stopped. She gave him a minute to relax, then asked, "Is that all?"

"Didn't you get enough of a show?" he asked.

She led him from the shower. She turned on the spray, and allowed the water to wash away the effects of his urination.

"Enough?" he asked. "Is it your turn now?" 

"You did great. I loved every second. Yes, you can get dressed now. I guess it's time for Act Two."

Surprisingly, she seemed wanting to make no preparations. They went back to the little dining area, where he had left his clothes. She sat down and watched him dress.

"Aren't you going to get ready?" he inquired.

"I am. My kidneys are still working on the water. I want my bladder as full as I can get it for the show I'm giving you."

"I mean your clothes. It's your turn, isn't it?"

"I'm waiting for you to finish. I am not going to miss anything. Anyway, are you sure you want me to?"

"Are you getting cold feet, Mary? We made a deal, remember?"

She seemed a bit nervous. "You have great body - why should you be upset? I think you're going to get sick when you look at mine. Really, I don't show it to anybody!"

"You promised, Mary. You promised to show it to me. Don't back out now!"

She sat until he had finished dressing. Then, following his example, she started taking off her shoes. She wasn't wearing stockings, so with her shoes off her feet were bare. She stood and unbuckled the belt of her skirt.

"You said you wouldn't get sick, but, really, do you promise not to laugh?" Her question was serious, and Jack could see she was almost in tears.

"I promise. No laughing."

Very reluctantly, she undid her blouse and removed it. Beneath it she had on a heavy while bra, industrial strength type, supporting her enormous breasts. Jack could see her shed tears as she slipped off the blouse. Then she unfastened the skirt, and stepped out of it. She had on a half slip of what must have been an extra large size. 

Before taking off the half slip, she reached under it and pulled down her underpants, stepping out of them.

Then she stood, almost shaking, in front of Jack. Thy were under a strong light, and every part of her body was illuminated. She had on only the bra and half slip. Her body size was evident. Her breasts were heavily sagging into the bra, and her belly bulged under the waist band of the half slip.

He could see the distress she was feeling. He knew she wasn't beautiful, but she really wasn't ugly, either. Her skin was showing no marks or blemishes, and despite the abundance of flesh, she was quite well groomed.

"No laughing?" She reminded him, one more time.

She unhooked the bra and dropped it. Her breasts immediately fell, two great heaps of flesh, tipped with nipples that he noticed were stiffly erect, though aimed downward with the sag.

She removed the half slip. Now she stood, her eyes red and tearful, her hands clasped behind her back as she showed her full frontal nudity to him.

"I'm not laughing, Mary. You really don't look as bad as you think. I'm not sick, either."

He was tempted to take her into an embrace and comfort her with a kiss, but he was fearful of disturbing the rather businesslike atmosphere they had created. He didn't want her to think he might violate her limits.

"Go ahead, Jack. Feel anything you'd like. You let me do it to you. Or are you so disgusted with what you see that you can't bear to touch?" There was sarcasm in her voice.

It was a strange invitation. He was fearful of being too aggressive, yet if he did not handle her body she was going to feel insulted.

He reached up and gently touched a bare breast. He ran his fingers over it, then tweaked the nipple. She winced, visibly.

"Did I hurt you?" he asked.

"No. Just a new sensation for me. You can do it again."

He did. Then he touched the other nipple. Both were rigidly erect. He decided to inject a bit of humor.

"Looks like you have an erection problem, too. Just like I did!"

"I know. You just never saw it before. Happened when I peed in front of you, too!"

Now she was sharing, perhaps relaxed a bit. That was good.

His hands ran over her body. He raised and lowered her ample breasts, moving them a bit, lifting them and looking beneath them.

He ran his hands over her belly. She had a bulging paunch, and he pinched the flesh gently. His hands moved to her lower belly. He pressed on her bladder. He could feel it, harder now, and quite swollen. His hands roamed around to her buttocks.

He returned to her breasts, gently palpating the great mounds of flesh. He tugged gently again at a nipple. She gasped slightly.

"I am hurting you, aren't I?" he asked, rather apologetically.

"No. Go ahead - pull on them." She placed her hands clasped behind her head, leaving her body unobstructed to his touch. Gently he tugged again at an erect nipple. He was amazed at the length of her nipples - they stuck out like rods, ready to poke at something.

"How do you hide those under your clothes?" he asked her.

"How do you hide your erection? It's a lot bigger than mine!"

"Touche," he replied, now tugging both nipples at once. She closed her eyes and held her breath.

"Pull them -hard!" she instructed, more of a command than a request.

He complied. Her huge breasts were stretched away from her chest by the tension. Her eyes closed and she bit her lip in response to the sensation.

She spread her legs, inviting his attention to her crotch. He slipped his hand to her genitals. Stroking the lips lightly. He pulled on a few of her pubic hairs. She stood, unmoving, with her hands still behind her head, absorbing the sensation.

After a couple of minutes, she dropped her hands, and used them to hold apart her genital lips. "Can you see where the pee comes out?" she asked, inviting his inspection.

He bent over and looked closely at her widely spread genital area. Never before had he been invited to make so close an examination of female genitalia. Gently he extended his hand and touched her between the spread lips.

"Not sure," he informed her, "it's hard to see."

"Just keeping touching it, please-" Now her voice was pleading, not commanding. He let his fingers wander around in her most private area. He touched a small swollen protuberance, and she jerked and gasped. He withdrew his hand.

"No - don't. You can feel it!" With one hand she pulled his fingers back to the area he had touched.

He stroked her gently. Suddenly she stopped him.

"OK - I think my kidneys have done their work. Time to water the shower stall."

She led him into the shower stall. She stood, legs spread widely, facing him, then raised her hands over her head.

Her belly jiggled as she moved, and it was hard to discern whether the bulge in lower belly was her distended bladder or just her paunch. 

"Now - please - can you spread me open and rub inside?"

He spread her vulva and stroked between the lips. He could feel her engorged clit and squeezed it gently. He rubbed the area. He felt her body tense and quiver.

Suddenly there was a jerk as her muscles contracted in a powerful spasm. She cried out slightly in a vocal expression that was part pain, part pleasure. Her breathing came in jerks. Immediately a stream began to gush from her.

He withdrew his hand and watched, a bit in awe, as her huge bladder emptied in front of him. She simply stood there, immobile, her breathing returning to normal as a huge stream came out of her. She began to relax, and looked in his eyes while her urine flowed voluminously to the floor of the stall.

"Satisfied?" she asked him.

"Were you?" he replied, sensing what she had experienced.

"I promised you a good show. Do you like the waterworks?" Her stream was still pouring from her.

"Like I say, you pee beautifully!"

"Really now, did you mind touching me?"

"Loved it - you have--"

She interrupted him. "I do not have a beautiful body. But it was nice to have someone touch it who could at least conceal his disgust. I hope the water show makes up for what you had to look at on the rest of me!"

Her stream was slowing down.

"If you want a final close up look, you'd better take it now. The tank's getting empty."

He took a close look at her spurting genital area, convinced that she expected it. Finally her stream ended.

"Back up a bit," she told him. She turned on the shower water and rinsed herself off and flushed out the stall. Then she stepped from the shower, reached for a towel and started to dry herself. Suddenly she stopped. "Would you rather?" she asked, offering him the towel. "You really don't have to."

He took the towel and she stood on the small mat, raising her arms over her head. Carefully he dried her body, paying special attention to her breasts and her pubic area. When he had finished, she took the towel and hung it up.

They stepped into the little dining area, and she reached for a robe hanging nearby and slipped it over her body.

"Thanks," she said, extending her hand. "You made a good show - and I loved it."

A handshake didn't seem the appropriate way to end the evening, but here it was. They talked for a few minutes, and he perceived that she was signaling the end of the evening. He rose and went to the door. 

Her hand was extended again. "Really, I did have a great time. Thanks for coming!"

He was half way out the door when she added, "And thanks for looking. I needed that!"

The door closed and he went down to his car.

Again he faced the dilemma of the next move. Would he call her? What could follow this?

A strange lady. A big lady, indeed. He pondered his strange fascination.

END

