Tricked into Treats
	A "naughty school girl" is exposed to all kinds of new things.
Author: CocoPhoenix13

The moment after Elizabeth had called her, Jessie felt a crushing disappointment. Elizabeth's parties were always a blast, and Jessie had been seconds away from beginning to get dressed. She stared at her costume hanging on her bathroom door, looking droopy and sad where moments ago it had looked sexy and exciting. Elizabeth had food poisoning, which of course meant no party.

Jessie went back into her living room and collapsed on the couch, all the wind knocked out of her sails. She peeled open a mini Twix bar and shoved it into her mouth. Seconds later someone knocked at the door, but she ignored it, knowing trick-or-treaters would be more scared by her appearance in her pajamas than they would be by a witch or goblin.

"What am I going to do now?" she asked her empty living room.

Another knock sounded, harder this time. "Jessie, open up! I know you're home; Elizabeth called!"

Jessie smiled and went to let Megan in. Her friend was in a long black leotard, her hair pinned up in rollers. "What's up?" she asked, looking Megan up and down. "Interesting ensemble."

Megan rolled her eyes. "Thanks. Get dressed. We're going to the hotel."

A thrill of excitement rippled down Jessie's spine. "I can't afford that!" she protested, hoping against hope her friend had some foolproof plan.

"Jason gave me his tickets. He and his wife opted to stay in and try to make a baby," she explained, wiggling her eyebrows.

Jessie laughed. "You're kidding! Did you poison Elizabeth's food too?"

Megan glared at her. "Of course not. Just some epic timing."

"Just kidding, Meg. Thanks for asking me."

"Who else would I take? You're my only single friend, and besides that fact, you need to get laid really badly."

Jessie shook her head, her friend's bluntness barely causing waves. Her mood on the up again, she went into her bathroom. Megan followed behind and immediately stripped out of the leotard, exposing a beautiful black and pink bra and panty set. She crowded against the counter and set to work on her makeup, not giving Jessie a second glance. Smiling to herself, Jessie joined her, pulling her hair into a messy high ponytail before starting on her own makeup.

She waited until her friend was shimmying into her own outfit before she took hers off the door. The short red plaid skirt went on first, followed by the see-through white button-up. She left the buttons undone to her navel, her red lace bra peeking through seductively. She tied the tails together where the only button closed. The thigh-highs were her favorite part. She pulled them on carefully, aiming to keep the small red bows in the middle of her legs. She attached each one to a thin white garter belt and slipped into her black platform Mary Jane high heels. She stood back to admire herself, heat instantly pooling between her legs. You know you look sexy when you turn yourself on, she thought.

As a final thought, she added a plaid ribbon to her pony and silver hoops to her ears. She left her neck unadorned, wanting the focus on the playful bra.

"Damn, Gina," Megan said, giving Jessie an "OK" sign, "you look fine!"

"You look pretty fine yourself!" Jessie returned, examining her friend's short Ninja Turtle costume. "Even without your three buddies!"

Megan laughed. "I'm sure we'll see them there."

While Jessie was certain Megan was right, she knew Megan would be the hottest of them all. Jessie eyed her friend's ass as they walked out the door. No one should be allowed to look like Megan did. It simply wasn't fair.

"Quit staring at my ass, Jess. You know I don't play that way."

Jessie laughed as she locked her door. "Like I do!" she shot back.

Megan had summoned an Uber driver, and the man opened the door to his Acura, ushering them inside. Jessie worked hard to keep her legs together, but something about the way the driver was looking at her made her feel naughty. Just as the door was beginning to shut, she flashed her red panties his way. It was a night for devilishness, after all.

The drive to the hotel wasn't long at all, and when the girls hopped out, the driver stared meaningfully at her crotch. Another wave of heat washed over Jessie. Megan was right; she did need to get laid. If every little thing continued to turn her on, she was going to be a puddle before midnight.

As they walked up to the ornate doors, Megan linked her arm through Jessie's. Immediately several heads turned their way, and Jessie smiled. If she couldn't get the attention on her own, she didn't mind playing the Turtle card.

"You're on tonight," her friend whispered.

Instinctively, Jessie puller her shoulders back and lifted her chin. She was on.

Frankenstein opened the hotel doors for them, a cocky smile lifting one corner of his mouth. Attached to Megan as she was, she wasn't sure who his smile was aimed at. But she wasn't sure if she cared either. They were hot individually, but together they were scorching.

"Drink?" Megan mouthed as a wall of music hit them. Jessie nodded and they weaved their way to the bar. Pushing her way through a crowd, Megan ordered for both of them. Every once in a while someone bumped into Jessie, who subsequently bumped into Megan. She steadied herself with her friend's hips, and then she heard him for the first time.

"Don't let her go," he growled behind her.

She did exactly that, releasing Megan to whip around. There were a bunch of people standing quite close to her, but none of them looked particularly like they'd just been whispering orders into her hair. She leaned into Megan and shouted, "Did you hear that?"

"Hear what?" Megan yelled back as she accepted their drinks. She turned around and handed one off to Jessie, then led them back the way they'd come. Jessie kept her eyes peeled for anyone who could have spoken the command, but no one was giving anything away. So she began to dance, sipping her beer as she did, laughing with Megan and enjoying the atmosphere.

Halfway through a Bruno Mars song, she managed to bump into a very long body. He gripped onto her hips and pulled her hard against him, another growl escaping his throat, "I'm hot for teacher."

Again she spun around, but there was no one there. She surveyed the room, anxiety and horniness battling for a spot in her throat. "Tell me you heard that," she said to Megan.

Megan smiled, her eyes already looking hazy from her beer. "Heard what?" she asked again, leaning into Jessie to hear her better.

"Some guy just said he's hot for teacher!"

"Ooh, girl! Niiiice! But you're more a student, right?"

Jessie smiled. "I could be a teacher."

Megan grinned. "Yeah, girl!"

They continued to dance until their bottles were empty, and then Megan went to the bar for two more. Jessie stood at the edge of the crowd, hoping her mystery man would come back again. She'd have a clear shot of him this time. But he didn't appear, and Megan dragged her back onto the dance floor. Jessie felt her knees and elbows start to get loose, and she examined her bottle. She was about 2/3s of the way through it when he caught her one more time. This time his hand rested where her shirt tied, and he pulled her into his hips again. "I want to fuck you like an animal," he snarled, and fear tightened her throat as desire tightened her abdomen. She forgot her beer and dropped the bottle onto the floor, causing Megan to open her eyes just as her captor released her.

"Did you hear him this time?" Jessie squeaked.

"No," Megan said, her eyes wide as she looked at Jessie, "but I saw him."

Excitement washed over Jessie as Megan pulled her off the dance floor. The bathroom was much quieter, and the girls peed and then met in front of the vanities. "Phantom of the Masquerade," Megan said, lathering her hands with soap.

"Huh?" Jessie asked, pulling a paper towel off the roll.

"He's dressed like the Phantom. Pretty fitting, I'd say."

Jessie looked at her reflection. Big green eyes stared out from darkly lined lids. Fake lashes blinked at her like spiders. Her pink lips were still perfect despite sucking on two beer bottles. She looked amazing. Why was she so surprised that the Phantom had singled her out?

His words came back to her as she watched herself. I want to fuck you like an animal. She swallowed hard, a yearning like she'd never felt filling her core. It had been too long since she'd had sex; a year of reading and wishing and imagining exact scenarios like this one. She looked at Megan, who was also watching her reflection and reapplying lipstick.

"Would you be mad?" Jessie asked.

"If what?" Megan asked carefully, edging the red along her lips. "If you deserted me to go fuck a stranger in a hotel lobby? Not hardly."

Jessie grinned. "One more beer then," she instructed.

The girls claimed their drinks and found a couple of plush armchairs to rest on. The more she drank, she looser her shoulders got, and the idea of tracking the Phantom down didn't seem so hard. The fuller her bladder got, the more turned on she became. She watched for some telltale sign of her stalker, a flash of a cape, a large body sneaking up on her, but she saw nothing. And then another Ninja Turtle approached, this one of the male variety, and asked to steal Megan away. That was all the push she needed, and she rose to do a lap of the room. She stopped by the bar for one more beer and then continued her search. She saw no one who resembled her friend's description; though she saw several capes, they belonged to Batmans and Zorros and Draculas.

Her buzz kept her from feeling overly frustrated. Her bladder twinged and she debated making another trip to the bathroom, but she was enjoying the feeling. Holding her pee inside made her feel that much hornier. Maybe he was in the bathroom, she reasoned. Or maybe he was smoking. On that brilliant thought, she went outside. The air was cool, a welcome relief after the crowded stuffiness of the ballroom. It was very dark, an attempt at keeping partygoers from the pool, she imagined. There were a few people milling on the pool chairs, red butts glowing in the darkness.

Her heart leapt as she caught a flash of white in a far corner of the courtyard. She crept as stealthily as she could in chunky heels toward the color, and when she'd drawn near enough she could see that it was indeed the Phantom's mask. His cape was drawn tightly around him; the mask was all she could see. Even as she watched, he turned his back and dropped the cloak. The unmistakable hiss of a zipper coming down sent a jolt into her nether regions.

"What are you doing?" burst from her before she could think, and he startled, clutching his cape closed again. Giddy to have gotten the jump on him this time, she went a bit closer. He was watching her approach over his shoulder, an amused smile barely gracing his mouth.

"Having a piss," he replied, and she detected the trace of a British accent that she hadn't when he'd been growling at her. "Want to watch?"

Molten lava coursed through her at his words. Before she could think her way out, she answered honestly, "Yes."

His smile disappeared and he turned around. "Do you now?" he said, his voice taking on the hoarse quality again. "You're quite the naughty little thing then, aren't you?"

He came closer, his cloak clutched tight, and stopped directly in front of her. He opened his arms, but she kept her eyes on his face. Her neck began to hurt from looking up at him, but she wouldn't give him the satisfaction of dropping her gaze. Soon he slipped his hand under her skirt and whistled. "Lovely," he said and pulled back out, drawing in a deep breath to smell her. She'd never been more turned on. Her panties were soaked, and she was afraid if he touched her again she'd shatter standing there on the cold concrete, mere yards away from the other night dwellers.

"I want to show you something," he whispered, and he turned them both away from the building. Facing outward, it was pitch black, and he guided her hand to his cock. It was standing erect through his slacks, and finally she looked down. Her hand was curled around the base and still another four inches protruded. "Have you ever seen a man piss before?"

She shook her head and thoughtlessly pressed against his balls. He shivered and groaned. "Keep doing that and I'll cum all over you as I piss."

"You promise?" she asked and pressed again.

A loud moan escaped him and he looked over his shoulder. "Something hot about being this close to other people, isn't there, naughty teacher?"

She smiled, not bothering to correct his misassumption. She stared down at his hard cock, imagining it trickling into the air. She'd never seen a dick squirt anything more than a little cum, and as she stared she realized how long she'd been wanting to. She was holding onto her own personal fire hose. Brazenly she stepped behind him, circling his waist with her arms and grabbing hold again of his hard cock. She pulled his cloak out of the way and tucked it under her arms. One more time she pushed his balls into his body, aiming for what she hoped was his bladder. Another guttural noise erupted and a stream of piss flew into the air. Thrilled, she did it again, until the piss shot out of him, indeed like a fire hose. He moaned as he peed, and she played with his balls until his hand grabbed hers.

"Watch," he said, and directed her fingers to just under his head. He squeezed, and the flow stopped. He let the pressure up and it began again. Amused, she followed suit, and she played a little rhythm on his cock, like a flute, watching the piss cut off mid-stream. "Fuck yes," he whispered.

She thought he might piss forever. How many beers had this man had to drink to let loose this much liquid? His promise to cum while he peed stayed with her, and when she was finished playing with her new toy, she began to jerk him. Within seconds he shuddered and came forcefully into her hand.

Without hesitating, he used his cape to clean them up, and then he zipped his pants and stared at her. Disappointment spread through her as she realized his threat to fuck her like an animal wouldn't happen out here poolside. But he continued to stare, until she softly said, "What?"

"Aren't you going to return the favor?"

Shock rippled through her. "You mean pee here?"

"Sure. I did."

"It's... it's easier for a man," she said. "I don't have... I mean, I don't want to get wet."

"That's a shame," he said. "Take off your panties."

His tone had returned to the growl once more, and she did as he asked, unattaching the garter from her hose and shimmying them down her legs. He stepped closer to her and ripped the red lace garment from her hands. The white belts dangled between his fingers. "Now what excuse do you have?"

"But I..."

"But nothing. Piss here or I'll fuck you in front of all these people."

Intense desire closed off her throat, and she had no trouble believing he meant it. A battle between which she'd like least, peeing on her shoes or being publicly fucked, waged in her mind. And while she knew she wanted to fuck him, she also was certain she'd rather it be somewhere warm. The curious eyes somehow turned her on though.

She lowered into a crouch, spreading her thighs as far as she could get them, and slowly let loose her bladder. Sweet relief raged through her. She watched as her puddle got larger, and she scooted her feet further apart, using her hands to keep from falling over. It took every fiber of her being to control the flow, but she knew if she let go the way she wanted to, she'd soak her shoes, and she couldn't return to the party smelling like piss.

"Open for me," he instructed her.

"No," she whimpered. Her flow stopped, her kegels straining. She was so turned on she thought she might burst.

"Open!" he yelled, and with that one word her dam burst. In less than ten seconds she'd emptied the rest of her piss. She stood carefully, her thighs quaking, and stood with her legs apart, letting the wind dry her. Her entire body shook, whether from cold or horniness, she wasn't sure. Ashamed but equally aroused, she stared at the Phantom, hating him for what he'd asked her to do.

"What fucking now?" she asked, her voice shaking.

"Now I'm going to fuck you like an animal."

She grinned at him. He smiled back briefly, stuffed her panties into his pocket, and stalked off. Panicked, she hurried to catch up to him. She kept one hand behind her back, attempting to keep her skirt down, but she was moving so quickly she didn't know if it was possible. He moved deftly through the crowd and directly to the elevator bank, where he called the car and pushed four.

"You have a room here?" she asked stupidly.

"Always," he answered.

In the light of the elevator, she examined his face. She longed to pull the mask away, but there was something so sexy about the mystery. She hadn't even asked his name.

He unlocked the door with one swift swipe. He held it open and let her pass. When she reached for the light switch, he stalled her hand with his own and pushed her into the room. In pure blackness, he backed her against the bed and stood so close to her she could feel his breath. Hers came faster until she thought she might hyperventilate if he didn't kiss her. But he didn't. Instead he put his hand between her thighs, pushing upward until he found her sweet spot. Instinctively, she arched her back and he flipped her onto the mattress. Her moan was loud and indeed, animalistic. His fingers were applying hard pressure, the feeling so intense she thought she'd shatter just from that. But then he started stroking, long, slow, sweet strokes. She writhed on the bed, the pleasure so acute it was almost painful.

She bucked in excitement when she felt him slide off the bed and he kneeled. He put his hands under her knees and pulled her hard to the edge of the bed. His tongue resumed the action his hand had abandoned, and she screamed. She had never received oral this good, and she felt her juices flood to his mouth. "Fffff..." was the only noise she could manage. Her hands clutched the bedspread, her head bent to nearly 90 degrees, and all too soon she came into his mouth. Her body shuddered for nearly 20 seconds, and when she'd calmed down, he moved up her abdomen to her breasts. He didn't speak a word, just continued his mouth play on her nipples. Unable to do anything more than enjoy him, she laid still. Once she lifted her hands to stroke his back and he gathered them in one of his and held fast.

"Don't move," he growled.

A second orgasm beckoned, but she had never been able to come from nipple play. Once he realized he wasn't going to win this round, he moved even higher. He nibbled at her collarbone and then placed his body weight on her. "Can you squirt?" he whispered in her ear, then ran his tongue along the rim.

"No," she answered honestly.

"You will tonight."

She smiled. "You're cocky," she teased.

"You don't even know," he said.

She felt the bed shift as he abandoned her. She felt suddenly cold. Her eyes strained to make him out in the intense darkness. She heard him move, barely fumbling as he reached for and lit a candle. Was he part cat? Who could see in the dark like that?

The flame cast eerie shadows and she sat up to watch him strip out of his costume. Eagerly she reached for her own, but he stopped her with one shake of his finger. "Do anything I don't instruct again and I will punish you."

"Punish me how?" she asked, her eyebrows knitting. Fifty Shades of Grey had been fun to read, but she wasn't sure she wanted to live it.

Naked as the day he was born, he crawled back onto the bed and over her, forcing her to lay back down. "Don't do anything I don't say and you won't find out."

He had her captured, his arms on either side of hers, his knees straddling her thighs. She lay still as a corpse, barely able to breathe. He slithered her skirt off with one hand. The shirt was a harder article, and when she tried to help, he growled low in her ear. "Mine," he snarled, one word that sent chills down her spine.

When he had her naked, he licked her lips. She pursed them immediately, and he opened them with his tongue. His kiss was delicious, like sucking on a cinnamon candy. He moved to her neck and abruptly flipped her over. Startled, she tried to move, and he bit her.

"Ow!" she cried, but it hadn't really hurt.

"What did I say?"

She relaxed and let him continue kissing her, down her spine and to her buttocks. Nervous, she tensed up again and he bit again. Wetness flooded her core and she realized the sting turned her on, overriding the pain. He spread her cheeks and went to work at her pussy again. Still licking her, she heard a small rip and he barely paused to roll a condom on. Back up he came, and then his cock was sitting at her soaking entrance. "Ready or not, here I come," he said, and then he slammed into her.

She cried out once, and then he pulled her to hands and knees. Another hard drive, another loud yell, and then she gave in to him. He pounded her, so hard and deep she feared he'd break her teeth. But it was so good. She rested on her elbows, her head on the pillow, and pushed her hips into him, allowing him to take her as hard as he could. He clutched her waist and drove into his balls, where he stayed for a moment, circling his hips.

"Ffffff," came out of her again, and this time erupted in a full yell. "Ffffffuck yes!" she screamed, pressing against him with all her might. Out he drew and then another mighty slam. She had no room to think this must truly be how animals feel.

"Take it, baby," he growled behind her, rearing up and coming in for another pound. "You like that big ol' cock?"

"God, yes!" she shrieked.

Without warning, he flipped her again, and she got to look into his eyes as he drove in. The mask stayed in place, and without thought she reached for it. Before she could pull it off, he picked her entire body up and rotated her a full 180 degrees, slamming her back into the mattress. He'd effectively loosened her grip, and this time when he bit her, it was harder and much more punishing.

Excited, she dug her nails into his back. "Ahh!" he howled, and once more reached down to bite her. She pulled her nails down his spine and he plowed into her, a guttural yell spilling from him. "Yes!" he cried.

She knew he was on the edge, and he pulled out and yanked the condom off. He shimmied up her body and directed his cock into her mouth. Thrilled, she began to suck him as hard as he'd driven into her, and within seconds he came forcefully into the back of her throat. She knew without a doubt he'd "punish" her if she spit any out, so she swallowed thickly, trying not to gag. She typically liked giving head, but he tasted like the condom.

"Your turn," he said, and she knew it was a command.

"Oh, God," she thought. "Please let this happen."

Pressure was already built up inside her. She had to pee again, so badly she hoped it wouldn't come out while he ate her. His tongue was skilled. So skilled. He began to lap at her again, and when he had her nice and wet, he added a finger. In and out, in and out. She arched her back and stopped thinking, and the pressure intensified. He added a second finger and began to stroke her g-spot.

"That's it," she moaned as he hit both her g-spot and her clit. "That's it, baby."

He moaned against her pussy and she shivered. His fingers were disappearing, and without any warning at all, the orgasm claimed her. He pulled his fingers out for one more hit against her g, and kept his face between her legs. Something wet sprayed over him, and when she'd calmed down enough to look at him, he looked incredibly satisfied. "I told you," he teased her, then he began to lick her clean.

"Fuck. Yes," she managed to grind out, her throat hoarse from her screaming. She was virtually in shock. She lay there, a complete mass of Jell-o, and let him lick her like a cat, until she thought she'd fall asleep. "I have to pee," she finally said, afraid if she didn't go soon, she'd wet the bed.

"Okay," he said, but he didn't move.

"In the toilet, if you don't mind."

He laughed and got up. She managed to roll off the bed, but she knew she'd be very sore tomorrow. She felt like the world's biggest winner. She peed alone, but then he came into the bathroom. Before she could get up, he straddled her lap. "I need some help," he said softly, and he guided her hands to his cock. She watched in excitement as he pissed into the bowl, his now soft cock still larger than any she'd ever seen.

When he'd finished, he ran his cock between her still-wet pussy lips. "An eye for an eye," he teased. "You owe me."

Somehow she knew she'd repay him one of these days, no matter how much she resisted at first. Who knew peeing for a guy would have ended up being the best foreplay she'd ever known?

