Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 6)

by Francine

Chapter 6. The Ordeal

The appointed day had arrived. Paula had arranged a business trip for the day before, Thursday.. She had good reason to be in the area. Before leaving home she had told Stan she would be back Sunday morning, remaining a bit longer so as to achieve the lower fares available if she stayed Saturday night. She explained that her Thursday and Friday events would be a bit exhausting, and she didn't want to tire herself further by having to travel late Friday night. She would wait until Sunday morning to give herself a comfortable rest, and easy trip, and save fare at the same time. It seemed plausible. No one questioned her reasoning. She let it go at that.

As it worked out, she was finished by noon on Friday. Her instructions from Mitch had been to look for a note of instructions at her hotel, and to be ready for her guest appearance Friday evening. She was told it would be a long night, so she had planned to allow herself Saturday (or what might be left of it) to recover from the event, the travel home Sunday morning. So far, it was working well.

She returned to her hotel about two Friday afternoon. As she stopped at the front desk, she inquired, "Is there any message for me? Paula Manzoni, Room 512. Or, excuse me, it might be addressed to Paula Guest - that was my maiden name". The clerk looked around a bit, then came up with an envelope. "Yes, mam. This was left for Paula Guest this morning. We didn't have anyone by that name, so we held it. You say that's you?"

"Yes. I used to use that name professionally, so I get mail that way at times. Thanks."

Her heart was racing a bit as she took the envelope to her room. She locked the door, sat down, and opened it carefully. She then read:

"Dear Paula:

Please call me at the number below, to confirm that you are here and still want to go ahead with being our Special Guest. You know what this entails, so I won't elaborate further. We have an exciting time planned for you, and we just need to be sure you are still ready and want to participate. After you have confirmed you willingness, here's what you are to do.

You will probably want to wear a dress. It would be quite appropriate, but please don't wear stockings or pantyhose. Otherwise, select a dress or something with a skirt and appropriate underwear as you prefer. You will not need a hat or a belt. Wear no jewelry, no earrings, no accessories. Do not carry a purse - you will not need anything. If you want to carry a phone number or something like that, carry it in a dress pocket or fasten it in your dress. We want you carrying nothing. Do not eat before leaving the hotel, and we suggest you drink lightly, if at all. Be in the lobby at 6:30 P.M. A taxi will arrive to pick you up and bring you to our party. You will be paged as 'Paula Guest' when it arrives. You will need no fare - it will be paid by your hosts. We will also see that you are returned to the hotel after our party. Leave your room key at the desk. Carry nothing, except your courage! You will need it! See you tonight."

At the bottom was a local phone number. She hesitated a while, then, nervously dialed it. A female voice answered. Paula began, "This is Paula Guest - I have a note..." The voice on the other end interrupted, excitedly. "Paula! we're delighted. You will be with us tonight?" "Yes, I will", Paula answered, quite nervous. Her response was acknowledged with, "Then look for your pickup at 6:30. We can hardly wait! See you tonight. Bye!"

Paula could hardly rest all afternoon. What had she got herself into? Well, she was determined to see it through. The very fact that she was facing some unknown event was exciting to her, and she knew she would be the focus of some terribly demanding activities that would test her endurance, probably embarrass and somewhat torment her, and surely would make demands on her bladder. She felt both fearful of what would happen, but confident that she take the treatment they would give her.

She tried to rest, but the excitement made it difficult. Around five o'clock she began preparing herself. She showered, carefully checked and brushed her gray hair, grooming herself carefully. She choose a simple black dress, with the length just below the knee. Beneath it she wore her white bra and panties and a white half slip. As she dressed, she wondered how much of her clothing she would keep on through the evening. Strongly she suspected it would not be everything she now was putting on.

Following instructions, she tucked a small note with her address, hotel, and room number into a small pocket in her dress. She wore no jewelry, no watch, and only a single clip in her hair. She left her purse behind. Carrying only her room key, she went down to lobby at 6:20. Leaving the key at the desk, she sat down and waited. 

At 6:35, a man entered the lobby, speaking to the doorman. He turned and searched the room with his eyes. Paula didn't wait - she came directly to the door. The man looked at her, "Are you Paula Guest? I am supposed to pick up a passenger by that name. " "I am Paula", she answered. The man ushered her outside to a waiting taxi. Evidently he was the taxi driver. "I am to take you to this address," he began, offering her a slip of paper. "OK with you? They are paying for it- you don't have to!" "OK", Paula answered, settling back rather nervously.

The taxi drove for some distance, several miles she guessed, finally stopping at a well lit building in what seemed to be a commercial neighborhood, though there was not much business at this hour. The driver opened the door. As he did so, a familiar face appeared. "Welcome, Paula! We're pleased to have you!" Paula turned, a bit relieved to see Mitch. "I'm glad to come - looking forward to it!"

"You know you are going to be in for a rough night, don't you? Sure you want to go ahead - last chance to back out!"

"I'm ready. My limits are understood, Mitch, aren't they? "

"Paula, we know and we agreed. No violence, you won't be penetrated or injured - but the committee has planned a lot of things for you - and a lot of it may come as a surprise! Come, on let's go in!"

Paula was escorted down a corridor into a room filled with people. The room was well lit, and a party seemed to be going on. The participants were all nicely dressed, and were wearing some kind of name tags. A table was spread with snack food, and another was supplied with drinks, mostly fruit juices and soft drinks.

Paula was handled a badge reading, "Paula - SPECIAL GUEST", in large letters. It was pinned to her dress. Mitch brought her to a nice looking man of about forty five or fifty, slender, with just a touch of gray. "Paula," Mitch began, "This is Eric. He is Chair of the Committee that has arranged the activity for our Special Guest. He will be taking charge of you a bit later on." Paula and Eric shook hands. Eric offered a short explanation, " You are going to have a rough night, Paula, but it's for the enjoyment of all, and, we hope, for you, too. May I ask, how old are you?"

"Sixty", Paula answered, immediately.

"And not shy about it!" Eric answered. "Paula, you are the oldest Special Guest we've ever had. We are delighted to have an older lady who wants to be a Special Guest, but you will find it rough going."

"I'm ready" answered Paula, anxious to find out what was in store.

"Then", said Eric, "Let's get started. Come up here. He escorted her to a side of the room, where he called for the attention of the group, perhaps fifty or sixty people.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he addressed the group, rapidly quieting down. "Our Special Guest has arrived, so let me introduce her. This is Paula!" He took Paula's arm, and raised it. The group instantly applauded.

Eric went on. "Our Special Guest is here, and we will start having her meet the rest of us. Looking her over, it seems as though she has received her instructions and complied with them. As you know, we won't be inviting her to join us in the food, though the rest of you may continue to indulge. I am sure she has not eaten, however, and we don't want her to go into the evening's festivities with an empty stomach. So, I will now ask her to introduce herself to each of you. Please begin to form our welcoming line at the drink table." 

A number of the attendees began to line up at the table holding the drinks. Eric escorted Paula to the head of the line. "Paula, we have sixty four persons registered for tonight, and we want you to start meeting them. We want you to have a few words and a drink with each person here. You will now tell the person at the head of the line what you prefer to drink - you can choose from whatever is on the table. The first person will give you a glass of what you choose, and will introduce himself or herself and speak to you a moment while you consume your drink. That person will then remove the red sticker from his badge and stick it on your dress (don't worry - they come off easily, later). When you have finished your drink, the next will greet you, and you will choose a drink, either the same or different, which that person will get you. You will then go through this until you have met everyone here. Please-" he indicated the first person in line.

Paula choose orange juice, and was handed a glass. she guessed perhaps a four ounce glass. In her mind she calculating - she was going to have to drink sixty-four glasses, probably 256 ounces, about two gallons. How could she possibly do this?

Paula tried to remain cordial, for the people were all friendly. As people finished with her, more joined the line. After half an hour or so, Paula was feeling a bit full - she had lost count, but thought she had drunk around twenty glasses. Eric came up to her. "Paula, you didn't think we would expect you to drink sixty four glasses here in one continuous series, did you? Of course not - you will need a break! We're going to give you a break in greeting the people, while we let you circulate a bit, and I make a few announcements. Then we will only introduce you to about ten more here - the rest can make their introductions a bit later on."

Eric led Paula away from the line for a few minutes, giving her a bit of a rest from her liquid dinner, and allowing her to meet people a bit more freely. Eric made an announcement. "It's now 7:45 - we are going to begin the ceremonies in the Guest Room in half an hour. We're going to let Paula meet another dozen of you here, and then we will escort her to the Guest Room. We know many of you will want to join her for the ceremonies there."

Paula felt her pulse race a bit at the thought of the "Guest Room" - she was sure some unpleasant experiences awaited here there. After a few minutes of standing and holding conversations, she was returned to the line and again began downing a glass offered by each person in line.

8:15 came soon. While Paula had lost count, she knew she had a full stomach, and her bladder was getting full, too. In a few minutes she knew it would be quite uncomfortable. At the appointed time, Eric ended the receiving line. He took Paula by the arm, and escorted her down the hall and down a stairwell then into a large room clearly labeled by a large hand-drawn sign on the door, "Guest Room".

Paula entered the room and quickly took it in. Had she not been expecting a rough experience, she would have been shocked. As it was, she just tried to quickly figure out what would happen to her.

The room was large, probably big enough to hold all the attendees. It was almost bare of furniture, with only about four chairs standing against the walls. The room had a tile or terrazzo floor with no rug. The room was well lit, and two stands held large light fixtures, such as photographers use to illuminate subjects. In one corner was a coat tree on which hung several wire hangars. On the wall opposite the door was a large plastic chest, similar to an ice chest, the contents of which she could not even guess. A bucket and a pitcher, with several towels, sat beside the chest.

But the object that drew Paula's interest was in the center of the room. There was a platform, perhaps a foot high, covered with a plastic cover, carefully tacked down. A portable step stood in front of it. Above the platform, affixed to the ceiling, was a metal ring. A length of rope reached from behind the platform, up to and through the ring, then down again, it's end evidently behind the platform.

As Paula surveyed the scene, she had absolutely no doubt where she would be placed. She was not disappointed. Eric led her to the platform, indicated the step, and had her ascend it. She stood atop the platform, and turned to face Eric. "Welcome, Special Guest Paula", he began, speaking not only to her but to the crowd that now had assembled in the room and stood on all sides of her.

"Are you enjoying our hospitality?" Eric asked her.

Paula responded, "Yes, you have been very nice."

"Have you had enough to drink, or any you thirsty for more? We don't want you suffering from thirst, do we?"

"I think that I have had plenty to drink, Eric!" she answered quickly, not sure where this was going to lead.

"Before we go further, are you uncomfortable for any reason?" 

Paula knew she had a very full bladder, and she suspected he wanted her to say so, but she was a bit nervous about her response.

"A little. I really could use a bathroom visit."

"Do you mean your bladder is full?"

"Quite full, in fact." Paula's response was calm, but she was a bit anxious as to what response she would get.

"Would you like to empty it, Paula?" Eric asked, rather politely.

"May I?" Paula replied, somewhat wonderingly.

"Of course!" Eric answered, with emphasis. "Could you doubt we would allow you the relief your body needs?" Here, let's take care of that!" He motioned to two men standing nearby. Quickly they produced, from the box at the back of room, a plastic pitcher. It was immediately brought to Paula. She looked at it, understanding immediately what she was about to be required to do. She noted the pitcher was fairly large, with straight sides and a flat bottom, and it had graduation marks along one side. 

"Here, Paula. You may take this, and relieve yourself into it. We want you to be comfortable. Go ahead - squat or bend if you want - you needn't be embarrassed - just adjust your underclothes as you need to and relieve yourself into the pitcher!"

Paula understood what was required. It was embarrassing, but about what she had anticipated. Carefully she squatted on the platform. She placed the pitcher on the platform beside her, as she pulled her panties down to her thighs, attempting to preserve as much of her modesty as possible. The onlookers stood, in virtual silence, and watched her performance. She held the pitcher in position and tried to relax her sphincters. It took a minute or so, but her urine began to flow. The pitcher began to fill. She couldn't see it, and didn't know how full it was getting, but she held it in place. She estimated in her mind that it was probably a two litre pitcher, certainly adequate. Flushed with embarrassment, she finished discharging her bladder. She knew there was nothing to dry herself with, so she set the pitcher down, pulled up her panties, and stood erect.

Eric picked up the pitcher and held it high. "Look - about three quarters of a litre - but, oh, look at the color!" He made a face that reflected disgust. "She must have brought this in with her - look how yellow it is!" He invited everyone to look. "We need to get her to produce clear stuff, from what we've been giving her!" 

He looked to Paula. "Well, we're glad you got rid of this stuff you brought it. Now we need to have you enjoy a bit of our hospitality! We want you to have a glass of liquid refreshment brought to you by each person here - just to replenish that which you got rid of!" 

He motioned to some of those in the room, who began collecting glasses of drinks. Soon a queue had formed in front of Paula, as several approached her with glasses filled with water, juice, or soft drinks.

Paula viewed them with a bit of horror. Her bladder was empty, but she knew it wouldn't be for long. She had been consuming liquid almost since she had come into the building, and her stomach was far from empty. Still, she accepted the drinks and tried to consume them as she was able.

Eric let her go through about five glasses, then stopped the process. "I think", he addressed those in the room, "Our special guest is a bit uncomfortable. She is getting a full stomach, and having to stand there may be tiring for her." He turned to Paula, "We want you to be able to stand more comfortably. If you'll just take off your shoes, one of the guests will put them away for you. You will find it easier to stand in your bare feet!"

Paula sensed that she was going to lose some of her attire, and the shoes were probably only the first item. She removed them, one at a time, and a man took them and placed them at the foot of the clothes tree in the room. More drinks were brought to Paula. She was feeling bloated. "Please", she asked, "I don't think I can drink any more now - my stomach's absolutely full!":

"All right, Paula!" Eric continued. "We don't want to create any distress for you. You must realize it's hard for us to know how full your stomach is! Perhaps, well, if it weren't covered so well, then we could tell your condition better. I know you didn't come in a bare midriff outfit, but perhaps we could make some adaptations. You have a slip on?"

"A half slip", Paula answered.

"Good. That should show a bit of stomach for us. Why don't you just remove that pretty black dress and we'll be able to see if your stomach looks distended or feels too full! Would you please?"

The request was obviously a command. 

Paula unbuttoned the dress, slowly. She carefully let it slip from her shoulders, then dropped it off her arms. She straightened it out, then handed it to a woman standing before her. Paula returned to her center stage position, now with her white bra exposed above her bare midriff, her half slip still covering the lower part of her body.

Eric motioned for one of the men to come forward and touch her stomach. It was obviously distended, stretching the half slip out a bit. Paula felt terribly vulnerable, exposed as she was, her anatomy being examined by strangers. Yet she knew more was to come.

Comments were made about her stomach, it's fullness, and it's probable capacity.

Eric turned to the crowd. "Our special guest needs a bit of time for her stomach to process the fluid it contains. We need to make her more comfortable - her clothes are obviously pressing on her stomach. Shall we make her more comfortable by having her remove them?" 

The crowd cheered its approval. Eric turned to Paula. "Your slip is too tight on your stomach, now, so why don't you just drop it off? You'll feel less pressure!" Paula could sense that she was about to be relieved of all of her clothing. Nonetheless, she pulled down the half slip and stepped out of it. She handed it to waiting hands, and stood up, awaiting the next command, which she felt certain would be to remove her brassiere.

Paula was feeling exposed and oddly aroused, standing before the crowd of people in only her bra and panties. She knew she wouldn't be wearing even those garments for long. Still, she felt some curious bit of satisfaction in the interest being shown by so many younger persons in an older lady gradually losing her clothes. She realized that she really knew none of these people - if the group had included her friends it would have been humiliating beyond measure, but in front of this group she felt strangely stimulated by what she was being made to submit to.

Eric had her turn slowly around, so as to be viewed from all angles by the watching group. "How does your stomach feel now?" he politely inquired of her.

Truthfully, she still felt quite bloated from the volume of liquid inside her. She knew her stomach would soon feel better, if she drank no more, but that the fullness would pass downward to her bladder and demand relief, which she suspected might be denied her. The uncertainty of what lay ahead played on her mind. She wasn't exactly in fear. but she was definitely feeling tension and apprehension, and it was definitely stimulating and arousing.

Eric let her stand several minutes in different postures. Then, he called on a male volunteer from the group. "Larry", Eric instructed, "take the tape measure, and measure from the top of her shoulder to the tip of her breast - the part sticking out the farthest." Larry ascended the platform, and took the tape measure. Holding the end of tape to her shoulder, he was told to mark the spot from which he was measuring. Then he pulled out the tape, holding it to the tip of her bra. He called out the measurement "thirteen and a half inches".

Larry stepped down. Eric resumed his commentary. "Paula is using her bra to hold her breasts in position, and with the help of the bra the tip is thirteen and a half inches below her shoulder. Now, with the bra off, I wonder how the measurement might change! Shall we see if her muscles hold as well as the bra?"

The crowd murmured its assent. "Paula, would you take off the bra, so we can see how your bust line might change without the artificial support?"

Slowly, without protest, Paula reached behind her back and unhooked her bra. She dropped it from her shoulders. Her breasts were revealed in all their glory, the white skin contrasting a bit with the more tanned color of her face and even her shoulders. Obviously she was not accustomed to going topless outside. Without the bra, her breasts fell noticeably, and her nipples came erect, both pointing a bit downward. She handed the bra to a bystander, who hung it on the clothes tree.

"Larry, I think you'd better check the measurement again!" Eric instructed. The tape measure was again used. Larry held the lower end to her erect nipple, taking the opportunity to grasp the erect nipple firmly. He read out the measure, "This time it's almost sixteen inches!"

"Two and a half inches more - that's the difference between the strength of her bra and her own muscles! Looks like this lady has some flexibility in her anatomy!" The man who had done the measuring released her nipple.

"I think", Eric mused aloud, that it would be interesting to test the flexibility of this lady's body. May I have three volunteers to assist?

Quickly, three men were chosen. Eric spoke to them in a low voice, and they went to work. He instructed Paula to raise her arms, which she did. Behind her, two of the men held her arms and tied them together, over her head, with a long, soft, cloth. The rope which had hung behind the platform was slipped through the cloth, between her hands, and then pulled up. She felt her bound hands lifted over her head until she was standing with her raised arms about a foot over her head. She didn't find this terribly uncomfortable, but she was beginning to feel quite helpless. She could move her feet only slightly apart, as she was forced to stand with her body upright.

"We don't want our guest to be unduly restricted or uncomfortable", Eric went on. "Perhaps one of you volunteers could remove the underpants she is wearing, so she will not feel restricted by them". At this, one man slipped down her panties and removed them, lifting one leg at a tip to slip them over her feet.

Paul was standing upright, held by the rope attached to her bound hands, and now she was stark naked. Her pubic bush was prominently displayed, the hair protruding from her body. She had never felt so exposed, so vulnerable. She awaited what would happen next.

Eric again spoke to the volunteers. "Her bust line does seem a bit flexible - let's see how far the flexibility goes. Each of you lift one breast and spread them a bit". The two complied, each grasping a breast and pulling it up and away from its sister. "I think", Eric instructed, "you might get a bit more extension if you provided a bit of stimulation. Try!" 

The men played with her nipples, producing evident erections. They moved her breasts around, showing their flexibility and displaying the erect nipples to all. Then Eric called for a halt, temporarily, saying they should allow their guest to rest a bit and 'enjoy' her situation.

Paula felt as she had never felt before. She was exposed, teased, made moderately uncomfortable, and restrained in a highly vulnerable situation. Yet no one had moved to really hurt her, and, in fact, they had treated her with a fair amount of respect and courtesy. She felt sensuous, aroused as she had seldom been. She felt vulnerable, extremely vulnerable, yet, somehow, not really threatened. She felt certain this would end without any real harm to her, as they had promised; yet, at the moment they had her in their collective power. Why did she find this arousing? She wondered herself. As she stood there, her hands held above her head, she felt considerable discomfort, not the least of which was the growing pressure in her bladder, resulting from her excessive liquid consumption. She wondered if the onlookers were aware of this particular part of her distress. 

People, both men and women, looked at her, often quite closely. Often they smiled, but few spoke to her. They seemed friendly enough, in some perverse way, yet they were obviously enjoying her condition. She squirmed a bit, trying to find a comfortable stance. Her abdomen quivered from time to time, as she clenched her sphincter muscles ever tighter to restrain the growing amount of liquid in her bladder. She tried holding her legs together, squeezing them a bit, but it seemed to help little.

She sensed people staring at her genitals and her pubic hair. Somehow the exposure of her pubic bush made her feel especially naked. She knew her bush stood out conspicuously, and it could be seen from even the far side of the room. It was low on her body, and she could almost feel the stares as people looked closely at it.

Eric continued to tease her in subtle ways. He suggested she might now have an empty stomach, and might have need for more liquid to assuage her thirst. He had several people feel her stomach. Then he called on several persons to bring her drinks, which she was told to take through straws. Paula tried to accommodate them, but after a bit, she shook her head to decline further intake.

Eric was displeased. "Don't you like our hospitality any more, Paula?" he asked, a bit sarcastically. He mocked her a bit. "Well, Paula," he admonished her, with a twinkle in his eye, "I was beginning to think you might soon have a full bladder and might need to relieve it; but if you don't drink anything, that's not likely! So - you won't be needing any relief, I suppose!"

Paula quickly complained "My bladder is already full, and I really can't hold it much longer - please allow me some relief!"

"Oh, well, we'll think about it, Paula, but first we'll give you a few minutes to relax."

"Relax?", Paula exclaimed, "like this? How can I relax!"

Eric smiled to the group. He left her a few minutes, still standing with her legs squeezed together, her bound hands over her head. A man came up and tweaked her nipples, then moved away. Another gently grasped her pubic hair, pulling it outward, then slowly let it go. Several people laughed.

Now she was hurting. Her arms were getting tired, her stomach still felt full of water, and her bladder was now so full it was sending her signals that had progressed from discomfort to pain.

After a bit, Eric returned and told her they were going to allow her a bit of rest. They lowered the rope, and untied her hands. The release was short lived, because soon they retied them behind her, but at least she could now drop her arms down and even walk.

He invited several people to come forward and gently feel her abdomen. They palpated it in turn, obviously feeling her very full bladder, now hard and swollen within her, causing a noticeable bulge.

He entered into a discussion with them as to whether she needed relief, or could continue to hold. "Please let me!" she begged to Eric.

"What do you think?" he asked of several bystanders. "Does she need to empty herself a bit?" The others entered into a discussion, as they felt her bladder and pushed on it.

A woman offered a suggestion. "Maybe she needs to let out just a little. We could see whether what she is holding is of the proper quality, now!"

Eric called for the pitcher. Paula was instructed to remount the platform, her hands still tied behind her. "All right, Paula, we have decided to allow you to release a half pint. Will that help you?"

Paula well knew her bladder must be holding far more than that. "How can I tell? I'm not sure I can stop if I start. Please - I am hurting!"

"We'll help you, Paula", Eric instructed two of the men. "Each of you take one of her nipples and stretch it out a bit. We'll let her release some, and when she gets to the pint level, pull her nipples hard until she stops!"

"What if I can't stop?" Paula asked.

"Then you are going to have some very stretched nipples", he advised her. Her mind flashed to the treatment she knew Stan liked to give her breasts. Mentally she winced a little, trying to withdraw and shield her body from the treatment.

She started to release. Her stream became forceful, and it was only a few seconds before the pitcher was filled to the pint level. "Stop!" Eric instructed her, quite loudly.

She felt her nipples pulled forcibly, as she tried to close her sphincter. Straining, she managed to shut off the flow. The men relaxed their grips.

Eric held the pitcher up for all to see. Her urine was now very light, almost clear, the result of the flushing of her body by the extreme amount of liquid she had processed.

They allowed her to walk and mingle with the guests, though her hands were still tied behind her. Several complimented her on the quality of urine she had produced, while others inquired as to the state of her bladder. Numerous hands pressed on her bladder area from time to time, while others groped her bare breasts.

After a while, she was again allowed to urinate into the pitcher. This time she was permitted to empty her bladder, and Eric noted with some satisfaction the quantity they had managed to get her to hold. 

They allowed her to sit for a time on a chair, her hands still restrained. Other guests continued to amuse themselves with her breasts, commenting on their flexibility as they pulled them, squeezed them, or stretched her nipples. Several guests brought her large glasses of liquid to drink, offering her straws with which to draw in the fluid, and insisting that she empty the glass.

In time her bladder was full again, a situation verified by several palpations. Eric announced, "I think it is time for our fountain scene. Shall we try?"

Paula was taken from the chair and made to lie on her back on the floor of the room. Her legs were spread and held far apart, one male guest holding each leg. Eric called upon her to produce a stream as high as she could.

Paula, a bit shocked at this order, tried to release her distended bladder. She pushed as hard as she could. Her stream started slowly, then arced upwards a bit, falling to the floor a short distance away from her body. A group of guests stood around, cheering her on and urging her to achieve new heights. Finally, her bladder emptied, she was raised to her feet, as several volunteer guests mopped the liquid from the floor area.

Now it was getting quite late. Eric untied Paula's hands and allowed her to relax a bit, though she was still subjected to continual groping and pressing. Earlier she might have resisted the hands touching her body, but at this point she accepted it. 

Finally, Eric announced it was approaching time to bid farewell to the Special Guest. The other guests began to line up, and Paula was brought to the head of the line. Each guest, in turn, gave Paula a word of thanks for her participation, and a brief touch. Sometimes the touch was a handshake, but often it was a tug on a nipple, a squeeze of a breast, or a hand grasping at her genitals. It took some time for all the guests to pass her, and at the end of the line were Eric and Mitch.

Eric gently gripped a breast, and told her, "Paula - you have been a good sport. I realize it was rough on you, but you took it well. We might have wondered whether a woman your age could have handled it, but now we know. We loved having you!"

"That goes also for me", Mitch told her, his hand briefly laid on her other breast. "Did you find it stimulating?"

"I'll never forget it!" Paula answered, not quite knowing what else to say. Then, thoughtfully, she added. "I do have a final request - all that liquid you've had me drink - I really do need to urinate again, before I leave. May I?"

"Of course. Shall we escort you to the bathroom?" Mitch asked her.

"After all this, I hardly know how to use one. Is the pitcher no longer available?"

Eric quickly departed, returning with the pitcher. She spread her legs, standing erect. He held the pitcher under her. She released another strong stream. As it was pouring, she looked at Eric. "That's what I needed - you know, I just might get used to this way of doing it!" Her stream ended, and she asked "I do need to wipe up - I haven't been able to, lately, and before I leave, it would be nice!"

Mitch produced a paper towel. He offered it to her. "Would you be a gentlemen and do it for me?" she asked him.

He dried her with the towel, rubbing her lips quite firmly.

"Thanks", she said.

Mitch presented her with her clothing, and she dressed in front of them. Eric announced that the taxi had arrived, and would take her back to her hotel. She was escorted to the door, then outside and into the taxi.

The taxi carried her back to her hotel, dropping her at the door. She thanked the driver as she rushed inside. At the desk she requested her key, then returned to her room. She checked the clock. It was five in the morning. Exhausted, she pulled off her clothes, throwing them on a chair. She did not bathe, or even wash her face. She flopped on the bed naked, drawing the covers around her. She turned off the light. In a moment she was asleep. There was a trace of a smile on her face. 

