Title: A Day at the Pleasure Gardens
	Entry to: Month 24
By: Rosemary

Richard Watson was not rich. He had a respectable house in the village of Henfield, and just sufficient income to live in modest style, but his only hope of being able to live as he wanted was either to marry into money, or to inherit from his rich aunt, and the latter seemed to be the easier to accomplish. The major requirement to become his aunt's heir was that he should marry a girl whom she approved of, and that she produce a male heir to continue the family name. He thought he had found a suitable girl in Natalie, younger daughter of Dr. Parkinson, but courting her was a slow and difficult task. Dr. Parkinson was a local patriarch, and was in no hurry to see his favourite daughter leave home, so set the highest standards for any prospective son-in-law.

Within Henfield, Richard had always maintained the image of having the highest moral standards, being careful that any indiscretions he might commit were done in the anonymity of London, where he was just another high spirited young gentleman looking for a good time. Unfortunately, during his last night of pleasure in London, he had acquired a personal infection, which had caused him considerable discomfort in the weeks following his visit. Knowing that he did not dare seek treatment locally, as Dr Parkinson would undoubtedly know how the infection had been acquired, and that this would end his courtship of Natalie, he had had to endure the discomfort until the symptoms ceased, leaving him with only one legacy of the disease, an embarrassingly frequent need to pee, often with an urgency that was hard to deny.

This was a great disadvantage under the rigid social conventions of the age, when only the most oblique references to bodily functions were acceptable, and then never in front of the opposite sex. He had tried various patent remedies to cure this affliction, all without effect, and it seemed that during the previous week his condition was actually worsening.

Thus, he was not entirely delighted when Natalie called on him with her plans to organise an outing to visit the pleasure gardens that had recently opened in Barchester, a prosperous town about 40 miles away. This would undoubtedly be popular with the younger people in Henfield, and she proposed that the group should go in three or four carriages. That she had invited Richard at this early stage of the plan was a clear indication to him that his courtship was being favourably received, and it was inconceivable that he could refuse without appearing to reject her attentions. In his excitement at the progress of his courtship, he did not stop to consider how he could reconcile a long journey and a day out with his current very personal problem.

Only as the day of the outing drew near did this begin to worry him, but he thought that if he drank nothing before they left Henfield, he should be able to manage the 3 hour journey, and he was sure that he would be able to find some facilities for relief at the pleasure gardens. However, as an extra precaution against any delays on the journey, he wore two layers of thick, but close fitting, underwear under his fashionable, tight, grey breeches. 

The party assembled outside the Doctor's house at 7 am, and much to Richard's dismay, Prudence, Natalie's closest friend and joint organiser of the expedition, was dispensing copious quantities of tea and coffee to all, and he could not avoid drinking at least one large cup of tea before they left. He was in the leading carriage, together with Natalie, her elder sister Joanna and her husband Charles, and two of the vicar's daughters. It was a fine morning, and the road was dry and clear, so they made good progress, such that it seemed they would be at Barchester in less than the three hours that had been estimated for the journey. For Richard, who was already beginning to feel uncomfortable, this was partly welcome news, though the good condition of the road reduced the chances of a stop for repairs to one of the carriages. An hour later his need for relief was much more urgent, and he was having to sit with his knees pressed hard together to ease himself as best he could.

As they approached the pleasure gardens, Richard's needs became so urgent that he was forced to cross his legs to contain himself. He knew that it was considered impolite to do this in front of ladies, but his need to pee had become so urgent that this was the only way he could be sure of containing himself. To his dismay the pleasure gardens were crowded with people from Barchester, and he could not see anywhere private to relieve his very urgent needs. 

Seated in the coach, with his legs crossed, he was still in control, but he knew that standing, and walking would only increase the urgency to a level that he doubted his ability to contain it for long. As they left the carriage, his worst fears were realised, and he had to pause and press his legs together to contain himself. He had to find somewhere to pee as soon as possible, because he simply could not walk about the gardens for long without making a disgraceful exhibition of himself. 

The main attraction was a series of small carriages which were pulled round the gardens on an elevated track-way by a stationary steam engine, the first that had been seen in the area. Natalie had seen two of her friends from Barchester about to board one of the carriages, and hurried Richard over to join them. As he climbed the steps to the carriage, Richard, now desperate to pee, could not avoid a trickle of liquid escaping into his underwear. Sitting with his legs crossed again, he controlled himself, and prayed that no trace of his indiscretion would show.

He hoped that as long as he could sit with his legs crossed he could control himself, but ten minutes later he was not so sure. Frantic to avoid another leak, he resorted to the subterfuge of pointing out some attraction to the others in the carriage, and then, while their attention was elsewhere, gripping himself tightly, the only way he had left of controlling himself. He repeated this several time during the remainder of the ride, knowing that it was a terrible risk, but the alternative, leaking into his breeches, was unthinkable.

Natalie's friends then left them, but she wanted to continue the ride round the gardens again, making Richard suffer another 15 minutes of desperation. His only consolation was that she was mainly interested in trying to spot friends in the crowd, so Richard felt that there was little chance that she would notice how frequently he was now having to grip himself to hold back his pee. But this was only postponing the terrible moment when they would leave the carriage and he would have to walk in full public view again, a time when he would simply have to control himself unaided.

It was only by thinking of all the dreadful consequences of wetting himself that Richard was able to summon the strength to control himself as he walked about the gardens with Natalie, and even then he could only take short, stiff-legged steps and he had to stop frequently to twist his legs together. Knowing that he could not maintain this for long, he was urgently looking for anywhere that he might ease himself. When a gypsy fortune teller invited him into her tent for a private palm reading, he accepted simply for the chance to sit down and perhaps regain some control. Natalie agreed that he should be read first, while she waited outside, and that if he thought it suitable, then she would also hear her fortune. 

Richard had hardly sat down when he knew that he could hold his pee no longer, and oblivious to the gaze of the old crone of a gypsy, clutched himself with both hands as he had been about to spurt into his breeches. 

"I must ease myself," he leaned towards her to avoid Natalie hearing, "is there anywhere in this tent I can use'"

The old woman looked at him with contempt, seeing that he really was at the end of his tether. 

"I doubt that you would even allow an old gypsy woman to squat in the grounds of your fine mansion, however great her need, but now you ask to piddle in her dwelling, just because it is only a humble tent. A healthy young man like you should be able to contain his waters, and not disgrace himself in front of his young lady." The gypsy was no fool, and had guessed that for a young man to be in such urgent need so early in the day was a result of some sexual infection, and that he would be willing to do almost anything to avoid the lady outside knowing. 

Richard was doubled over, gripping himself with both hands, pleading with her, only seconds away from complete breakdown, willing to agree to anything so long as he could avoid flooding his breeches. Taking pity on him, the gypsy indicated a corner of the tent where the mats did not reach, and told him to kneel and water the grass there, watching with amusement as he hobbled there, trying to unbutton his tight breeches while still gripping himself, though her eyes widened when she saw the size of his manhood, and the pressure he spurted out with.

Relieved at last, Richard tried to regain his composure as he dressed himself, hoping that the dampness of his underwear would not seep though and show on his breeches, and then taking two golden guineas from his purse for the old gypsy. It was probably more that she would normally earn in a month, but he had had no choice, he had to maintain his dignity as a gentleman, and could never admit to such a need to a lady like Natalie. If only he had not accepted the tea that Prudence had been offering at the start of the journey, he might have been able to contain himself all day, as was expected of a man in his position.

When Prudence had heard of Natalie's plans to organise a trip to the pleasure gardens, she had enthusiastically encouraged them, and offered to assist her, not only because she dearly wanted to see the pleasure gardens, but because to long coach journey would offer her an rare opportunity to indulge her secret pleasure. Like most young ladies of her class, Prudence had learned the necessity of holding her 'waters' for long periods when away from home. This training had started when she was sent to a ladies finishing school where times for relief had been severely restricted, to prepare the girls for the social life to come. While Prudence hated the misery of sitting through hours of lessons enduring the agonies of a bursting bladder, she could not deny the pleasure she got when she was finally allowed to ease herself. She never dared mention this, not even to her closest friend, but the more she was made to contain herself, the more pleasure she obtained from finally releasing the flood. 

When she left school she continued to enjoy the glorious sensation that came from releasing the contents of an over-full bladder. Certain that it must be a sin to gain such pleasure from an indecent act, she never deliberately held out, but welcomed any situation that forced her into desperation. She anticipated that the long coach journey, followed by time in the pleasure gardens where there would be no facilities for the ladies to ease themselves, would put her into such a situation.

At breakfast on the day of the outing, Prudence drank her normal two cups of tea, noticing that neither her mother or sister even finished their first cup, though they would normally have drunk the same as Prudence. Before they left Henfield, she insisted in offering all of the party more to drink, using this as an opportunity to drink more herself.

When they reached the gardens, she was regretting this extra liquid intake, as her stomach was throbbing with the need for relief. She was wearing a long dress with numerous petticoats to keep the full skirt clear of her legs, and, in the carriage, covered by this, Prudence was able to cross her legs above the knees to help her contain an increasingly desperate need to pee. Forcing herself to hold on, and trying to walk naturally, she allowed herself to be lead to the queue that was forming to ride on the elevated carriages, trying to convince herself that the longer she had to contain herself, the greater the pleasure of the relief.

Her problem was that to obtain the greatest pleasure, she had to pee without restraint, which required some degree of privacy. As they did not wear underwear, it was common for desperate ladies to ease themselves under their skirts, but this was usually a controlled slow release that trickled discretely down their legs, invisible and inaudible, as they walked. Prudence fully expected that she would have to pee in this way, which was why she was wearing a full skirt, but she needed to stand with her legs parted so as to direct her stream downward and not soak her petticoats. Also, the pressure of her steam, and the force of it striking the ground, would be audible to anyone close to her, and she could not allow this to happen.

Prudence entered one of the carriages, hoping that being seated would make her more comfortable. It did for a while, but after 30 minutes she could think of little else except finishing the ride and finding somewhere to ease herself. She had identified several areas of long grass, where the flood under her skirts would not be noticed, and she urgently needed to be standing on one, just as soon as she could leave this carriage. Their dismounting point was in sight, and she was shivering with anticipation of the relief to come, when the train of carriages came to an abrupt stop, leaving them stranded at one of the highest points of the ride.

Only after they had not moved for several minute did it begin to dawn on her that this was not a planned stop, but some breakdown, a fact that was confirmed by the activity around the steam engine that powered the railway. The gentlemen in their carriage hastened to assure the ladies that they were not in any danger, and that they should sit and enjoy the view until the engine was repaired. Prudence tried to do this, but she could not ignore the agony of her swollen bladder, and she was having difficulty in sitting still as she struggled to contain her desperate need to pee.

At last, after the longest 30 minutes she had ever known, the carriages began to move again, but it seemed the problem was not completely cured, because they stopped several more times before the reached the dismounting point. By this time Prudence felt that she could not contain herself any longer, and she was thinking only of the relief that she would soon be enjoying, so much so that she could not prevent a trickle of pee escaping as she stepped out of the carriage. Stifling a groan as she fought to control herself, she excused herself to the group she was with, saying that she wanted to join her mother and sister. As planned, her path took her across some longer grass, and as soon as she reached this, she stopped, pretending to look in her handbag, and standing with her legs slightly parted, release the liquid she had been holding back for so long.

The pleasure was exquisite, and she closed her eyes as she allowed her pee to gush forth unrestrained, with greater pressure than she had ever known before and a very audible hiss as it left her body. The stream seemed endless, as she had never been forced to hold so much pee before, and while she wanted to savour every second, she was forced to begin walking again as she did not want to attract attention. This meant that she had to control her pee to a slower trickle, as ladies normally did under their skirts, to avoid splashing her petticoats, but she was still flushed with the pleasure from her release when she reached her mother.

Natalie's original plan had been that the party left the pleasure gardens soon after lunch, but many of the group were enjoying themselves so much that they suggested delaying their departure until 5 o'clock. This would still allow them to reach home in daylight, and the unspecified objections of Natalie and Daniel were overruled. They dared not admit it to anyone, but the reason for their objections was the same, they needed to pee very badly, and could think only of the relief that the privacy of their homes would bring. Natalie had been very strictly brought up, and her mother had never allowed her to relieve herself anywhere except in the privacy of a bathroom or her bedroom. Even as a child she had been forbidden to squat outdoors, and now as an adult, she could not conceive that she might ease herself under her skirt as she walked. Her liquid intake that day had been increased by the tea that Prudence had given her before they started, and two subsequent cups of coffee that Richard had bought her.

The owner of a local inn had set up a tent selling ale, coffee and other refreshments, and behind this was a secluded area where male patrons of the inn might relieve themselves. Richard had found this just as he was reaching a second crisis, and had bought Natalie the coffee as the only way he get his desperately needed pee, returning a second time when once again he was close to spurting in his breeches. Natalie was too polite to refuse these drinks, and could not possibly tell Richard of her own increasingly painful need. It never occurred to Richard that she might be suffering from such a need; ladies never mentioned such things, and he somehow assumed they had a magical ability to contain themselves as long as required.

Just before they were due to finally leave the gardens, Natalie was horrified to find that Richard was buying her yet more coffee, the last thing she needed as she already needed to relieve herself so badly that she could hardly walk. Richard was needing yet another pee, and dare not start on the journey home without emptying himself, not realising that in tending his own needs he was only increasing Natalie's misery.

She was suffering agonies from the pressure of her 'waters,' worse than she had ever experienced before, and the prospect of having to endure a three hour carriage ride was terrifying her. What if she was unable to contain herself until she reached home' She pushed this though aside. She had no choice, she simply had to contain her waters, no matter how much it hurt. There was, to her, absolutely no alternative, there were simply no provisions for refined ladies to ease themselves outside the privacy of their homes.

Sitting in the carriage provided some temporary easement for her, but after 20 minutes she was wondering how much longer she would be able to endure, as she had never in her life needed to pee so badly. She really had no choice, as all her training as a lady had taught her that in mixed company she could never admit to such bodily needs, and in the present circumstances, there was nowhere she could relieve herself anyway. 'A lady must learn to contain her needs at all times,' she had been taught at school, but surely there had to be a limit to her body's capacity. The jolting of the coach over the rough road was agony for her, and she began to think that she would soon pass out from the throbbing pain in her stomach.

She was hardly aware of her companions any more, almost totally consumed by the need to contain the frantic need to relieve herself, and it was some time before she realised that they were planning to stop at an inn for some refreshment on the way home. She began to protest at this, as her parents did not allow her to enter such places, and any stop would only prolong the time until she could reach the privacy of her home. Ten minutes later she was biting her lip to avoid crying out with the need to pee, and she knew she could never contain herself until she was home.

Her only hope of preserving her decency was to find relief at the inn when they stopped. She had no idea what facilities they would have for ladies to ease themselves, or where they would be, but if she could only get the innkeeper's wife or one of the serving girls alone, she would beg them to let her use their facilities. It was undignified to have to admit such bodily weakness to the lower classes, but she was in such distress that she no longer had any choice about this.

While some of the gentlemen in the party had agreed to stop at the inn for refreshment only, others were more in need of other facilities that they knew the inn would offer travellers. Unable to get away from their female companions during the day, they were now suffering considerable discomfort from their swollen bladders. Daniel, assistant manager of the local bank, was in extreme agony, as for the last two hours he had wanted to pee more than he had ever done in his life before. As Prudence's escort, he had acquiesced to her frequent requests for drinks, buying tea and coffee for both of them.

This liquid had given Prudence to another moment of pleasurable relief as she made some excuse to leave Daniel long enough for her release another flood under her skirts, but for Daniel it was taxing his body's capacity to the limit. Unable to find any excuse to leave Prudence for long enough to piss without her knowing, and not daring to mention so crude a subject directly to her, he had no choice but to force himself to wait.

By the time they had boarded their carriages, he had hardly been able to walk, and had already disgraced himself twice with involuntary spurts of pee. It was only that he was wearing black breeches that this had not been noticed, but he was miserably aware of the wetness, and knew that any further spurts would be increasingly noticeable. Frantic to preserve his dignity at all costs, he had bought leather boot-laces from a tinker, and willing to do anything to hold back his pee, had looped one lace round his manhood while hiding behind a carriage, pretending to re-adjust the lacing of his breeches. Now, as he prepared to climb into their carriage with the curate and his wife, he pulled this thong tighter, convinced that it would be some help in holding in his pee. 

The jolting of the carriage only made his need worse, and several time he had to fumble his hands into his pockets and pull the lace tighter as he felt himself about to spurt again. He groaned with the constant ache from his abdomen, which felt as if it would soon split open, but the pain each time he tighten the binding round his manhood was so intense that it made his eyes water. It was only the one, over-riding need, to preserve his dignity and decorum as a gentleman, and not either soil his breeches or leave the carriage and piss in the hedgerow that enabled him to endure such agony, and not to consider what damage he might be doing to his body.

When the reached the inn he was gritting his teeth to resist the pain, and afraid that if he stood up his organ would burst with the extra pressure, offered to stay in the coach and pay for the food for the horses, guessing that facilities for gentlemen to pee would be at the back of the inn. The curate also remained in their coach, and so did two other men in the other coaches, leaving Richard and a few other to escort the ladies into the parlour.

As the various coaches entered the inn yard, so the men jumped out and hurried towards the far wall of the yard, a stinking area used by the grooms to relieve themselves. Daniel, who thought he would die if he did not pee, staggered after then, hands pushed inside his breeches, trying to loosen the lace round his manhood while gripping it tightly enough to avoid an other spurt. 

Because Daniel could hardly walk he was in such pain, the other men were already pissing when he joined them facing the wall. Next to him, the curate was pouring forth a mighty stream from a bladder, though strengthened by many long services in cold churches, stretched almost to the limit of its capacity by the day's outing.

As Daniel faced the wall and pulled out his organ, a massive torrent of piss spurted out. His whole being had been screaming for relief, his bladder stretched to its absolute limit, and at last he could release the enormous pressure. Long the others had finished, Daniel's stream continued to gush against the wall. Ashamed to stand there any longer, he forced himself to stop, even if his body was not empty, and follow the others into the inn. The desperate need to piss had gone, but his stomach still ached, and he prayed that he had not injured himself pulling the lace so tightly round his organ.

Natalie shuffled into the inn, walking with her knees pressed together almost all the time, only her iron will-power, and years of training being made to hold her waters, enabling her to contain herself as she stood up. Because she could hardly walk, she lagged behind the rest of the group, and had even persuaded the attentive Richard to go ahead and find her a chair. She was only at the entrance to the inn when she had to stand still with her legs pressed together to contain herself.

She caught hold of the maid who was directing them into the room, and pulled her close, whispering in her ear that she urgently needed to be somewhere private. At first the girl did not understand what she meant, but after a second, more urgent request, and seeing the agonised look on Natalie's face, and the way she was holding her stomach, the simple girl realised that this refined, beautiful, lady needed to piss just like some gin sodden old whore in the public bar.

"I'm afraid we don't have no place suitable for a fine lady like you to go," she replied, the girl not knowing where should direct the lady. 

Natalie was at the end of her tether, almost fainting with desperation, tears in her eyes as she struggled to control herself and still preserve her dignity.

"Please, I beg you, I must have somewhere private to ease myself. Please, please, before I faint, take me somewhere, the place where you ease yourselves here, I will pay you for the privilege if only you help me."

This pleading only served to confuse the maid, as the land-lady did not allow the servants to use her bathroom, making them use the stable yard during the day, and she knew she could not take this lady there. Slowly her simple brain came up with a solution to this dilemma, encouraged by Natalie taking a silver florin from her purse.

"There's a po in our bedroom we use at night. Nobody would see you if you were to use that. Would that be good enough for you ma'am'"

By this time Natalie would have willing paid to be shown a empty stable she could stand in, because her iron control was finally breaking down, she could feel a trickle of warm liquid running down the inside of her thigh, and she was about to disgracing herself with a puddle on the floor. 

The maid lead Natalie towards the back of the inn, and into a small dark room, crowded with four beds. At the end of her endurance, Natalie doubled over, both hands pressed between her legs, the sheer desperation of her need overcoming all her inhibitions about doing such a thing. The maid pushed the door shut and pulled a chamber pot from under the bed and into the middle of the floor space. Natalie was frantically trying to pull her skirts up and out of the way, and crouch over the pot, almost losing her balance as she did so, and then appealing to the girl to help her.

With the maid steadying her, and holding her skirts clear behind her, she crouched until she was almost touching the pot, and finally allowed her waters to pour out. Despite her most desperate need, hers was only a steady, lady-like stream, not the gushing torrents of the men in the yard, and it was only the time this stream continued that revealed how badly she had needed to relieve herself. At last she was finished, and the maid helped her to her feet and showed her back to the parlour, glancing in amazement at the level of piss in the chamber pot. 

"It were more that the four of us can piss in a night, she did, I thought she were never going to stop," she told the other maids later, as she showed them the two florins the grateful Natalie had given her. "She were crying, holding herself like a little kid, and pleading to me to take her somewhere private. I ain't never seen a lady behave like that before. If she wanted to piss that bad, I don't know why she didn't stop the carriage and go behind the hedge. I would have done." 

"Not if you're a Lady you can't, and certainly not if there's gents present. The toffs don't ever have to show they want to piss," said one of the older maids, "When I worked at the coaching inn, I've seen coaches come in where the gents have done it in their trousers rather than say in front of a lady that they need a piss. And there's been ladies what could hardly walk they were in such a state, holding their tummy like they were afraid they would split open, and wet patches on the back of their dress an' all."

Back in the parlour, the inn-keeper and his wife were apologising that they had little to offer the party, calling in without notice, offering only tea for the ladies and ale for the men. Refreshed, they prepared to depart, the men going to call the coaches from the yard, Richard taking the chance to relieve himself yet again, fearful of the effect of ale on a two hour journey, and Daniel, still in pain from his ordeal, attempting to drain every drop of liquid from his body.

As she climbed into her coach, Prudence was already aching for relief again, and having just drunk a large cup of tea, was eagerly anticipating the pleasure that awaited her in the privacy of her bathroom at Henfield. In two hours, she thought, she would be in even greater need than she had been in the morning, pushing her body to new limits, and then, she hoped, reaching new heights of pleasure at the moment of release.

For her at least, the day's outing had been an unqualified success.

Rosemary, April 2000.

Notes: I refuse to let Neil take any credit for this month's entry, as the miserable spoil-sport will not let me experiment with strips of leather tied round his cock to see if Daniel's last resort tactics would actually work. So... maybe it would not, perhaps someone else who reads this can enlighten me on this. I can remember from school how boys would make comments like 'tie it in a knot' when one of them was desperate, but I have never seen 'one' long enough to get any sort of knot in. What do people do if they are in a situation like Natalie and Daniel, when they are absolutely at the end of their tether and yet simply cannot go. Now, of course, they would just demand the driver stop and then go in the hedge, but then'

Try as we might, Neil and I cannot find much information about the facilities in 18 and 19 Century. All we have been able to establish with any certainty is that ladies did not wear knickers until late in the 19th C, and that there were no public ladies loos in England until after 1900. Perhaps the vaguest of mentions in a couple of medical books that indicate that ladies did pee down their legs while standing or walking, but nothing definite. So, I have had to use my imagination for the story of the outing. I hope some of you enjoy it. 

