Title: My Night with Kelly Brook
  Entry to: Month 26
By: Neville

I’d always fancied Kelly Brook since she became a model,and presented tv shows like “The Big Breakfast” on Channel 4 and “Select” on MTV. I even sometimes wanked over her. One day , I saw a magazine competition-“Win a Date with Kelly Brook”,and the prize was of course ,a date with the lady at a plus London resteraunt. I felt I had to enter ,so I did,out of hope more than anything. I got a surprise a few months later,I got a telephone call saying that I won the prize-I was overjoyed at the prospect of meeting the lady I fancied. A few weeks later, and it came to the night of the date,of course I was nervous. I had put on a black tuxcedo with a white shirt and blue bow tie. A representative from the magazine collected me and we drove in this limo-it was grand.Within an hour, we reached the resteraunt and when I was shown to my table, there was Kelly Brook.She was wearing a long ,red sequined dress.

“Hello,” she said. “I’m Kelly, what is your name?”

“Er…he-he-hello,” I stammered,nervously and shook her hand.“I-I-I’m Nev-Neville.”

After the plesentaries, Kelly, myself and the mag representive sat down to have a meal. We had a lot to eat -and drink ,particularly white wine which both Kelly and I gulped down. We were talking about a lot of things,about the life in general, and I started to notice that Kelly’s attention was elsewhere. She started shifting in her seat and looked restless.

“What’s the matter, Kelly?” I asked.

“Er… nothing, nothing at all, "she replied.

She could’ve fooled me. When a lady starts shifting around in her seat,it almost indicates that she needs to go to the toilet. I always get excited if a woman gets desperate,but this time, it was Kelly who needed to go. I pretended to drop a spoon on the floor. As I looked under the table, I saw her legs were clasped tight together,and she put one hand in between her legs through her red dress. My prick immediately got a hard-on. She never told anyone that she needed to go during the evening- both the mag representative and I went to the toilet a few times though. As the evening wore on , she became more desperate, jumping on the seat , shifting from side to side and still had one hand between her legs.

Finally, she said,“Okay, I need to go now” and she got up to walk up to the toilet ,still holdind herself between her legs. I noticed a wet patch, the size of a football- she had peed in the back of her dress!! My prick stiffened further and nearly came in my pants. I didn’t mention it to her so not to embarrass her.

When I got home after the big night, I raced up to my bedroom, shut the door, and had the most intense wank of my life thinking about Kelly Brook’s desperation and mini accident.I came when I saw the wet patch in my mind. I’ll never forget that night for as long as I live.
