Maureen glanced up from her computer, suddenly becoming aware that the office was strangely quiet. Looking back to her screen she found that the clock showed a quarter to seven, she was alone and security would soon be round to lock up. Still, at least she had completed this horribly complex report. Saving it, she clicked on print and leaned back in her chair.As she relaxed her concentration she noticed something else – she was bursting for a wee. Thinking back she realised she hadn't been to the loo since lunch time and, while concentrating so hard on the report had managed to suppress the increasing pain in her bladder. She often did this, in fact she was renowned for it, always seemingly able to hold on much longer than her friends, and almost always without mishap. OK, so she had occasionally leaked a little when laughing hard while bursting, but then didn't most women?What Maureen didn't appreciate immediately was just how badly she needed to go. She had waited so long this time that her bladder muscles were almost numb with the strain. Checking that the system was about to print she felt the twinges in her bladder and decided that she really must take that walk up the corridor to the Ladies, knowing that if she didn't there was a real danger that she was going to wet her knickers at her desk.She stood up and immediately knew the extent of her predicament. The effect of gravity made her suddenly desperate. Legs crossed and two or three quick curtseys helped, as did the hand clasped tightly to her crotch through her skirt. The thought flashed through her mind that she really was going to have an accident in her knickers if she didn't get to the loo quickly, but quickly was not possible in her state.She stood there for what seemed like an age, legs tightly crossed as she struggled to keep control. As soon as she felt the spasms pass she headed for the door. A few steps and she felt a warm spreading wetness in her pants. Instinctively she clamped her legs together and managed to stop herself from losing all control. She felt a wave of panic – could she make it without leaving a puddle on the office carpet?Walking gingerly, stopping to squeeze her thighs tightly every step or so she hobbled towards the ladies loo. It was only 30 metres or so but seemed an eternity. She knew she was still dribbling wee into her knickers. The wetness trickling down her legs was clear evidence of that. At last, the loo. Pushing open the door she felt another spasm in her bladder, a familiar feeling when she reached a loo after waiting till desperate. This time was different, her control was already breaking down. This time she could't hold on with impunity. Pulling up her skirt as she went Maureen stumbled towards the welcoming toilet.Then, steps away from the safety of the cubicle the dam burst. She didn't even feel herself lose control, just the flood down her leg and the splashing of her wee on the tiled floor. She wet for several seconds before regaining some control, looking down in horror at the puddle round her feet. Quickly, she rushed into the cubicle, trying and failing to pull down her knickers and tights as she did so. Another spurt of wee into her pants and she gave up the fight, collapsing onto the toilet, as all control gone, she emptied her aching bladder through her already soaking knickers.She weed for ages and as the flow died away considered the horror of what she had done. All these years she had managed to hold on in all sorts of desperate situations with her underwear rarely even damp. Now here she was, 28 years old and she had just totally wet her knickers at work. But what was she to do now? At least she was on her own with no colleagues around, but she still had to get out to her car and drive home. She only carried spare knickers during her period, so she had nothing to change into, and anyway, her handbag was still locked in her desk.What was worse, going home without underwear at all, or wearing wet knickers and tights? She decided to keep them on, after drying herself and her clothes as best she could with paper towels. Back in the office she finished binding the report then gathering her things, walked awkwardly to the lift and on out to her car, feeling her knickers and tights clinging damply to her, rubbing her gently between her legs.The drive home was slow in heavy traffic and she soon found she needed to wee again – she had not fully emptied herself earlier and her strained muscles didn't help in holding it. She reached home and parked the car, finding renewed desperation as she got out of the car and headed for the front door. Where was her key? Standing there, hopping from foot to foot she searched the bottom of her handbag. Got it! Key in the lock. No, not again!Before Maureen could even get inside the door the hot wetness poured down her legs again. This time she made no attempt to stem the flow. Safely inside the door she felt the soaking wetness of her knickers between her legs, the warm wee trickling over her fingers as she squeezed herself. As she finished wetting her knickers for the second time in two hours her body responded to the pleasure, relief and her massaging fingers in the most pleasant way possible.
By: Poseidon