I Meet My Ex

Posted by luke1980 on August 24th, 2010 at 2:51AM

Yesterday night I met my exgirlfriend. We talked a lot we decided to meet again tonight.

She loves to make me hold...so she told me not to pee untill I see her this evening.

Well, my last pee was yesterday at 9pm...so i'm holding from 13 hours and i'm VERY FULL but I have to hold 12 hours more...i don't know how!!!Vote up! 4

8 Comments (add your own)

Snacer - 26-30 years old - male:

She will hold her pee till meeting also, for 25 hours? 

luke1980 - 26-30 years old - male:

yes...she held...and she is holding again.

we met 2 hours ago..i didn't pee for 25 hours and she didn't pee for 27

I was bursting and started to beg her to let me pee: she told me to hold a little longer, started to undress me and then touched my bladder. I couldn't hold anymore and I peed on her ahuge stream for minutes! she turned on for that and we made sex

She is still holding...i'll make her drink because I really want to see her desperate 

luke1980 - 26-30 years old - male: finally I can see her desperate! after 27 hours after her last pee I made her drink 1L of water, a coffe and a coke; after 1 hour another liter of water. After 2 hours she told me she need to pee very bad....but she could hold 2 hours more. After 32 hours and all this water she begged me to let her pee: her bladder was very hard and swollen. I let her pee in jug: she peed like an horse. With an huge stream and after 15-20 second the jug was full...she peed 1 liter....and begged me to empty the jug...then started again to pee at full force moaning in relief. She peed 2 liters and some drops on the floor. Next time I really want to see how long she could hold drinking normally 

Snacer - 26-30 years old - male: Wow, very hot! It would be great if you would write more longer story about this holding. :) 2 liters in bladder is a lot, but I wondered a bit how she was able to hold it so long, especially with 2 liters more intake, your GF should drink a little usually. My maximum bladder capacity is around 2L too, but if I drink as usually (I drink rather much of water), I never can hold 24 hours even without extra intake, because my bladder overfills itself earlier. I think I need have at least 3L bladder (seems completely unreal) to hold 24 hours with drinking as usually for me. Hope to read more stories from you! 

PeterP13 liked this

luke1980 - 26-30 years old - male: normally she drank 1 L every day, and some coffe, and these days are very hot...so probably not all the water goes in her baldder 

Snacer - 26-30 years old - male: I usually drink 3-3.5 liters (water, tea, coffee) every day. With 1 liter intake per day and with such big bladder your girlfriend can hold really long time. :) 

luke1980 - 26-30 years old - male: yes...she can hold 2 days, 40 hours more or less, and walk quite normal 

theholdmaster - 26-30 years old - male: Well done! I would have liked much to live such an experience, but i'd rather die than allowing myself to relieve before her. As you know my gf (at the moment ex-gf) is large bladdered too, but she doesn't like sex when extremely full. My plan is to make her enjoy the fullness feeling and see long time holding as a pleasurable game, not a necessity in case of trips or dirty toilets 

