This episode only happened 3 weeks ago so it is still very fresh in my mind. We had driven into the countryside to visit a lovely pub to have Sunday lunch. Jennifer looked terrific as always in a black polar knit jumper, short maroon skirt and black opaque tights. We finished the meal, went for a short walk (about 20 minutes or so) and got back in the car to start the 30 minute journey home. We had only been travelling for 5 or 6 minutes when I saw Jennifer fidgeting in her seat and the look I know all too well came across her face. "I'm not going to make it home, can you pull over?" We had just reached a small village so she was hardly going to pee in front of someone’s house. "Just as soon as we get out of the village," I replied. Well in the center of the village were some cross roads and the traffic lights seemed to be on red for ages. Jennifer really is very poor at controlling herself once she has to go– she already had her hand up the front of her skirt pushing it hard against her pubic bone. I could just make out her white panties through her tights. "Hurry up please, it is your car that’s going to get soaked if you don't!" Finally we reached a wooded area and I pulled over. Immediately she opened the door, jumped out and ran towards the wooded area. She had gone no more than 5 yards when she screamed and just froze to the spot. Within seconds I could see pee running down the inside of both legs. This was just the start –suddenly the pee came gushing from under her skirt bouncing on the ground between her feet. Four or five cars drove past as she wet herself, all of whom could clearly see what she was doing. After about 30 seconds she turned to me, still dripping and burst into tears. "This is entirely all your fault you bastard, why did you not stop sooner?" "I'm sorry I couldn't, there was a village." She was soaked poor thing, her tights, panties and skirt. "I hope you’re not getting in like that," I said. "Well, I am not walking home and thanks for the sympathy." "My golf bag is in the back, with some spare trousers, you can wear those." Well Jennifer stumbled off into the trees and I got my trousers out of the car boot and brought them to her. Her skirt was already hung over a branch and she was just about to yank down her wet underwear. She pulled them down to her knees, I could see droplets of urine on her dark thick bush. "Have you got any tissues?" "Sorry" I replied. She removed her underwear and wiped her pubic region with her skirt before putting my trousers on. They were enormous on her, and she looked like a clown. 
James