I was getting ready for a trip to the beach for a week with my boy friend. I lived about four hours away from the beach and was going to meet him there. I planned to leave after I finished up my job as a waitress. I packed some of my things and quietly went to bed. The next morning I got up around 9:00am. I put on a white tank top shirt, and squeezed into a small pair of shorts, about two sizes too small, showing off my body. Not needing to be at work until 3:00pm, I decided to go shopping around. After going to a few stores I was a little thirsty, so I got two beers, one for now and one for later– but I ended up drinking both pretty much one right after the other. A while later I got tired of shopping and started to leave for work; if you must know work for me is at a Pizza Inn. As I was heading for my car a small weak itch to pee hit me, but I ignored it and started off to work. On the drive there I stopped and got some lemonade to sip on while I worked. I got out of my car with the glass of lemonade half full and went in. It was a pretty normal day until I went up to this man's table; he looked to be about 28 or so, and asked him if he needed more tea. He told me no, but that he would like for me to fill up his glass with my wee. I was unsure of what he said at first but by the time I realized it he stuck his glass up to my pussy and said he didn't mind if I went wee in my shorts. He pushed it up against me so hard that I felt another weak urge to pee. I moved away from the glass and slapped the man in the face, and had him removed from the restaurant. After that was taken care of I went over to my best friend Ashley, who was also a waitress there, and asked her if it is right for girls to piss in their pants. She told me that a lot of young girls do it and that it feels good. I then asked her if she has ever pissed in her pants and her reply was that she only did it when she was bored. She then said that she usually just holds it in as long as she can and then relieves herself in a toilet. I found that gross and told her that I would never even think about doing something like that. As I was talking I was drinking my lemonade and by the time we were finished I was through with it and threw it into the nearby trashcan. It was nearing 5:00pm that's when I needed to leave for my romantic week with Chris. The whole time I was working after I talked with Ashley I kept thinking of how disgusting it was to WEE in your pants. I thought that holding it in for a while though wasn't that wrong. I got in my car and started off. There was a cooler beside me full of drinks, just in case I got thirsty. I know I drink a lot but I can't help it, I'm a girl. I got a Pepsi out and started drinking it. Before I had gone three miles it was gone. I tried to hold off and wait before getting another too soon. (Just to keep you up to date I had drank two beers, a large cup of lemonade, and a Pepsi). The car was low on gas so I stopped at gas station for just a few minutes to fill up the tank, and as I did so I noticed again that my bladder was becoming full. I didn't pay it any attention and got back in the car; I wanted to see how it felt to hold my pee in like Ashley had told me. Planning only on holding it until the next town, which was about an hour away, I opened another Pepsi, took a sip and sighed for it would be 9:00pm before I would be at the beach. There weren't many cars on the road so I was going a little over the speed limit. In about five minutes I was done with the next Pepsi and felt it go down making my bladder even more full. I saw one rest area but remembered what I had decided to do and passed it. For the first time at holding my pee in I thought I was doing great; it wasn't even that hard. Then I realized that I had been on the road for about 40 minutes, which wasn't long compared to how long Ashley held it, but still I thought I was doing well for my first time. I drank half of a Cream Soda that I had and saw a sign saying detour. It seemed that the bridge I was going to take to get to the town was out. I had to go almost all the way around the town. Then I got totally lost. I wouldn't be able to get to the town so I kept going. I drank the Cream Soda as I remembered why I wanted to go through the town... I was going to relieve myself there. I didn't worry too much though; I had control of my pee. By now I have drunk two beers, a large cup of lemonade, two Pepsis, and a Cream Soda, and was starting to find myself wiggling and fidgeting in my seat. I knew that it was time to go so I looked for a gas station; one came along that looked sort of old. I stopped and got out, stretching for a minute or two. Hey, I know all the men were staring at my body but driving for an hour and a half can do that to a girl like me. I stepped inside and looked around to see if I could find a restroom. I didn't see one so I asked the man at the desk if I could wee–wee anywhere, putting on a desperate face while trying to look cute. He said that the restroom is for employees only; so I asked him when I could start on the job. He just told me all the positions were filled. I left the store calmly and got back in my car and left. I drank one more Pepsi and continued to drive. For some reason I couldn't stop wiggling. I'd been on the road for two and half–hours and wished now that I had stopped at that rest area. Holding my pee in is not my style; I decided. I'm a young sexy girl who likes to stay dry. Then I had a dumb idea –I decided to call Ashley and ask her for help. It rang 5 times and then she answered and told me sorry but she was peeing. She had known that it was I because she had a caller I.D, but she probably would have told that to anybody else too. I told her that I had been trying to hold in my pee but if she did not help with some good advice I was going to have an accident. She then got serious and told me just to relax and she wanted to know if I liked how it felt. I told her at first that I did before but now it was going to come out. She said to just hold on and try to wait until the next town. It was the beach town, an hour away. I told her that I would try and then hung up. I squirmed and waved my legs from side to side. Trying to concentrate on the road at the same time. I pulled over once to squeeze the crotch of my pants tight. Then I kept going. I was biting my lower lip so hard that I could taste blood. I was a clean girl and hadn't pissed my shorts since I was 4 years old, and I didn't want to start again as a 23–year–old woman. As I hit a bump in the road a short stream of warm urine spurted out. I didn't like it much, but the warmth felt soothing. Just then I started to let more out so I quickly shut my legs. I pulled over to see how bad it was. I had an oval shape about as long as the lips of my pussy in the middle of my panties. I thought about calling Ashley, but she would just tell me to let it out. I twisted around in my seat. I unzipped my tight shorts and stuck my hand in and squeezed as hard as I could. I was now kneeling backwards in the seat. I was wiggling up and down as fast as I could. I stopped and tried to think of what I could do. Then I stuck my slightly damp ass back in and as soon as I did that it hit the horn, making me jump up; you can only guess what happened next. The wet, warm pee gushed out. I tried to stop it but it burned so badly that I had to release the pressure. I just went and it felt sooo good –I couldn't keep my eyes open. The warm pee immediately penetrated my panties and two sizes too small shorts. It lasted over two minutes. I loved it. When I stopped I sat back down hitting the horn again letting out a long stream of my pee. I called my boyfriend, Chris, and told him to get ready for a good sex when I got there. I guess I should have peed in that man's glass after all.
Alice