Story of a Normal Guy

By 'Airman'

Introduction

Every word written in this account is TRUE - absolutely. It is an account of my life with my "peculiarity". I have written it to help others understand that our little kink is in no way disgusting or perverted - it is a normal part of life itself. I have disguised only a few unimportant details and some names, for obvious reasons. 

So many times I have seen in postings the loneliness, despair, and even self-loathing of people like me who have this harmless, actually rather ordinary, desire to experience the urination of beautiful women. I have found fulfillment in my life and I hope this true account serves to reassure others who think they are abnormal or perverted. To all of us then, -and particulary to those brave souls on the Internet like Thomas and Patches who openly celebrate our shared interests as the sweet addition to erotic life they are - this small work is dedicated.

To those of you out there in hiding - be reassured you are quite normal and by no means alone. Happiness is possible, nay even probable when you acknowledge yourself and find an understanding partner. And the ladies: well, the ones I have met are usually more than happy to contribute to my happiness when we establish a warm and loving foundation. One of the alternate purposes of this work is to show men how they can bring up the "forbidden" subject and even find that most ladies, as has been my lucky experience, will happily gratify them and even find it arousing themselves. 

TODAY

I lie back in the narrow bathtub - J's. feet are wedged between my calves. J is my current girlfriend here in Asia where I am stationed for a year - she is 3/4 Filipina and 1/4 Chinese, with long luscious tan legs and cute Chinese eyes. Right now she is standing up in the tub facing away from me, leaning forward with her hands against the wall. I look up at her exquisite bare bottom, stuck out toward me with her fat-lipped little pussy tucked underneath. She has just a fuzz of black straight hair that doesn't conceal her plump labia at all. Her inner lips are completely concealed by her outer lips, like a little girl's.

"C'mon, honey" I coax her.

"I shy!" she responds in her cute little-girl voice, giggling.

Slowly it begins, at first just a thin slick stream falling from her pussy. Then she relaxes more, and her rich amber morning urine begins to flow. It parts her labia and pours from her young body in a thick, twisted golden river. 

"Oh, god" I moan as the pee splatters all over my aching erection and balls, strategically positioned under J's outthrust bottom. I can't resist grabbing my cock and jacking it with ecstasy as J's scalding hot girl-pee pours down all over it. 

She is looking down and back between her legs at me, watching my reaction to having my dick peed on. I hear her sigh with relief, and possibly with some arousal at the sheer eroticism of what we're doing.

I can't resist - I sit up and kiss her outthrust satiny-soft buttocks. I slip my mouth down to where J's watery gold is still pouring copiously and uninhibitedly from her crevice, and take in a mouthful of the warm salty-tasting urine. The strong morning piss of a beautiful young woman - sure, it tastes like pee, but it is also rich in the indefinably arousing hormonal perfumes that tell me this is the output of a sexy young woman's body. These are the pheromones all mammals go for - like a dog smelling a spot on the ground where a female dog has peed. It is part of our basic biological makeup to love it.

She is watching me with mingled awe and amazement, that anyone should love and adore her body so much. but she also accepts it unquestioningly as perfectly natural. That is one reason J is my girlfriend rather than any number of other women. She is naturally sensuous and not overly hung up on labelling things - she treats life as a succession of new experiences, and is childlike in her acceptance and ability to learn.

She was also a virgin when she came to me - she has no one to compare me with. Like many Asian girls, she is very chaste, but when she found a man she wanted - me - she did everything I asked in order to please me. If I wanted to watch her pee, or slip a hand underneath her bottom to catch her spurt and let it flow through my fingers - well, why not? 

In her person she is absolutely clean - she smells of nothing but soap, shampoo, and warm girl- skin. But she is not overly troubled by toilet hang -ups. Before and after we have sex, she washes herself on the toilet with a hand-spray. And it is part of our normal routine now that she calls me whenever she has to urinate, so I can share the delight of watching and feeling her fuzzy, fat-lipped pussy as it shoots out her bladderful of young-woman pee. After she finishes, we both wash up with the hand spray and continue our adventures on the bed. My dick is a throbbing iron bar by the time J's pee dies away. I stand up and wash my face and mouth under the shower.

She instinctively understands my arousal - the shower stall is too small for us to have sex in, but she takes hold of my aching penis and masturbates me vigorously with her soft little hand. I am so hot for her after tasting her urine and feeling my darling girl take that strong hissing morning pee all over my genitals, that it only takes me a minute of stroking before I gasp and pump spurt after spurt of semen against J's tan thigh jammed between my legs. She holds me tight as I come, shuddering.

Gently she washes us off, and my erection softens. She sits down on the rim of the tub, instinctively understanding and wanting what I am about to do. As my penis hangs more limply, my own pent-up urine forces its way down my urethra and a tight stream jets from my dangling member. She takes hold of it, gently holding the head between two fingers, and directs my stream over her thigh. After I finish, she sprays her thigh off with water, and we cuddle there in the shower, in that far off city in Southeast Asia .......... 

I have never felt so close to another human being in my life.

###

Fiction? Well for years, until I learned not to be ashamed of myself and my sexual desires, this WAS fiction for me. But now at the age of 43, I have learned better, and yes, every word you have just read is as true as I could recount it. This happened to me last week. And tonight, when I go home, I guarantee you I will not go to sleep without having J take her bedtime pee in a long hot spattering stream all over my hand, cupped underneath her soft bottom. It is as much part of our routine as a couple as showering in the morning or getting a cup of water for the bedside table before sleep.

Oh I'm lucky you say? Yes, I am but I think no more than other men. I have wanted this all my life, but the process of getting the courage to make it real has taken me decades. How did I get here - from a horny kid with a shameful fascination, to a satisfied mature man lying back in the tub while a beautiful Asian girl takes a sizzling pee all over my cock and balls? 

This is my story. It's all true.

###

Since childhood, I have been fascinated with the mysteries of femininity. The only thing more fascinating to me than the sight and touch of a girl's or woman's cunt was - you guessed it - getting to see that dear puss shooting forth its jet of warm female peepee. It was so different from my own rather uninteresting hosepipe. 

EARLY MEMORIES

I was fascinated with watching my mother - a beauty contest winner in her youth - come into the bathroom and pull down her panties, sit on the toilet, and urinate. Her pee came out with what seemed to me a HUGE gushing and splashing. But I never got a chance to see how it came out of her body, since she kept her legs tightly together. All I could see was a flash of dark pubic hair when she stood up and pulled up her pants.

She kept this up until I was about ten or eleven, and it may well be the foundation of my fascination with female urination. I do not consider it to be a fetish, because it is not strictly necessary to my sexual gratification - more like an "extra added attraction". I should perhaps emphasize that in the accounts below of pee-adventures with my girlfriends, I have left out the 95% of our sex lives that consisted of more or less normal intercourse, oral sex, and ummmm.. kissing and licking every part of their dear bodies.

When I was only about five I remember playing in the garage with a cute female cousin of my own age. We were sitting with our legs spraddled facing each other, when she pulled the leg of her little-girl panties open to show her dainty slit, and to my astonishment, began to pee! I'll never forget how her stream came out flattened from between her labia, and how I sat fixated, watching the dark wet pool spread across the concrete towards me. Then I remember our mothers coming out and taking us back inside, saying "We have to play 'nice' or we can't play outside" or something of the sort. This colored my feelings toward my cute cousin for a LONG time - and I was to have many more adventures relating to her urinations after reaching my horny adolescence.

Then when I was eight, another female cousin and I played "house" in the woods. I remember opening my pants and showing her my little penis at her urging, and she lowered her pants and showed me her little hairless vulva. While she watched with great interest I pissed against a tree and begged her to also pee outside. She refused, saying she didnt want to get her panties wet. But later that day inside, she beckoned me into the bathroom with her, she took down her jeans, sat on the toilet, and rewarded me with a chance to watch her taking a musically tinkling pee. But she kept her legs together so I couldn't see it coming out, something I dearly wanted. From then on I was hooked. I tried to see females urinating any chance I got - especially strange ladies. I had a little sister, but she was not very interesting, although I remember watching my mother changing her diaper.

Suddenly she began to pee and I watched in fascination as the little stream emerged, arcing up in a flat gush from between the pink little lips between her legs. Once when she was about six, and I was thirteen and getting very horny, I followed my sister into the toilet and made her open her legs while she peed - I looked down between her thighs and could only dimly see a tight spurt of clear liquid shooting forward and hitting the inner rim of the toilet bowl. But she made a fuss and I was afraid she'd tell my folks, so I never tried that again.

But I was most fascinated with other ladies, older ones. I had two cute aunts and when I could do so unobserved, I would stand outside the bathroom door and listen to them peeing, hearing the characteristic soft hissing and splattering against the toilet rim sometimes, other times hearing a solid jet pouring down to splash in the bowl. This inevitably gave me a trememdous erection, and I couldn't help staring at them after they emerged and imagining them perched on the pot with their panties down and hot pee jetting from under their round grown-up-ladies' bottoms. 

I had one aunt in particular who would often not quite close the door, and I could clearly hear every drop! I was about 15 by this time and would sometimes get so turned on I would masturbate outside the door to the sound, and come even before they were finished! My foxy aunt had a bathroom in her house that had louvers on the door giving me a front-row auditory seat. She was the mother of my cute cousin my age who had peed with me in the garage, and I got to hear my cousin's squirts in detail too. It was incredibly arousing when I was a horny teenager to hear my cousin in there, from the first hissing, relieving gush to the final clenching spurts and dribbles.

From the bed I slept in when I stayed while visiting them, I could hear every detail in the mornings, when I would be awakened by the sound of the toilet seat thunking down. I would masturbate lying there and listening to the sound of my pretty 15-year-old cousin emptying her bladder in a sizzling splash. The ultimate, though, was to actually see a female on the toilet, or even better squatting outdoors. Our family had a farm, and every so often I would get a chance to be in proximity to a woman or one of my cousins or aunts when they had to pee outdoors.

This aroused me beyond belief - I used to have fantasies where they would take me in the bushes with them and let me watch while they squatted with legs open and pee spurting from between their hairy cuntlips. They were pretty good about hiding themselves, and usually the closest I got was to find a fresh little pee-pool on the ground with a tissue beside it. Feeling horribly perverted and ashamed of my desires, I would sniff the tissue and even dig at the leaves and grass they had sprayed with their exquisite liquid - and got my first taste of how good a pretty woman's pee smells and tastes. It was fantastic, to a horny adolescent.

I got to listen, but never to see! Even when I could catch a glimpse through a bathroom door open a crack or a keyhole, I just saw them sitting there. I became an expert in female pee- sounds, how younger girls and teenagers like my cousin would shoot theirs out in a tight hard stream, while older women usually peed in a thick gushing waterfall. I was struck how every woman peed differently, and even peed with different sounds each time. I became an expert in distinguishing between the hissing sound of pee shooting from between cuntlips, to the splattering when it hit the porcelain rim, to judging volume and strength when the stream shot down into the water with a loud splashing.

More than anything I wanted to SEE how it came out of their dear bodies and most secret parts, what angles it shot out at depending on how full they were and how tight their bladder-muscles were. I longed to have a good look and satisfy my curiosity about how the private act of female peeing was accomplished. Many night I fantasized about having a compliant girlfriend who would open her thighs and let me watch as all the warm liquid within her spurted out of her pussy. BUT - I had to have a girlfriend to find out! And how embarrassing- how could I tell her I wanted to watch her pee? So I remained in torment, secretly listening whenever I could and ashamed of my secret.

Until ....

###

MY FIRST GIRLFRIEND 

When I entered college I got my first girlfriend and lost my virginity at last, at the age of 17. We would lock ourselves into my dorm room and screw our brains out. Luckily for me there was no bathroom she could use in the men's dorm, but there was a sink in the room. Between rounds when she had to go, she would hop up and sit on the sink rim, and ease her bladder sitting right in front of me. I feigned great noncha- lance, but had difficulty concealing the huge erection I got at the sight of her sitting there nude and pissing. She had large breasts, and watching her sit there with a long sizzling splashing coming from under her bottom really turned me on. I was dying to go and see it coming out, but was too embarrassed to ask her if I could watch. Too bad! I regret it now, because I know she would have accommodated me with pleasure. 

Our relationship went on until one day we both went to a large outdoor music festival - separately, because of our class schedules. At that festival, I saw two coeds pee in the woods, pulling down their jeans and letting fly with their bare bottoms stuck out. The view turned me on unspeakably - hiding behind a big tree I watched them relieve themselves. One girl squatted low, but the other just bent forward with her hands on her knees while an inch-thick twisted stream of clear beer pee flowed down from under her outthrust buttocks. I was so excited when they left I went to where they had peed and picked up some leaves that had thimblefuls of clear watery pee in them and drank. It turned me on so much to taste the still-warm urine that had moments before been in a cute young woman's belly that I pulled out my cock and spurted my load all over a tree trunk in three strokes, holding that sweet young woman's pee in my mouth. 

When I got home my girlfriend S. was there and she told me she had been to the same festival, and had gone into the woods to pee on some rocks. I was incredibly aroused - and when a bit later she went into the bathroom, she left the door open! I waited until she pulled down her jeans and panties and sat down, and then came in. Wordlessly, my heart pounding with excitement, I worked her jeans and panties down from her knees to her ankles and gently opened her thighs. A musical tinkle told me she had already started.

And there it was. From her thickly furred bush was jetting a pencil-thick stream of watery 18-year-old-girl-pee, spurting in a forward and downward direction, and slightly to her right, deflected by her labia.

I watched hypnotized the goal of my most secret desires, until the stream died away and she wiped with tissue. "Wow", she said. "Nobody ever watched me pee before!" I was prepared to be called a pervert, but she seemed just a little suprised that I would want to watch her pussy peeing. I realized that I could actually look and get away with it. Instead of this striking her as disgusting and perverted, she was just a bit surprised and even perhaps a little flattered that her body and its functions attracted me so much!

I had discovered ........ 

THE GREAT SECRET

I had discovered a great secret. I was to fully realize later that most women are aware that their bodies, so ordinary and sometimes even a bit gross to them, hold great fascination to horny men. One girl said to me in college once that she had no idea why men wanted to put their mouths "down there", given what pussies usually did every day and once a month. So they are mystified but also take for granted that we are under a strong biological attraction - and if we want to see them pee they put it down to the same cause. And they're right!

Almost all of my later girlfriends - with one or two exceptions- allowed me to gratify my interest in their urinations. Generally they were not particularly interested in my whizzing, beyond wanting shyly to hold my penis once or twice to see how men could aim when they peed. But they did not find it horrible or perverted, as I had feared, that I wanted to share intimacy when they peed out of their cute pussies. They more or less took it for granted after I had said that I did, and cooperated when they found out how much it excited me.

I have now played pee games with -let's see- eight different pretty girlfriends, most of whom I have had long-term (more than 2 years) relationships with, doing everything from watching them go to having them pee on my cock, thru my fingers, (which I love) and even in my mouth. They are all different and took to it with different degrees of shyness, but they all cooperated happily to make my fantasies come true. Some had "limits" - one would let me watch all I wanted, but didn't like it when I put my fingers in her stream, and *definitely* wouldn't pee on me.. but most, once they realized how much it turned me on, were pleased to give me this additional sexy gratification. They seemed to realize instinctively that this wasn't some revolting infantile toilet perversion, but a wholesome, normal form of mammalian sex play that allowed the male to smell the female's pheromones. Most even got a bit turned on by it as well - through watching how excited it made me! 

So, my fellow urolagnists, take heart. Your dream girlfriends are out there - but before you go onto "Hey- can I watch you pee?" you have to adore them and get close to them naturally. I would never approach a woman just for pee-purposes - this is the stuff of fantasy and pornography. You'll find if you strike up a natural and loving relationship with a woman, she will usually, unless very hung up sexually, (and this is definitely the type you DON'T want for a girlfriend) be happy to let you play with her pee all your little heart desires.

###

I am in such a relationship now. This morning my darling little Filipina/Chinese girlfriend J. and I peed together in the shower as usual - in fact she says "let's take a shower" as our private code for "let's pee together". First she sat on the edge of the tub and peed, while I knelt before her and nuzzled her squirting pussy. (If there is anything more arousing than putting your face between your beloved's thighs while she lets go, kissing her inner thighs and pussy lips and letting the hot salty stream of female pee play over your lips and tongue, i don't know what it is!) Then she stood facing me and held my semi-rigid dick while I pissed. She turned it this way and that, directing the squirt up to her tits and all over her soft belly, watching the swollen spraying head with delighted fascination. I think I just might marry her.

###

THE OTHERS 

You might be interested to know some details of my adventures with other girlfriends - well of course you are, you horny devils! Since I am making this autobiography for posting by my friends Patches and Thomas, and their sites are pioneering in the type of acknowledgement of urolagnic sexuality I advocate here, I'll spare nothing.

I have had a lot of vicarious pleasure from the postings of others on the aformentioned sites, and I hope my adventures posted here- all strictly true, mind you - will motivate others to fulfill themselves. ANd maybe give back some vicarious pleasure to others! I really believe that many more couples are into watersports than would ever dream of acknowledging it. Look at how rigidly our society segregates the sexes in bathrooms - everybody KNOWS that female peeing is a highly sexual activity, and most women I have talked to know for sure that men are turned on by watching them pee!

I have no motivation to lie: I am anonymous and give no real names, and this posting I hope will be much more an inspiration for others than an ego-trip for me. I am in my 40's now and if you think I am lying or just lucky, bear in mind I have had a long time to practice my interests, and as a strong heterosexual, I adore women. I am no great cocksman or seducer, but I have had a number of girlfriends, and here are some true stories of my adventures.

###

D.

D. was (and is) a slim brunette of astonishing beauty. After I broke up with my first girlfriend above, I fell in love with her. I adored her, but was really shy about my "interests". When she went into the bathroom, I would listen as usual and discovered she was an astonishing peer - within her slim body was a very large, strong bladder. She would hold it a long time and then pee in an enormous sizzling, splattering stream that went on and on until my erection outside the bathroom door was enormous. 

I went with her for several years - she lived and went to grad school in a different city, so I only got to see her twice a year. She was gorgeous, with long brown hair and huge eyes and lusciously full lips - I often wondered how I got this lucky! 

The breakthrough came on Chrismas vacation when she came to stay with me for a few weeks. We spent most of our spare time in my room making love. The bathroom was outside in the rest of the house I shared with 2 roommates. In the mornings we would go together into the bathroom and she would sit down and take a long loud morning pee while I watched.

One morning I was overcome with desire for her and said "Can I feel?" Sitting there on the potty, she looked up at me with her big eyes and nodded, and I knelt down beside her. I slipped a hand behind and under her bottom. As I slid it under while she was peeing, I first felt a trickle over my fingers, and then slipped it farther forward into the main stream. 

"OH!" I gasped as I felt her scalding hot pee shooting urgently into my palm. Her stream was tight and hard, and felt unbelievably hot - it was the first time a woman had even peed on any part of my body. I was in ecstasy!

I hugged her tight and when she finished I spread her thighs and gently blotted up the golden drops in her crotch with toilet paper. Then we went back to the bedroom and screwed like demons all the rest of the day.

The next morning I awoke her by playing with her pussy. "I have to pee" she whispered, and my hard-on throbbed like mad. I lay her on her back and put my mouth over her pussy, licking her adoringly. Then I pushed my tongue into her vagina and pressed gently on her belly. She didn't get the idea at first, and seemed disbelieving when I told her I wanted her to pee in my mouth. But she cooperated and lay back while I put my expectant mouth over her sweet wet pussy.

She couldn't do it even after straining a bit in that position - a not uncommon occurrence I was to find later, when a lady is asked to pee for the first time in any way other than in the standard porcelain. We tried a few positions - her kneeling over my face - and she still couldn't, although she was in some discomfort and kept rubbing her lower tummy. Finally I lay on my back and she squatted over my face, literally sitting her elegant tail on my mouth and resting her weight on me. I felt her vaginal muscles push in and out.. there was an endless moment of expectation... and then: Pssssst! 

A hot quick squirt of richly concentrated feminine piss shot into my mouth. Her muscles contracted briefly - and then she relaxed and the floodgates opened and her strong, steady, urgent stream of pee jetted into my mouth as I sucked on her beautiful fuzzy vulva.

Oh God! It was incredible - I loved her to death, and the feeling of her piss shooting into my mouth gave me an instant orgasm - my untouched penis jerked as spurt after spasmodic spurt of semen shot out onto my lower belly. It was one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had in my life. SSSSSS! Her strong womanly piss-stream filled my mouth almost instantly and I gulped the first two mouthfuls desperately, but I couldn't keep up. I had to lift her off and pull my mouth away to breathe. She was staring at me in semi-disbelief, looking at my semen-sprayed belly, but her urge to pee was still intense as she had had to cut it off mid-stream. She gestured urgently, and I grabbed a glass and gave it to her and watched in delight as she squatted over it and filled it up right to the top!

After that we discussed what had happened - she couldn't believe I wanted to do that, but I explained I loved her so much that I wanted to, and gave her a book of Havelock Ellis' that explained Unidinism and urolagnia. She read it in fascination.

Every morning after that I went with her into the bathroom. She would pee in the toilet, and I would watch in delight as her darling stream spurted from between the flaps of her pussy against the porcelain rim. Then when she finished she would get up, bend over, and turn her tail up to me - and I would lovingly lick her bottom dry, lapping up all the drops clinging to her labia and the crevice of her ass. God, I adored her!

In our room sometimes she would pee in the jar we kept, and I would hold the jar under her sweet pussy and get a close up view of the exquisite, fanlike stream. I never tired of it. Sometimes before sleep she would tell me her bladder was full, and I would cover her sweet pussy with my mouth and let her take her last piss of the day into my eagerly awaiting mouth, greedily swallowing every last drop. I found it was much easier to drink her pee later in the day than to drink up all her strong concentrated morning urine.

Some memorable moments: Once at night she knelt over my mouth and put a towel around my neck to catch any misses. She took a long, watery piss right into my mouth like it was her private toilet bowl. I couldn't swallow fast enough and her hot piss ran down over my cheeks and neck. Ummmmm.... 

Another time we came back from shopping and she had to go - so I had her kneel on the bed and pulled her panties down with my teeth. Her bottom stuck out charmingly, and I put a big cup under her and told her to let go. Her position caused the lips of her pussy to open up, and I had a delightful view of her little pink pee-hole as it opened up and delivered its strong, pale amber pencil-thick jet of ladypee. I couldn't resist putting my open mouth under it and drinking from my darling just like from a water fountain. God, it was good - rich and tangy and strongly smelling and tasting of pure female hormones.

I'll never forget the feeling of opening my mouth and having D's solid stream hit my tongue and fill my mouth with the warmest, most wonderful liquid in the world - the pee of a healthy beautiful young woman you love very much. Whenever I went with her to pee I got into the habit of licking her dry, which she seemed to enjoy very much. She would turn around and bend over, and I would carefully lick every last droplet from her pussy and the crevice of her sweet bottom, where it would sometimes trickle down. She was very clean and all she ever smelled of was fresh female pee and warm sweet girl.

Outdoors she would pee in front of me without hesitation, pulling down her jeans and panties and making a big puddle between her shoes. Once she peed in a horse stall while I peeked under the partition and watched her ragged pee- jet spraying forward from under the curve of her smooth bottom.

---- One my most erotic incidents with D. I remember - We were at an old farmhouse we visited sometimes, and she took an afternoon nap. I saw her get up and go into the bathroom - it was just twilight. I followed her in and saw her settle her exquisite round tail on the toilet seat. Without a word, I came up and knelt beside the toilet, and slid a hand down her back and cupped it under her soft buttocks. OH!" she said, mildly suprised.

I hugged her tight and could feel her straining to go. Her soft pussy twitched against the hand cupped under it to catch its warm gift of gold. I felt her relax. Slowly, a trickle of hot pee at first, then building and building in force, she began to urinate. Oh man! It was one of her enormous ones, a tummyfull of warm 30-year-old lady - peepee. The stream sizzled and drilled into my palm as it flowed and flowed, filling my cupped hand up and spilling thru my fingers, and running hot and wet down my arm. 

"Oh, God, D. I love you!"

I hugged her tight and she turned her face and kissed me hard right there, without pausing a second in the scalding stream that seemed to be drilling a hole in my palm. On and on it went, until it finally slowly slackened. Again and again she had filled my cupped hand with her gift of hot female water. She stood up and stuck her bottom out toward me. Lovingly, I licked her crotch out thoroughly, revelling in the warm female taste of her pee. I had some cupped in my hand and I raised it to my lips and drank it as I watched her wiggle her sweet bottom into her jeans. 

I was so filled with love and lust for her I threw her down on the bed and did her twice right there.

-- Even if we weren't having sex play, I would accompany her into the bathroom and hold my hand between her thighs while she went, delighting in feeling everything from the first hesitant warm pssst! to the final dribbles and squirts. Then I would lick her dry - this led to many an unplanned bedroom session.

She seemed mildly suprised by all this attention but later came to accept it as normal. I explained I did it because I loved her so much and found her irresistible - which was totally true! 

D. never much got into me peeing except once when we were taking a bath - we were hot and horny and geting carried away. I felt her pee as usual and then we stepped into the bath. "Wait, " I said - and standing behind her I forced my stream through my erection - hard to do! But it came out and I shot a jet all over her round perky butt. When she felt its warm wet heat she went rigid and I heard her gasp in excitement - then she turned round and took hold of my cock and directed the spurt all over her taut belly.

I bore down and really wet all over her as we both looked down at the sight of my jetting dick and the amber pee running all over her tummy. But all good things must come to an end and we broke up later - I still see her sometimes, we still correspond, and the last time she came to see me - yes! She let me hold my hand under her just like old times as she took a HUGE torrential piss that went on and on.... and then I told her "bend over" and without a word she bent over and let me lick and suck every clinging drop from her sweet crack. She is still a very beautiful woman. I still adore her. 

###

L.

L was my next girlfriend, a slightly plump blonde with very pink skin and a sweet disposition. To my delight it was SHE who brought up my favorite subject. One evening when we were making love she went into the bathroom where I was at the sink and plopped herself down on the pot.

She must have noticed my interest because she said "Want to watch?" and giggled.

"Yeah!" I knelt in front of her and watched avidly as an delicate trickle of yellow "tee-tee" (as she called it) made its way from between her lips and trickled down over her labia and the inner curve of her buttocks. 

Later I saw that she prepared for lovemaking by always peeing first to be comfortable. I would accompany her on this mission and watch while she sat with legs apart and showed me her stream trickling or spurting, depending on how full she was. She refused to pee anywhere but on the toilet, although she did squat for me and pee outdoors twice while I watched.

Between rounds of lovemaking she would go for a pee, and the sight of her blonde pussy spraying would never fail to get me ready for another go-round. Once she accomodated me by getting up on the toilet seat and squatting, which caused her pee to shoot forward onto the floor. I caught it in my hands and deflected it into the toilet. "I can't control it," she whispered, embarrassed. While she peed on the toilet I would hold my fingers in the stream - I can never resist a chance to do this - and then lick them for a taste of her hot gold. Ohh it tasted good, like droplets of pure warm female essence. Her attitude was nonchalant - but she never protested and always allowed me to come with her and satisfy my desire to see her pussy squirt. 

I went with her for a year or two and then we broke up...

###

E.

E. was a beautiful big girl with large blue eyes, a freckly turned-up nose, and luscious big breasts. I met her at work and didn't stop until she had become a regular at my house - and sometimes in my bed. She had a querulous disposition, and we didn't last long as a couple, but we had some fun times anyway.

One morning I walked into the bathroom as she was taking a shower behind my clear plastic shower curtain. I had to pee and thought I would see her reaction. I took it out and stood before the toilet. 

To my surprise she stopped soaping herself and pulled the shower curtain open to look! I said "What? - haven't you ever seen a guy pee before?"

"I want to!" the dear girl replied. So I obliged her, while she watched with single minded intensity. I was discovering that it is normal for either sex to have an interest in the way the other sex pees.

Then I got in the shower with her. 

"Don't you have to go too?" I teased her.

"Well.. a little." she admitted.

"Go right here - it's OK to pee in the shower" I coaxed.

She agreed but said I couldn't watch - it'd make her shy and unable to go. She put her strong hands on my shoulders and turned me around and held my back tightly to her, with me facing away. Rats!

"Ummmm..." I heard her say. "The smell of urine.." and sure enough I could smell that familiar warm female smell. She was peeing while holding on to me! I couldn't resist anymore and turned around. From between the curly-haired plump lips of her cunt a gentle, slick yellow stream was falling straight down between her feet, making the water tinge yellow. She looked at me with her eyes wide, a bit startled, I think. I admired the view of her peeing pussy until the pee died away, and then took her to the bedroom... 

I think E. was another of those girls who never considered before meeting me that her peeing could be erotic. She and I never mentioned it much but again later, she was in the bathroom with me getting ready to shower when she sat down on the pot. I gently prised her thighs apart and there it was again - her sweet plump pussy with a smooth stream of yellow pee forcing its way out between the lips.

That was about it for E. but I'll never forget the way she peed in the shower with her arms wrapped around me. 

###

R. was a beautiful lady I went with for 2 years a few years back. She would always pee without hesitation in front of me but never let me watch between her legs while she went. I would kneel down and kiss her closed thighs while her piss sprayed into the pot, and she would giggle and protest: "It's embarrassing." One evening we came back from going out to eat, and she went right into the bathroom and pulled her jeans down. I naturally followed her and knelt beside her. Before she could protest I had slipped my hand between her thighs and hugged her tight.

She was already peeing and couldn't have stopped, so I was rewarded by having my hand baptized by a warm spray of R.'s pee-pee that went on for 20 seconds or so. Afterwards I could tell she was a bit shy and embarrassed so I didn't push her on the subject any more. But we did joke about how loudly she would go when her bladder was full, producing an amazing firehose jetting and splashing under her bottom. She told me when she was little she would see her mother peeing and be amazed also at the sheer quantity of a mature woman's pee.

###

Dee

Dee was amazing - a petite little girl with perky boobs and an amazingly round bottom that was a delight to watch. I went with her for 2 years and she allowed me the full range of urolagnic activities with one exception: she refused to pee on me. She was a nurse and maybe her training got in the way of accommodating me on that.

We began as usual with me watching her pee on the toilet. I begged her to let me see "how you do it" and she parted her slim thighs willingly and let me see how the piss jetted raggedly from betwen her prominent inner lips. The wrinkled flesh of her inner labia often caused her pee to shoot out in funny directions, even wetting her thighs sometimes. She thought my desire to see her urinations was funny and once commented, "It's kind of flattering- I guess I'll get used to it!" and winked at me.

Then one night we were getting ready to shower (I love to shower with my girlfriends - water- lover in many ways, I guess!) and she complained of having to pee. She went over to the toilet but I grabbed her and pulled her by the hand over to the shower stall. "C'mon! Just do it in the shower!" 

She agreed with a bit of shyness, but her need was so great that she squatted down over the drain as soon as she got in. For a little 100-lb. girl, she sure had a big bladder! "OOohhh!" she groaned and let go of a geyser that shot uncon- trollably from her pussy in about four directions at once! I couldn't restrain myself - I knelt down to watch and put my fingers there to feel the hissing, spraying girl-pee.

She gasped at my boldness and smacked my hand playfully away, but I was too excited to be deterred, and put my fingers right back under that torrent of warm urine. Then she laughed at me and said I was "naughty". Grinning, I agreed with her assessment of my nature.

I explained later that she was beautiful (she was, with big doe-like eyes and the figure of a sylph) and I was so crazy about her that I even wanted to watch while she peed - it turned me on. She accepted that truthful explanation readily enough, and I became her regular companion in the bathroom whenever she had to lift her skirt, drop her panties, and let warm pee spray out of her sweet little pussy.

We took a vacation to Jamaica that I bought for her as a special present - and boy, did she reward me! Every time she had to pee on the beach or outdoors, or in the hotel room she called me to watch. The first time we had been there little less than a day and were sitting on some rocks out in the surf. "I'm peeing in my bathing suit" she leaned over and whispered to me - and she was indeed - I looked at her crotch and saw yellow liquid gushing through the fabric and pooling around her bottom on the spray-lashed rock!

Then we went for a picnic in the woods - and as soon as we got out she pulled her bikini bottoms down and squatted for a pee right beside the car. I watched in delight as her exquisite stream spurted out, a bit deflected to one side by her prominent inner labia and flattened into a spraying sheet.

Then we drove all over the island in a rented car drinking rum punches. After a while she complained she had to stop for a wee and I obliged her. We went behind the car - it was a deserted rural road - and she consented to do it just bending over rather than in a full squat. Again the bikini bottoms slid down over her slim tan thighs. She got the giggles when she saw I was putting my face within inches of her bottom. "What if someone sees us?" she whispered. "Then they'll be jealous of me!" 

She leaned over with her hands on her knees and I watched her sweet cunt from only a few inches away as it first twitched, parted, and then let out a thick yellow stream of lady-pee as big as my little finger that went on and on, making a loud spattering as it hit the ground.

"It's splashing my legs!" she whispered, still giggling. I looked down and sure enough the stream was falling only a foot or so behind her heels, and splashing up droplets from the rapidly growing pool in the sand.

I resisted the impulse to drink from her fountain - didn't want to shock or repel her. But later that day she peed at least three more times for me, letting me get an up-close view every time.

Once sitting on a dock she took off her bikini bottoms entirely and sat back and let it fly - she looked down curiously as I caught her angelic flat spray in my hands, and petted her dear little shaved pussy as it spouted its water.

Later when we were drunker I accompanied her into the bushes again when she dropped her pants and bent over for a pee - but this time I put my mouth under her and got a nice mouthful of warm, fragrant watery female urine.

"So you drank some, huh?" she said. She sounded more resigned and skeptical than grossed out or repulsed. 

"Yes - it was great!" I told her. She smiled blurrily at me.

Later at the hotel she was showering when she said she was going to pee again and called out to me.

I got into the shower and had her crouch over with her bottom stuck out towards me. It was delightful to see such a solid yellow stream of pee coming out of such a cute little behind - and it smelt so strongly of her body I couldn't resist getting another mouthful. Oh, it tasted good! We fucked in the shower until we came with gasps and groans....

----

Well, that's all I have the energy to write right now - I have many more anecdotes and memories but will save them for another day and another posting.

Write me if you liked this story of my life! And if any of my former girlfriends recognized themselves, c'mon over and we'll drink to old times! I hope all my readers realize that fulfillment for us poor misunderstood fans of female peeing is not only possible but natural - just be yourself, be sincere and loving, and find a lady with an understanding nature. She will reward you and let you visit the Fountain of Life as often as you wish! Guys, don't despair or feel you are a lonely pervert - the ladies are out there and they will definitely participate with you if they feel loved and cared for. My own life as recorded above is proof

Remember: it's NATURAL - It's NORMAL - it's FUN! Good luck to all and lots of warm wet love. == Subject: Story M/F: Amy Wets Her Pants

