It has been a long weekend and I am now a bit bored. Memories from last Sunday's monster hold make me feel warm and that makes me want to ride the piss wave of beautiful agony again. I was going to give my bladder a break but an opportunity came up so, I decide to try another hold. Not as long as last week, I know that I will never hold out at home like I did in the car. Having a toilet nearby is too much temptation for me. I am going to really push the fluid though – 20 ounces every half hour, 8 ounces more each half hour than last week's hold. Maybe it will fill me fuller, faster. Here are my notes.
1 pm – I open a diet coke, a friend comes by to take me shopping. She goes to the bathroom and complains about her tiny bladder. She says that she spends half her life in the bathroom and the other half with her legs crossed. I know this to be true as I have traveled with her and seen her doubled over for a pee when everyone else is just at the "if there's a toilet nearby, I would like to stop stage." She is always embarrassed about asking us to stop so she usually waits until she is quivering. Even so, I have noticed that she barely pees for 10 seconds when she says that she is bursting. Today I said, "Have you tried stretching your bladder?" She said, "How?" So I told her to grab a diet coke and I would show her. We drank our diet cokes and went shopping.
2 pm – I get us each 16 oz. diet cokes at the mall. She says that if she drinks it, then she will be peeing her pants. I explain to her that if she thinks that she will, she will. I told her just to drink the drink normally and not think of anything else.
2:30 pm – My friend has finally finished her drink (I drank mine in 5 minutes). She says that she really needs to pee. I assure her that she will be fine but that she must train her bladder a bit by holding instead of going to the bathroom all the time. I promised that I would not make her wet her pants and we kept shopping. We finished up in about 15 minutes and she said that she really wanted to go before we left the mall. It's only 20 minutes to my house so I told her to hold on. She was getting a little fidgety but I felt completely empty so I knew she couldn't have too much in her.
3 pm – She is fine on the ride home– I keep her distracted by talking about other things. When we get to my house she is fine until I take some time finding the key and opening the door. She is crossing her legs now and wants to pee badly. I open the door and tell her to go ahead. While she is in the bathroom I open another Diet Coke and chug it because my hold is just beginning. She came out of the bathroom and said, "I haven't peed that much in ages!" "See?" I said "you can hold more if you try." I told her to wait 30 minutes from the point of needing to go before she goes to the toilet for the next week and see how it "goes." I will let you know what she tells me!
3:30pm – I have now had 40 ounces of diet coke and have chugged 40 oz. of water. I am cleaning the house and start to feel that familiar feeling of the base of my bladder filling and all the little nerves waking up as they are stretched. I don't have to go badly, at least not for me. On a scale of zero to 10, I am at a 3. There is definitely urine in my bladder and if I move from sitting to standing, I feel a slosh against my sphincter. Time for another 20 ounces of water and more housework.
4:30 – I have had another 20 oz. of water. Total fluid consumed is now 100 ounces or about 3 liters. It is raining outside and the washing machine is filling up. There is water everywhere and my body is now letting me know that it has made it's own. The nerves all over my bladder are now responding, telling me that the urine has turned it from a bag to a balloon with pressure on all sides. As I unloaded the dryer I felt a sharp pang. I need to be careful bending over, as unexpected pressure could result in disaster. I do my Kegels regularly so my sphincter is strong, but it does have its limits and I don't want a big spurt gushing out before I can stop it. I can honestly say that I never leak but I don't want to start now. I want full control of the hot puddle inside me. On a scale of 0–10 I am now at a 6. It is hard to concentrate on my tasks and listening to the rain splatter off the eaves is making it worse. I really want to pee, but I will wait until I need to pee and finally, I have to pee.
5:30 pm – another 20 ounces of water. I drank this more slowly as my whole body is full and it is harder and harder to drink more. It has stopped raining but my bladder feels like all that rain ran into it. I am up to a 7 on the desperation scale. I am sitting with my legs crossed and my muscles clenched. The pressure is unrelenting; all sides of my bladder are stretching. I am going to try to paint my nails to distract myself from the wave of piss that keeps slapping my sphincter. I need to pee. I am afraid to fill up my cup as the sound of the water from the cooler may be too much for me to bear.
5:45 pm – 10 more ounces. The nail painting was a mistake. I am at an 8 on the desperation scale and I need some relief. Why won't these *&^% nails dry. I need to press my hand against my hole– anything to relieve the surges and spasms that are starting. I may try to lie down and see if that helps. I need to piss so bad that my thighs ache. All the pressure is making me horny and wet but I keep panicking that the wetness is my bladder leaking. I must keep from pissing my panties. I know that I am not really full but damn I need to go. My stomach is a solid bulge. I am afraid to touch it, the elastic from my panties against it are torturing me.
6:00 pm – 10 more ounces. Damn, I messed up the nail polish on one hand but I just could not help myself. It was press it shut or let it out. The spasms are every couple of minutes. Lying down was no help. My bladder is so full; there is piss everywhere in it. I am sitting on my heel. I am going to have to pee soon. I need to go refill my glass but I am afraid to walk that far.
6:15pm – No more ounces. Filling the water glass was torture. The sound of water splashing into the bottom of the cup made my piss strained bladder quiver. I bent over my crossed legs and squeezed as hard as I could. Nothing escaped but it was as close as I have been in a long time to pissing all over the floor.
6:25 pm – I am at a 9 on the desperation scale. I am afraid that I am going to pee my panties but I want to hold as long as possible. I need to get the measuring jug but I don't think that I can walk. I am bouncing in my chair, squeezing and sliding back and forth. I keep changing positions from sitting on my heel to sitting with my thighs clenched. I cannot be still now. I am really debating just giving up and wetting myself but I am too well trained. My bladder is aching. I keep drinking water but I have to let some out.
6:35 pm – went to get the jug– ooh barely made it back. Major spasm– can't type. Must pee soon.
6:37 pm – I am doing permanent damage. I have to piss. I cannot be still. The phone rang and the sound made a gush slide down my urethra. I stopped before it splashed out but it is still there torturing me. Did not answer the phone. Oooow man, I am going to wet my pants. There is no way I can squat over that jug without spraying piss everywhere.
6:43 pm – I tried to let a little drop out for relief but my sphincter won't let just a little out. I am too well trained. It is all or nothing. It is about to be all. I can't keep holding on. I need to let this river free.
6:41 pm – I think I just pissed for 4 minutes. There is piss down my leg and on the floor and 1425 ml in the jug. I have never pissed that hard, the spray was so strong and it started as soon as my panties were off– before I was fully squatted over the jug. I am ashamed of myself for my poor control. Grownups do not pee on themselves or the floor but I couldn't help it. The stream was so hard it made foam. The relief was orgasmic, the way those hot spurts felt jetting out of my throbbing hole will keep me happy for a while.
Any guys like to hold like this???
By: Holdingon