She bumped into me at the bar. Five–five, blonde hair in two short pigtails, cheeky smile, and dressed in black low–cut pants and top showing three inches of bare belly. She said hi and smiled expectantly at me. Who am I to turn someone down? –Like a drink, I said. She nodded, pigtails waving. –Beer is fine. While waiting we introduced ourselves. Her name was Carrie. I resisted suggesting carrying her home, as she seemed to have gotten the same idea. The crowd was pushing, and she swayed on her feet, pushing a breast against my arm or a hip against my thigh. I admit to feeling something rise down there. –You here alone, she asked, very close to my ear. –Not really. –Oh. Well, I don't have company. She brushed something invisible off her chest and tapped the rail with her foot. –You can sit with us, I said. She smiled widely at me. I ordered three beers and we pushed our way to the table. She had a cute butt and knew how to wriggle it. Kelly winked at me as we sat down. –This is Carrie, I said, and they shook hands. Kelly nodded discreetly. –She's my sister, I explained to Carrie. –Just staying with me for the weekend. Carrie smiled and edged closer to me. –Cheers! Kelly sat on the other side of the table, watching us. Dressed in her favorite beige pants zippered at the back and a yellow blouse, auburn hair to her shoulders. Carrie put her hand on my thigh under the table while talking to Kelly. A couple of beers later she was giggling, leaning towards me, and even giving me a peck on the cheek. I glanced down her back as she leaned over to give Kelly a light, enjoying the sight of the dark blue Y of her string panties visible above her pants. I touched her softly, tracing the line that went down between her butt cheeks. She turned to me, put her arms around me, and whispered: –If you tickle me like that I'll pee my panties! I smiled at her and kept stroking. She giggled and put a hand between her legs. –God, I have to pee! –Me too, Kelly said. –Let's go together! They left. I sat with a hard–on, imagining zippers and panties and noises. Coming back, Kelly winked at me again. –Wanna dance, John? Carrie asked. I rose, noticing her glance down my front. On the floor she pressed against me, and I held her butt, one finger against her crack. She looked up at me with big eyes and I kissed her. –Your sister is really nice, she said. –I know. Say, do you want to join us for a drink at my place later on? She nodded eagerly, and we danced on. Or moved very closely. –Mind if I dance with my sister, I asked as we returned to the table. –Go ahead, she said. –I'll have another beer. Kelly smiled mischievously as we danced. –Lovely girl, she said. –And sooo desperate. –Yeah? –There was a big line, and she was stepping from foot to foot, biting her lip. I suggested we share a booth, and she had trouble pulling her pants down. The look on her face as she let go! –And you? –I didn't have to pretend. I asked her to help me unzip because I was nearly losing it. Actually I had dribbled a little. –Say no more. Take her home? Kelly winked and mouthed me a kiss.
Carrie was quite unsteady on our way home. She held on to me, and Kelly supported her. After seeing the cab lines we decided to walk. The air cleared our heads a bit, but even then we decided that coffee would be better as we got home. Carrie and Kelly sat on the sofa as I made coffee, and when I returned I slipped beside Carrie. I put my arm around her, and she rested her head on my shoulder. I bent over and kissed her. Kelly left to go to the bathroom, turning on the CD player in passing. I put my hand on Carrie's belly, feeling the warmth of her skin. –Careful, she said, –I'm bursting again. I kept stroking, and she responded, pressing against me. A soft hand found my erection. I cupped her sex outside her pants, and she moaned and opened her legs. I felt the outline of her lips through the fabric. –Like to dance, I asked. She nodded. She was squirming a little as she stood, her belly straining her tight pants, soft skin begging to be touched. I obliged. We moved slowly, pressing close, her hands around my neck and mine against her butt. I squeezed and she giggled. –Want me to pee my panties, she said. –Oh yes. She giggled again. –Don't feel too safe. Kelly returned. I saw her standing in the doorway with her legs crossed. I swung Carrie around, pressing myself against her back, holding her belly. Kelly stepped closer and took Carrie's hands, moving with the rhythm of the music. I pushed Carrie into Kelly's arms and watched them. Kelly held Carrie's waist and pressed herself closer, round bellies touching. Slowly Kelly bent forward and kissed Carrie's lips. Carrie looked surprised, glanced at me, but didn't stop dancing. Kelly kissed her again, letting her hand stroke Carrie's butt. They stopped moving, holding this posture for a few seconds, before Carrie broke free and looked at us. –Wow, she said. –What's happening here? She held her pussy, knees together. Kelly reached out and stroked her breast. –Did you like it? –Well, I did – You're not really brother and sister, are you? Kelly smiled. –Does it matter? Carrie shook her head and swayed, holding herself. Kelly moved closer, cupped her face and kissed her softly. –You turn me on, she said. –You make me wet. –I have to pee, Carrie whispered. –I know. I love the way you squirm. It makes me even wetter. I could see a tiny stain in Kelly's crotch as she held Carrie at arm's length and looked at her. –Go on, she said. –Dance with John. I grabbed her and pulled her to me. Her belly was hard against me. She didn't dance as much as squirm in time to the music. Kelly was watching, hand stroking her belly, the stain grown to palm–size. I kissed Carrie and squeezed her butt, then slipped a hand between us, feeling her lips, rubbing her clit. She almost came. –John, she moaned. –I want you, but I'm going to soak myself any time now. –I don't mind, I said, pulling her closer. She giggled. –Watch yourself! Oh God, it's almost coming. You can watch me if you like, but I have to go to the bathroom. Now! Kelly stood in the doorway, blocking it. She embraced the younger girl, pushing her hips forward to meet Carrie's swollen belly. Carrie had both hands between her legs, bending at the waist. Kelly pulled her close again and kissed her, slipping one hand down her front, inserting it between Kelly's hands and her crotch. –Shall I help you hold it? Carrie looked at me, bewildered. I smiled, letting her know everything was all right. –I have to – I'm nearly – Oh god – What is – –Easy, girl, Kelly said. –Relax. Let me feel you. Do you want to touch me, too? She placed Carrie's hand between her own legs. Carrie's eyes widened as she felt the wetness. –You are – you have – –You make me want to pee. You're so sweet. Just let go if you have to. I love girl pee on my hand. Kelly rubbed Carrie's crotch, and suddenly Carrie stiffened, blushed, and bit her lip as she obviously leaked a little. –I'm peeing my panties! –Come, Kelly said, letting her in. Carrie hung on, hand between her legs, wet stain showing. I followed. Kelly stood Carrie in front of the full–length mirror, holding one arm around her. Carrie was trembling and Kelly pressed her knees together. –Look, Carrie, we're both bursting. I think I've wet myself already. Want to feel? –I'm – well – –Want to touch my wet pussy, Carrie? Carrie hesitatingly put a hand on Kelly's front. Kelly's stain grew. –Oh, you're making me pee myself with lust. You really are beautiful, Carrie. Don't you think so, John? I stepped up to them and embraced Carrie from behind, holding her between her legs. I could feel the warm wetness. –Look at Kelly, I whispered. –Her pants are wet. She wants you to touch her again. –But I'm not – I just have to – –Relax, Carrie. Look! A dark stream found its way down Kelly's leg. I pressed Carrie's belly softly. –Now you. She made a little noise and I felt her shudder. She stared at her reflection, and then her eyes softened, as her crotch got wet. I felt her butt, sliding my hand between her legs, catching the rest of her spurt. Kelly turned her back to Carrie. –Will you unzip me? Carrie pulled the zipper down as Kelly stuck her butt out. Her panties were black. Carrie made to remove her hands, but I put them back. –Touch her, I said. –Put your hand down her panties. She slipped her hand under the elastic. Her breathing increased as her fingers found Kelly's soft openings. Kelly sighed. –Yes, Carrie. Go on. Feel my wet pussy. You make me pee. Kelly shuddered, close to orgasm. She turned, making Carrie remove her hand. Then she reached for Carrie's zipper and pulled it down, and put her hand in. Carrie bit her lip and whimpered, as she had to release another spurt. I supported her as Kelly used her fingers to locate Carrie's most sensitive places. The surprise and unease gave way to pleasure as she submitted to Kelly's touch, parting her legs, peeing in bursts as she rose to climax. She held on to me, sobbing. –God, what are you doing to me? You have made me wet myself like a little girl. –Kelly is wet, too, I said. You are two little weegirls. Maybe you would like to kiss her? Carrie moved her face close to Kelly. While they kissed I gently pulled Carrie's soaked pants down, slipped her thong to one side and inserted myself from behind, reaching the top in slow, intense strokes while keeping eye contact with Kelly. I pulled out, still holding her. Kelly sat on the edge of the toilet seat, leaning back against the tank, legs spread. Small streams of pee made shiny rivers from her pussy. –Will you do something for Kelly, I whispered. Carrie nodded. – Please take her pants off. Carrie knelt in front of her, pulling the wet garment off. Kelly's black panties were soaked in front, and the wetness made the fabric reveal her slit. –Kiss her pussy, I said. –Lick Kelly's wet pussy. Carrie bent forward and put her lips to the wet cotton. Kelly leaned back and moaned. Carrie, kneeling with her pants around her ankles, was unable to hold the rest of her pee and just let it flow. Kelly slipped her panties to one side, exposing her shaved pussy. She held Carrie's head as the probing tongue found its mark.
Kelly sat on the toilet, I was watching. Carrie had left, wearing Kelly's old leggings, with a plastic bag full of wet clothes. I smiled at her. –Guess we fooled her, Kelly said. –She didn't know what hit her. –We're devious, John. –You bet, Sis.
Aquarius next Aquarius story