Self Induced Desperation and Wetting
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by Argbv5009 on November 8th, 2009 at 6:42PM

Hello everyone =) Let me start off by saying that I’ve always been a fan of desperation and wetting (especially female desperation/wetting!!) and finally decided to try it out for myself! Some quick information about me for those that care-I’m 19, bi, drive a camaro, and love holding it for as long as I can! I woke up this morning with a really strong urge to pee…but I decided to hold it in to see how long I could last. I went to bed wearing boy shorts, and when I walked into my bathroom to take a shower, there was a wet spot about the size of a golf ball right between my legs. I was really embarrassed at first, but as I let a little bit more out, I got really horny and decided to hold it and force myself to have an “accident”. I’d heard it was fun =) 

After I took a shower I got dressed in some blue panties with moons on them, really tight jeans, and a white tank top , I drank 3 cups of coffee, and had some orange juice. My bladder hurt a little bit, but it was not overly concerning. At 9, I had a bottle of water with one of those kool-aid packets in it (fruit punch!!!) It was beginning to become painful at this point…but nevertheless I decided to carry on with it. It was now 10, and I could hardly stand upright…my bladder was as hard as a rock, and it bulged out slightly from my stomach, every time I touched it, a sharp desire to just let it all out tried to overcome me. I told myself to keep fighting!! I had to last longer!! At 11 I sat down and watched some tv…bouncing my legs and holding myself throughout the shows. It was almost as painful as the time I broke my finger. 

(I don’t take pain that well!) but still, I held on. 11:30 came around…and it found me literally bouncing off my seat, both hands pressed against my “lady areas”, trying to hold the pee in. For some reason, I still don’t understand, I became extremely aroused by this. I liked it! At 11:45 I couldn’t take it anymore. I was still drinking water throughout all of this…probably about 4 more bottles of water since 9:30.

I slowly stood up, a few drops leaking out despite my best effort…and slowly made my way to the bathroom. Every step I took was more agonizing than the last…and as I kept walking, more and more pee kept leaking out. I firmly had one hand pressed down there, but it wasn’t helping. When I was right outside my bathroom door, I had to stop and sit against the wall, the pain was so much. I took slow breaths, trying to calm my bladder down, not really wanting to wet myself completely. After the 4th breath, I had a hiccup. It surprised me. Lol. 

I was startled by it and my bladder contracted violently, a small spurt of pee shot out and wet my panties. Since I was still sitting against the wall, I felt it make it’s way up my rear end, and settle against my butt. I slowly moved up and down the wall, liking how the wet cloth felt against my private areas. As I was doing this, I lost my concentration, and my bladder won the battle. As I was standing up go hobble into the bathroom, my bladder contracted, and my hand nor clenching my legs together could stop it. The pee erupted from me in a abrupt hiss, and quickly wet my tight jeans around my lady area, then started to seep down towards my knees. I sighed with relief as this happened, the pressure on my bladder FINALLY easing.

As I was still peeing, I slowly sat back down against the wall, letting my rear get soaked in my pee. I loved it. I stood back up again and wiggled around, liking the feel of the wet material. About 2 minutes later I squelched into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. My jeans were soaked all around my lady area and butt, and all the way down to my ankles. I shivered, the warmth from earlier was starting to become cold. I slowly peeled my jeans off to be left standing in my blue panties. You couldn’t really see what had happened because of the color, but you could still tell something happened. 

I turned around and bent over slightly to look at my butt, yep, could really see it there. I smiled. I took a shower and slowly rubbed myself, getting off to the fact that I just wet myself for the first time. Something I hadn’t done since I was a little girl. I have to say…I thoroughly enjoyed it. =) maybe you guys can give me some ideas as to how to make this more fun for me? I’m not really afraid to do anything in public, so I guess that could be fun. =) Let me know what you guys think!! By the way, this was is my first time posting on this site…don’t be too mean!

Viewed 1000 times 

7 Comments (add your own)

despDan - 51-55 years old - male: Great story!!!! Thanks for sharing :) 

holdit247 - 31-35 years old - male: Congratulations on discovering a great new way to have harmless fun and finding EP. Ways to make it more fun? Hum...

1. Find someone to share it with.

2. Develop a love of "beating your record" either for time held, volume peed or volume drunk.

3. Keep telling us all about every time you try and every achievement you make.

4. Try starting empty, and make sure the pee is very dilute by being well hydrated. Urgency caused by strong yellow urine can cause desperation far earlier than fullness does. Fullness feels better.

angelito23 - 18-21 years old - male: I love your story... I'm angel and I love female desperation and its so cool that were the same age... This story is really hot. Have u done it again? 

VTECV6 - 26-30 years old - male: Hi, I read your story about the first experience that you had wetting, and I thought it was great. What a perfect way to find out something new about yourself. At the end of your story you said something about an idea for wetting that would be fun and exciting, and I had a suggestion. Ok, heres what I would like for you to do. Since summer is coming, you should be able to wear a skirt now. I think it would be cool to wear a couple extra pairs of panties, and also some black tights or stockings, and then wear some sort of skirt that wouldnt show it too bad if it did end up a little wet.

Then, make sure to drink plenty of liquids, and head out to a store or mall, or somewhere where there is a large parking lot. Do your best to walk around the mall or the store for as long as you can, and since you have the extra panties on, maybe before you get too desperate, let a little pee out so you can feel your wet panties as your are walking around desperate. When you finally get to the point where you are going to loose control, start heading out to your car.

You should let the rest of it go while standing in the parking lot with your legs spread just enugh that the pee can run down your legs, and not run back onto your skirt getting it all wet. I have noticed that when you are wetting like that in pantyhose, pee will run right down onto your feet, so wear open toed shoes to let it run out, (or if you think getting your shoes and feet wet with pee then wear taller shoes or boots so it will collect in them. You can even do this right outside of your car so nobody will even have the chance of knowing what you are doing. Just make sure you bring a towel with you for the car seat, and when you are done, hop in the car, pull the skirt up some so you arent sitting on it, and head on home in your wet panties and tights. That would make for a great story, and hopefully a great experience for you. Hope we get to hear about it! Friend me if you like. Happy wetting 

JESSICAKNIGHT - 46-50 years old: VERY SEXY STORY 

holdmore - 31-35 years old: An extremely really sexy report. I am not into wetting but I will piss in strange places when I get desperate. One time I had to go so bad I was holding myself in the car and wiggling and my girlfirend said it really turned her on, so I guess it is not just a man thing. Girls like to watch guys being desperate too, I think. I hate porn. A girl having to pee is so much better than porn anything. Porn is fake anyways. Real desperation is a natural thing and so sexy and actually silly when u do it with a partner, try it some time. I know many people are afraid to suggest it with a partner but trust me either they will not care or they will laugh but never leave u because u confessed. Be yourself and enjoy life. We all have bladders! 

