I Can Hold Pee Forever - I Think I'm Ubnormal
	(36-40 year old woman)
Posted by peedesperation on August 24th, 2008 at 10:23PM

I'm into pee desperation... But I never get to pee myself unless I meen to.

Today I didn't go to pee in the morning. Then I decided to challenge myself again. So I began drinking a lot: 1 very large cofee, 2 cokes, 4 glasses of orange juice, and 3 or 4 glasses of water - don't remember how many. So at least 10 glasses - and not small ones. It took me like 3 hours to drink all that... And I was drinking when I was full too.

So first of all, it takes a long time before I feel I really have to pee. It takes ages before I feel desperate. I was holding my pee for SIX hours - from 6am to 12pm.

Of course my bladder and stomach was rock hard, and it got to the point when I couldn't stand anymore, so I was just on the floor, aching, closing my muscels, and... masturbating. Even when I was maturbating, no pee escaped. Maybe a drop... I even entered my vibrator. It was sooo good.

So I can't move anymore and I'm just almost frosen on the floor watching a movie on tv to keep my mind off it. I wanted so bad for pee to escape cause I was really suffering but none did!!!

Eventually I decided to let a little pee come out, in the hope that the rest will follow and I wouldn't be able to control it. So I did, I let a little pee come out and grrrr it felt so good... Then I stoped with no problem.

Guys, I think I could have held it forever... I waited a few more minutes in agony and then I missed the amazing feeling to let a little pee go... So eventually after 6 hours I just let myself pee (and pee... and peeee) on the floor.

Would I ever be able to loose control?

(sorry for the english - it's not my native language).

