Auld Lang Syne
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

It was New Year’s Eve, and Sally was in a rush to get ready to go out. She had come home quite late from work, finishing around 7.45pm. She quickly took off her work clothes to have a shower, then changed into a shiny navy blue dress which covered her ankles. She also combed her long brown hair, which was in a mess before, but now looked nice.

While she was changing, she got out a can of cola from the fridge and gulped down most of it quickly. She felt exhausted, but committed herself to going out to the New Year’s Eve party. As she was in a hurry, she forgot to use the toilet before she left, even though she was bursting slightly.

The party was held in a large ballroom in the town centre. Sally went there to meet her friend Danielle, but presently couldn’t find her, so she went to the bar to get herself a glass of rum and cola (with ice, in a straight glass) and sipped it slowly, because she didn’t want to get too drunk before midnight. She sat in the bar for thirty minutes, yet still no sign of Danielle. Sally felt now that she needed to pee, so she went to look for some restrooms. However, when she got there, a long queue of other women had lined up waiting to use them. Some of them were fidgeting wildly, while others were blatantly holding themselves. It was only around 9pm, yet she needed to pee.

Despite this, she went back to the bar to order a second glass of rum and cola. Another thirty minutes later, and still no sign of Danielle. Sally crossed her legs and started rocking slightly. The man who was serving drinks at the bar was looking puzzled at her.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

“Yeah, fine…. I’m waiting for my friend,” Sally replied.

“Are you sure? Judging by your behaviour, you look as if you need the loo!” the man said.

Sally’s face blushed with embarrassment. She daren’t tell him the real truth. She looked into the distance to see a pair of even longer queues of women desperate to pee. The longer she considered delaying the inevitable, the more desperate she became.

Ten O’Clock, and still there was no sign of Danielle.. Sally was bursting beyond belief now. She discreetly put one hand inbetween her legs through her navy dress and continued to fidget. She kept looking at her watch in regular intervals. It seemed that her time out was about to turn into a nightmare with both her friend not turning up and her desperate need to pee. She ordered another rum and cola from the bar despite her bladder being almost full. She reached down to her stomach with her free hand, and it felt very hard indeed.

For most of the night, she sat on the chair at the bar, crossing her legs and continuing to fidget.

“Oh, goodness, please come, Danielle!” she mumbled.

It’s 11.40pm, and now Sally is in real trouble. She still needs to go, but now decided to wait until midnight to pee instead. She was grabbing herself ever so tightly now, and on several occasions she nearly lost control of her bladder, but managed to hold on. She noticed at the corner of her eye that the man at the bar was watching her intently. At that point however, she didn’t care…. she was determined to hold her pee until midnight.

Suddenly, she had a major spasm, and squirted some pee which dampened her panties, which made her grab herself even tighter, and knew if she couldn’t find somewhere to pee, she would have a major accident in the ballroom in front of the other guests. She finally got up from her seat at the bar to find somewhere to go, as there were still long queues of women needing to go to the restrooms. Again, Sally had another spasm, this time a longer squirt of pee this time soaking her panties, and leaving a small wet patch on the crotch of her dress where she had been holding herself. The wet patch got bigger as she desperately tried, but failed to halt the small squirts of pee. She knew she was going to lose it, so she found the emergency door, and rushed through it.

The door led to a small narrow corridor. she gingerly walked through the corridor, desperately holding herself. When she looked back to see that she was as furthest away from the door as possible, then quickly yanked up her blue navy dress, pulled off her damp panties and crouched down. She then let loose a jet of urine, sighing and breathing heavily as she did so. She had a lot of fluid in her, and made sure she used every last drop of urine before finishing. When she tidied herself up, she looked down at the wet patch at the front of her dress.

“What will I tell Danielle?” she thought, worringly.

Indeed, when she got back to the ballroom, her friend was waiting for her.

“Sally, where have you been, I’ve been looking for you!” It was Danielle. She then looked at Sally’s wet patch.

“I-I-I spilt my drink,” Sally mumbled, her face blushing again.

“Never mind, let’s get a drink from the bar, it’s almost midnight!” Danielle said, and soon the bells chimed at twelve to bring in the New Year. It was a night that Sally will never forget.

