22–year–old Amy walked out of history class with her 19–year–old friend Jordan. They both knew they turned heads as the guys looked at Amy's fine figure in her tight blue jeans and crop top with her brunette hair tied up in a bun and Jordan in her short miniskirt and tank top, her shiny red hair reaching down to her shoulder blades.
"Ha, those guys always trip over their shoelaces every time we walk out of a room," Jordan said. "How the hell are we single?"
"Oh, speaking of guys," Amy said, "I'm having a little get together tonight in my dorm room."
"But it's Friday! We should, like, be going barhopping and getting drunk and shit!"
"You can go ahead and do that if you want, hell, I'll take two guys to myself with a few cases of beer. If you decide to show up, it's in two hours and be ready for something extremely kinky."
Amy walked away from Jordan as they went back to her dorms. Jordan dropped her books on her desk and collapsed on her bed, glad it was the weekend and she didn't have any classes over the weekend. She looked at her computer, knowing she should do her chemistry lab report due on Monday, but just wanted to relax. She got to thinking about Amy's invitation and wondering what she meant by kinky. Did she mean having a four–way? A gangbang? Maybe getting tied to the bed and blindfolded? Jordan started to get a smile across her face thinking about this and the thought crossed her mind that maybe they were going to do a mistress/submissive bit. She decided then and there that she would definitely be going. Her clock said it was 6:30, so she had an hour and a half to kill.
She ended up falling asleep and waking up at 7:50. She realized she didn't have much time and threw off the clothes she had fallen asleep in, leaving her in her matching light blue panties and bra. She looked through her clothes and figured that if she might be getting laid tonight, she should definitely wear a g–string, so she grabbed a black one out of her drawer and a pair of short pink workout shorts. She took off her bra, letting her lovely 32Cs hang out and decided that she didn't feel like wearing a bra tonight, so she just threw on a tight belly shirt. She made sure she had some cash in case they decided to go some place and rushed out her door and down the hall to Amy's room.
She could hear Dip it Low playing through the door and knocked on it. After some talking, Amy opened the door and Jordan peeked in, seeing both guys in a pair of jeans, shirtless and built. One had short blonde hair and the other one had shoulder–length black hair and Jordan started to get a little wet just at the sight of the two guys.
"I thought you weren't going to come," Amy teased. "I already promised both guys they get me."
Jordan glared at Amy and they both laughed as Amy opened the door wider for Jordan to slip in.
"Jordan, let me introduce you to Mike and John."
"So this is your friend?" Mike asked. "So now that she's here, what are we doing?"
Amy moved over to the CD player and turned it off. "We're going to play a little game," Amy said. "I was surfing the internet a few days ago and found out other people did this and thought it'd be kind of fun to do."
"Orgy?" Jordan joked.
"Later, honey," Amy said with a wink. "My bathroom door is locked and what we're going to do is sit here and drink and have a good time...and see how long we can hold our pee."
"So if the bathroom's locked, where do we go when we lose?" John inquired. Amy gave him a weird look and everyone else got worried.
"That's kind of disgusting," Mike said.
"Oh, there's incentive," Amy added on, "more so than the fact that this night will end with some wild sex." Amy reached into the pocket of her white Capri jeans and pulled out two crisp one hundred dollar bills and set them on the table. "The winner gets two hundred dollars. So, who's up for it?"
Everyone looked at each other for a while, thinking if the other person was hot enough and thinking of the money.
"Well, when you said kinky, I didn't think about this," Jordan said. "But what the hell...I like being wet." She giggled and Amy tossed her a beer.
"Saying no also means no beer, and this is not a spectator sport," Amy teased. Both guys, after much deliberation, decided what the hell, why not, and Amy gave them both a bottle of beer.
After three hours into the night, about 50 rounds of Asshole, and 5 beers apiece, everyone at least had a buzz if not drunk and starting to get desperate. By now there were no more card games or any music. Amy was on her chair with her thighs squeezed tightly and Jordan had her legs crossed and bent over on the couch, holding her crotch. Both Mike and John were also on the couch and holding onto their crotch, but they appeared to have more control.
"Hey, Jordan, you like being tickled, don't you?" Amy teased. Jordan lifted her head up and stared at her. "I don't recall stating any rules to this contest."
"You're right," Jordan replied, "you didn't. And last I checked, didn't you like having your bladder pressed?"
Mike started to move closer to Jordan and she knew she'd either have to sit there and let him tickle her and lose $200 then and there or get up and let him chase her and risk losing. She fell off the couch and got up and moved away. Amy smiled innocently as Mike chased her. Amy then got up and went to join the chase, but John grabbed her from behind and sat her on his lap and started kissing her neck. She felt her clit begin to moisten and her legs went almost numb.
Mike was still chasing Jordan around the room, but she tripped him and he fell into a chair and then Jordan came up from behind John and poked him in the ribs. He squirted out a hard burst of pee that Amy felt on her ass. He gained control for a few seconds, but quickly lost it as it all came out, soaking his jeans around the crotch area as it trickled down his thighs to his ass and the cushion he was sitting on got soaked.
Amy didn't realize what had happened and thought she started wetting herself. She jumped up and grabbed her ass and crotch and felt they were both wet, but turned around and saw John's jeans were wet. At first she thought that she had peed on him, but noticed the look on his face and realized that it hadn't been her that did it, but now with her jeans and panties wet, it wouldn't be hard.
While she was still in a sort of daze from figuring out what had happened, Mike came up from behind Amy and grabbed her arms, pulling her down into a chair and holding her there. Jordan walked up to Amy and smiled sweetly as she dropped to her knees and spread Amy's legs, getting in between them. She unbuttoned and unzipped Amy's Capris and pulled them down to her ankles and kneeled down on them. Amy was now sitting in the chair in her green cotton string bikini panties being held and teased. Amy tried to lift up her legs with the intention of kicking off Jordan or wrapping her legs around her neck, but her jeans pinned down her feet. Jordan smiled innocently and put her face right in front of where Amy's clit was and started to softly blow onto her clit through her wet panties. Amy moaned, half in pleasure, half in desperation, and Jordan blew again.
She looked over at Mike and noticed the bulge in his jeans and also noticed John watching with major interest. Jordan blew again, really softly, and Amy could feel a spurt of pee release into her panties and Jordan smiled devilishly. Amy looked down at Jordan with fear in her eyes as Jordan blew one more time. Another spurt came out, but harder, but Amy regained control.
Jordan realized that this technique wasn't going to work, so she flicked her tongue at Amy and dropped down to Amy's ankles. She took the tip of her tongue and very lightly started licking right above Amy's ankle going up her leg. About halfway to her knee, she moaned loudly and Jordan could hear Amy lose it and soak her panties. Jordan smiled and lifted her head up, not realizing how strong Amy was peeing and got blasted right in the face by it.
Jordan fell backwards in surprise and Mike let go of Amy and jumped on top of Jordan, pinning down her shoulders with his hands and sitting on her legs. Jordan couldn't move and knew she was done for and was just about to give up and piss herself when Amy came up from behind Mike and grabbed his arms, pulling them back. Out of surprise, he fell backwards and Amy wrapped her legs around his stomach, pushing her wet panties into his back and squeezing on his bladder with her ankles. Mike almost yelled out in pain as he totally lost control and started to wet himself. Amy let go and Mike stood up, still wetting himself and soaked himself down to the ankles making a puddle on the floor.
Jordan, by now extremely desperate and realizing she had won, stood up and grabbed the money off the table and just let it all come out. By the time she was done, there wasn't one dry spot on her pink shorts and she was standing in a huge warm puddle of piss. Jordan looked at Amy, confused after she had finished.
"I made you lose, but you helped me to win...why?" Jordan asked.
"Well, he's the one that held me, so it was half his fault." Amy said, walking up closer to Jordan. "And I knew you'd end up wetting yourself anyways." Then Amy leaned over and whispered into Jordan's ear, "And if it wasn't for needing to piss so badly, I'm positive you would've given me an orgasm."
By: Amoeba