This fantasy was inspired by the recent postings on Wink 11.
It was a chilly autumn Saturday. Football season had ended two weeks ago, and the students from State U didn't have much to do. A gang of four senior girls decided to liven things up by having a beer–drinking contest.
Susan, a local, was what might be called the leader of their clique. Her companions were from different parts of the state. All were interested primarily in boys except for Sally, who secretly preferred girls. Sally and Gabriella were brunettes; Susan, a blonde and Theresa had auburn hair. They had the typical, budding physiques of young womanhood, average height and weight. Boys found them sexy in their tight jeans.
They lived in an upscale, two–bedroom dorm suite on the main campus. They had a small fridge in one of the closets. The administration didn't really condone appliances in the dorms, but accepted the fact that many students felt it convenient and did not exercise much vigilance as long as the fridge was out of sight.
It was a short distance to the convenience store. After lunch, they pooled some money, and Gabriella went with Sally to buy the beer. Thinking it adequate, they each bought a couple of six–packs and went back to the dorm. Susan had other ideas and wanted more beer on hand. She sent them back for another round. They come back with two more six–packs as Susan had asked.
Since they were planning an afternoon in, there was no need for make–up. Casual jeans would be de rigueur. The fashion of the moment was low–cut, tight but not skin–tight and blue.
They each opened a can and settled down to lighten their spirits and chatted aimlessly in the manner of young girls with their lives just opening before them. They had no worries about money and did not have steady boyfriends. In other words, things were ideal and carefree. They had lived together junior year since becoming friends as sophomores and developed great comfort from each other's company. Susan was a bit brassier than the others; and Sally, a bit more reserved.
They listened to music and had another round of beer. They talked about their dreams, their childhoods, high school, boys, whatever came easily to the tongue. Susan made sure that no one had an empty can for more than a few minutes.
After an hour, each had sipped her way through three beers. They giggled as the beers took effect on their inhibitions. Theresa was getting higher than the others and blurted out that she had to pee.
"Go on!" chided Susan, "can't you hold it like the rest of us? Let's have another beer and there's no using to john until we finish a sixer each."
"No way," said Gabriella.
Sally, probably the most affected by the effects of alcohol, said she could hold as well as anyone as she carried the next round out of the bedroom she shared with Susan. She stood in the middle of the room and chugged her can. Susan, not to be outdone by the most timid of them jumped up and did the same. Gabriella and Theresa were happy to be sitting and had their legs crossed for comfort. For image sake, they had no choice other than to chug down quickly.
That was four apiece. The cool weather meant that no one had needed this much liquid to slake a thirst. Talk slowed. Tension built and nobody made a move to get another round.
Sally got up and changed the music to a more sensual tune. She started to weave gracefully to the beat swinging her hips. She put her knees together and bent forward slightly rubbing her hands up and down her thighs and licking her lips. It was a dance move feigned to allow her a bit of self–indulgence as she tingled with excitement.
The others had never seen her like this. Gabriella stood up and began to dance too––if not with Sally at least beside her and mimicking the movements. Theresa sat still. Susan applauded.
"Ok, troops, it is time for another beer. I bet we'll all be dancing in a minute or two. I know I gotta pee and bet you guys do too."
"Let's go for it, Sal," shouted Gabriella now more in synch with Sally than before.
Susan returned from the fridge with the beers. "There's no peeing on the floor or the sofa. And there's no going to the bathroom without permission. Better yet, no one goes to the bathroom without passing a test. And when the first one goes, we all have to watch and listen."
"Down the hatch!" said Gabriella.
"You bet," agreed Sally putting her arm over Gabriella's shoulder and starting to get cozier and more comfortable.
"I don't know about you guys, but I have to pee right now," said Theresa. She guzzled the can and threw it down. "That's it for me, and I've got to pee!"
"Not so fast," ordered Susan. "You have to pass a test. Name the capitals of all fifty states. Get one wrong and you have to leave your jeans up on the john since you didn't get to six beers."
"What? Pee my pants? No way!"
Susan said, "You better start naming then. I'm keeping score."
Sally and Gabriella kept dancing, now––clearly with one another. They stopped, intrigued by what they'd heard.
"OK, wise guy, do you want me to go in alphabetic order or by geography? No screw–ups and I get to take my jeans down and pee in the pot, right?"
"That's it. We're the witnesses. How about alphabetic order by capitals?"
"Aw, that's too hard," said Gabriella. "I bet she cannot get it right even ad lib."
Susan said, "I want to make her pee her jeans, but I'll pee mine if she gets it right. Shit, I'll probably pee while she's reciting. I'm bursting now. What about you guys?"
"Yeah, I'm on the brink, too," said Sally, so I better sit down." Sally was excited. She had gotten something she'd wanted for some time, to dance with Gabriella. Now, with her arm unabashedly around her friend's waist and best of all not meeting any resistance, she headed toward the sofa. Theresa had stood up in the center of the room, desperate to start her test and get to the toilet.
She started reciting: "New York–Albany; Maryland–Annapolis; Georgia–Atlanta; Maine––Augusta; Texas–Austin; Louisiana––Baton Rouge; North Dakota–Bismarck; Idaho–Boise..."
"Holy shit, is she gonna get them all?" said Gabriella. It was surprising that Gabriella was paying attention. Her bladder was filling but her mind was only mildly aware. She was sitting very close to Sally. Suddenly she swung herself onto Sally's lap straddling and facing her. "Gotta pee?" she said as she started to tickle Sally's sides.
"Stop that," said Sally, protesting the tickling. "Two can play at that game."
"You wouldn't dare. I'll pee my pants and yours."
"OK, you win, but don't get off. This feels pretty good."
"...New Hampshire––Concord; Colorado––Denver; Iowa––Des Moines; Delaware––Dover; Kentucky––Frankfurt; Pennsylvania––Harrisburg; Connecticut–Hartford..."
"Shit," thought Susan. "If she gets this right, I'll never hear the end of it."
Sally and Gabriella were not paying attention. They were exploring their feelings and Gabriella noticed herself dampening. Sally was not surprised to discover that she too was excited. It seemed to be heightened by her need to pee and knowing that Gabriella was in the same predicament.
"...Michigan–Lansing; Arkansas––Little Rock; Nebraska–Lincoln; Alabama––Montgomery; Tennessee–Nashville..." continued Theresa, now naming rapidly and confidently. Suddenly, she knew she would get the victory.
Sally put her hands between Gabriella's thighs feeling the warmth. She looked down and saw a wet spot. She raised her mouth to Gabriella's ear and whispered "Is that pee or are you getting horny?"
"I don't know what's down there. I'm kind of turned on but I've really got to pee too."
Sally brought her hand to Gabriella's cheek and pulled her closer whispering "It's OK if you do. I've wet my pants thinking about you before and it wasn't just pee."
"...Illinois––Springfield; Minnesota–St. Paul; Florida––Tallahassee; Kansas––Topeka; New Jersey–Trenton. I win!" She grabbed Susan's arm and ran to the bathroom. Susan was so startled that she carried her half–empty beer can along.
"Now you have to watch and listen." She dropped her jeans and panties and sat down with her legs slightly parted, and started to pee. "Ahhh, that feels good. I bet you wish you could do the same thing, Bully."
"Just get off the pot. I can't take any more," hissed Susan.
"I'm not getting off until you wet your pants. You promised."
In the living room, Gabriella did not know what to think about her feelings. She was aroused by this comment and decided to relax a little bit. Good choice or bad, when she did a few squirts of pee darkened her crotch. Sally gulped it in with eyes wide. She put her hands there and felt the warmth. "Let's leave that for another time. We can run down stairs and pee in the powder room in the lobby. I'm dying to get away from here with you. If you want, get the hair dryer and I'll blow–dry you a bit as it were. I think you'll like the feeling. It will only take a few seconds."
Susan wanted to argue with Theresa, but knew that she couldn't persuade her. "What the hell, I've had a couple of accidents and it's not that bad a feeling." She chugged the rest of her beer, spread her legs and peed leisurely through her jeans. In truth, Susan enjoyed the arousal of intentional wetting. She loved to fill to the brink and lose control. Usually, an intense orgasm would follow with a few soft strokes through her wet panties, but she had never wet in front of anyone before.
She sighed with pleasure as the pee trickled over her pussy and tickled her behind. She knew the feeling very well and was virtually on throes of orgasm when Theresa blurted out, "Hey, what's going on there. You're not supposed to enjoy it like that. I want satisfaction, so you're going to take a walk on the quad with me just like you are now."
"Nothing doing. It's too cold out there. Get the hair dryer and dry my legs." Already excited about being seen in public with wet pants and no one knowing, Sally took the hair dryer before Theresa had finished and passed it quickly over her legs. She stopped with some nice wet stains still on her legs and especially between them and said, "Let's go for a walk."
By: Xixi