Lucy–Anne
Lucy–Anne was a Filipino nurse, tiny, like so many Asian girls. She told me she was 27 but at a casual glance she could easily have passed for 16 or 17. On the outing she had been wearing dark blue stretch denim jeans that fitted her slim body really well.
"This was the first outing I had been on, since I had only joined St Luke's 3 months ago. In the evening I tried cider for the first time, and I really enjoyed it, and drank quite a lot. I left the bar as soon as Sister said it was time to go, as I was starting to feel dizzy. I was on the coach for ages before we started. Sister was having some argument with the driver and trying to get all the nurses out of the bar. I do not remember us starting, as the cider had gone to my head and I had fallen asleep."
"Sometime later I woke up with a start. I felt terrible. My mouth was dry and I was still a bit dizzy with the cider. Even worse, I wanted to go to the toilet rather badly, and I quickly crossed my legs to help me hold it in. Judy, sitting next to me, had a can of Coke, and I could not resist having several mouthfuls just to wash my mouth and throat out. That made me feel a bit better, but did not help with the toilet. Even with my legs crossed tightly, I really wanted to go badly. I tried to remember what time we had left the bar. It was less than an hour ago, and that was some time before the coach started. It was at least a two–hour journey back to St Luke's, so what on earth was I going to do? We had not stopped on the way down, and I had wanted the toilet quite badly at the end, but I wanted to go much more already. I did not think I could possibly wait so long, but if the coach did not stop, what else could I do? I prayed that we would stop and be allowed to go to the toilet. Some of the other nurses had drunk much more than me, and I am ashamed to say that I hoped they would want the toilet more badly, so we would have to stop."
"Judy offered me some more Coke, but even though my mouth was dry, I dared not drink any more until after the toilet. By this time, my need to go was becoming desperate. I simply could not cross my legs any tighter, so I began to uncross and cross my legs, moving about on the seat, trying to find the most comfortable position, where I wanted to go least. Nothing helped much, if at all, and several times I had to stifle a groan as I struggled to control a really urgent need to go. There was still no mention of a stop, and I was beginning to get frightened I might not be able to wait much longer."
"I squirmed about, usually with my legs crossed very tightly for what seemed to be an age. I was absolutely dying to go, and no matter what I did, I could not reduce the need for a second. Gradually the urge built up, and eventually reached the point when I was beginning to feel that I could not hold it in much longer. I was in an awful situation, because I am only a junior nurse, and new to the hospital, and I was too shy and too frightened of Sister to dare ask for the coach to stop so I could go to the toilet. All I could do was cross my legs as tightly as possible, and make myself wait. I sat there, trying, trying so hard to wait, but I wanted to go so very badly that I had to squeeze with all my strength to keep it in. I had never wanted a toilet so urgently, and I trying so hard to wait that I was shaking with the effort. Somehow I just hung on and hung on for what seemed like an age, but still we had not stopped and I could not imagine being able to wait very much longer."
"I really was trying so hard to wait, using all my strength to keep it in, but however hard I tried, the awful moment arrived when I felt I simply could not keep it in any longer, and I was about wet my panties. I tried to cross my legs more tightly, but it was no good, I was so desperate I felt I could not hold it in any longer. I just had to stop myself, I could not sit there and wet my panties, and the only thing I could do was to press my hand between my legs. This stopped my pee–pee coming out and so far as I could feel, I was had not wet myself, though it had been very close. I was so ashamed to have to sit there and hold myself, but at least it was quite dark on the coach, and I hoped nobody could see what I was doing."
"I did not want anyone to know how badly I wanted a toilet, so I tried to take my hand away as soon as I could, but I was wanting to go so desperately that it was not long before it felt as if it was about to come out again. I tried to hide what I was doing, but I had to keep holding myself or I really would have wet my panties. The nurses next to me soon noticed this, and asked if I wanted a toilet, then told me not to worry because we were sure to be stopping for one soon. I was so pleased to hear this that I hardly minded that they had seen me holding myself. I only hoped that this stop was very soon, because even holding myself, I wanted to go so badly I did not think I could wait much longer. My abdomen, where my bladder was, was really swollen, and hurting so much where my tight jeans were pressing against it."
"When at last the coach stopped I had just about reached the point when I did not think I would be able to wait any longer, even holding myself, and I was afraid I would have to sit there and go on the seat, because I could not keep it in any longer. I was sitting near the back of the coach, so at first I thought we had stopped by the side of the road, not at a toilet. Not that I cared, I just wanted to get out and go to the toilet, and I would have gone anywhere rather than wet my jeans. It was so embarrassing that I had to press between my legs as I walked down the coach, but I could not have kept it in if I had not. We had stopped at a small public toilet, and the ladies' was full, with a queue, by the time I got off. I could not wait for that, because now I was walking it was almost coming out, even though I was holding it back as hard as I could. Then, luckily, I saw a black nurse, who might also have been holding herself, running behind the toilet building. I had been about to squat down by the coach I wanted to go so urgently, so I followed her, though I could not run because my stomach was hurting so much."
"There were two nurses already squatting behind the toilet, and I had to join them, I couldn't wait until they had finished. I could hardly wait to pull my jeans down, and my panties got splashed because I did not have time to squat before it was coming out. It took me a long time to finish because I had wanted to go so badly, but the other two were still going, so they must have been terribly desperate as well. When I pulled my clothes up I could feel my panties were quite wet at the back, but there was nothing I could do about that. When I sat down, this made a wet patch on my jeans. I tried to hide this, when we got back to the hospital, by keeping my back to the wall and walking in the shadows as I hurried to my room in the hostel before anyone could see them. Of course I had not wet my panties, but I was afraid people would think I had. I was also wanting the toilet badly again, but I had to wait until I had changed because I was scared someone would notice that I had wet myself."
Author's note:
Lucy–Anne was a shy girl, and I was surprised that she had volunteered to tell me about her experience on the coach outing, but apparently some of the other nurses, having noticed how desperate she was on the coach, had put her up to it, telling her it was her duty to earn money for the hospital charity. One thing I noticed, perhaps not obvious above, was that she was almost terrified of the senior nurses, Sister Lorraine I particular, and I really do think that however badly she had wanted to go, she would not have asked them to stop the coach for her. How much longer she could have waited we will never know.
Paul Tester ( Email Welcome )