Early Birds (part 3)

Posted by Tinker, April 1996 

(The following story is a fantasy, but I would have given a lot to experience it myself when I was at the same age. I know I often tried to start things like these, but never had the courage to do it.)

It was a beautiful day at the shallow pool just outside the village, and the group of children playing there had a lot of fun. The weather was nice, a bit on the warm side even, and the little pool offered some welcome refreshment. As always there was one older girl to keep an eye on them, but the pool was very shallow and the worst thing that could possibly happen was someone falling out of a tree. So their guard had found herself a place in the shadow under that tree and was completely drown into her favourite romantic series on paperback, issue XIV. 

The group of children was quite mixed: the youngest one was approaching four, the oldest was twelve, and there were about as many boys as girls. Some of them wore swimming suits and strolled into and out of the pond, getting themselves dirty in the sand in between dips. A few children, mostly older girls, had taken out beach towels and were tanning. The playing children made quite a lot of noise and the whole area was filled with their laughter. 

Jenny, the youngest girl, had been playing in the sand for a while and with the help of two boys and their bucket and spade, she had dug a hole in the ground. Then she sat down in it and let the boys push back the sand, so that her legs were completely covered and her body disappeared into the sand to well over her belly button. The sand was loose and dry, so she did not at all bother about her clothes. Her mother had not yet bought her a swimming outfit, mainly because there was no point in buying either a one- piece suit or bikinis for such a young girl and also because she would only wear it a few times this year and then grow out of it. 

When she asked her mother what she should put on to play in, Jenny was told that just keeping on her normal towelling panties would do. "But mum, I want to go into the water with the rest," Jenny had complained. "It's okay," her mother had answered, "Today you may go into the water and make your panties wet." Jenny was delighted that she could do such a naughty thing, and looked down at her panties like a cat glances at a mouse. Mind you, just walking into the water with your panties on! 

Then her mother had looked at the sun and decided that her daughter should also wear a T-shirt against sun burn. But Jenny spotted an opportunity and insisted on wearing one of her older dresses. Her mother shrugged, and helped her daughter putting it on. Jenny had already outgrown the dress, so it just barely covered her panties and did not differ that much from a T-shirt anyway. "Am I also allowed to wet my dress, mum?" she inquired carefully. "Yes dear, today you may play in the pond with all your clothes on."

Jenny had felt very free when she walked to the pond with her friends, and greatly enjoyed the fact that she was, in fact, wearing her normal clothes. What her mother had told her made all the difference. And when your mother tells you that you are allowed to make your clothes wet, you are allowed everything. Like sitting in the sand to over your waist. Jenny teamed up with two friends of hers to let herself be dug in in her dress, something the boys obviously found a nice idea. 

The sand cooled down pretty soon, Jenny discovered, and after a few minutes, sitting deeply in the sand lost its attraction, even with all her clothes on. She started to wiggle to free herself, but had little success, and the two boys started to tease her. Eventually she could lift her left leg out of the sand and the rest followed quickly. Jenny stood up and brushed the sand off her dress while the two boys found another hole to dig. The sudden change from the cool sand to the warm air, and the release of the sand's pressure on her thighs and belly made Jenny feel funny.

She recognized the feeling just too late, because she had not been out of diapers for more than half a year. This was the sign of a pee coming on rapidly! So quickly, in fact, that Jenny immediately knew that her normal reaction of running home to pee would simply be out of the question. She couldn't even hide behind the bushes any more. Jenny knew that she was heading for another embarrassing accident. So far for growing up. 

She felt as if paralysed and almost began to cry, while she put her thumb in her mouth and looked down to where the accident would begin. Her clothes would be wet soon, and her mother disappointed. But then she suddenly remembered that today there was no reason for distress. Her mother had told her not to worry about getting wet! She had told her that! So there was no need for silly things like hiding and squatting with her panties down; she could just go right into them, right here! Jenny's face lit up like a candle as she saw the possibilities. From previous experiences she knew that she still had just enough time left to prove that this was not just another accident. Jenny happily parted her feet a bit and bent her knees, taking the pose she had always taken when she felt she began to wet her diapers. But this time, she was not caught unexpectedly by a wet surprise in progress! She had foreseen it and could calmly wait for it to happen, a sure sign of getting older. 

Confidently Jenny looked at the two boys, proud of growing up. She rested her hands on her thighs and relaxed, knowing that everything would go alright. And the idea of weeing right into her normal red toweling panties became quite exciting now she knew it in advance. Her dress came in handy, too. Under it, her belly finally gave up and melted as before. Yes, there was the warm sensation between her legs, right where she had expected it. Without hesitation, Jenny pressed firmly and with a satisfied sigh, she used her panties for the purpose her mother had made her wear them. Giving in like this had always been a marvellous feeling, but now there was something special to it.

After all, she now weed in her panties, not in her diapers, and it still was allowed! While her warm wee began to take possession of her underwear in a familiar way, Jenny wondered how long it would take for it to drip through. With diapers you did not have that effect, and during her previous accidents she had been too embarrassed to notice this kind of thing. She looked down to her dress, which blocked her view on her panties. Would she hike it up a bit to see what was going on down there? 

But before she could do that, her panties had filled up and began to overflow. They also became very warm and wet now, which pleased Jenny a lot. The two boys stopped digging at the first rustling sound, and were astonished for a few seconds while Jenny just wet herself nicely and swiftly, stooped down with her hands on top of her thighs, smiling at them: "It's nothing, I just do a pee. It comes from the cold sand. You simply have to go from it." Brian noticed a little red piece of fabric that peeked out from under Jenny's dress, and gasped: "And you're still wearing your panties!"

Of course she did. Jenny calmly weed on, enjoying, smiling, and when it was over she did not even think of examining the damage. Panties were panties, all the same. Her mother had told her that she was allowed to wet her panties, and hers were even less wet than those of the children in the pond. She wondered for just how long she would feel that they were wet as she pulled her legs together again and took a step or two. Funny feeling, nothing like a wet diaper. Less heavy and sloshy. 

Jenny took the spade of one of the boys, who still were a bit unsure what to do or say. But she seemed not at all interested in what had happened, and started to make the new hole even deeper, now showing clear evidence of her wet accident. When she noticed that the two boys were a bit silent, Jenny added: "Come on, it's nothing. These are my swimming clothes. My mother told me it is alright to wet them. Everybody is doing it in the pool." Jenny continued digging the hole. "I think it now is your turn, Brian," she announced, and pointed at the hole in the sand. "Yeah, right," Brian answered, glad to have found another subject. He sat down and let the two others cover him up, halfway up his chest this time. The sand pushed firmly against his body and it indeed felt quite cool. "I see what you mean, Jenny. You indeed need to go from it." 

"Why don't you go now?" Fred asked. "What?! Just in my pants in the sand?"

"Yeah, why not? It's just your swimmers, like Jenny's. They are meant to be wet. And afterwards you both can go to the pool." Jenny now got interested: "Oh yes, that would be nice. Your pants will get all warm, and nobody will notice anything. And then I can get my dress wet in the pool." Brian was not yet convinced: "But when I'll come out, everybody will see that I have wet my pants. I'm not a baby any more." Jenny sulked. She sat down and looked up her dress to her panties: "I don't care if my panties are wet. Nobody cares, they just walk in and out of the pool. And these panties are red. Your blue swimmers will not even show a stain." Brian looked at Jenny's stained towelling panties and tried to imagine how they would feel. 

Fred solved part of the problem by getting a bucket full of water out of the pond, to throw over Brian after his `accident.' Jenny still insisted that weeing in your swimmers was absolutely allowed because her mother had told her that she was even allowed to wet her dress, which she had not even done yet. "And it feels very nice to wee in your pants, it sort of tickles and is much warmer than the water of the pond. I know, I just did it myself. It is fun!" Finally Brian gave in. With Jenny and Fred casually gazing towards the girl that overlooked the place, he began to push, and felt it coming up. "I really need to go, guys," he whispered. "It won't take much longer." He leaned back on his elbows and tried to wee. It did not come that easy, after all. And his prick had chosen this moment to become a little stiff again, which complicated it even more. But eventually he could feel his wee entering his prick and a moment later his pants became as warm as Jenny had predicted. 

Brian gasped and his face turned red when the first gush washed through his swimmers and completely soaked their front. Jenny encouraged him to do more: "You are wet now, it can't get wetter. Now just go on. When I feel I've wet myself, I always finish it." Brian looked at the evidence she was wearing, nodded, and pushed again. A firm stream now poured into his swimming trunks and he felt it go down all the way, between his legs, down his cheeks, everywhere. Jenny was right, it felt much warmer than anything else, a warm bath included. The sand did not drain it away directly, so that he could enjoy the warmth for as long as he could wee. But eventually it stopped. "Wow guys. This is fun. You were right, Jenny. It's really warm. I liked it. Now help me out and come over here with that bucket." 

Of course, this was exactly the thing not to say to Jenny and Fred. They glanced at each other and then made for the pool, dragging the bucket with them. Brian was furious, but couldn't do anything about it. So after a minute he decided to dig himself out and run for the water. With his hands he opened up the pile of sand, pushing it left and right. When he got to his pants, he carefully examined them. Yes, he had peed into them, and not a little bit. To his amazement and relief, they were almost uniformly dark blue, so that he should not be afraid of detection.

Brian got up and walked to the pond, teasingly slow, to irritate Fred and Jenny. What he did not know was that on his bum the stain did not cover all of his pants, and that the sticking sand made painfully clear what he had done. Fred and Jenny had not kept their mouths shut, and the worst possible happened: Elizabeth pointed at him and called him a pants pisser. He ran for the pond to cover up, but everybody was already laughing at him. Well, Brian was a good sport, so he laughed with them, and soon it was all forgotten. 

Jenny and Fred had not gotten into the pond yet, so Fred proposed to her to wet her dress now. Jenny hesitated, feeling that something else would maybe be more fun. She slowly walked into the water, until it came up halfway to her knees, and then she carefully squatted down while hiking up her dress. Just before her red panties would touch the water, she stopped, and imagined that her mother had _not_ allowed her to wet her clothes. But she simply had to pee very, very badly. She would pee in her panties, now. Jenny took a breath and dipped her red panties into the pond. It was 

_cold_! With a shriek Jenny rose to her feet again, still stooping, while 

Fred laughed at her. Alright then, she thought. She squatted for the second time and now firmly wetted the bottom of her panties, staying squatted. Slowly she got deeper and deeper, hiking up her dress well above her waist, and finally all of her panties were drowned. For a moment, Jenny just let them drown, and then got up. She waited for the water to pour out of her underwear and then dropped her dress back down, turning to Fred. "Can you see that my panties are soaked through my dress?" she asked, while twirling around. Fred grinned. "You bet. Your whole ass is turning dark and there are clear spots on your hips as well." Jenny did not care. "It does not matter, it will dry soon in the sun. And I can wet my clothes as often as I wish today, both in and outside the pool! It will be fun!" 

"Next time you are going to wee in your panties, please tell me first," Fred asked. "I want to see how they get wet with a girl." Jenny promised to come to him as soon as she had to wee again. "And I want to see how it goes with a boy," she added. "Oh, that can be arranged for. Watch!" Fred spread his legs a bit, like he had seen Jenny do it before, and put his hands in his sides. Brian got notice of this and pointed the others towards him. Fred did not mind, because after all, water was water. While he looked down to his light green swimmers, two other boys and three girls came closer to look at the phenomenon.

He concentrated and let go. Immediately a dark stain spread over the front of his pants and soon a little stream began to drip down, growing into a firm torrent. The children around him cheered and started to splash water on him, and eventually Fred just let himself fall backwards into the pond. Jenny was delighted about his performance and thanked Fred, and then went out of the pool to let her panties dry as soon as possible. Finding something to drink would not be a bad idea either, she thought. 

The next day, Jenny got out of bed early and decided to choose her own clothes. She put on her favourite pastel-blue panties with birds, the beautiful blue dress that her mother had given her for her birthday, and white socks almost up to her knees. When her mother showed up, she just let Jenny go on, knowing that the house would be too small if she tried to make her wear something different. Quickly Jenny took breakfast and soon she was outside to play with the others. Near to the pond, but not too close by, because she did not want to wet her socks and dress. 

During her play, Jenny once in a while glanced towards a wild flower bed on the edge of the grass. She seemed to look for something, or some place. While she and the other girls played at hop-scotch on a complicated figure, Jenny took her time, and every time she had to spread her legs to bridge the widest part of the figure, she paused for a short while longer than the other girls. Once she even stayed in that pose for a few seconds, claiming to need a short rest. She gazed at the flower bed again before hopping on to make place for the next girl. 

After an hour, Jenny told the others she was a bit tired and pranced over to the flower bed. Quite confidently she went to a particular spot that she seemed to have chosen before, about ten meters from the other girls who were still playing. For a while, she rummaged a bit in the flower bed, picking a few flowers. Squatting carefully to keep her dress out of the dirt, Jenny tried to twine a flower crown, but it would not work out. She could not concentrate herself on the task. Casually, she kept an eye on the other girls, who were much too busy with their game to look at her. It looked as if she was postponing something until she felt the moment was right. Which seemed right now.

Jenny let the flowers slip out of her hands, slowly rose to her feet, and bit her lip. Her face became a little flushed as she carefully looked around, but nobody was paying attention to her. This was good, because she preferred to pull this off unnoticed. Not that it would matter that much if somebody discovered: she would just weep and tell that it was an accident. But not being discovered was better. Would it be as nice as yesterday? Jenny got so thrilled that she put her thumb in her mouth and sucked it. Yes, it would, she knew. Nothing had changed. Except, of course, that she could easily have gone home five minutes ago, and thus that this would not be a completely genuine accident. Not quite. 

After a last quick look around, still with her thumb in her mouth, Jenny slowly moved her feet somewhat apart. She looked briefly down and then pulled them a bit closer together again. That was all she had to do. Now she should just stand like this and don't look conspicuous. For a while, nothing happened, except for her blush that got a bit more noticeable. Her bare knees started to shiver slightly. She waited to see if there was any reaction from the others. But when nobody showed any interest in her, Jenny dared to take the final step. Her free hand also went to her mouth and clenched her other hand. While her knuckles turned white, she looked down to her feet and held her breath. It took her three more seconds to have an accident in her dress. 

When she felt it happening, she swiftly gazed to the other children, who still did not notice anything, and then took her thumb out of her mouth to look at the front of her blue dress. Nothing showed, just like yesterday, but she could feel that an awful lot was happening under her dress. It was warm and it quickly came everywhere. All cropped-up tension flowed away in just a few seconds. She was having a real accident now, so she was safe, and a big smile appeared on her face. Jenny even parted her legs some more and slightly bent her knees. Between her shoes and white socks, a tiny stream started to fall down on the sand as Jenny sighed from enjoyment. 

It worked! It really worked! She could just go to the toilet in her own panties without sombody knowing. And it felt as pleasant as yesterday. Even better, because she had lived towards it for hours and sneakily did it on purpose. Her mother wouldn't approve, but that only increased the fun, and she would not discover that she had done it on purpose anyway. Jenny relished what happened in her panties and skilfully wetted them as thoroughly as she had done the day before. The wet feeling of warmth up her dress was so lovely. How nice to do a wee like this, much nicer than at home. And so easy.

Nothing could go wrong, and if somebody would come over now and see her standing like this, it would just be an accident. And if nobody discovered, well, she maybe could have another accident later on. Jenny eagerly passed all she had into her underwear and hoped it would take long to finish. The weird feeling of warmth between her legs was very, very comforting. And being naughty like this was very, very exciting. 

But it was over soon, and as Jenny returned to the others to join in with their game again, she was certain that nobody would find out about her little naughty game. Nobody did indeed. The morning passed without any incident, and as she got home to take lunch at noon, her panties had dried up enough to sit down in her dress. Jenny stealthily took a second glass of milk, visited the toilet to peek at her panties which did not show anything special, and went back to the field afterwards. She managed to play with her friends for a while, but then strolled off to the flower bed again. A quick look around and a small shuffle of her feet was all she needed this time. Blushing, with her thumb in her mouth and her other hand on her belly, she waited for the accident to visit her again.

Practice showed, because almost immediately she was greeted by a warm sensation between her legs. Jenny sighed as she let the accident slowly overtake her panties and delightfully listened to the faint dripping sound from between her feet. It was as warmly exciting as ever and lasted longer, but not forever. Her blue panties were very wet now; so wet, in fact, that she did not dare to move at first. She squatted to take a quick look up her dress, but it felt worse than that it actually was. She could return to the others as long as she did not sit down. Slowly walking back, Jenny decided that she would do this more, just for fun. She also decided to only play early in the morning and the afternoon, so that she would always be dry before returning home. 

During that whole summer, Jenny kept on playing, and steadily increased her skill and repertoire of tricks. It never got boring and she got caught only twice: once well after the fun, because of a silly stain on her skirt when she forgot about her wet panties, and once just before she wanted to begin. That last one was especially nice. After her usual arrangements, she was already standing with her legs apart and looking down when her aunt suddenly appeared from nowhere. Jenny's suspicious pose and blush gave her away and her aunt gently asked Jenny if she was having an accident. Jenny nodded timidly, struggling to hold back. She actually managed to stop it before she even got wet. But her aunt could not see this and assumed that the accident had already happened.

She quickly looked around and then gestured Jenny just to get it over: "Hurry up, you're wet anyway." Jenny jumped at this marvellous opportunity. She played to be a bit ashamed but grateful, delightfully spread her legs a great deal further, and rested her hands on her hips. This would be the ultimate naughty game: clearly wetting herself on purpose while her aunt knew it and watched her doing it! Her aunt nodded assuringly as her niece's eyes asked her for confirmation. Jenny felt very fortunate, took a last breath, and purposely did a wee in her dry panties, right before her aunt's sympathetic eyes. While she felt herself slowly getting wet under her dress, she savoured the circumstances. Finally she could do it exactly as she wanted to, with no care for stealth at all. Because it all was an accident. It was heaven. Thanks, aunty! 

Her aunt just understandingly looked at her niece who took the accident quite well. Fortunately she did not seem to be too embarrassed by her little mishap, and had courage enough to get it all over here and now instead of fidgeting home and have another embarrassing accident or two on the way. But after Jenny had been standing in her distinctive wetting pose for a little while, just looking down to her short dress while visibly breathing, her aunt started to wonder. She carefully asked: "Have you already wet your...? Or can you...?" But then the first drops hit the ground between her niece's widely parted feet, and she smiled and patted Jenny on the back.

"It's alright dear, don't worry. Accidents like this happen to everybody." She looked around, but nobody saw her niece in this disgraceful state. Jenny now was in full swing and happily let her panties have it all, while her aunt tried to raise her spirit: "It feels nice and warm, doesn't it? And your dress hides it all. Just go on, dear. Nobody is going to scold you for it, and your underwear now is wet anyway. Better finish it before we go home." Jenny confidently followed her aunt's advice. With hazy eyes, she finished it indeed. 

After both cases of getting caught, she sobbed a bit and was understandingly helped by whomever discovered the accident, gently brought home, and tenderly washed and redressed by her mother. After such an accident, she never had one for at least a few days. But eventually she would stray off to that spot near the pond again, and linger around for a while. Waiting for an expected accident. 

She never waited in vain. 

