After my accident the first night of school, I realized I needed to put a waterproof sheet on my bed. Even though I didn't think I would need it again, the pee stain I had left was huge, and I couldn't get it out. So after my first day of classes, I went to a local store and found an absorbent mattress cover. It was actually better than the plastic sheets I had thought I needed, because it wouldn't crinkle.
Fortunately, Sarah wasn't in our room when I got back, and I was able to put my protective cover on my bed and remake it before she got back. It was a close call though– she came in about five minutes after I was done and asked if I wanted to go get dinner.
The next few days passed without incident. I was enjoying my classes and had been able to get a bit ahead on all the homework and reading assigned. The only disappointment was that I had yet to hear from Josh, though I found myself thinking about him constantly. I finally got a text from him Thursday, inviting me and my friends over to a party at his place. I quickly responded that I would be there, and when I got back to my dorm, convinced Sarah, Ashley, and Betsy to accompany me.
We got to the party, where we had another fun night of drinking, drinking games, and dancing. After a couple of hours, Josh asked if I wanted to see his room, where, to my delight, we ended up making out for a half an hour or so. He invited me to stay over, but due to the fact that I had woken up wet the last time I had been drinking, I didn't feel comfortable, so I told him I couldn't tonight. He seemed disappointed but said it was fine, since we really didn't know each other too well. Even so, I wanted him to realize how much I liked him, so I unbuttoned his pants and kissed him before moving down to his penis.
I walked back down to the party after we were finished, still extremely excited about my discovery that he was, relative to my experiences, above average in size. I made a quick stop in the restroom and gathered my girlfriends before heading out.
It turned out Ashley had been talking to another boy in the house who she had met before and decided to stay over, so Sarah, Becky, and I headed back to the dorm.
That night, I had a dream about a trip I had taken the previous summer. Each year, the class took a trip to the state capital, where we went to an amusement park to celebrate having graduated. It was a blast. However, on the bus ride home, I realized that I had not made a last minute bathroom stop before leaving, and needed to go. There wouldn't be a stop, but the ride was only an hour, so I thought I would be fine. We were nearly home when we hit a huge traffic jam. When we stopped, I became extremely aware of the fact that I was now in urgent need of the bathroom. My legs were already crossed, so I stuck my heel underneath me, wondering what the holdup was. I knew we should be only about ten minutes from school, but had no idea how long it would take, given how slow things were moving. Fifteen minutes later, I was desperate, and had had to resort to the childish move of holding myself with both hands.
At this point, I had drawn the attention of everybody around me, including the girl next to me. She asked if I was all right, and I said, trying not to sob at this point, that I was about to pee my pants. She encouraged me to keep trying, as we were only minutes from the high school now. Two minutes later, we were pulling into the school. I was still dry at this point, but suddenly felt a squirt of pee escape into my boy shorts. I squirmed even more than I had been; quickly sneaking a peek to ensure it hadn't soaked into my pants yet. Fortunately, I was still dry. I was sitting near the front of the bus and was the first one off, hobbling toward the school door. It was locked. I felt a burning, and realized that I wasn't going to make it. I started pissing uncontrollably through my white shorts. It ran down my legs and into my shoes. Nobody really noticed, as they had all headed toward their cars, but I still burned red with embarrassment as I ran to my car...and then I woke up.
I was soaked again. Thank goodness I hadn't stayed with Josh. A look at my clock confirmed it was only 4 in the morning, and I saw that Sarah was still asleep. I jumped out of bed, stripped my sheets and mattress cover, noting with a bit of relief that my mattress was dry. As I loaded it into my hamper and pulled off my soaked pajamas, I wondered whether I should stop drinking. Sure it was fun, but these early morning laundry sessions were not. I did my laundry and headed back to my room around 5:15, passing the same blond girl I had seen in the laundry room the last time. I wondered why she did her laundry so early, but was more concerned with getting back to bed. I woke up around noon to find a text from Josh, asking if I wanted to get dinner that night. I quickly responded yes before hurrying to get dressed and to my 2:00 class.
The day flew by, and dinner with Josh was a blast. He asked if I wanted to go back to his place, where he was hanging out with two of his roommates to watch a hockey game that night, but I declined, saying I was still tired from the night before, but agreeing to stop by the next night.
I went to bed around ten that night, and woke briefly when Sarah came crashing in, drunk again, at one. It didn't bother me much though, and I fell back asleep, only to awake when my alarm was beeping at 8 the next morning. I rolled over, wanting to make sure Sarah could sleep in, when I realized I was wet again.
This I could not believe– I hadn't had anything to drink but water at dinner the night before. Trying not to cry, I pulled my sheets off the bed, along with the mattress cover. I once again took off pee soaked pajamas and threw them in the hamper, deciding I wanted to shower before I did my laundry. I threw the comforter over my mattress and made my way to the shower. As I rinsed off, I wondered what I would do if Josh wanted me to stay over tonight. How could I tell him I might wet his bed, that frankly, it was starting to look like I needed to wear pull–ups...
By: Catie