Patience Prill was a librarian. And she was ever so much more than the stereotype would suggest. Miss Prill was stern faced, stern minded, and a full on virgin at the tender age of 48. She believed sex to be "dirty" and the work of the devil, and men as a whole, were not much better. She didn't know what to make of things like the Internet, she preferred to hide behind her desk and her books and keep her library in "order". Miss Prill could often be found hushing noisy little children and flashing her well–known dark looks. Kids were afraid of her, and always complied with being quiet, otherwise they were escorted out by Miss Prill by a firm grip on a little ear. 
One evening, as Miss Prill began her usual closing up procedures, she became aware of a slight twinge in her bladder. Just a mild message that she'd need to urinate soon. All bodily functions were an annoyance to Miss Prill, dirty and disgusting, but somehow a cross she had to bear. She mentally determined her need to urinate...quite mild, but she had consumed several large cups of tea and later, considerable water. Not concerned she continued about her duties, putting books and the like away and locking up all the doors. As she worked, she noticed a gentleman quietly reading. He had been so wrapped up in his book that he'd missed her announcing closing time. "Sir, excuse me, but it's time to lock up, and you need to go." The gentleman looked up, he was actually quite handsome, maybe between 50 and 55, silver hair, and a slender build. 
He said, "Oh dear, my apologies, I'm afraid I missed the last call, I'll be on my way then." He rose up and sorted out his things. Miss Prill now felt a more urgent request from her bladder.
This just wouldn't do...she needed to finish closing up, and be on her own way, as soon as possible. "Please, sir, I will unlock the door so you may leave." 
He followed her to the heavy locked doors. Miss Prill was beginning to feel quite uncomfortable now, walking to the door seemed to exacerbate her need. She was beginning to think she would follow the gentleman out, use the hallway restroom, and return to her closing duties after relieving her bladder. She slipped her key into the door and turned. The key seemed to jam. She turned a bit harder, and the key suddenly snapped off in the keyhole. "Oh, dear" she exclaimed, "I broke the key, I don't think I can get this door open." As the thought sunk in, she felt her bladder contract and a serious urge to pee struck causing her to clench her legs together for a moment... 
The gentleman offered to look at the door and she stepped aside, just as another urge hit her, and she crossed her legs in consternation. She felt angry at her body for this uncomfortable situation, there was no way she could possibly tell this gentleman that she suddenly desperately needed a toilet. 
The door refused to be unlocked and the gentleman turned and told her as much... "Oh, my..." She said, "I need to sit a spell". He looked at her and wondered what was wrong. He said, "My name is Gary Jansen, and I can't help but notice you seem to be concerned about something, please let me assure you that I am a gentleman, and am only concerned about resolving this problem." What Gary failed to mention was that he also was feeling the effects of a heavy bladder, which he'd put off to get his intensive reading finished up. Gary REALLY wanted to get the door unlocked. 
Miss Prill had gone to her phone to call for assistance, but the line was dead. There was a recording on the phone stating they were working on the lines and the phone would be working again soon. An urge to urinate hit her again, she sucked her pussy in as tight as she could without being obvious, her hands were gripping the counter for support, and her legs crossed in her efforts. "Sir" she said softly, "the phone appears to be out of order". 
Gary was still at the door, fiddling away. His bladder was feeling swollen and tender; he needed to pee as bad as he could remember. The pressure was building against the base of his penis. He suddenly needed to go very bad. He really didn't want to admit this to Miss Prill, but he was beginning to be afraid of how much longer he could hold it. "Ma'am", he said, "I would be happy to continue working on the door, but I am in great need of a restroom, could you please point out where it is and I will work on this immediately after I attend to my need?" 
Miss Prill heard the word "restroom" and a big urge hit, forcing her to bend over and cross her legs in desperation. "Mr. Jansen, I am sorry, but the restrooms are just outside that locked door in the hallway." Miss Prill still couldn't bring herself to admit her own desperation. 
Gary began to fidget overtly. Clamping his legs and shoving his elbow into his penis, he bounced from one foot to the other. He wanted to grab himself so badly, but he was too embarrassed to do so in front of Miss Prill. He finally sat down, and the pressure abated for a moment. He looked at Miss Prill and noticed her strained face and how she was crossing her legs and clamping her knees together hard. He suddenly realized she needed to go as badly as he did. Miss Prill felt a huge urge, it was undeniable this time, a trickle of urine shot forth and soaked the crotch of her big old–fashioned underpants. Without thinking, she grabbed her crotch, to stem any more flow. She needed to go so badly, she couldn't remember ever having been this uncomfortable. She always planned ahead, but this was out of her hands. Her bladder was near bursting as it fought her desperate efforts to quell it. 
Gary said, "Miss Prill, may I call you Miss Prill?" He pointed at her nametag. "It would appear we are both suffering greatly, from the same discomfort, maybe you have a trash receptacle we could employ?" Miss Prill was utterly shocked at the thought, this so–called gentleman was suggesting something so disgusting she wanted to scream at him, but her own desperation appeared to be dictating the situation, and she could only squeak that there was no trash receptacle because she had taken them out earlier. Another spurt of urine dribbled into her big undies and she clasped herself and squeezed as tight as she could. She was in pain, and it only seemed to be growing worse. 
Now Gary felt a spurt of his hot pee slip out, and finally gave up on modesty to grab himself. His penis ached with need and the pinching helped, but he needed real relief so badly. 
Miss Prill saw Gary clutch himself, and saw the outline of his penis inside one leg of his pants. She felt her disgust and anger begin to build at this man, and as she started to snap at him to behave, she was aware of a small wet spot spreading along his pant leg. He saw her eyes, and could only exclaim, "I am so very, very sorry, Miss Prill, I am quite desperate, I need to urinate so badly it hurts. My bladder is bursting. I do not believe I can hold on much longer. I fear I am going to humiliate myself in front of you and it pains me greatly. God...I need to go sooo bad". He was massaging his penis hard now, desperately clutching at his crotch. 
Miss Prill suddenly had a feeling she had never encountered before. Although her bladder seemed on the verge of exploding, she felt arousal, a feeling wholly unfamiliar to her. She was clutching her pussy wildly and trying to stem her own flood and subsequent humiliation. Her pussy throbbed against her hand, little spurts of hot urine squirting into her panties, and relief seemingly so far away. She felt flushed and glanced at Mr. Jansen to see if he'd seen her desperate ministrations. He had and his own need was now coupled with his own arousal at her antics.
His penis had become hard and the urge to stroke it to orgasm was nearly as strong as the urge to urinate. 
Suddenly, Miss Prill could no longer tolerate the pain. Even as her hand dug deep into her crotch, her bladder let loose, and she began to sluice a large amount of hot urine into her panties, the pressure so great from holding that her urine shot forward drenching the front of her "proper" pale gray skirt turning it a dark gray. She looked down and surveyed the damage, and more urine shot forth into her skirt. She clamped down as hard as she could and stopped the flow. She began to cry. "Oh my God, I've wet myself...I've wet myself, I've wet my panties, my skirt, I just couldn't stop, I'm so sorry..." her sobs wracked her slender frame. Gary rose, his desperation momentarily forgotten as he put his arms around her. "It's okay, please don't cry, it's okay" She looked up at him, appreciative of his kindness, and for the first time in her life, wanting this man to hold her closer. 
As he hugged her, her hot urine slipped past her clamped muscles again, and it soaked through her skirt and into the front of his pants. As Gary felt the hot urine hit his privates, he groaned and lost his battle with his own desperation. His penis seemed to explode against the front of his pants, shooting hot urine through his pants and right into Miss Prill's crotch. Her own desperation slightly abated, she felt this new heat with wonder. She ground her hips into him, and began to moan. The action caused Gary to stop his massive stream, he was only half empty, but now his penis had become throbbingly hard as it reacted to the grinding of this woman in his arms. He pushed up her wet skirt, she didn't resist, and his hands encountered the hottest pussy he'd ever felt in his life, the heat was pulsating right through her undies. Miss Prill had never been with a man, but suddenly her hands were pulling down his zipper, pushing aside his soaked underwear, and tugging his throbbing penis out while she stroked it. He moaned at her touch. Her pussy responded with answering heat. She needed another relief now, and she needed it just as desperately. Her pussy was dribbling thick lubrication juices in anticipation. Gary slipped his swollen penis between her legs, she moaned louder. He pushed harder, finding it strangely difficult, even though she seemed incredibly ready. He pushed hard again needing relief and she screamed, pain and pleasure rolled into one, her orgasm was mind numbing, and as she came the rest of her urine spewed forth soaking him as he himself shot the best load of his life and his own bladder finished emptying into her. They fell on the floor in exhaustion hugging each other. Soon, they were sound asleep. 
Morning came and they awoke in each other's arms. They were cold and damp. Immediately they both realized they needed to urinate again. They touched each other and were immediately aroused. Gary tried to penetrate her again, and it still seemed difficult. She smiled at him. "You're my first" she said. His penis throbbed at the thought and pushed tightly into her. She moaned. He thrust at her gently, one finger massaging her hot clit. Her full bladder was fiercely protesting. She felt her orgasm overcome all other thoughts, and as she came, her urine again released, spilling hot and fetid over his straining penis. This caused him to ejaculate, and as he did, his own morning urine spilled forth into the warm depths of her vagina. Miss Prill had never imagined that sex could be like this. When they were finally released from the locked library, they stayed together eagerly discovering every little thing about the other. Miss Prill isn't stern anymore, and should you ever happen to see her out with Mr. Jansen, you can be fairly sure she's probably holding a somewhat full bladder. She also prefers to go by her first name...Patience.
Chase