Nina glanced at her boyfriend Sam and giggled nervously as she squirmed around in her seat a little. She's had a full mega size soft drink and was starting to feel the effects of it in her bladder. Checking her watch she realised that she was only halfway through the movie and still had almost another hour to go, and it was a premiere she was NOT missing even a minute of because of for a bathroom break.
A bit further into the movie she was having trouble concentrating and sitting still and Sam noticed and asked what was wrong.
"Oh nothing. I just have to pee really badly thats all. It's so bad I'm thinking about going."
"Oh god just hold it. The cinema is packed and you'll have to step on about 40 people before you get out. Theres not long left."
Still squirming a little Nina forced herself to hold on a bit longer.
By the end of the movie Nina's bladder was fuller than ever before and she was wiggling around and figiting madly while trying to hold it. When the lights came on there was a mad rush of people all trying to exit the theatre.
"Come on. Quick Sam," Nina said to him and tried to start pushing her way through the crowd to the exit.
"Oh for gods sake wait a little longer. We'll never get out. Just wait until all the people leave and we'll go when it's clear," he said sternly, apparently not sympathetic to her growing bladder problems.
Nina doubled over with her hands at her crotch holding herself, desperate to relieve the huge pressure on her bladder. Sam looked at her and immidiatly told her to stop acting like a 5 year old and just wait a minute and she could go.
"By the time we get out the bathrooms will be full and I'll have to wait ages," Nina whimpered, clutching herself to keep from wetting. She was rewarded with a distainful look from Sam.
Finally the cinema exit cleared and Sam started walking to the exit, at the doors Nina doubled over again clutching her crotch. She spotted the bathrooms and made a mad dash to them only to find that there was a large que of women stretching out of the bathroom doors halfway across the foyer. A few of the women were in the same situation as Nina, legs crossed tightly, some doubled over. One woman in the middle of the line had lost control and was wetting herself obviously, a large dark stain spreading down her jeans and making a smallish puddle on the foyer carpeting.
Nina clutched at her crotch in desperation. She had been holding on for simply AGES and could not hold on the wait in the line. She almost burst into tears. Her bladder felt so full, and she felt almost certain that if she took her hands away from her crotch she's wet herself. She quickly got in the line. 
The women in front of her looked as desperate as Nina. Her face was contorted with the concentration of holding back a bladder full of urine, legs were crossed tightly beneath her dark powderblue skirt, and she was bent over a little gasping with the strain.
"I have got to go SO badly!" the woman gasped to Nina, interrupting her pee dancing.
"Me too. I'm almost wetting myself and the line dones't seem to be moving at all." The woman informed her that there were only 4 toilets in the bathroom and one was broken, a girl was being sick in another, and that it seemed a constipated woman was hogging another, leaving only one loo for about 60 women waiting.
Nina's bladder control wavered slightly at the news, and the sinking reality of the situation hit her.
"I'm not gonna make it," she gasped, leaking very slightly into her panties.
"You think you've got it bad? I took 3 laxatives this morning and they just hit and I have got to dump something awful," a women in a tan suit said, with one hand clutched to her stomach and the other pushing back her hair.
"Not a good thing in a line like this," Nina sympathised, leaking a little more, then followed by a trickle steadily growing.
"Oh god I'm loosing it!" she wailed, as the trickle bacame a torrent of piss flodding her jeans. She jammed her hands to her pussy frantically trying to stop the flow as the stain spread all through her jeans and leaked into her shoes and puddled on the carpet.
Nina colnd't stop until her bladder was totally emptied. She flushed red with embarrassment and walked out of the line back towards where Sam was waiting impatiently.
"I see you couldn't wait," Sam observed unnecessarily, as Nina's jeans were totally soaked and even a blind person could tell she'd wet her pants. Turning around to look if the line had made ANY progress at all, Nina saw the lady in the tan suit feeling the effects of the laxatives, bend slightly over, her back facing Nina lose control and saw a dark brown stain spread over the back of her skirt, and run down her legs, sticking on her stockings, followed by several streams of piss flodding down the offended nylon and puddling on the floor.
Sweet Panty Girl next Sweet Panty Girl story