I Need Advice!!

by IsHeAbnormal

My boyfriend and I were watching TV and there was a girl hopping around and moaning that she had to pee. Suddenly, my boyfriend jumped up from the sofa and walked away from me. I asked him what was wrong, but he wouldn't turn around. I got up and made him face me and then my eyes fell to the problem. His pants were straining against his massive erection.

Sheepishly, he confessed that watching girls squirming with the desperation to pee made him horny.

Now that I knew, he was more open about his fetish and asked if I would do it for him.

I was really self-conciouss at first, so he said we didn't have to do anything sexual and we'd just start off slow by playing the hold it game.

We both went to the toilet to empty our bladders, and then drank two litres of water. I had to pee before I'd even finished.

I proved to be awful at the hold-it game, only lasting an hour or so whereas my boyfriend could wait for ages. But this was an hour of pleasure to him, watching mee squirm with increasing desperation until I had to make a dash for the bathroom.

We played a few more times, and I learnt to hold it in longer and longer. I grew bolder too, becoming more descriptive as I decribed how bad I had to go.

We'd been playing for a couple of months, andthen one day we decided to up the game to three litres.

After and hour or so, I was wriggling around, unable to sit sillas I told my boyfriend how excruciatingly desperate I was.

Soon I was holding myself and hopping around.

My boyfriedn was getting totally horny, breathing heavily and rubbing the bulge in his pants.

"I've never seen you this bad before!" he groaned.

I wriggled around with my hands pushing against my vagina as hard as I could. "I can't wait any longer!" I gasped - no longer caring about his pleasurement.

"Let me help." he said, and took my hands from between my thighs. He then pushed his own hands against me. My first reaction was to tell him that this was too far, but then I realised he was actually helping - I figured I could make it to the bathroom now. Just.

He half-carried my upstairs, his hand between my legs, and then put my down in the batrhoom. He'd asked me to let him watch me pee before but I'd always said no but at this point I was too desperate to care.

I ran in with no time to shut the door, hiked up my skirt, yanked down my knickers and hurried to sit on the toilet.

My boyfriend stood in the doorway, massaging his erection.

I vowed never to wait so long again, but about a month or so later, I had to resort to some really desperate measures!

We had been getting a bit bored of playing in his house and decided to play outside. We drank the water and then took a drive around the countryside. Three hours passed and I wasn't overly desperate yet, but my boyfriend was really struggling. He was having to drive one-handed so he could squeeze himself.

Suddenly he stopped the car and ran to a tree to relieve himself. It was the first time I'd won.

I was gloating to myself when the sound of him pis sing reached my ears. Suddenly, I had to go really really badly.

I got out of the car but before I could even pull my jeans down, my boyfriend asked if I could wait a bit longer.

I wasn't sure but then he kissed me and I forgot all about my full bladder and let him lead me to the car.

Soon I was absolutley bursting to pee. My knees were bouncing up and down as I pressed down hard on my fann y. Dale was in heaven though, moaning and rubbing himself whenever I complained.

I told him to stop so I could pee in a bush, but he told me to wait just one more minute.

"I can't!" I moaned, but now we were back in town and there were no bushes to pee in.

My boyfriend put his hand down my knickers and held my fanny for me, but I couldn't stop wriggling.

Finally, we pulled into his drive and I prepared to make a dash for it, but before I could open the door, my boyfriend had climbed on top of my me and was feverishly undressing as he kissed me.

I was nearly crying, begging him to let me pee first, but he just thought I was doing it for his benefit and ground his hips against mine, his erection poking into my bladder.

He didn't realise what a desperate state I was in as he tugged my jeans and knickers off and thrust into me.

He was gasping and groaning, banging his fist on the headrest, clearly enjoying himself imensly, while I lay beneath him with tears running down my cheeks with the effort of holding back my pee.

When he finally rolled off me, panting, I found that I couldn't move without spurts of pee escaping.

"Shi t! I'm going to pee all over the car!" I cried, bent double, pressing my elbows into my pee hole.

When he realised I couldn't move, he said he had a plan. He put his clothes back on, while I bit my lip to stop myself screaming in agony. He came around to my side of the car and opened the door.

"Tell me how desperate you are!" he said. I didn't see how this could possibly help the situation, but I did what he said, describing how my body was rigid with the need to pee. I watched as his **** hardened as I spoke.

When he was fully erect, he lowered his pants just enough so that his **** was sticking out.

He lifted my out of the car, even though I was naked but for my bra, and wrapped by legs around his waist. Then he told me to move my hands. Reluctantly, I took my hands off my pu ssy, horrified when a trickle of pee dripped onto his pants. Suddenly, I didn't have to pee quite so desperatley. I looked down to find Dale had fitted me over his penis.

He carried me to his front door where we hit a problem as he tried to get his key out of his pocket.

Inside, he hobbled awkwardly up the stairs.

I expected him to put me down in the bathroom, but he kicked off his pants and sat down on the loo with me still clinging to him.

He lifted me up slightly and removed himself, then placed my over the gap his legs made.

I asked him what the hell he was doing.

"Just pee!" he said.

I tried desperatley hard not to, pushing my hands into myself, but it had to come out and there was nothing I could do to stop it as it gushed over my fingers and through his legs.

Some of it splashed onto him and he groaned with pleasure, kissing my breasts.

The whole experience was horrible and I decided not to go along with the game anymore.

Our relationship is good, and I thought it didn’t matter, but when we were drunk one night, he practically begged me to wet myself for him. It made me feel sick. I’d pushed myself to the limit deliberately making myself desperate to pee.

I’m glad I found this site, I though he was abnormal, or a sick perve or something.

Can you help me out and explain what the attraction is? I don’t want to talk to my boyfriend about it in case he thinks that means I’m up for it.

I just don’t see the appeal. But I love my boyfriend and maybe if I can understand, we can find a way to meet his needs.

Any help or advice much appreciated.

