Randi was kicking herself for not going to the bathroom before setting out on her bike for a day's ride. Of course, there wasn't much to kick. At barely 100 pounds, she was a petite brunette with a small chest and a cute smile that showed off her braces. She had a slim figure and dark brown eyes that often shined in a naughty way when Randi had one of her schemes in mind. This was one of those schemes. She was scolding herself for leaving the house in tight, white jeans without peeing first, but it was a playful scolding and she intended to have fun today. The five glasses of water were beginning to make Randi feel full as she rode through the countryside that surrounded her house. She rationalized that that many glasses was a guarantee against dehydration on the hot, summer day. Only an hour had passed, but she could feel the need to get to a toilet growing with each pedal forward. She was an hour away from her house and she knew that no place existed for her to relieve herself on the way. She grimaced as she felt the urge to piss grow stronger. She was determined to make it back to the house to pee – this time. She often rode out with the full intention of coming home and having a wonderful accident in her jeans at her own discretion but a few times she ended up in her own driveway, softly telling herself "no" as warm urine flowed down her legs. But she was determined to make it this time. With half an hour to go, Randi was sweating, but not because of the heat. Her bladder felt tight and hard to the touch and each time she pushed her little foot down on the pedals, she could feel the pee wanting to come out. She was bent over the handlebars in a racing position because of the intense, piercing pain of her full bladder and she was telling herself that she would make it. She tried to pedal with her legs together but she found the posture impossible and looked around plaintively for somewhere to pee. "I have to make it home!" she thought to herself. "Oh, I just want to let it all go in my jeans, I want to turn them yellow with pee, but I can't...not yet. Just let me make it home!" Familiar landmarks were in view now and the pain in her bladder seemed to loosen some as her house came slowly into view. She lived alone in the country, which some would say was dangerous, but it gave Randi a sense of privacy and more opportunities to do the daring sex–capades she was always wanting to do. Her pee hole wanted to relax; her pussy was wet with anticipation as she rode quickly up the driveway. She practically dove off the bike as it neared the garage and shoved a hand into her crotch to keep the flow from starting. She was hunched over, inching her way to the front door, her bladder screaming for release. She needed to piss so bad that her head hurt and she was gasping, trying to keep the pee from splashing down her pussy and into her clean, white jeans. "Oh dammit, no, please," she whined at the locked front door. "Where are my keys," she cried softly to herself. "Oh I need to pee so bad, please, let me hold it, please let me hold it in." Her bush was soaked with juice as she waddled around the back, still holding her pussy with one hand to keep from peeing her jeans. Suddenly, a small jet of piss escaped and she buried the other hand into her crotch, cursing her situation, but being amazingly turned on by what was about to happen. She reached the back door and flung it open and ran inside to the bathroom as fast as she could, legs barely apart, one hand firmly pushed into her pussy. "Yes, I'll make it," she told herself. "I'll make it to the bathroom and sit down and pee and pee until I'm all out, until my body cannot piss anymore." And Randi reached the bathroom, tearing off her shirt as she closed the door behind her, letting her small breasts loose, letting the hard nipples feel the air–conditioned room. And there she stood in the bathroom: shirtless, her small A cup tits moist with sweat, her hands cupping her pussy, afraid to let go, her straight black hair lightly covering one eye, in tight white jeans, only feet away from the toilet. The full–length mirror gave her the perfect view as she breathed in and let go. "Ohhhhh, I'm pissing myself! Ohhhhhh...." Hot piss poured from her pussy, pooling in her cotton panties before spilling down her legs. The pee shot out so hard that it leapt through the denim, soaking her hands. Randi crouched low, knees bent, a smile on her face as piss gushed over her clit and around her ass, soaking her butt. She unzipped as she peed herself, the warm urine coming in waves, splashing onto the tile floor, surrounding her in a yellowish puddle. She thrust her right hand into her soaked panties and felt the piss shooting out and she rubbed her clit fast as she collapsed onto the floor, squirming in the puddle of piss, pee still emptying from her hole, her hand a making sloppy noises as she rubbed her piss–soaked, cumming pussy. "I'm pissing, I'm coming, oh, I'm so wet and dirty," she breathed as she came again and again, the pee slowly trickling to a stop, but her girl cum shooting into her panties and soaking her hand and pants. She gave a few more short rubs and then brought her hand to her mouth, tasting her sweet piss and cum as she felt the puddle of piss soak into her shirt and hair and she smiled, glad to have made it to the bathroom.
WetHead666 ( Email Welcome )