The Contest...

Posted by Sparklegirls2000 on May 29th, 2011 at 9:53AM

My 2 best friends, Megan,who is my sister and Leah, who is my BEST friend are all pee holders, as you may have noticed if you looked at our profile.

Megan and I have been into holding our pee for a long time now. I'm 22, and she's 23 and we started when we were 11-12, so a total of 11 years. We shared the same room growing up, are close in age, and got along really well, so it worked out great.

Today I'm going to share a story about one of the biggest holding contests Megan and I have ever done.

We were 14 & 15 and had been into holding for about 3 years at the time. We had had holding contests before but none had been this long. We were sitting in our room, bored and home alone for the weekend. (Our parents were always really busy--not to mention made A LOT of money! :D) Megan suggested that we have a pee holding contest. I agreed.

So we did the usual. Emptied our bladders, trying our best to get every drop of pee out. And then went downstairs to the kitchen and got 2 16oz bottles of water and 1 20oz bottle of berry gatorade each. We chugged these down and sat at the kitchen counter for a little while talking until we felt a bit of pressure in our bladders. It was about 15 minutes before we felt anything. And then I felt this giant 'thud' I guess in my bladder. Or at least, that's what it felt like! My urge to pee had started. I told Megan about it and it turned out she had to go by then too. We decided to go back up to our rooms to watch TV and try to distract ourselves. I could feel my bladder getting fuller by the minute. I was loving it. I loved and still do love the feeling of a full bladder. I put the tips of my fingers under the waistband of my panties and felt my bladder bulging out just a little. I didn't have to very bad yet, so I kept watching TV and eventually fell asleep.

About an hour later, I woke up to a surprisingly full bladder. It turned out to be because of the way I was laying though. By then we had been holding about 3 and a half hours. After another hour or so, I felt the urge of wanted release coming stronger. We were at 4 and a half hours of holding and it still felt really good. We got bored of watching TV a few minutes later and I suggested that we ride our bikes around the lake a few times. We got up off the bed we were laying on and stood up. . .for a few seconds anyway! We obviously had to pee a little worse than we suspected! I felt under the waistband on my panties again. My bladder felt even fuller and bulged out a little more.

As soon as we regained control of our bladders, we ambled downstairs and to the garage and pulled out our bikes, opened the garage door and went down the driveway. The seats provided a lot of pressure to our pee holes and that was really nice. We spent about an hour and a half to 2 hours biking around the lake. I definitely had to pee bad now. 5 and a half hours of holding had gone by. After we got back to the house, it was nearly 8 o'clock. We had to hold our crotches to keep from leaking. When we got in the house, I dared my Megan to take a shower. "WHAT?? God Calla!! I would piss myself if I took a shower!!" She screamed at me.

"Fine. Then I'll take one too. With the curtain open. And you watching me. Of course, if I do it, you have to too." I challenged her. "Fine." If you do it I will."

"Good. Lets go."

Holding ourselves, we went up the stairs into our room and then into our bathroom. We pulled the shades down, and both started stripping. Shirts, then pants, socks, bras, and then finally panties. I turned on the water and got in to the shower, leaving the curtain open. As soon as I got in, my urge to pee turned to desperation and then to aching pain. I doubled over, doing all I could to keep the pee in. Megan was watching my vagina intently to see if any pee escaped. None did. I finished cleaning myself and asked my sister to grab my towel. She stood up slowly, grasping her pussy, and threw my towel to me. "Your turn." I said to her, smirking.

She got in and basically did the same thing I did. Doubled over in pain and desperation and clenching her pussy. 15 minutes later, we went back into our room, and laid on our beds, holding ourselves. "Well, we ought to get to sleep." Megan told me. "I guess so." I replied. I turned on my side and maybe an hour later, fell asleep--somehow.

In the morning, I woke up to hard breathing in the bed next to mine. I sat up, snapping quickly back to reality and grasped my crotch hard. "Calla! I have to go so bad!! I don't think I can hold it much longer!" Megan moaned. I was breathing as hard as she was by now.

I was in total desperation. In pain. Miserable. But I kept holding. It was 7:30 when we woke up. 12 hours since our last pee. But plus 1.02 kilograms of fluid in our bodies. We had pee holding contest rules. And the worst most daring one was that when you got so desperate, and so in pain to pee, you had to drink a 16 oz bottle of water to add to your desperation. So we did. 16oz of water into our aching, bulging, rock hard bladders. We sat on the couch, holding ourselves crossing our legs, sitting on our heels for 4 more hours. 16 hours had gone by without a pee. When finally, Megan groaned loudly. And gripped her crotch more tightly. "OH GOD!! IT'S COMING!! IT'S COMING!!!!!! I CAN"T STOP IT!!" She brought herself to the wood floor as a hard, long stream of pee escaped from me.

