Ashley wasn't the most popular girl, or the best looking. However, Kevin didn't care. He liked her for her personality. 
On the day school was out, Ashley was very busy, She would go to school, do everything there, then she would come home and immediately go to the orthodontist. Then it was off to physical therapy, because she broke her arm a while back. Then she was going to Kevin's for dinner, and then off to the movies. 
At the end of the school day, her bladder was already feeling it. Through the orthodontist appt., she was squirming the whole time. By the time it was dinner, she couldn't imagine making it till about 10:30, the end of the movie.
The two went to the theater, and Ashley had the hottest clothes that she owned on –her "short" skirt, and a nice shirt. About every minute, he would grab her tight pussy and try to hold it, and after a half–hour into the movie, she mumbled, "I reeeeeeeeeally have to peeeeeeee." Unfortunately, on the way in, they saw the bathrooms were closed. Also, they were all the way at the end of the row, and a couple of people on the end were really annoyed when they walked past before.
With about 10 minutes left in the movie, Ashley said "Oh shit!" and you could hear a hisssssssing sound. Her skirt was a light tan, and it was turning yellow. The hissing went on for about a minute and a half, and Ashley ran out of the theater. Kevin followed her, and in the car, they both started masturbating her through her panties. Some other things happened that night too...
Alex