Time Turner (Part 1)
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on September 16th, 2010 at 6:29PM

In theory, Dr. Liu liked the idea of an awards ceremony just fine—in fact, she hoped that her invention would land her a Nobel Prize later this year—but the actual event was dragging on interminably. First the president of the university had to speak, and then the chair of the department, then the head of her lab, all three of them with endless long-winded anecdotes while she sat to one side of the stage, smiling demurely and ruing all the water and Champaign and coffee she’d had at the banquet. By the time it was her turn to speak, she had to pee so bad that it was an effort not to squirm visibly at the podium. She trimmed her own presentation down to about 20 minutes, but now it seemed the questions would go on forever.

“Who’s idea was it to call your invention a Time Turner?”

“Not mine, that’s for sure,” said Dr. Liu. “There’s nothing magical about it. It’s not even a time machine, exactly. Matter doesn’t move back through time, only consciousness.”

“More like ‘Groundhog Day’ than ‘Harry Potter,’ then.”

“Exactly.” Damn it, she thought, I’m going to burst like a balloon if I have to stand here for another five minutes. “Just one more question, and then I’d really like to wrap this up,” she said.

“What’s one thing you’ve thought of going back and doing differently?”

Making a detour to the ladies’ room when I had the chance, is what she thought, but she wasn’t going to say that out loud. She shrugged. “Nothing, really,” she said. “It has such a limited range so far—it varies, but it’s never taken anyone more than about twenty minutes into the past. There aren’t many important mistakes we learn about that quickly.” It wouldn’t even get her to the bathroom with that range, she thought. Her last chance to duck out gracefully had been almost two hours ago.

“Dr. Liu! Dr. Liu!” A dozen other scientists in the audience were bursting with questions, but she insisted, “Please, no more questions for now. Thank you.”

The applause began, and then before she could bolt from the stage the president of the university reached her and shook her hand and took her by the elbow to turn her towards the photographers. She waved and managed a smile, and then he handed her off to the department chair who grasped her hand in both of his and pumped it effusively, and then the lab director had to stop her to tell her how proud he was to have worked with her. As she made her way down from the stage and back to her table, every step of the journey was a gauntlet of smiles and handshakes and congratulations and well-wishes, and with every step all she could think was I have to piss like a f*cking racehorse. I’m seriously afraid I’ll pee in my pants before I make it to the bathroom. Or pantyhose, or whatever. She’d worn a dress for the ceremony (very unusual for her) cut low in the back (which meant no bra) and with a skirt that ruffled out a bit and ended above the knee. She’d had to go out and buy pantyhose just for the occasion.

Gritting her teeth and clenching all the muscles of her butt, she finally reached her table. The rest of her research team, Bob and George and Lou, were seated around the table and rose to greet her—yet another handshake, with pats on the shoulder and back.

“Bob, hand me my jacket and purse, will you? I’ve gotta go.”

“Back to the lab so soon?”

“No, I…” Did she really want to announce that she was on the verge of wetting herself? “Yeah,” she said. “Lab.” She was shifting from foot to foot.

“OK. Do you want to take the Time Turner, then? I was gonna bring it back to the lab later on, but if you’re going now…”

“Um…” Did that make sense? She felt like her mind was racing in circles, but her only thought was I have to pee I have to pee Oh my f*cking God do I have to pee pee pee. “Sure. Whatever. Hand it over. Just hurry.” The device was hardly any larger than a pack of cards and she shoved in into her purse, looping the strap over one shoulder and then sliding her black silk jacket over that. 

Hurrying for the exit, her path was blocked by Wiggins from High Energy Particle Physics. “Liu, about that grant proposal…”

“Tomorrow,” she said. “Call me tomorrow. Or email me.”

“But the proposal is due by noon.”

“So call me early.” I am going to piss all over this guy’s shoes if he doesn’t get out of my way, she thought. “Right now I’ve gotta…”

“But I just need to know if we’re going with CERN or with Fermi Lab.”

Shit, this ought to be easy, she thought. She crossed her legs and bit her lip. She knew they’d need 12,000 gigavolts… “CERN,” she said. “Definitely CERN.” 

She moved to get around him, but he still blocked her way. “You’re sure? We’re budgeted for…”

“12,000 gigavolts,” she practically barked at him. “Has to be CERN.”

“Jeeze, Liu, you don’t have to be so…” but she was already squeezing past his bulk and out onto the mezzanine.

The closest ladies’ room she knew of was one flight down, towards the back of the lobby. The escalator was about fifty yards ahead, and there were probably 200 people between her and it. But an elevator pinged right next to her, the doors swishing open just as she passed. Silly to take an elevator for just one flight, but under the circumstances… She darted inside and pressed “1,” and as the doors closed, she allowed herself to double over and grip her crotch with her hands. Only when it started to move did she realize her mistake. The elevator was moving up, not down. “No no no no no!” she wailed, pounding the “1” button again and again. Then, horrified, she noticed that this was an express elevator to the hotel levels at the very top of the building. She couldn’t turn the elevator back or even get out before the twentieth floor.

She started to pace the narrow confines of the elevator, muttering profanities. She gathered her dress up, bunching it around her waist so she could grip herself more directly. Squirm. Pace. Wriggle. Rock back and forth. Bend forward. Repeat…

…for twenty floors.

Finally the elevator slowed to a stop. The up arrow winked out and the down arrow lit up. “Yes, yes, thank God, now hurry hurry hurry! Down down down!” But the doors slid open. Dr. Liu hurriedly let go her crotch and smoothed her dress down again as half a dozen well-dressed people came piling in. She bit down on her tongue deliberately, afraid she’d lose it right then, but she crossed her legs as she stepped back, in a move she hoped wasn’t too obvious.

Thankfully, they were all caught up in animated conversation. Liu clenched her jaw and began to clench-relax-clench her thighs, thinking to herself Please God let me hold on for just a few more minutes. Please please please! The doors began to close, but then a voice from down the hall called out, “Going down?” and the doors were made to open again and one more body crowded into the elevator. Liu was pressed back now, all the way into the corner. Clench-relax-clench. Clench. Clench. She fixed her eyes on a piece of lint on the jacket of the man in front of her, all of her attention focused on the quivering muscles at the base of her pelvis.

“Say, aren’t you Dr. Liu?”

“What?” She looked up, startled.

Suddenly everyone in the elevator was turning to look at her. “Dr. Liu,” the man said. “The physicist.”

Clench. Gulp. Squirm. “Uh…yeah.” Clench. Clench. Clench.

“Why, that’s just amazing, what you’ve developed…”

A squirt. “Oh God…!” She grimaced.

“I say, are you all right?”

A bigger squirt. Her crotch was suddenly very hot, her inner thighs wet. “Oh shit! Nooooo!”

“What’s the matter? Is there anything…?”

And then, loud and unmistakable, came the sound of water hitting the floor. The smell of piss filled the elevator. “Damn it!” shouted Dr. Liu. “God damn it!”

“Oh dear.” People turned away in embarrassment. Looked at the ceiling. Looked at the floor (and the puddle). One woman covered her nose with the back of her hand. Someone tried to suppress a giggle—unsuccessfully. Tears welled up in Liu’s eyes. She squeezed them closed furiously and banged the back of her head against the elevator wall in frustration. She was still trying to staunch the pee, but it was gushing uncontrollably now, wicking down her legs, soaking the front of her dress and spraying out all over the floor.

People were trying to back away from her—Oh my God, they were getting splashed!—but there wasn’t room. She wanted to turn away, to hide her face, but there wasn’t even room enough in the elevator even to do that without jostling people. She closed her eyes and hugged herself, pulling her jacket around her like a cocoon. Felt the weight of her purse under the jacket.

The time turner in her purse.

She rummaged for it, ignoring everyone else (still peeing, but Oh my God who the f*ck cares now?), got it out, pressed the stand-by switch and waited for it to power up. 

“Is that the time turner?” someone asked.

The indicator flashed “READY.” Her peeing had trickled mostly to a stop.

“Yes,” she said, and activated it.

For a split second, she felt herself being stretched like taffy. Then her abdomen spasmed as her bladder was desperately, painfully full again. She barely stopped herself from pissing again immediately. She tried to wipe tears from her eyes, but they were dry.

“Liu? Are you OK?”

She looked around. She was standing at her table, with her research team. It was Bob who’d asked if she were OK.

“Uh…yeah. Hand me my purse and…” Her purse and jacket weren’t on the table. She looked down at herself and saw she was already wearing them. “Gotta go.”

Scurrying through the crowded banquet hall, she thought this was feeling sort of like ‘Groundhog Day’ after all. But where Bill Murray was doomed to relive the same 24 hours until he found true love, Dr. Liu seemed to have just under ten minutes to endure over and over until she found a way to make it to a bathroom on time.

To be continued…

…and continued…

…and continued…

