This is a completely true story but the names have been changed.
Sarah, John, Suzy, and I went to the tube station where we intended on catching the Piccadilly line to Covent Garden. Delays were typical and it seemed that the next train was at least 15 minutes away. While the others moaned, I was secretly thrilled. Sarah's beers would be settling in her bladder and we were not going near toilets for some time. After twenty long minutes we were finally on the train when my hunch started to come true. Out of nowhere she shouted, "God I have to pee" and then crossed her legs and laughed nervously. Usually when trains stop dead in tunnels I feel uncomfortable but this time I was totally aroused. What followed were two significant comments from Sarah. First she said to John "Is there a loo at Covent Garden station?" then she said, "We better run to the pub when we get off the train, I think I'm going to burst!"
She was bouncing up and down, crossing and uncrossing her legs until suddenly she stood up in obvious pain. While the others made jokes about how Sarah had gulped down all those beers previously, Sarah put her hand in her pocket. I knew exactly what she was up to! She was reaching round to the front and holding herself from inside her pocket!
I was sure she was going to pee then and there. Her face looked red and pained. As every minute slowly passed I reveled in the knowledge that Sarah was losing control.
We finally arrived, however, and the fun had only just begun. There was a queue of people trying to leave the busy station that evening and as we struggled to get through the ticket barrier Sarah had walked off and was talking to a guard. We followed. "It's only for staff, love" the guard replied. "Look I'm bursting and if I don't pee now...then, well, you know," she moaned. She was sticking her bum in and out like a little child dancing.
This was not the sophisticated young woman that I knew!
I prayed that the guard would not give in and thankfully his last words before he walked away were "I'm really sorry, it's against station policy, I'm just doing my job."
There was a pub across the road and as Sarah ran towards it, it looked like the fun was over. Not so. It was as if the bartender was sent from heaven because as Sarah ran towards the ladies' the rather moody bartender shouted to the troubled Sarah. "Hey...excuse me. Toilets are for paying customers only, the manager has complained about the state they get in, you know, after half of London has used them!"
"Please, I gotta go really badly. If I don't go now, I am going to piss in my pants. Please!"
"No, I will not let you! Go to the store across the street. They have a restroom there that you can use."
"Oh, okay."
Sarah now ran out as fast as the speed of light and then crossed the road. When she got across, she had saw a humongous line which could have taken 20 minutes but she decided she could not hold it that long. Now, already holding it for almost 3 hours after the beers was quite amazing and then she found the perfect spot to pee. There were two trucks parked next to each other in an alley so she hurried over there. She was starting to zip down her pants when I noticed a guard there so I told her to keep looking for a place to pee. Another 20 minutes passed and now, she really needed to go so she went behind a car, pulled her knee length skirt down, then had some athletic tight shorts with pantyhose, and then finally pulled down her panty down.
She went for 3 seconds and then she noticed someone coming so she quickly pulled up all of her panties, pantyhose, tight shorts, and then pulled her skirt back up before the person saw her. Now she was able to walk a bit better.
She told me, "I still have got to go but thanks to you, I can walk better now. I feel less pressure but let's try to find a restroom really quickly." I said that was fine with me but she didn't know that I was actually lying. Another 15 minutes passed by and she had to go again badly. This time, she actually lost some but regained control. It was not visible, so she was lucky about that. In 5 minutes, because nobody was around, she knelt down but then, she got up and decided it was not a good idea.
30 more minutes passed and then Sarah had to let it go. She took her pantyhose and her tight pants off so she could change back into them after she peed in her skirt. Fortunately for her, no one was around when she took removed the clothing and then handed it to me. I could feel a little wet spot on the pantyhose, but it was a very small spot that no one could see unless they looked at it carefully and close. Even if they did, it wouldn't look like a piss stain anyway.
Well, Sarah now needed to wee so much that she couldn't even walk. As she tried to walk, she let all of it go. Luckily, no one but I (the others had left) saw this happening. She pissed all the way through for what seemed like the world record of 3 and one half minutes! Wow! That totally amazed me! Afterwards– just about the whole alley was wet now and her skirt was soaked completely as well. She later changed, taking off her skirt and her panties, which were beautiful pink ones, but also soaked all over. She was totally humiliated by the mess. I gave her back the pantyhose and the tight shorts she had given me and we headed home. She was now walking perfectly fine but because she could not wipe her butt and all, it appeared like there was a wet spot and so we tried to get home as fast as we could.
Christine