Making her wait... (Part 5)

By Sean, December 1994

The title is probably not too appropriate for this little installment cuz in the incidents about to be recounted, G was waiting really quite voluntarily.

G and I had, by this point in our relationship, established some almost regular routines. She knew if she waited to pee, it would reliably get me highly aroused, and she did this fairly frequently to tease me, entertain me, or just get me interested in going home and fucking. Here's a couple of G's more interesting actual wetting incidents...

One evening, she had gone to meet some friends in a bar. She had gone back to take a couple classes at the U, some classes that would be of use to her in her career, as opposed to just classes you take to get a degree. She'd told me there were several pretty nice guys in her class, and she wanted to get together with them and have some drinks. She suggested I stop by later in the evening and claim her.

I wandered down to campus maybe 10-11pm or so and went in to the bar she'd mentioned. I found her sitting at a table with three young college guys, all certainly younger than me and probably younger than G. She was sitting bouncing her knee up and down even as I walked up. She immediately informed me that she had to pee. There was some actual minor plumbing problem in the ladies room such that there was water all over the floor. She'd been using that as an excuse not to go relieve herself.

By this time in our experiments, I think she really enjoyed putting on the "I gotta go" act for other people, especially guys. Why she liked that part of things so much, I'm not sure. But then again, I have no idea what I like that stuff I like...

These guys were all quite attentive towards her, and she played the role to the hilt with much wiggling, and occasional bending forward and clenching thighs. She professed to not be ready to leave, but refused to pee. She even got up once to go check on whether they'd fixed the problem in the restroom. She came right back and said there was still water everywhere and that she would continue to wait. Other women were finding their way, but she continued to refuse.

She began giving me pointed looks letting me know she was getting near the edge. Everyone was quite buzzed, and I was drinking to catch up. Finally she gave me a very direct look and said to the group that it was time to go, that she really had to find someplace to pee. I said I wanted to finish my beer, which was nearly full. This gave her license to put on even more of a show for a few minutes while I finished up my drink. Tugging on my sleeve she told the group she was going to wet her pants if we didn't get going. And then she gave me a very serious look. It was time.

We headed outside, her gripping my arm tightly. It had started to rain, not too hard, but steadily. We'd both parked in the same lot, so we half ran, half walked down the sidewalk towards our cars. "Where can I go pee?" she was asking urgently. I said I thought she could make it home. She said there was no way she'd be able to make it home, and then pointed out that she had to drive herself in _her_ car, and said she certainly didn't want to have an "accident" in _her_ car. Oh, so it was OK to have those little accidents in _my_ car, but not in her car!

Then she kind of yelped and stopped for a second, bending forward. Momentarily, she informed me she was OK, and we resumed our pace. Soon she made another high sound, clenched my arm tight and grabbed onto a parking meter. She leaned forward again, steadying herself on the parking meter. "I'm starting to lose it" she said. "I think my panties are a little wet now."

"You can make it," I assured her, always the comforting sort, I am. She took another few steps and now leaned against a light pole and peed her pants. The street was far from deserted, with cars driving by and students dashing thru the rain to wherever. But it was hard for even me to see the dark patch on her tight black jeans and the gush from her pussy. She just stood out in plain view on this busy campus town street and wet her pants.

When she regained control, she giggled and smiled, and said she did feel better. Not all the way better she emphasized, but better. But then she started complaining about having to sit on her car seat in her wet jeans. I don't remember how we resolved these difficult transportation issues, but I'm sure we went home, spread out some towels on the bed, and screwed, letting her finish relieving herself in the proper place: the comfort of our waterbed.

Incident #2 in today's narrative occurred probably somewhere around the same time. Since I had fairly recently gotten out of a marriage, I didn't have much of a place. And she only had a cheap apartment. We were spending most of our time at her place, but I kept my place as well. Neither had laundry facilities.

So this particular evening started out at one of those Suds and Duds places where you do your laundry while you get a little soggy yourself. We had some drinks, not all that much, but enough to start feeling fun. I believe she was again voluntarily holding it. When we finally finished the laundry, she was feeling urgent but not desperate. I remember our attitude being almost nonchalant. We weren't up for any big scene, it was just a laundry night after all, but were just doing a little routine "hold it". But I guess I was still looking for ways to delay our progress home somewhat.

I suggested that we really had to stop at the grocery store and get a few necessities. She acknowledged we needed some things, and grudgingly agreed that we could stop. She said she thought she'd be OK.

We got to the grocery store and went in. Standing up she was realizing she had to go a bit more than she'd thought. We'd been doing so much of this kind of stuff that I think she'd started to think she really knew her limits well. But now she was saying that she thought she'd miscalculated and was in fact pretty bad off-- that we'd have to make it _real_ quick.

We didn't make it far at all though. I stopped in the produce section for fruit and she went to grab bread. All of a sudden she came running back over to where I was. She grabbed my arm. I don't know what help my arm was in this situations, but she grabbed my arm. "I'm starting to lose it," was all she said. And then she peed her pants right there in the grocery store. They were kind of baggy fitting plain blue jeans-- you don't usually wear your sexy stuff to go do laundry. By the time she got a grip, the insides of both pant legs were soaked all the way down to her calves.

She was extremely agitated, and asked what she should do. What is there to do? Continue shopping as if nothing had happened? That was not an option as she was obviously too soaked. I said she should just run out to the car and I'd wrap up shopping real quick. She left the store at a dead run. Kinda surprised they didn't stop her thinking she was making off with the goods. I did a real hurry-up trip through the store and went out to the car. She was actually kind of mad about this one. She'd been genuinely embarrassed, and was trying to blame me for making her stop.

Nonetheless, by the time we got home we were both laughing about it. And again I'm sure we took care of the rest of her needs in bed.

That's it for today's dramatic episode of "The Young and the Wetness". I would like to re-emphasize that it's all true. If the tone sometimes sounds just like one of those stories, well it just seems to be hard to retell this kinda stuff without it starting to sound that way.

-- Sean "True love wets."

