The Match - Part 1-1
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting, and Humiliation.
By Gillian

Part One

"Mmmmmmhhheeewwwwwwwww. MMMMmmmmhheewwwwww. Mmmmmmhhh."

She moaned loudly, sounding like a wounded cat as she did so. Another bead of sweat rolled down her forehead, her bare legs clenched together, tightly, tensed, her pulse quickening, breathing rapid, eyes dilated, face twisted. Her left hand waved through dark brunette hair, tied up in a single ponytail that flopped against her back and then rapidly grasped her thigh, finger-nails biting clutching her skin. Her body twitched, she shivered. Goose bumps rose on her bare legs, the cool air chilling her. She struggled again, breath held tight, eyes widening as the pressure came again. Stinging. Pulsing. She twitched violently, the shrieking pain intense, her body in spasms as she fought. Her face twisted with agony, she cried out, loudly, once again.

"Mmmmmmhhhewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!"

Higher pitched this time. Heartbeat quickening, a rapid pulse, her body beginning to tremble uncontrollably again, the fierce, piercing wave of pressure torturing her, her body rebelling, screaming loudly, fighting against all of her will. Bare feet paced rapidly on the cold, hard floor. Pit-Pat-Pit-Pat. Fighting, tense, she held on, the ocean wave of terrorizing desperation overcoming her struggling body. At the peak of the pressure, she cried out in agony, loudly.

"MMMMHHHEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!"

Much louder, just as the largest wave of pressure yet passed through her distressed, pain-racked young body. "GODDDDDDD Oh GODDDDDD," she cried out plaintively, looking up, begging, the shrieking agony so intense within her, the stinging agony overcoming her every thought and every breath. She pressed her thighs together, her hands gripping her legs, nails digging into her white skin now, fighting, holding, the torment unyielding. She couldn't stand still, the agony again starting to surge from inside her abdomen; the stinging that had slightly subsided regaining intensity once again. Worse this time, she clung tightly, crying out, louder still.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMHHHHMMMMMEWWWWWWWWW!"

Screaming this time, her body trembling uncontrollably, her feet tip-tapping rapidly again on the cold floor, her legs shaking, her face contorted, eyes wide with fear, the pain searing through her body, stinging wildly, she screamed again, even louder.

"Nooo, Oh God NOOOOO, MMMMMMEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW NOOOOOO"

Pleading again, her voice growing hoarse, her body again fighting the agonizing surge inside of her that swelled inside so painfully. Hands sweaty, she quickly wiped her palms on the white lycra fabric of her gymnastics leotard to dry them off and then, almost losing control, quickly placed them between her thighs, pressing, compacting her body, holding, resisting the urge, heart racing faster, breathing rapid, the pressure mounting to new heights. Her heart raced, the pain increasing. How much longer could she take this? The wave grew stronger, the agony increasing. She trembled again, shaking this time. Struggling to even scream this time, concentrating.

"MMMMMMM" she paused, gripping harder, fighting back. "Oh God NOOO. MMMM NOOOOO !!!!! Oh please NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

Screaming again, her body tortured, intense agony overcoming the eighteen-year-old gymnast, her face red with exertion as she fought her bodies urges, trying desperately to hold it back. Feet pacing again, the soles dirty from the floor of the hallway. Shaking uncontrollably, she leaned against the cold, hard concrete wall behind her in the hallway, the cold rock against her back, snagging the fabric of her gymnastics leotard, the roughness of the wall uncomfortable. She leaned forward, bending over slightly, legs taut, and the pain increasing yet again as her bladder screamed inside of her. Taut, tensed, her muscles gripped like steel. Holding on. Holding tight. She fought through the wave of pressure that soared through her abdomen; her bladder's membranes stretched to their limits, the pain burning, it hurt so badly. Her breathing paused as she fought the urge, every nerve ending inside of her screaming in rebellion. She needed to pee so badly, so very badly.

"MMMMMHHEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW." "OH GOD PLEASEEEEE!!" she cried out, maximum volume now, total desperation. Just as she had fought off the last ocean wave that had built up inside her, another quickly started to build. Her bare legs clenched together, but she was so tired. She dared part her legs for a brief second to relax, almost uncontrollably peeing into her leotard as she did so, the soaring, building pain once again becoming unbearable. She had to hold on. Legs clenched again, her muscles fatigued from exertion. "MMMMHHEEWWWWW" she cried out again, the agony quickly building, her legs tense again, her breathing even more rapid, another bead of sweat rolling down her forehead.

She could barely keep her eyes open. The pain increased. "MMMMHHeeeewwwwwww" she moaned, softer this time, her voice becoming veiled from screaming as she tried to hold on one more. She fought through the pain, her body once again trembling, shaking, her legs twitching once again as her body rebelled, desperate, in utter agony, tortured by her overfilling bladder. She felt faint and took a deep breath, trying not to pee into her gymnastics outfit, forcing her urethra shut, her body shaking harder, the stinging increasing again. She cried out again. "MMMMMEEEHHHWWWWWWWWWW!!!!"

She had to hold it. Somehow. She had to find a way to keep it in. Another wave overcame her body, pressure racking every muscle and joint as she screamed out loud in total agony, her voice hoarse and ragged, and the pain unbelievable.

"MMMMMMMHHEEEWWWW Oh God Oh God Oh God please, please, please, don't make me pee myself!!!"

She was pleading, crying out, begging. The pressure grew again, her body tortured beyond belief from her overstretched bladder.

"NOOOO, PLEASE NOOOOOO Oh GODDDDD NOOOO, Oh God NOOOOOOOO MMMMHHEEEEWWWWWWWWW" she screamed again, fighting again, her body twitching, her bladder throbbing, the pain immense, worse than anything the eighteen year old had ever experienced in her life. "NOOOOOO. Oh God, please, please, PLEASE OH GOD NOOOO." She wailed in protest. It didn't help. Another crashing wave of agony began to build in her body, the stinging constant now.

Humiliated, tortured, she tried to look away, her body relaxing for the shortest of pauses as somehow she fought through the last wave. She tried to breathe, tried to focus, and once again, the next agonizing wave of torture started to build. Quicker this time, her bladder pulsating madly within her. She needed to go pee so badly, so urgently. Trembling, she felt the pressure surge. She screamed again. "MMMMEHHHEWWWWWWW." Loudly. This time there were people walking in the hallway, classes were out. She grew red with embarrassment when she realized people would see her like this. The pressure doubled, the stinging forcing every thought to controlling her desperate bladder.

Other girls walked by in the hallway, giggling, stealing glances at her, laughing. They knew what was happening, the whole school knew by now. Most everyone stared at the struggling girl, looking intently at the white gymnastics leotard pulling tight against her swollen tummy, the white lycra fabric taut against her athletic, trim, gymnast body.

Humiliated. She felt humiliated, standing there, in the hallway, only in her gymnastics outfit, nothing else, not even the usual pair of gymnast trunks underneath. She tried to shield herself; without the trunks her pubic bush was definitely visible through the tight, clinging fabric of her white leotard, the very lines where she trimmed it obvious to all who glanced. Her vulva felt exposed, the depression of the slit, the protruding mound, the exact shape, even texture of her femininity outlined and detailed by the tight white fabric- on display. All the girls who walked by giggled, staring at the exposed, desperate gymnast, watching her now-obvious struggle to hold her pee as she stood there, leaning against the wall, obviously needing to pee so badly it would be only a matter of time before she'd have an accident right there in the hallway.

A few of the girls who walked by also had to go to the bathroom and were trying to hold it during the next class, wondering if they should have gone to the bathroom beforehand, realizing that it could happen to them too. Everybody giggled at her, talking to their friends, wondering out loud how long the desperate girl could hold on before peeing herself right there in the hall in front of everyone. She started to cry; small tears, and once again fought another surging wave of pressurized torture that spread through her desperate body.

Ashamed. Eighteen years old and the star gymnast on the schools team, she felt ashamed, on display, every curve, every depression, and every muscle on display as she stood there, almost naked. She felt so exposed, so uncomfortable, standing in the hallway. On the gymnastics floor she'd be comfortable in her outfit, but she'd also have trunks on underneath, the gymnastics outfit version of panties, something to cover the pubic hair and hide the details, and her body wouldn't feel so exposed; but not here- just the leotard. Her bulging mound protruding through the tight fabric, a few sharp hairs sticking through the lycra as it clung tightly to her most private body parts, she felt so exposed, so humiliated, dressed like this in the hallway; so ashamed. Tears started to roll silently down her cheeks. Her bladder tormented her again, she screamed out loud again, girls laughing as she did so, trembling as she held her urethra shut, forcing her pee hole closed, holding on, holding, just holding.

"MMMMMHHEWWWWWWWWWWWW Oh God Oh God please NOOOOO" she screamed, her body violently twitching in agony again.

Desperate. She struggled again, screaming loudly in vain as girls continued to laugh at her, giggling at how badly she must have to go to the bathroom, wondering if she would have a wet leotard soon or if she could hold it long enough. She cried out in agony, twitching again, her body shaking uncontrollably, the pain immense. In the garbage can a few feet away were six empty bottles of water, the kind you'd buy at the store to drink during a workout, small, about twenty ounces per bottle.

More girls walked by, giggling, a few making snide comments as she stood there, her bladder screaming at her, demanding release, her body on full display, her pubic mound engorged, needing to pee so badly she could no longer stand still. Fighting another wave, she screamed out loud again, embarrassing herself yet again as a pair of girls laughed out loud as they watched the gymnast scream in agony from a completely full, tortured bladder.

Chrissy was so desperate to use the bathroom, but she couldn't go. This was her punishment. The bathroom across the hallway from her was locked, on purpose, and she wasn't allowed to leave where she stood, right there, exposed, ashamed, completely desperate, leaning against the wall, her body shaking, moans of piercing agony emanating from her vocal cords as she fought through wave after wave of pee pressure building inside her tortured, desperate young body. Her nipples were erect, the cold temperature of the hallway didn't help, and neither did wearing something so revealing, so clingy, so tight. And she was in full view of all who passed by. Her breasts, small but shapely were defined nicely by the fabric, the smaller rounded shape pleasing to the eyes of many.

"MMMMMHHEEWWWWWWWWWWWW." She screamed again, loudly. It was almost time for lunch; most of the girls now were running down the hallway, late. The pressure increased again, her knees almost gave way, and she tried to hold on, tensing her muscles tightly again. Her bladder screamed so strongly inside of her, the pain increased with each wave of building, ocean-like pressure inside of her tormented completely desperate body. The white leotard was so snug, so tight, encasing and trapping her girlhood, the bulge so obvious, her femininity on display as she struggled to maintain dignity.

"GODDDDDDD OH PLEASE NOOOO!" she wailed. A small brunette haired girl ran from the hallway, dressed in short yellow Umbro soccer shorts and a navy blue tank top. Running to the bathroom, she found it locked, and tried again, panicking. Struggling, the girl, obviously desperate turned to Chrissy, and without even realizing the agonizing desperate torment that Chrissy was experiencing, asked her if the bathroom was locked. Of course it was. Stupid question. Chrissy couldn't answer, and just squeaked out something unintelligible in reply. The girl looked around, in panic, took three steps, then immediately placed her hands between her legs and bent halfway over.

"NOOOO" the girl screamed suddenly, and she turned around facing Chrissy, a pleading look on her face. Pee exploded from the girls shorts as she stood there, facing Chrissy, stream after stream exploding, pouring from between the gap between the girls legs and the edge of the nylon shorts, a steady stream spraying out from her, uncontrolled, the girl was having a huge accident right in front of Chrissy! Another girl ran by, obviously late, and as the class bell rang, giggled as she saw the brunette girl from gym class still peeing into her shorts right into the hallway. She laughed when she saw how obvious the girl's panty line was through the thin fabric. The girl cried out and ran down the hallway, humiliated that she had just peed into her shorts in high school.

Just what Chrissy did NOT need to see. Watching the other girl suddenly urinate into her own clothes, right there, just a few feet in front of her was torture, reminding her of how badly she needed to go pee. The large puddle of pee the girl had made on the hallway floor was just five or six feet away. A huge puddle, the girl obviously had needed to go, so very badly- but not nearly as badly as Chrissy. The time between the waves of intense searing pain grew shorter; her bladder was being tortured beyond anything imaginable. She looked up at the clock. The minute hand ticked. It had to be time! The door HAD to open!

Legs twitching in agony, Chrissy looked down at the tiled floor beneath her, concentrating, focusing, and doing anything to keep her body from peeing uncontrollably into her leotard. She tried pacing again, feet tapping. That helped. She moved. She couldn't stand still now, the intense pressure demanding that she constantly fidget and tremble. Her body, tired and weak now, could barely hold on, her bladder tormented, it filled even further, every muscle screaming in pain demanding that the young girl relieve herself immediately - Chrissy needed to go pee so incredibly badly, but wasn't allowed to. Tears started to flow from her eyes as she fought the pain.

Torture. Chrissy felt tortured, unable to comprehend why. WHY was this happening to her? WHAT had she done to deserve this agony? WHEN would she get a bathroom break? She struggled to maintain her dignity, exposed, humiliated, embarrassed, tortured, as she stood there, wave after wave of pee pressure increasing in her already tense and pain-racked body.

"MMMmmmmhhhewwwwwwwwwwwWWWWWW !!!!!!!!." She screamed again, her body being denied the right to use the bathroom, her bladder tortured, her urethra clenched as she tried to keep her pee inside. She reached her left hand up to wipe away her tears, she managed to somehow stop crying, not wanting to be humiliated any further than she already was. Most of the other girls were at lunch period, but a few ambled through the halls, always laughing when they saw Chrissy standing there, shaking, absolutely desperate to pee. Chrissy tried to look away, tried to hide, but couldn't. She was desperate and on display, and there was nothing she could do about it. WHEN would she get her break?

She moaned again, louder, the pain increasing, her bladder throbbing. She looked down at the white fabric on her long sleeves, a slight tear mark where it too had snagged against the hard concrete wall behind her. "Mmmmmmheeewwwwwwwww" she moaned again, fighting, tense, holding, tightening, and willing herself to keep from peeing into her white long sleeve gymnastics leotard. She struggled, the sensations of extreme pain coming and going in waves, ocean currents of pressure that would ebb and flow.

The strongest waves were searing, white-hot pain where she could feel her pee come seemingly to the very edge of her urethra, dying to escape, the pressure inside of her mounting, her bladder pulsing violently in rebellion as the 18 year old star gymnast tried to hold her pee. She looked at the clock directly across from her, above the gray office door. Five minutes after the hour. She was late. She wanted to go PEE, so BADLY that she couldn't STAND the pain, the agony, and the humiliation of being made to hold her own pee. Chrissy looked down the hallway to the right, a long line of concrete walls that led into a brighter section of the building where the classrooms were.

"MMMMMMHHEEEWWWWW" she moaned louder as a huge wave of pressure overtook the 18 year old gymnasts body and she clenched, hard, keeping the surging pee within her self, crying out as she did so, the pain piercing through her like a knife through butter, her bladder tormented beyond comprehension, her heartbeat racing as she cried out again in total agony. "MMMMHHEEEEEWWW Oh GODDDDD." She clenched her legs harder, she looked pitiful, standing there in the hallway, leaning up against the cold wall, dressed in so little, desperate, about to burst and trying valiantly to hold on.

"COME ON" she cried out, willing the clock to move, fighting another wave of intensity course through her taut body. She looked down the hallway to the left. Up at the clock. Her heart raced, the pressure wave came again, yet stronger. She cried out again, willing her bladder to hold, keeping the thrashing, filled urine inside. She shifted her weight again, starting to pace constantly, the burning pressure increasing, the flood inside of her demanding release. A few feet from her on the left was the door to the gymnasium. A few feet down from that was the restroom. Locked. She saw the clock tick to the fifteen past the hour mark, and quite late this time, the gray door directly across from her opened.

Kim walked out, slowly and deliberately. Five feet six inches tall with shoulder length brown hair and piercing brown eyes, an ex-gymnast herself but now in her early thirties and coaching, Kim was certainly attractive, a petite but well toned body that belied her true age. Pausing, Kim looked at her star gymnast, visually taking in the scene in front of her, looking at the struggling girl standing across from her, only in her leotard, desperate, begging, crying with pain. Chrissy was eighteen years old, five foot four inches tall, brunette hair, green eyes, with a small 32B chest, and athletic, muscular but slender legs, her quad muscles slightly overdeveloped, as were her calves. Chrissy was, however, quite sexy in an athletic way. Kim didn't say a word; she just stared, intently. Trembling, Chrissy looked desperately at her coach, crying out in desperation.

"MMhhewww. Oh God, please, please I need to use the bathroom now! Oh God, please, please Coach, I can't hold it any longer, Oh Goddd. Honest, I need to go PEEEEEE." Kim looked at her and smiled, and then walked back inside her office, shutting the door behind her. "NOOOOOO," Chrissy cried out in agony, "NOOOOO Oh God please PLEASE PLEASE I need to go PEEEE" she screamed, struggling as she tried to walk to the door, struggling with each step. Kim came back out, stared silently and forcefully into Chrissy's eyes and then handed Chrissy another bottle of water. She spoke, softly and calmly, but firmly. "Drink this, Now." Chrissy stared at her in disbelief. "NOOOO, Oh God, please NOOOO, don't don't Oh God, don't make me drink any more please okay?"

This was her seventh bottle of water in a little over two hours, and the struggling, completely desperate gymnast could barely hold her pee she needed to go so badly.

"Drink this, now" Kim replied, forcefully but calmly.

"Oh God NOO, I can't drink another one, honest Coach, please..Oh God, please please please let me use the bathroom okay? I promise I won't do it again. Oh God. Please?? I really need to go peee!!!"

Chrissy started to cry, her bladder pulsing violently inside of her, her pee screaming, about to explode out of her clenched lips, but somehow she held on. The struggling teenager looked up at her coach, tears starting to stream down her face now as she begged her coach for a bathroom break. "OH GOD, please please I really need to use the bathroom. Oh GOD please please I can't hold Oh my God please I just need to go pee please why why wy why wwwwwwhyyy are you doing this to me anyway??? I just need to go PEEEEEE!" she screamed.

"Drink it," Kim commanded, sternly this time.

"But I CANT, honest, I need to go PEE, please, don't make me drink any more water, pleaaassseeeeee. I really need to go TO THE BATHROOM, Oh God, PLEASE, I'm about to wet my leotard!!!!"

"DRINK IT NOW!" Kim screamed. Chrissy jumped back in fear, almost losing control, she had never heard her coach scream before.

"NOO, I really can't HONEST, I NEED TO GO PEE NOWWWWW" she screamed, protesting.

"Please PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME DRINK IT, OH Goddd Oh God Oh GOD Please please please just let me use the bathroom!!! Please don't make me Oh God please nooooo."

Chrissys body trembled and shook violently as she fought off another surge, clenching her pee hole shut, feeling the hot urine surge to the very edges, the pain so intense, the torture almost unreal.

"If you want me to sign off on your scholarship, drink this right now, or it's all over" Kim looked at Chrissy.

Chrissy did not dare to disobey her coach. "Oh Goddd nooooooooo" she softly cried, broken, unable to resist, humiliated once again. Crying, Chrissy took the bottle, twisted the cap open, and tried to drink the water, her bloated stomach barely able to take any more. As the cool water flowed down her throat, Chrissy felt her bladder stretch even more, the immense weight of her full stomach, already filled with water didn't help. Her need to use the bathroom grew even stronger.

Kim smiled as she watched Chrissy drink the last bottle of water, slowly, trying to force the water down into her bloated body. Chrissy felt the pressure intensify, this was putting the pain past what she could control. She finished the bottle, crying, her body relentlessly screaming for a bathroom, but not being granted the wish. "There, please please please can I use the bathroom now?? Oh please, I promise, I need to go pee so badly, Oh Godd hurrrry please I need to use the bathroom"

A group of girls had finished their lunch and walked by and then stopped, just six or seven feet away from Chrissy and Kim. They giggled as they watched. They knew what was going on.

"OH God, please please please" Chrissy cried out. Kim stood there, silent, watching her star gymnast twitch in the ultimate desperation, her body so obviously needing to pee, but not being given permission to do so. She stood there, legs twitching involuntarily in agony, her bare feet pacing back and forth rapidly on the cold tile, one hand in between her legs, pressing hard against her pee hole, holding back the burning, tortured pee that tormented the gymnasts desperate body. She tried to concentrate, but couldn't. The pain increased again, her bladder throbbing incessantly as it filled beyond capacity, the agonizing pain and torture continuing as she was being forced to hold her pee well beyond her usual ability to do so. She so DESPERATELY wanted to go pee, she would have done anything to go PEE. "MMMHHEEEWWWWWWWW Oh NOOOO" she cried out, feeling the very slightest droplet of pee escape her clenched lips as a huge, surging wave of pain overtook her struggling, taut body.

The very slightest damp spot appeared around her pee hole, a mere half-inch wet spot on her white leotard, but Chrissy panicked, embarrassed, knowing she was slowly starting to lose control. She looked up desperately at Kim, who stood there silently, watching. "OH GODDDD" she cried out, as there was another surge of pain. She pushed hard into her pee hole, but to no avail. Another small drop or two seeped out, even against all the pressure and tenseness Chrissy was putting into her muscles to control herself. "NOOOO!!!!!!!!" She screamed, then again "OH GODDDD, NOOOO NOOOO NOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Oh God please stop, please Oh NOOOO!" The pain doubled, searing, challenging Chrissy to control herself.

Kim put her weight on her other foot as she stood there, watching. She still had not spoken another word. She looked up at the big clock on the wall. The group of girls standing near them had grown. Chrissy recognized many of them from her classes. "Come here" Kim commanded. Chrissy struggled and left the wall and walked in front of Kim, her body twitching again, the biggest wave of pressure overtaking her. "So you have to go pee badly now, yes?" she asked. "OH God, please yes, just please please let me go to the bathroom. Please. I'll do anything, Oh God, please please don't make me pee myself right here!!!!!!!"

Chrissy tried to fight the next wave, but the pressure was too much. As she stood there listening to her friends giggle at her and tease her, she was trying to fight the pressure and keep her pee hole shut while begging to her coach for the break she needed so badly over an hour ago. Her pee hole burning with absolute desperation, crying, she looked up at Kim, struggling. "OH NOOO, please I'm going to pee, Oh God I'm going to have an Oh Goddddddd Oh Goddddd I need to go peee!" she screamed. Her bladder thrashed, and Chrissy uncontrollably peed into her white leotard for five seconds, pee exploding through the clinging fabric, a jet of pee soaking the lycra fabric and running down the inside of her right thigh.

"NOOOOOOO" she screamed as the girls started laughing uncontrollably as they saw the spreading wet spot in Chrissy's team uniform. "NOOO" she screamed again, somehow stopping the flow. Kim reached over and rubbed her hand on Chrissy's swollen tummy, circling, pressing into her pubic bone, and pressing harder. Chrissy screamed as her coach tortured her by pushing up against her bladder.

"NOO stop, Oh God, nOOO nooooo NOOOOOOOO OH GOD NOOOOOO!" she screamed, and then Kim shoved her hand into Chrissys tummy with all her might. Chrissy's body exploded as Kim shoved again and pee exploded out of the gymnast's body. A huge thrashing, sizzling, hissing stream of boiling hot pee exploded out of her throbbing pee hole, her crotch of her leotard soaked with pee as she urinated uncontrollably into her gymnastics outfit right there, pee streaming from the thin fabric, splashing on the floor, streams flowing straight down between her legs, flowing streams of hot pee soaking her thighs, stream after stream of hot pee cascading down her bare legs, sheet after sheet, like waterfalls, hot pee exploding from her desperate, tortured, humiliated body.

Chrissy tried but could not stop peeing. The girls were giggling and one of them accidentally peed into her tight blue jeans in embarrassment from the excitement of watching the gymnast wet herself right there in the hallway. A smaller puddle formed between the jeans girl legs and she ran off, embarrassed as Chrissy continued to wet herself.

Chrissy peed into her white leotard all over her bare legs, all over the floor, her crotch transparent now, her private parts visible to the girls and to Kim and anyone else who walked by. No matter what Chrissy tried, she could not stop going. It took her two minutes to completely empty her bladder into her outfit in front of everyone, and when she was done, she was standing in a huge seven foot wide puddle of her own pee that spread on the stone floor of the hallways. Crying uncontrollably, she looked up at Kim, broken, humiliated, beaten.

Kim just stood there and smiled as the other girls hurried off to class. Tears continued to stream down the humiliated gymnasts face as she looked up to her coach for sympathy, but found none.

"Come inside," Kim commanded softly. Chrissy followed, completely ashamed, almost numb from the humiliation of being made to wet herself in her uniform right there in the hallway. Kim smiled and put her fingers through the girl's hair, stroking it. "You can go clean up now, Chrissy. When you're done, please put on your workout shorts and come back out here and we'll talk some and discuss this." Chrissy, too ashamed to even speak, started crying again as sheepishly walked back to the shower. Kim watched as the last trickles of pee droplets fell from the back of Chrissy's legs as she walked back to the shower. A small trail of pee droplets marked each step that Chrissy took, a tiny puddle between Chrissys legs where she had been standing.

Kim sat back in her chair and attended to some paperwork as Chrissy walked to the back of coach's office, which also had a shower and a bathroom. As Kim worked, Chrissy stood under the hot water of the shower, feeling it cleanse her pee soaked body. Her pee soaked leotard lay outside the shower stall, next to her gym bag that she had brought for the day. She cried once again, completely humiliated by the experience of being made to wet her pants by someone, especially someone she knew so well as her coach. She tried to focus on the scholarship, but couldn't. She just wanted to know WHY coach had made her do this? Why had she been made to wet her pants? She didn't understand. The warm water felt so good as it ran down the teenagers body and her hands unconsciously reached between her legs and she felt the warm water trickle through the matted tufts of her coiled pubic hair. She briefly touched herself in the most secret of spots, but then thought the better of it and finished washing.

Standing there, naked, her 32B breasts perky and her dark nipples fully erect, she looked at herself in the mirror. Still ashamed, wondering how many classmates had walked by in the hallway watching her pee violently into such a skimpy, revealing outfit. Chrissy fought back tears, trying to gather her emotions. Drying off, she changed into her sports bra and pair of loose and very short workout shorts with the same color, same team emblem. She had been annoyed that her coach had taken away her clothes too and locked them in a locker.

She didn't even have underwear for under the workout shorts, and Chrissy felt humiliated once again, knowing the somewhat loosely cut and very high-cut legs of the shorts would mean any movement on her part and her naked and most personal parts would be totally exposed. She tugged down on the shorts to try and cover herself, and sheepishly walked out into the room. The white sports bra was thin and her nipples responded to the cool air in Kim's office, once again becoming fully erect. The shape of her small but rounded breasts was completely visible through the micro-fine fabric, this particular brand of sports bra had trouble selling since it revealed almost too much.

She felt ashamed, still not believing that just a few minutes earlier she had been made to wet herself in her gymnastics outfit, on purpose. She could not get that thought out of her head. Why- just why? Why had her coach made her drink all that water and then make her pee in her leotard? Chrissy tried not to cry as she went over the questions in her mind. Why, she didn't know. She walked out and Kim turned around in her chair. "Hi, good, all cleaned up. Excellent. Have a seat, Chrissy." Chrissy sat down in the chair, wondering what was going to happen.

Kim got up and walked over to a large flat screen TV that was on the wall near her desk. Chrissy figured it would be time for critique or something. Kim reached over to her desk and handed Chrissy a bottle of water. "Drink this." Chrissy looked up, wondering what was going on, but did as her coach requested. "Let's watch some tape," Kim said, and inserted a DVD into the DVD player.

Chrissy looked at the blue empty screen on the TV but then quickly froze in horror. The film they were about to watch was the championship match for the division her high school was in, from last week. Chrissy didn't want to watch this; it was too embarrassing. "So, Chrissy. Let's review what happened. I want you to know WHY you're being punished today." Kim spoke, clicking the remote control as she did so.

Chrissy didn't answer. Now she knew.

She didn't have to be told.

Suddenly, everything was clear. She had single-handedly lost the gymnastics match, and was being punished for it.

That was it, Chrissy thought. She had lost the gymnastics championship for the school, and her coach was still mad at her for it. And now she was going to have to watch the whole agonizing thing again, with her coach right there. Normally she didn't mind the film review sessions, but this was too much. Chrissy wanted to run and hide, to dash out of the room and go cry somewhere, but she couldn't. As she sat back in her chair, in her loose workout shorts, sitting back, she didn't realize she was exposing herself. Kim walked by and could clearly see Chrissy's mound, lips, and even pee hole as her shorts parted from the way she was sitting.

Worse yet, Chrissy felt her bladder slowly start to fill. She knew her coach wouldn't let her use the bathroom during review sessions - that was a rule, and as her bladder once again spoke to her, she had no choice but to sit there and hold it. Chrissy knew she had drank a lot of water, and she was worried if it would make her have to pee really badly again. She certainly did not want to repeat what had just happened a half hour ago.

A noise filled the room, static appeared on the screen, went away, and a wide shot of the gymnasium from last week appeared- the same gym that Chrissy had lost the match in. No doubt, it was Chrissy who had cost her school the gymnastics championship, that fact could not be denied. As she sat there, she felt even more ashamed. Being made to wet her leotard in front of her coach and her friends in the hallway of school was bad enough but watching this DVD of last week just added insult to the injury. She tried not to cry as the sound started and the program began. She looked sheepishly over at Kim, who had the remote control in her hands. She knew the program: Kim would pause the DVD and discuss things as they happened.

Chrissy was so ashamed, she started to cry a little, embarrassed, humiliated, wishing she didn't have to go through this. Worse yet, she felt her bladder filling rapidly, her kidneys still processing the large amounts of liquid she had drank in the past few hours. Chrissy subconsciously put her hand between her legs, right in the gap of the shorts between her thigh and the fabric and touched her pee hole, pressing, until she realized what it might look like. Feeling the pressure build inside, she shifted, trying to become comfortable somehow as her bladder slowly began to stretch, and she fidgeted. She wished she could have used the bathroom before this started. She almost asked her coach, but then thought it better to remain silent. It was too late anyway - the DVD started.

The team of six girls, Chrissy, Katrina, Molly, Amber, Rachel, and Rebecca, stood next to the bench in the team area. In front of them lay the apparatus; a balance beam, uneven parallel bars, a vault, and an open tumbling area for the floor exercise. Chrissy was the best gymnast on the team, she came from years of ballet and dance training before switching to gymnastics and both of her parents were athletic. She had trained at several gyms that had produced Olympic champions and had practiced for many hours, giving up almost all of her social life in order to compete in gymnastics. Her goal was a gymnastics scholarship, one that she would get as long as her coach approved it. Her family was too poor from paying all those school dues and couldn't afford to send her to college. If she were to pursue her dream of collegiate gymnastics, she'd have to get the scholarship, period.

Amber was the second best gymnast on the team. A gorgeous girl with long dark hair and a pretty face, she had a slightly longer build than the other girls but was equally as powerful. Whereas Chrissy's specialty was the balance beam and the floor exercise, Amber was a specialist on the uneven bars - nobody else on the team scored as high as her, and while she was a little inconsistent, when she controlled her power, she could score with the best of them on floor exercise. Molly was the vault specialist; she was also a cheerleader for the school and had a pretty good floor routine as well. Powerfully built with strong legs and square hips, she was the most athletic on the team. The other girls were fairly good at every apparatus, none standing out in any particular way on any of them. As Chrissy, Amber, and Molly did, the team did. If any of the three had an off night, it usually meant losing out to one of the strong competing teams in their same division.

Kim paused the film as soon as the camera panned over to Chrissy, and then zoomed in. Chrissy cringed, embarrassed by what she saw on the DVD. Kim looked over at Chrissy, who was obviously embarrassed. "Ok, Chrissy. How many competitions have you been to with me?"

Chrissy paused. "uhm, I don't know, a lot."

Kim looked stern, but still spoke calmly. "Then you should have known that by forgetting to wear your gymnastics trunks under your leotard, it would cost you a code violation for every apparatus that you competed on, right?"

Chrissy's gaze will still locked on the still image frozen on the TV: There she was, a full body shot of her, and right there, on the network TV, and because she had forgotten to bring her trunks to wear under her white competition leotard, everyone could really see exactly what her most personal girlhood looked like - the shape, the texture of her pubic hair, where she had shaved, the way her mound protruded out in the tight fabric - everything was there. Visible. Obvious to all, both to those in the bleachers and to anyone who watched the TV broadcast. And of course most certainly the judges.

Chrissy felt so ashamed, never realizing how see through the team leotard was without the trunks, embarrassed that on national TV everyone could clearly see everything, even the shape and size of the narrow passage that lay between the mounds of her girlhood. A tear rolled down her cheek as she started to cry in embarrassment. She didn't answer her coach. A shy girl socially at times, she never had realized the magnitude of her mistake, and was mortified at how incredibly obvious her mistake was.

"So, Chrissy," her coach continued, "Now you know why I made you wear your leotard without trunks. We needed every point we could get, and those violations added up. Plus you're parading about out there, everybody staring at your crotch. By now the whole world knows a lot more about you than you probably wanted to. All the boys are probably talking about you now, describing your body in detail to their friends, probably going over the videotapes they made of it at night in their rooms, and all the girls are laughing at you for being so stupid to not wear your damned trunks, Chrissy!" For the first time, Kim's normally controlled voice got loud and stern. "So if it takes me embarrassing you now to make you remember to never to do this again, that's what I'm going to do. For the next two practices, you are not permitted to wear your trunks under your leotard. You want to show the world what your crotch looks like, then go ahead."

Chrissy started sobbing, amazed at the cruelty of the punishment.

"I'm sorry, Coach, I promise, it won't happen again, honestttt" Chrissy mumbled, sobbing now, totally humiliated by how exposed she had been on TV. Kim pushed the pause button. The announcers mentioned Chrissy's outfit problems and the points taken off for code violation. Amazingly, the network continued to show her as she walked and paced nervously before her first event, the vault. Everybody who watched could gaze intently at her girlhood exposed through the team uniform. Even the other girls on the team were in shock that Chrissy had forgotten something so basic. Other competitors from the other schools giggled on the sidelines as they watched the supposedly "best gymnast in the state" walk around so exposed.

Kim sat silent as Chrissy started her vault routine. Normally not a strong vaulter, she nevertheless nailed it, getting a high 9.875 score to start the rotation. She nervously walked off to the side as the other schools star gymnast approached the vault. Running down the runway, the other gymnast flew into the air and wobbled a bit on the landing. Moments later, 9.725 appeared. Chrissy had kept first place on the vault. Kim fast-forwarded the film. Chrissy remembered thinking things might go better than she initially thought now - the vault was clearly her best performance of the night, nailing it.

"Vault was nice," Kim said. "But let's talk about what happened on balance beam...."

Chrissy knew what was coming next, it was all starting to fall in place; why they lost, why she was being punished. She didn't want to watch, but knew her coach would make her. The next part was the worst- by far the worst.

Kim stopped the DVD at the balance beam. The competitor from what would be the winning team of the entire championship had just completed a nearly perfect routine on the balance beam and had scored a 9.925, the highest score on any apparatus that evening. Chrissy knew she would have to be perfect. The camera showed her pacing nervously around the beam; it had been an hour since the vault and she was looking extremely nervous. Chrissy cringed; she knew what was coming next. The cameras caught the moment that told all. Legs together as she waited for the "go" signal for the judge, Chrissy paced nervously, twitched slightly, then touched herself, right between her legs, bending over slightly. It was obvious to anyone who watched: The gymnast looked like she really needed to use the bathroom, and very, very badly at that.

Kim took a deep breath. "Chrissy, what happened. Didn't you go to the bathroom before the competition??"

Chrissy was mortified. She thought back to the day. Running late, she rushed out of the house, needing to use the bathroom so badly she could barely drive her moms car to the gym. She had to pee SO badly she was in a huge rush, thinking only of how good it would be to get to the bathroom and let go the torrent of pee inside of her before she completely wet herself, and in that rush she had forgotten to pack her gymnastics trunks. By the time she got to the gym, she was already late and the team would be disqualified if she didn't meet the deadline.

With barely enough time to put on her leotard - without anything underneath, Chrissy didn't have time to use the bathroom - somebody else was in the stall and there was no time for waiting. Her bladder pounding inside - she drank a lot of water on competition day - she knew she'd have to try and hold it and then maybe get a break. The pressure inside of her had been so great - she was so consumed with trying not to pee into her leotard - even putting it on, sliding the smooth, clinging fabric over her naked body tortured her swollen bladder, and she could barely walk out onto the gym floor for that competition - that's how bad she had needed to go to the bathroom.

She was petrified about peeing in her leotard and scared to even start any of her warm up or her routines, especially with her bladder POUNDING inside of her like it had been - it had been at least four or five hours since she had used the bathroom last and she was barely able to keep from exploding right there on the mat.

