Riaelle And Jenna Can't Hold it

Posted by Narobity on June 26th, 2011 at 3:54AM

It was a hot summers day, the temperature being 25 degrees. A perfect day for tanning, is what Jenna and Riaelle thought. The two decided to take the afternoon to tan and follow up with a sleepover at Jenna's house on the farm. It was a great idea. Both girls lay on Jenna's deck, talking about school and the recent events in it. Both were sipping on their second Coke. Jenna was wearing a purple and white leopard print bikini, while Riaelle was wearing a simple blue bikini. Both girls filled out their tanning wear nice. The two chatted for at least 2 hours until Jenna spoke up. 

"I think it's about time we headed on in. I still gotta get a start on supper before my parents get home." said Jenna. 

"Ya, I guess your right." said Riaelle. She then glanced at her legs. "Gee, did I tan today!" she said proudly. Jenna looked down at her legs.

"At least on of us did." she said disappointed. "Oh well, I've never really tanned." Both girls picked up their phones, towels, Cokes, and lotion and headed for the patio door. Jenna twisted the knob, but it did not budge. She tried it again with the towel over her hand, thinking is was because of the lotion. The door knob did not twist. 

"What's wrong?" ask Riaelle.

"Um, I'm not sure." said Jenna uncertainly. "I think we might be locked out." 

"What?!" said Riaelle, obviously annoyed. "How could we get locked out?"

"It must have been locked before we came outside and we didn't notice." said Jenna. "Don't have a cow though. I'll just text my sister and ask her to open it for us." She whipped out her phone, wiped off her hands on the towel, and proceeded to text her sister. After the message was sent, both girls waited for Taiya to show up when they heard a noise from inside. In the living room, on the coffee table, was Taiya's phone. And she was no where around to answer it. 

"Well, this is just fantastic!" shouted Jenna.

"Hey, hey. We still have 2 cans of Coke left, and a little bit more tanning won't hurt. She'll be back eventually." said Riaelle, trying to be optimistic. 

"Yea, I guess your right." said Jenna. "Speaking of which, pass me one of those cans." Riaelle tossed her one of the cans of Coke while taking one for herself. The both cracked them open and held them up and clinked them together.

"Cheers!" they said in unison. The both laughed, then proceeded to take a big swig. They continued to talk about school. About 30 minutes later, they had both finished their Coke. At this time too, both had the feeling of an uncomfortable bladder. Jenna wondered what time it was. She glanced at her clock. It read 2:17. 

"This is weird." said Jenna. "Usually Taiya is in at 2:00 to watch TV. Where could she be?" 

"Who knows." said Riaelle. "All I hope is that she gets back quick."

"Ya, me too." said Jenna. About another 30 minutes later, both girls were quite desperate to pee. They had both since stopped tanning and sat at the patio. This gave Jenna the opportunity to cross her legs under the table while they talked. The table was glass, and Riaelle eventually noticed that Jenna had her legs crossed. She figured Jenna was in a similar situation like her, and decided to ask.

"You need to pee too?" asked Riaelle.

"Yes, fairly badly!" said Jenna. "I wouldn't have had all that Coke if I would have known how long we'd be out here for." 

"Me too, I'm getting pretty desperate." said Riaelle. She crossed her legs at saying this. About 15 minutes later, Jenna had resorted to crossing and uncrossing her legs every now and then. Riaelle had left the patio and was pacing around the door keeping an eye out for anyone. She stopped ocasionally to cross her legs and relieve the stress on her aching bladder. Neither girl said much, as both were to worried about their current situation. Jenna once again whipped out her phone, this time to call her Mom too see when she'd get home. She dialed the number and waited for her to answer. On the fourth ring, the phone was picked up.

"Hello?" asked Jenna's Mom.

"Hi Mom. I just have a question as to when your getting home." said Jenna. Riaelle was listening as well from the doors.

"Oh hi Jenna! I'd guess I'd be home around the next 2 hours." said her Mom. "I have a little work to catch up on." Both girls hearts sank at this news. 2 hours? There would be no way they could hold it! 

"Oh, okay Mom. Bye." said Jenna. She closed her phone and looked at Riaelle. They both exchanged a worried look. They hoped they could hold it until then. Another 30 minutes later, both girls were at the peak of their desperation. It was no secret to either of them that the other had to pee. Bad. Jenna had long since resorted to pressing her heel into her crotch, along with her hands to make sure she didn't pee herself in front of Riaelle. She was also bouncing her her seat. It was something to keep her mind off her aching bladder.

Riaelle's pacing had turned into a full blown pee dance. She was constantly on the move, both hands down at her crotch. She would sometime hobble from place to place, other times she'd look like she'd be running with her leg making a 90 degree angle. Her breasts bounced nicely as she pee danced, giving a nice show to any guy would would be watching. Jenna's mind was racing with thoughts.

"Oh my God, I need to pee!" she thought to herself. "I've never needed to go this bad in my life! Oh please God, let me hold my pee! I just bought this swimsuit! And I don't want to be embarrassed in front of Riaelle! Oh please, let my sister get home so I can pee!" She then imagined herself running into a bathroom, swimsuit and all. She imagined herself running to the toilet, slipping off her bikini bottoms, sitting on the toilet, and peeing! Peeing until her bladder was completely empty, all the while the feeling was incredible. Little did Jenna know that this feeling was real. Jenna had begun to wet herself. It came out in a jet, hitting her heel and exploding all around her crotch.

Then flowed down her legs and onto her feet, the stream getting faster and heavier as the whole thing went on. It was only until the pee soaked through the chair and splashed against the deck did Jenna realize what she was doing. Riaelle looked her way the same time Jenna did, and saw what she had done. She looked at Jenna, amazed at what she had just seen. Jenna had just completely soaked her bikini! Jenna looked at her crotch in horror, not daring to look up. She then couldn't help a tear roll down her cheek, followed by another, and another, and another until eventually she was crying. Riaelle hobbled over to her friend and tried to comfort her. 

"Now now, everything will be okay. It's just an accident." said Riaelle.

"I'm such a little kid, God what's wrong with me?" she said, sniffing.

"It's just an accident, everyone has them somet-"

"Don't treat me like I'm four!" Jenna yelled. "You don't know what that felt like!" 

"No, I don't. And I probably won't. But that doe-" 

"You'll know what it feels like!" shouted Jenna. She untied her bikini bottoms and took them off so she wouldn't have to wear the shame of what she just did. She walked over to the end of the deck, where the gardening hose was housed. She grabbed the end of it, and turned on the hose. A stream of water came out of the hose and splashed against the deck noisily. Riaelle jumped up at the sight, placing both her hands in her crotch.

"Nooooooo! Jenna, no! Please don't! Noo! This isn't fair!" shouted Riaelle.

"We'll see how it feels." said Jenna to herself. She moved closer to Riaelle, waving the hose around as she did. Riaelle had fallen to her knees, both hands still in her crotch. She kept pleading to Jenna.

"I'm about to pee Jenna! Please no! Don't make me pee my bikini!" said Riaelle. Jenna moved closer.

"If you don't wanna pee your bikini, take it off and give it too me." said Jenna forcefully. Riaelle was shocked at the proposal. 

"What?! No! I would never..." she didn't finish her sentence. The need to pee was too strong. She was going to pee right quick. She might as well not do it in her bikini. "Fine!" said Riaelle. She untied her bikini top, letting it fall in front of her revealing her perfect breasts. She then undid her tie up bikini bottoms. She stood up, letting them fall around her ankles. She stepped out of them and kicked the entire set to Jenna. She them put her hand bak in her bare crotch with the other hand, pee dancing the entire time. "There!" she shouted. "Happy?!"

"Yes." said Jenna. "Let's see how humiliating it is for you when you need to pee." She turned off the hose, and walked back to Riaelle. She had a look of complete pain and terror on her face. 

"Please Jenna, don't make me do this. I'll do anything, anything! Just don't make me pee myself like a little girl!" pleaded Riaelle.

"Aww, does the little baby need to pee?" asked Jenna, mockingly. "Don't pee yourself now. No matter how good it would feel." She then proceeded to make pee sounds. This was the last straw for Riaelle. Pee exploded from her bare crotch as soon as she moved her hands out of the way. It flew a steady steam onto th deck, flowing in between the cracks of it. Riaelle was absoultly humiliated. Her she was, naked and peeing herself like a little girl. But somehow it seemed worth it. The feeling of relief was absolutely wonderful. After a full 2 minutes the stream ended. Jenna bent down, picked up her bikini bottom as well as Riaelles bikini and said

"Come on, get dressed. We still have a lot on tanning to do." 

