For some reason, I have always been shy about telling anyone that I needed to use the bathroom. Most of the time, if there were no facilities around when my need arose, I just held it silently. This story is about one of those times, but after a few hours, I could no longer keep silent (or dry)!!!
Chris and I awoke early. It was a beautiful summer Saturday and we planned to get our errands done early, and then enjoy the day together doing absolutely nothing but enjoying nature. We went to the supermarket, the dry–cleaners, the pharmacy, and the garden shop. After all of this running around, we stopped at a diner for breakfast. When we finished our meal, Chris went up to the counter to pay the bill and I headed for the ladies' room. Of course, I never said where I was going, only "I'll be right back." I had to pee, but was not bursting. Upon arrival at the ladies' room, I saw a sign saying "caution...wet floor." As it turned out, the ladies room was closed because the cleaning men were cleaning a mess left by its previous occupant. I asked how long before I could enter, and the man told me it would be about 15 minutes. I could have easily waited it out, as I didn't have to go that badly, but that would have meant that I would have to tell Chris I had to go. I'm shy about that, so I couldn't do it. I just walked out into the diner, met Chris at the door, and left with him.
Chris drove home to put our packages away. He told me to wait in the car and that he could handle the three small bags we purchased at the stores. Again, I couldn't tell him about my need to pee, so I just said "fine." I watched as he walked into the house with the packages. I know I should have just gone in with him so that I could relieve my now aching bladder. Chris was in the house for about eight minutes, so I knew he must have used the bathroom. Well, at least one of us was comfortable!
When he got back in the car he told me that he decided to go to the beach. It was kind of cool for sunbathing, but relaxing on the beach sounded great. We were both wearing shorts and tee shirts, and had sweatshirts tied around our waists. Traffic moved briskly on our hour–long drive to the beach, but every bump we hit sent a pain through my midsection. I had to pee – BADLY! The words were on the tip of my tongue "please stop at a gas station, I gotta pee"... but I could not say them. So I suffered, in silence. I occasionally crossed my legs to ease the tension, but it was more like a casual crossing of the legs rather than a "I gotta go" crossing. The only way I could get a bit of relief was to lean forward a bit so that my peehole was pushed tightly against the car seat. Even then, I knew that if I relaxed just a bit, I'd lose some urine when I shifted position, so I held my bladder muscles tightly.
Just before we arrived at the beach, Chris pulled into a gas station and asked the attendant to fill the tank. My hand was on the door, and I could see myself getting out of the car and walking to the bathroom. It was hard for me to say the words, so I just said, "be right back," and walked out of the car. My bladder felt like it was about to explode. I had to walk around the building to the bathroom, but the door was locked. There was a sign on the door that read "please obtain key from attendant." This was going to be hard for me – remember, I'm shy about letting people know I've gotta pee, and this would entail walking to the front of the building, where Chris would see me asking for the key. I had no choice, I was about to burst. When I got to the front of the building, Chris was paying for his gas purchase. I waved at him and then asked an attendant for the key. I was told that the bathrooms were out of order. Chris was watching, and I didn't want him to know that I couldn't use a bathroom, so I walked back behind the building so that he would think everything was fine. I had to go so badly now, that I didn't think I could walk back to the car normally. I looked around and saw no one. I had to go – right now! I contemplated unzipping my shorts and pulling them down so that I could squat right there, behind the building to relieve my aching bladder. I feared that someone would come walking by and did not want to get caught with my pants around my ankles, so I opted to pull my shorts and panties to the side, and pee standing up.
One more quick look around told me that I was alone, so I proceeded to pull my shorts to the side. I started to pee slowly, just a few drops at a time. This wasn't easy, as the pee was running down the inside of my legs and wetting my sneakers. Oh, but it felt so good! I'd peed a few drops, hold it, and then pee again. I didn't want to let it all out at once, because I knew it would gush and wet the sides of my shorts, as well as my legs and sneakers. My bladder wanted total release and I began to pee hard and strong. Just then, a man and a child came around the building. I let go of my shorts and tightened my bladder muscle for all I was worth. I had to bend at the waist to stop from peeing all over myself at that point. Luckily, I regained control and told the guy and his kid that the bathrooms were out of commission. I then walked back to the car. My thighs were shaking from the pressure of trying to hold back the piss I had started to take. I sat in the passengers seat and immediately crossed my legs – tightly! The rest of the ride to the beach was agony for me. The pee was right at the tip of my peehole and I couldn't hold on much longer. I was using every muscle in my body to hold it back at this point and couldn't carry on a normal conversation with Chris.
Finally we got to the beach and parked the car. Walking was no easy task, but I tried to smile and make like nothing was wrong. We found a spot and spread out the blanket. I was wishing it was warmer and we were in bathing suits, for I would have gone into the ocean and peed at that point. We laid on the blanket. I was on my stomach with my hand underneath me pressed tight against my peehole. Chris decided to go get us a drink. Right there, on the beach, I scooted my ass off the blanket, pulled my shorts to the side, and started to pee again. I was peeing so furiously that a puddle was forming in the sand and I had to lift my butt up. It had to be obvious to everyone around me that I was pissing, but I didn't care, the relief felt so good. I then saw Chris rapidly approaching the blanket with two sodas. Once again, I pinched it off. This time wasn't so bad though. I had let enough out to be comfortable for a while. Of course, I still had to go, but was not bursting like I had been for the past hour. I was also thirsty, and drank the soda Chris had brought me quite quickly. Within a half an hour, my bladder was once again expressing its need for relief in a BIG way. I couldn't find a comfortable position, no matter how hard I tried. This pee wanted out – and it wanted out NOW. A few drops escaped into my shorts. I glanced down and saw a wet spot the size of a quarter. I simply could not wet my pants. I jammed my hand into my crotch and squeezed my thighs together. Upon seeing this, Chris said, "I think we should find you a bathroom." I nodded in the affirmative, as I could no longer deny my need.
As we made our way toward the bathroom, a few more drops leaked out. Luckily, I had my sweatshirt tied around my waist, so this was not really visible. When we arrived at the bathrooms, there was a line for both the men's and women's room. Chris asked me if I was going to be able to hold it, and I nodded yes. I wasn't sure that I could hold it though, as by now, my shorts were quite damp. Chris must have known how badly I needed to go by the look on my face, because he said "oh, you poor thing!" Of course, I told him I was fine. I was hopping foot to foot now, as pee was rolling down the inside of my legs. It was dribbling out and I couldn't stop it. I could control it so that it wouldn't gush out, but I simply could not control the spurting dribbles. If Chris noticed this, he didn't mention it to me.
Finally, it was my turn in the ladies' stall. I pulled my sopping wet shorts down and sat on the bowl. Since I had peed in the sand, and then in my pants, there really wasn't much left for the toilet bowl, however sitting on the bowl with my pants down was such a relief. We walked back to our blanket, folded it up, and headed back for the car. Before we got in, Chris put the blanket on the passengers seat. He knew what had happened, but didn't embarrass me my mentioning it. We drove home and spent the rest of the afternoon making passionate love. Of course, I showered first!
MoonSpirit