The Mountain House
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by WiiChiick86 on October 4th, 2009 at 3:13PM

Thanks to all my readers who have welcomed me into this community. It combines two things I love, writing, and pee. After this story ill most likely start writing fiction, and some other things in a different group (See my Page) Thank you all again for being so welcoming! 

(This also will be pretty long, Ive broken it up into 3 chapters)

After High School Graduation, My close friends and I decided to rent a house near a popular skiing area in Minnesota, before we all went our separate ways for college.

In this story: Lindsey, Rachel, Kathy, And me.

Chapter 1

It was about a 3 hour drive from the airport we had landed at to the house we would be renting for a week. After stopping at a fast food restaurant and getting large sodas with our dinner our bladders were all fairly full as we got closer to the house. When we arrived we headed inside, the house was modest, but great. From the front door in front of us was a living room type area with a TV, sofa, and loveseat. There was also a desk in the corner with a place to plug in a laptop and get internet. On the other side of the living room from the door was the kitchen. In between the two was a hallway, midway through the hallway there were two doors on either side.

These were the houses two bedrooms, and at the end of the hall was the one bathroom. After taking all this in my bladder reminded me it was full, so I left my bags at the beginning of the hallway and headed for the bathroom. As I walked in the bathroom I turned around and saw Lindsey walking after me “wait” she said in a muffled voice. I stopped at the door to the bathroom and waited for her. When she got closer she said “Its already 7 pm, its to late to go out and do anything tonight… we should have a hold it contest, all 4 of us! We’ll all pee now, then drink a lot of water and see who can wait the longest”

“Ummm alright, lets ask Kathy and Rachel” Out of the 3 of them, Lindsey had always seemed to take most interest in pee since I first brought up the idea of waiting with them, and I was excited for this little game, and the rest of the fun that would come from this trip.

Without peeing, I followed Lindsey back to the kitchen were Rachel and Kathy were looking around “That was fast” commented Kathy and made for the hallway. I opened my mouth to stop her, but Lindsey beat me to it. “We were thinking of having a holdit contest, we can all go now, then we will drink water and see who can go the longest.”

There was a few second silence before Rachel broke it “Well im in” Kathy agreed as well then she continued down the hall to pee, the rest of us following her. We had known eachother so long and were so close privacy really isn’t something we found ourselves caring about. So while Kathy was on the toilet the rest of us just stood around in the bathroom and discussed the contest, we agreed we would drink to bottles of water each, and were excited to realize that with no parents around or anything, we could actually go all the way and wet, which just made us all more excited. I had wet my pants before, I enjoyed it, but not as much as the desperation. Plus I like the feeling of letting it out when desperate.

After we were all done peeing, we decided to watch a movie, we had brought a couple and the place had a pretty nice TV. So we sat and watched the movie, downing our waters. After the movie, we all sat around and discussed what we were going to the next day. My legs were tightly crossed and I was bouncing, Lindsey was banging her knees, Rachel sat on her heel, and Kathy pressed her legs together. After we had discussed going to breakfast then hitting the slopes the next day, I brought up some fun things we could do with our bladders. (Hey, while thinking about all of our ideas from back then, it just reminded me of another experience I had! Yay for more story Ideas!!!)

Anyway, our bladders ended up in the local walmart, buying some fun things, as we were all in agreement about making our bladders a fun edition to this trip, now that we could do more. We got some diapers, pads, and two rubber sheets for the mattresses, we also bought our own sheets as to not wreck the houses, as well as a crapload of paper towels, and some other unrelated items that we needed.

By the time we got home, Kathy was the only one who had not leaked. We decided to get naked after storing our supplies in the closet, and this didn’t make holding any easier, we covered the sofas with the rubber sheets and sat on them with blankets. As we talked about what else we could do, I heard a lot of pee spurts hitting the rubber, and I lost a lot myself. Lindsey came up with the idea that we all go sit on the edge of the tub and keep trying to hold it, Lindsey was a site to see, completely naked, uncovered by a blanket I remember like it was yesterday, the was fully exposed on the couch sitting on her heel.

We all headed to the bathroom, pulling the shower curtain aside we sat on the edge of the tub and didn’t allow ourselves to use our hand to hold. It wasn’t five minutes before I lost control, most of it went in the tub but some came out between my thighs and went on the floor. I stood and walked to the door, where I squatted and watch the others. Lindsey was fidgeting wildly as she lost control, Rachels face was scrunched up as the pit pat of her pee in the tub suddenly increased to a full jet, at the all 3 stood up and we walked back to the living room.

Kathy was still holding it, she sat on the couch uncovered with her hands tightly in her crotch. It was after 11pm by now, I was amazed Kathy was able to hold it. We had had to get up that morning before 5, so we were all extremely tired. To determine sleeping arrangements, Lindsey came up with the idea of drawing names. We decided Rachel would sleep in the room to the left, I got up and wrote mine, lindeys and Kathys name of 3 separate pieces of paper, folded them and held them in my hands. The name Rachel picked would sleep with her in the room to the left, and the other two in the room to the right. As I put the papers on the table I finished the water bottle I had been drinking. Rachel picked Lindsey, so I would sleep with Kathy, who, by some miracle had her bladder under control. We were all still naked, and looking at Kathy the insides for her thighs were wet from the squirts. And by this time we agreed to give her $5 each for each hour she held it.

We all headed for our rooms, we had wiped the pee of one of the rubber sheets that had been on the sofa and put it on mine and kathys bed, as well as putting our own sheets on it. As I laid down, I remember watching her dance as she tried to pull down the sheets to get in bed, but I was so tired I fell asleep quickly. I know personally I could probably never asleep with a bladder that full, but we had been up for a long time, it had been a long day, so Kathy managed to do it.

We went to bed at about 11:30, I woke up at I guess 2 am, the bottles we drank were very big, and the one I had drank before bed wanted to be let out already. I don’t think I usally would’ve woke up to such a light urge except that I was sleeping in a new place. I sat up in bed and looked around, I saw Kathy and was reminded of the status of her bladder when she went to bed. I reached under the blankets and felt around her legs, dry. I thought maybe she had gotten up earlier and gone to the bathroom, but as I pulled my hand back, I felt her hands between her legs, and noticed she was sweating. I was very much awake, and feeling naughty.

So I got out of bed and went to the kitchen. As I filled a glass with luke warm water my own bladder let out a strong signal, but I wasn’t in danger of leaking. I went back to my room and put Kathys had in the water, she let out a little noise and I thought she was going to wake up, but no. I pulled the blankets off of her revealing her nice naked body, holding herself in her sleep. I moved her hands away. She let out a breath but just turned her head. Then I took some of the water and sprinkled it on her. I watched it come gushing out of her, I reached down and rubbed my own naked pussy with pleasure and enjoyed. It seemed to last forever. After she was done peeing, and I was done pleasuring myself, I took the water back to the kitchen and went back to bed.

Again, this is long. But a lot happened on this trip. J

Chapter 2

I woke up the next morning at about 8. I left my room and looked down the hall towards the bathroom, I heard the shower running. I walked into the kitchen, still naked. Kathy and Rachel were standing around, showered and ready for the day. Kathy offered me some cereal and I accepted, she had just been making herself some while Rachel was on the phone. While we were eating Kathy got up, I kept eating.

“Oh fuck” was all I could say as Rachel and Kathy grabbed my arms and used tape to stick them to the chair. It wasn’t painful, but my arms wouldn’t move. Kathy walked over and sat the bowl I had used to make her wet the bed in between near my feet then she and Rachel each grabbed one of my legs and held them wide open. They were both grinning at me, I smiled too, I was curios to see how long I could stay like this without peeing. I had to pee so bad, until now I hadn’t realized how desperate I was, and my wide open legs weren’t helping. I gasped and moaned and after a few minutes and two leaks, I lost control. The bowl really didn’t do much because the chair was slanted backwards so all the pee flowed under my naked but and off the back of the chair. As Lindsey emerged from her shower she laughed at me too while Rachel and Kathy cut me loose.

I smiled and said good morning to Lindsey as I walked by her and she stepped into her panties. After my shower we went to a small diner in town for breakfast then headed over to the skii resort where we changed into our skiing outfits and rented skiis for the day. The skii lift had really big seats, they held four people instead of two which was good for us. It was about our fourth time when Rachel said she had to pee, after maybe 1 or 2 more trips down the slope we decided to do some snow tubing. Rachel reminded us she had to pee but no one else did and the bathrooms were inside the skii rental place. It was crowded in there and we sure the bathrooms would have a line, especially since people would have to het out of their snow suits to pee. So we wanted to wait until we all had to go. After a few times on the tube Rachel was getting pretty urgent, I had to go too. We decided we were cold anyway and wanted to check out the resort indoor pool, we could return the skiis and use the pool.

We had read about the pool in a brochure to we had bathing suits with us. As we went back in the resort there was sure enough a line for the bathroom, the locker room was just down the hall so we returned the skiis and went to the locker room. It was packed and we noticed a sign that said not to get completely naked. To get in and out of a bating suit you had to use a changing cubicle. The cubicles were packed, we managed to find one of the big handicapped ones open so we all crammed in there at once. Rachel was leaking as she changed her bottoms and I had to go pretty bad too. The locker room toilets were crowded so we just planned on peeing in the pool. Finally we were done changing and headed out to the pool. There was a place to get towels from near a tiki bar type thing. Rachel went straight for the pool and he bathing suit was wet before she hit the water.

The other three of us got towels and were trying to find seats when the lifeguard yelled for everyone to get out of the pool because some dome kid had pooed and it would take them a half hour to sanitize it. Rachel looked relived she was able to pee but the rest of us weren’t. We really didn’t have to go that bad though so we got some drinks from the tikibar and planned to sit on the chairs we had found until the pool opened again. 40 minutes passed and Kathy, Lindsey and I were giving eachother concerned looks about our overfull bladders from the bar. We heard another person ask the lifeguard what was taking so long and he said he would that they were out of the extra sanitizing stuff they used for situations like these and that the resort was trying to call a nearby resort owned by the same company to see if they could get some more.

5 minutes later the lifeguard made an announcement the pool would be closed for the rest of the day. At that point, those drinks really hit our bladders hard and Kathy, Lindsey, and I were all squirming. We really didn’t want to leak in the bikinis so we went to change. The locker room was a mad house, I really don’t think anyone would have noticed if we just peed on the floor. It took 15 minutes for us to get our stuff from our locker and get into a changing room. Kathy and I stood with our legs crossed while waiting, but Lindsey couldn’t stand still, when we finally got into the cubicle lindseys bikini was really wet, and not from water. After we changed we went into the bathroom to see if not the stalls we could at least squad one by one in the showers. But they had lines too. We left the locker room to find the bathroom in the skii rental area packed as well.

After returning the locker key to the desk we went around the hotel looking for a bathroom. They elevators had security and only guest could use them you needed a room key same with the stairs. So we were trapped on floor 1. We wandered across a restaurant in the resort. It had a bathroom but there was a line for the receptionist and we couldn’t get it. By some miracle we came across a family bathroom and went into it. There was a toilet, a sink, and a baby changing area. By the time we found this lindseys jeans already had a wet spot at the crotch, she then did something amazing. She gave me a big smile and sat on the toilet, and peed right through her jeans. I was incredibly turned on, But even more desperate.

Without even offering to let Kathy go first I dropped my pants and peed, first looking at the damp spot in my panties then looking up to see Kathy messing with the button her pants. She couldn’t get it undone. “Shit shit” she was saying “I knew these were to small…. Might as well have fun with it” Kathy sat down crisscross on the floor so her legs were wide open, while I was still gushing I watched the dark spot start to spread on her faded blue jeans until it almost reached her knees. We were lucky to have those skii suits for Lindsey and Kathy to wear home.

Still not done, this is long but I think overall this is probably the best story ive posted. Thanks for reading! 

Chapter 3

When we got home it was still only 4 pm. We hadn’t really eaten since breakfast that morning and were pretty hungry. Rachel suggested a fun game. For the rest of the night 3 of us would wear diapers and one would be sort of a master, that would tell us when we could go to the bathroom, she said the object of the game though was not to pee in the diaper. Lindsey was excited but said she didn’t want to the be the master, so I wrote names on paper to let Lindsey pick one, It was between Rachel, Kathy, and I. Lindsey picked Kathy. So Lindsey, Rachel, and I put on diapers. We also decided to wear sweatpants to dinner so they didn’t look obvious. Before leaving we downed a bottle of water each, except for Kathy.

Then we got in the car and headed into town. After driving around for a while we found an Olive Garden and decided to eat there. As always, it was packed, after 10 minutes of waiting in line for the receptionist, we were told it would be a 45 minute wait. They gave us one of those buzzer things and we walked across the street to a store, where we looked around for a half hour or so then went back to sit in the Olive Garden waiting area. While we were sitting there I felt a twinge in my bladder, but nothing serious. At dinner we had a soda each, and shared a bottle of wine.

After dinner we went over to a nearby bowling alley. As we headed over to our assigned lane Rachel asked if she could use the bathroom. Kathy told her no as we were trying to catch a movie so we needed to bowl fast. Bending my legs to bowl was difficult, and I lost a few spurts. After Lindsey was done I guess her fifth frame she was begging Kathy to go, but the response was no as there was no time. When we finally were done bowling we headed over to the theatre, I knew if Kathy didn’t let us go we would wet the diapers during the movie. I asked her as soon as we got the tickets and went into the concession area. She nodded, she also gave Lindsey permission as she asked after me.

But she didn’t Rachel go saying she needed someone to help her carry the drinks and popcorn. After relieving ourselves Lindsey and I met up with Kathy and Rachel in the theatre. It wasn’t 15 minutes into Talledega knights (great movie btw) that I was just able to make out the sound of Rachel wetting herself after laughing. I looked at her and she smiled at me, giving me a low giggle and blushing. Another hour passed, and I noticed Kathy couldn’t sit still. The drinks at Olive Garden along with the extra large soda she had been sipping had filled her up.

After the movie Kathy said that she needed to pee and asked if anyone else wanted to come with her. The line was long so I declined despite feeling the twinge of my own extra large soda. Lindsey whined that Kathy could wait to get home and we didn’t want to wait for her here. Kathy didn’t look so happy about waiting but she reluctantly got in the car and started to drive back home. I noticed Kathy’s left leg was bouncing the whole way home, and she was happy to relieve herself after we got home. After coming back from the bathroom she gave us each a bottle of water, taking one for herself she told us its important to stay hydrated.

After downing that water we all stripped down to our diapers and started watch another movie (Kathy got a knight gown from her suitcase and put that on). After the movie it was about 10 pm and the three of us were desperate. Rachel learning her lesson from last time asked to go to the bathroom first. “hmm..” Kathy responded “You girls have had a long day, I think its time for a shower, why don’t you all go stand in the shower and ill get the shampoo and towels from our bags.” Reluctantly, we all went and stood in the shower, still in our diapers. “I don’t think you guys need a full shower, we’ll just wash your hair, so you can leave your diapers on” said Kathy and she walked into the room.

The shower hose was one that is removable. So Kathy took it down and began rinsing Lindseys hair. I watched as the little shapes that were the wet alarms on the pull ups appeared, they appeared on Rachels pull up too. When Kathy came over to wash my hair I asked her If I could please potty before she washed it. She said I was a big girl and this would only take a minute. My pee dance was annoying Kathy while she washed my hair. I kept thrusting out my knees, crossing and recrossing my legs, grinding one knee against the other.

Somehow I managed to finish the shower without peeing. Kathy said I must be potty trained and let me change into my own nightgown. Lindsey and Rachel changed their pullups. Kathy gave us each another bottle of water telling us its important to stay hydrated overnight. Then we went to bed. At about 7 the next morning I woke to Lindsey and Rachel in my room asking Kathy if they could go pee. The sheets where my legs were was wet, but my night gown had come up over my waste in the night, so it wasn’t wet.

She told them to wait a few minutes while she woke up. I got up too and asked Kathy if I could go. “No, you’re a big girl, you have to go last” I pleaded with her that I hadn’t gone since the night before and was completely desperate. But she refused saying that she had to potty train Lindsey and Rachel. I followed the four of them into the living room where Kathy told Lindsey and Rachel that if they could wait 15 minutes without peeing their diapers they wouldn’t have to wear them anymore. I stood holding myself through the nite gown waiting. 15 agonizing minutes passed and Kathy came in from the kitchen and beckoned us to the bathroom. I was so desperate, I was impressed with myself that I had drank a soda, and bottle of water since the last time I peed which was over 12 hours ago and was still able to hold on.

But barely, I was sweating, in the bathroom Kathy gave Rachel permission to go, I stood facing away from Rachel as she peed a torrent, hand in crotch head against the wall sweating I saw Lindsey doing a pee dance out of the corner of my eye, and Kathy legs were pressed hard together. I remember she had drank a water bottle before bed as well, but I think she was really enjoying this master thing and was trying to hide her need. When Lindsey began to pee I lost it, I felt my hand get warm as the piss went through the fabric of my night gown into my hand, I moaned and stepped into the bathtub, still trying to regain control. But I lost the battle fully.

As I finished Lindseys stream weakened, and I saw Kathy grabbing the rim of her nightgown, ready to hike it up and pee. “Kathy” I interrupted “im sorry I wet myself, do you mind please helping me clean up?” Kathy hesitated “Umm sure” she finally said “Let me just pee first”. “Pleasssseeeee” I moaned “Cant you wait? You are a big girl, and im really uncomfortable in this wet nightgown.” Kathy gave me a fake smile “Sure ill go get you a change of clothes be right back” When Kathy was in the bedroom getting me clothes I hurried Lindsey and Rachel out “Tell her im taking a dump and I need privacy” I said to them as I locked the door.

I heard Rachel say something to them, I heard Lindsey tell her what I was doing and she moaned. I let 15 minutes pass, then I wet my hands with the sink and quickly threw open the door, throwing water at Kathy. She gasped in surprise and leaned against the wall, her hand flew to her crotch and she let out another moan, then ran by me, and hopped into the tub. She hiked up her nightgown and spread her legs, I watched as the pee flowed out of her hitting the tub. We all laughed. And we ended up wearing the diapers to go snowboarding that day. Which was a really good idea, as after a few slopes we all had to pee, and were able to just go on the ski lift and not worry about, plus it was warm. What a great vacation it was!

The end! Thanks for reading!

P.S. I thought up of another true story, and I might write a few other things in another group “I like to hold me pee”. Also, while writing this I came up with an idea or two for fiction stories/ fantasies. But now that this weekend is over those might be coming a little slower. Thanks for reading! 

WiiChiick86 

