Madison was my best friend in my junior year of high school. We became close almost instantly, and we were almost never apart. We told each other everything, so it was only natural that she told me about how peeing made her come. I told her that I was the exact same way, and within a few months of meeting, we became lovers. We would always go to each other's houses, or drive somewhere secluded, and act out our most wild fantasies. One day, on the way to a most often deserted field, our most memorable experience occurred. We had started the day by drinking lots of coffee like we always did. Then we got into the car, she was driving, and turned on the radio. Usually, we managed to hold our pee without leaking before we got there. This time was different though.
— Oh crap! Maddy screamed.
— What is it?
— I leaked!
— No! You have to wait!
— I can't! You know what? Hold my crotch closed, so I can last until we get there.
So I eagerly placed my hand on her crotch, and she seemed to loosen up a bit. But when we hit a bump, I felt a little bit of leakage. –Oh no Mad, you're leaking.
— I know. Fuck this, I'm pulling over and we're gonna do this now.
— Um Mad? We're on a highway.
— I know, but there aren't too many cars here. We'll be fine.
So she pulled over. We immediately undid our seatbelts, reclined the seats as far back as they would go, and put out our towels.
— Wait, Jenn. Put your hand back on my cunt. That felt wonderful.
— Ok. Come sit between my legs.
Maddy sat between my legs, and since I was sitting as far back on the seat as possible, she was able to lay down with her head on my leg. I leaned over her and slowly slid my hand down her tummy and under her pants and panties.
— Come on Jenn! I really have to pee!
— Patience, my love. Don't you want to enjoy this?
I circled her cunt with my finger slowly, moving more inward with each circle. Finally, I found her clit, and she released a spurt.
— Oh come now, you can't pee that quickly! You need to save it.
— I can't. If I weren't restraining myself now, I would have peed all over already.
— Well we certainly can't have that, now can we? Hmmm, I'm horny too, so it's hardly fair that you get all the pleasure. Sit up.
— Oh you're so selfish!
— Sure, whatever. Now, wrap your legs around me, and I'll do the same to you. Very good– now I'm going to pull my pants down too, and we are both going to rub each other to contain our pee, but when we think the other is going to come, we have to stop. Deal?
— Oh most definitely. The revenge will be sweet.
We sat there, pressing our hands into each other's cunts, rubbing harder and harder, faster and faster. When I was close to coming, sure enough, Maddy stopped. I felt Mad's legs stiffen around me, and so I stopped as well. Without a word, we knew what we wanted to do next. We both removed out pants and panties to reveal our clean–shaven pussies. She lay on top of me, hers pressed against mine, and slowly began to grind. While grinding, I felt a finger slide inside of me, and stroke me inside, obviously searching for my spot.
She found it. I tensed up as I released a small amount of pee. Then she started to grind harder and faster, and rub me inside furiously, until I had the most insane orgasm ever. My pussy gushed and pee poured all over the seat, and I shook so much that Maddy came too. She peed all over my clit, bringing on another orgasm.
Soon, once our orgasms had subsided, she decided that we should still go to our original destination. She pulled back onto the highway, wearing only her panties and shirt. I decided to have a little fun. I pulled her panties to the side and started to lick her.
— Jenn! I'm driving!
— No one's on the road...
I found her clit with my tongue and began to flick. Maddy pushed my head into her cunt, so I licked harder and harder, making her buck and jump and arch violently. She tensed up, and I knew she was close, so I pressed her clit with my lips, and that sent her over the edge. She came and peed all over the seat, so much that it ran onto the floor. By that time, we had arrived at the empty park. She immediately got out of the car, dragged me out, threw me into a tree, and immediately went down on me. Then she stood up, and humped me against the tree, until my come and pee was running down the tree trunk. She humped me until she came too. Exhausted, we lay in the grass, clinging to each other for a long, long while.
Dribblets