"Kathy, I need you to take these plans to the crew working on county road 9, and you can take the company car."
Kathy had been with doing the administrative work for the counties' crews and was well acquainted with the remoteness of some of the areas they worked in.
She drank her third cup of coffee and then headed out the door for her destination. The day was nice and sunny and she turned on the radio fully intending to enjoy the brief freedom from the office. The trip would take about 45 minutes one way and she was in no hurry to return.
As she turned off the main highway and headed up the beginning of the remote county road she was becoming aware of an urgent need to pee. "Damn, why didn't I go before I left the office," she sighed. Oh well, there would probably be a rest area on the way someplace so she tuned back into the music.
As she turned on a narrow corner of the road, a flashing sign greeted her stating "road closed ahead." "God no" she gasped, at that time she was greeted by a young female highway worker who identified herself as Jill.
"I'm sorry ma'am, but there has been a rock slide ahead and the road is entirely blocked, we don't get a lot of traffic on this road so I'm afraid you will either need to turn back or wait it out while they clear the road."
Kathy asked the young blond worker if she had any idea how long the delay would be, explaining she had to deliver some very important forms to the engineers up on Tallow ridge.
"Well they have been going at it since dawn so it could be another hour or so before it's passable." Kathy knew she could not turn back because there was no other route to her destination. She instead used the cell phone to call the office, almost hoping he would tell her just to forget it and they would take them later. She was told to wait it out as the forms had to be there before evening.
The situation was now serious and the building need to relieve herself was becoming desperate. She tried in desperation to conceal her problem but it must have been more than obvious, as Jill approached her car she asked, "Are you ok, you look very stressed about something."
"I'm ok, just a little too much coffee this morning is all," she stated. "If you don't mind me asking, where do you go to the bathroom when you have a need." Jill laughingly replied, "There's a nasty ole Johnny on the spot around the bend but I would have to be desperate to use it, if I have to go I just go by the side of the road when it's quiet like this."
Kathy was now out of the car and pacing back and forth in desperation and knew she had to do something soon or it would be too late.
"Well I have some very important papers in the car and I don't want to leave them and besides it's a company car and the boss would die if it was hit or something."
"Look honey," Jill said, "I know you have to go bad, I can tell by the way you're acting, and besides there is no one here but us, just pee here."
Her words struck like thunder, there was no way she could pee in front of a total stranger but it was a long walk even to the woods. "I–– I can't do that" Kathy said, realizing inside she had no choice, and angry that she let herself get in this shape.
"Sure you can, just squat here in front of your car and if someone else comes I'll stop them far enough back that they won't see you..."
With red faced submission, Kathy stepped in front of the car and slowly began letting down her slacks, all the while looking back and forth to see if anyone was coming. " Don't worry about it," Jill said, "I've seen a woman pee before it's no big deal..." She was even more embarrassed as Jill just stood there in front of her "don't you think it might be a good idea to pull the panties down too, or are you planning on peeing through them." Again Jill's words only made her all the more embarrassed, here she was pulling down her pants and panties and would soon be peeing in front of a total stranger.
Reluctantly and with trembling fingers she pulled the elastic bands of her panties away from her flesh and slid them down towards her knees and squatted.
"Will you please not watch" Kathy said, "I'm very embarrassed by this and I need some privacy." "Oh honey quit worrying and pee will you" Jill replied trying to calm Kathy down.
In just a moment it seemed the dam broke, all modesty was now out the window, streams of yellow piss ran down a trail towards Jill. Kathy was even more humiliated as Jill slowly made her way towards her being careful not to step in her pee.
What was she doing, Kathy wanted to run desperately, but she could not stop the torrent of pee coming out of her.
Kathy watched horrified as Jill approached her and began slowly unzipping her pants. "God no what are you doing," Kathy cried out. Jill did not answer but crept closer all the while undoing her pants and as she now approached directly in front of the peeing woman she slid her pants and panties down and squatted directly in front of Kathy.
"You reminded me I have to go too, and there's no need to make two streams now is there," and with that Jill began letting her own stream go directly in front of the shocked Kathy.
Kathy could not believe it, but she was transfixed on the peeing pussy in front of her, embarrassed that she did not turn away.
Almost as quickly as it began the two floods now subsided, Jill rose in front of Kathy and again Kathy was embarrassed as she stared at the girls full brown bush wet with the recent flood of pee.
Just then the sound of a distant car approaching broke their gazes and the two hurriedly pulled up their panties and pants and each retreated to their own vehicles.
Two hours later Kathy was on her way home but she would never forget the wild and erotic adventure of that afternoon in early September.
Dazed