Jenny's Beginning
  Story of Jenny
by Bob

Here begins the story of Jenny! It is not told chronologically, because the book has been written during the intervals of a busy life and added to as fresh incidents in Jenny's desperate career have been brought to my notice by those who, like me, konw and love her. It therefore moves from episode to episode in Jenny's long history of toilet agony during her schooldays and young adulthood. But it begins in Jenny's early 20s, one fateful day when Jenny went to the hairdressers' to have a hairdo . . . At the time when this incident took place, some three or four years ago, Jenny was an attractive girl in her early 20s - lively, vivacious and quite tall, with a good figure.

Her best features were (and still are, for that matter!) her exceptionally long and shapely legs, her delectable, pert and curvaceous bottom (which her 28-year- old live-in boyfriend Dave revelled in), and her glorious, beautiful red hair the colour of freshly-cut copper. Jenny was proud of her hair and liked to keep it nicely permed, and since she worked in an office during the week she usually got it done at weekends. One Saturday morning she had booked a hair appointment at 10 o'clock in town - rather earlier than usual, but it was the only time that the salon could fit her in.

So, leaving Dave still half-asleep in bed, she forced herself to get up uncharacteristically early for a weekend, showered, had a leisurely breakfast, left the house at about 9 o'clock, did some shopping, and then made her way to the hairdressers' for her perm. But already, as she was shopping, she'd felt the first worrying fullness in her bladder and had begun to wish that she hadn't succumbed to the temptation to have a third cup of coffee at breakfast. (Jenny always drank lots of strong coffee in the morning to wake herself up!) 

On feeling the first appeals from her bladder she had wondered if she ought to try to find a Ladies before she went to the hairdressers', but time was against her, she was already at risk of being late for her appointment, and she decided, rather reluctantly, that she'd better not. As it happened, however, she could perfectly well have gone to find a Ladies, because she was kept waiting impatiently for nearly half an hour in the hairdressers' before a stylist could take her (her usual girl was off ill).

But of course it was too late by then, and she had no option but to wait, and as she sat there needing the toilet quite badly, trying to concentrate on a women's magazine, she began to wish more and more that she had gone in search of a public lavatory before her hair appointment. Poor Jenny was definitely getting quite uncomfortable!

At last a good-looking young male stylist with a handsome, slightly cruel-looking face called her over, but as he took her she was really feeling quite uneasy. Even as she walked across to the chair she was uncomfortably aware of her pressing need to go to the lavatory (it took her all her time to walk normally!), and as he worked at her perm her need to pee got gradually worse, so much so that she had to squeeze her thighs together as she sat there, wishing she could cross her legs without being observed (although her rather tight micro-mini skirt made this difficult without showing large expanses of bare, erection-inducing thigh).

Then for a while, the need to pee seemed to ease a little, and she felt slightly more relaxed. But then, just after her perm was finished and she was sitting under the drier with a magazine thinking longingly of a visit to the Ladies, to her horror someone nearby turned on a tap at full volume. Owing to the cruelly suggestive sound she suddenly felt the need to pee come on really badly again and her thighs and bottom turned to gooseflesh. When this happened, poor Jenny felt an overpowering urge to leave her chair and race to a loo right away, even if it meant calling the young male stylist back over to her (he was attending to another girl at this stage) and begging him to let her use the staff toilet.

Unfortunately, however, there was no possible way she could do so, trapped under the hairdrier as she was, and in any event she knew from a previous time, when she'd been absolutely desperate for a wee during her hairdo and had shyly explained her predicament to a female stylist, that there was no toilet for customers in the hairdressers and that customers weren't allowed to use the staff facilities.

(That occasion had been really awful : she was hopping around nearly weeing in her knickers by the time she plucked up the courage to ask her for help, after having squirmed desperately for ages under the drier trying to hold it in, and after the stylist had told her apologetically that she couldn't use the staff toilet she'd had a terrible struggle to make it home in time.) Anyway, back to the incident I want to tell you about. Jenny felt desperate as she sat there trapped, panicking under the drier, frantic for the toilet, trying to look cool, calm and collected but actually bouncing up and down on the chair on her curvy bottom, muttering to herself, "Oh God! I'm desperate!"

She just didn't know what on earth she was going to do! Any girl who has ever been in a similar predicament, dying for the toilet in the hairdressers', will be able to imagine what poor Jenny felt like - the horror of being in agony for the bathroom, absolutely desperate for the toilet, and having nowhere to GO! Jenny was sweating and she was absolutely frantic to get to a toilet. she was almost DOING it in the CHAIR, and it was all she could do not to squirm around on the chair so obviously as to attract the attention of all the other women there.


As the pressure on her bladder got more and more pressing she ran feverishly in her mind through every conceivable plan she could think of for getting emergency access to a lavatory, but to no avail. And, to make matters worse, she was sitting directly opposite the door marked 'Toilet - Staff Only', which seemed to mock her cruelly as she sat there in absolute agony for a wee! Then, to her horror, her need got even worse as she was sitting there, and she began to have a real fear that if she had to wait much longer and no-one came to her assistance she wouldn't be able to hold on any longer and would lose all control and just do it in her knickers sitting there in the chair.

The thought of sitting there peeing her knickers helplessly in the hairdressers' was too awful for poor Jenny to contemplate, but it seemed a very real and pressing danger indeed to her at that moment. With each near loss of control she had to brace herself frantically, squeeze her thighs tightly together and force her sweating bottom against the chair as hard as she could to resist the pressure, and sweat began to run down her forehead as she struggled desperately to keep her overworked bladder muscles from giving way completely against the all but irresistible urge, muttering frenziedly to herself, "Ooh! I'm desperate! Ooh! I need the toilet! I'm nearly doing it! Ooh! Oooh! Oooh! Ooooh! Ooooh! Ooooh! OOOOH!"

Can you visualise her sitting there scarlet-faced, bouncing up and down on her chair, sweat running down the insides of her thighs, nearly peeing her knickers? Can you imagine how she FELT? Ooh! CAN YOU?

It was a really ghastly feeling for poor Jenny, sitting there trapped under the drier sweating and panicking, nearly doing the toilet on the seat, squeezing her sweaty thighs together, utterly helpless and on the absolute verge of losing control. Desperately she tried to attract the attention of the young male stylist who had been doing her hair earlier, as she rocked backwards and forward on the chair, frantic, unable to keep still for a moment, bracing her sweaty bottom as hard as she could against the seat. But each time she caught his eye he would make as if to come across to her and then turn and go and do something else, just as if he was deliberately making her wait!

Panicking, she whispered soundlessly to herself, "Oh please, oh please, oh please, oh please, oh PLEASE come, I'm DESPERATE, I can't wait, I can't wait, I can't WAIT, oh for God's sake please come and HELP ME! Ooh! Ooooh! OOOOH! I'm trapped here in the chair utterly helpless and absolutely desperate for the toilet and nobody's coming to help me and I'm frantic and I've been waiting for ages and ages and I just can't wait another second and it's getting WORSE and I'm almost doing the toilet in my knickers and nobody's COMING! Oh please someone come, please come, oh please please COME!

Oh please, don't make me - ooooh! - do it in my knickers, lose control in my knickers and - ooooooh! - pee my knickers as I'm sitting here! Oh for God's sake, please, PLEASE, someone, ANYONE come! Ooh! Ooh! OOOH! The toilet! The TOILET! Oh, hurry UP! I'm sitting here bracing my bottom against the seat practically DOING the toilet in the CHAIR! OHHHH! Oh God, somebody please HELP me! I'm nearly PEEING MYSELF! I've NEVER needed the toilet as badly as this and

I'll DO it unless - oooooh! - someone comes to help me QUICKLY!" But the handsome young male stylist always seemed to go off and do something else each time poor desperate Jenny tried to beckon him over discreetly, and by the time he finally came across to attend to her she was sitting there absolutely frantic with desperation, sweating and rocking backwards and forwards on the seat, unable to sit still, thinking that any second her desperate bladder muscles would give way and she would start doing the toilet uncontrollably in her pants. The young male stylist by now had, Jenny was certain, guessed her predicament, and - oooh! - she thought he was enjoying it!

Certainly he stood fiddling with the drier for a while, seeming to take hours, chatting needlessly and ceaselessly to her as she fought to control her desperate need for a toilet and inwardly prayed desperately for him to hurry up. As she bucked and writhed on the chair, frantically fighting to control her over- full bladder, he kept solicitously asking, "Anything wrong, Madam?" To this she always replied in words like, "No, I'm OK, honestly!"

But she just KNEW he was all too aware of her predicament : he kept running the tap at the basin, and as she redoubled her squirmings as a result of the cruel, tantalising sound of the running water he seemed to press himself against her from behind - so much so that she even thought she could feel his erection against her shoulder! [Ooh! The unspeakable SADIST! He must have GUESSED how the running water would make her - oooh! - wriggle and squirm all the more on her chair, frantic for the toilet and utterly, helplessly - oooh! oooh! - TRAPPED and in his POWER)] 

Then, just as he was about to release her from the drier and mentally she was already thankfully paying at the cash-desk, grabbing her coat and shopping-bags and racing desperately out of the salon as fast as she could, someone - oh NO! - called him AWAY! "You don't mind if she just attend to this lady for a minute, do you? After all, you're not in any hurry, are you, Madam?" he asked poor Jenny suavely, with what looked suspiciously like a sadistic grin on his face. A chill of fear grasped her heart, she braced her sweating bottom again frantically against the seat, and she felt herself all but losing control in the utter panic of this fresh delay.

"Oh NO!" she thought inwardly. "I just can't WAIT! I'll DO the toilet if I'm made to sit here any longer! I've been bursting and desperate and frantic and trapped and helpless for hours and hours and HOURS and I've been wriggling around and rocking backwards and forwards on my bottom and nothing HELPS and I just can't hold on any LONGER and it's coming and he KNOWS I'm bursting and he's ENJOYING it and he wants to torture and TORTURE me and DELAY me from the TOILET as much as he CAN and I'm about to do it in my knickers and I just can't stop it and - oooh! - now he's contrived another DELAY! Why is it that absolutely everything always seems to conspire to hold you up when you're absolutely desperate for the loo - practically DOING the toilet in your KNICKERS like this! Oh God! I need the toilet! Ooooh! The TOILET! OOOOH!" 

Then a little hot jet of pee spurted out uncontrollably in her knickers. Panic-stricken at the prospect of the further, unbearable hold-up in her anguished attempts to get to a lavatory, cruelly mocked and taunted by having to sit there staring at the sign saying 'Toilets - Staff Only', and feeling that her bladder was about to burst into the chair and that she was on the absolute verge of doing the toilet in her knickers as she sat there, poor Jenny tried to summon up the courage to call back the young male stylist and plead with him, explaining to him that she was absolutely desperate for the toilet, just couldn't wait another second and had to leave right away.

But the sheer intensity of her need prevented her even from speaking and the result was that she had to suffer yet another nail-biting ordeal of five minutes or so as she writhed around in the chair, frantically bracing her sweaty thighs and bottom as her pee-hole muscles worked overtime and she rocked around on her sweating bottom in anguish, praying desperately that he would hurry up and come back to release her before the pee burst its way out relentlessly into her knickers.

"Oh hurry UP!" Jenny whispered to herself as she rocked up and down on the seat in a frenzy. "Ooh! Oooh! Ooooh! I'm desperate! I'm frantic! I'm bursting! I'm trapped and I'm nearly peeing myself, peeing the chair, no-one's coming to help me and I nearly managed to get away but I was delayed and hindered again for the TOILET and I'm nearly peeing my knickers and I'm absolutely DESPERATE! Oooh! Ooooh! OOOOOH! I'm frantic! I'm jut about DOING the toilet! I just can't WAIT!"

Never in her life had poor Jenny felt such utter panic as she felt then, sitting squirming frantically on the seat under the drier on the absolute verge of losing control and peeing herself in her knickers, sweating and bouncing up and down on her sweating bottom on the chair in a frenzy, squirming in paroxysms of sheer, utter desperation, helplessly trapped and absolutely frantic, desperately trying to attract the sadistic young male stylist's attention. As she bounced up and down desperately on her bottom on the seat, unable to keep still even for a single second without losing control, she was muttering silently to herself, "Ooh! Ooh! OOOH! The toilet! The TOILET! I need the TOILET! I can't keep it in! Hurry UP!",

Poor Jenny was soaking and dripping with sweat, sweat was running down her face and she was biting her lip and twisting her sweaty hands together. She just couldn't keep still for a single second, or else she would have peed herself in her knickers there and then on the seat. And STILL the cruel young male stylist - ooooh! - didn't come back! Poor Jenny felt like waving her hand in the air frantically like a bursting girl in a school classroom saying, "Please, Sir! Please, Sir! Please, Sir!" It was all she could do not to start calling out in the middle of the salon for everyone to hear, "Ooooh! I've been badly needing to go to the toilet for hours and I'm DESPERATE and I'm on the absolute verge of peeing my KNICKERS and I've absolutely got to get to the TOILET or I'LL DO THE TOILET IN THE CHAIR! I just can't - oooooh! - help it - I'll pee my knickers and DO IT IN THE CHAIR!"

As she whispered soundlessly to herself in this fashion she was bouncing up and down on her bottom on the seat, like a bursting schoolgirl begging to be excused from class and twining her thighs together as best she could inside her rather tight skirt. Poor Jenny had truly never known such absolute toilet desperation. At last the handsome, cruel-looking young male stylist came back. "Everything all right, Madam?" he asked. "Yes," she stammered, her pee-hole muscles working frenziedly as she sweatily bounced up and down, "but - but could you let me free now, please? I - I'm - I'm in - in a bit of a hurry . . . !" Oh God! As Jenny said this, she could see his face in the mirror. He knew. He KNEW! He was smiling wolfishly while he almost imperceptibly licked his lips with the slightly protruding tip of his tongue, and he looked all flushed and excited and sadistic and - ohhh! - so hungrily CRUEL . . . 

Pressing himself against her while she bounced up and down in sheer desperation, he fiddled with her hair for AGES, making unnecessary little adjustments while Jenny writhed in a frenzy and from time to time involuntarily let slip little "ooh!" and "sss!" sounds of anguish while the sweat ran down her inner thighs so profusely that she wasn't sure if she was starting to pee herself or not. "Are you SURE you're all right, Madam?" he asked. "You're not uncomfortable there or anything, are you? You don't need to go to the toilet, do you? The staff toilets are just over there - look, you can see them just in front of you - but I'm afraid that customers aren't allowed to use them.

Some ladies do ask, if they're caught here bursting, but it's company policy, I'm afraid."

"No, no! I'm all right! I don't need to go at all" she stammered, but her actions belied her words as she bounced up and down ever more frantically in the chair and the frenzied working of her thigh muscles was clearly visible through her skirt. and, with what seemed like excruciating slowness (she knew he was spinning it out as much as he could, the sadistic bastard, because he had a huge bulge in his tight black trousers!), he set her free from under the drier. 

As she got up and desperately tried to look normal as she stood waiting for him to give her her bill, inwardly praying for him to hurry while he took as long as ever he could and his face was all flushed with excitement watching her trying not to squirm visibly (she was squeezing her thighs together as tightly as she could inside her tight pencil skirt, and she was cursing herself for not having worn a looser one, so she could have crossed her legs to get a bit of precious help in controlling her aching bladder), she could feel that her knickers, bottom and inner thighs were all absolutely dripping and running with sticky rivers of sweat. 

Then, as she was standing there waiting desperately to be served at the cash desk while the young male stylist still watched her hungrily, tapping her high heels frantically on the floor as the sticky sweat ran in rivers down the insides of her tightly squeezed together upper thighs and down the cleft of her sweating bottom inside her sweat-soaked knickers, the girl there just sat chatting unconcernedly to a colleague as Jenny desperately held out the money to her in her shaking hand, whispering to herself, "For God's sake HURRY! I'm frantic for a wee and I'm nearly going to the toilet in my KNICKERS here!" It seemed a nightmare ordeal of ages and ages before the girl dealt with her.

As a result, when she finally hobbled out of the hairdressers, desperately trying to control her bladder inside her clothes as she did so (the young male stylist was still gazing after her!, her need to get to a toilet was more desperately urgent than anything she could ever remember in all her life. Feeling distraught and helpless, she just stood there absolutely panicking, frenziedly running on the spot on the pavement, sweating and gasping in agony, contracting her pee-hole muscles as hard as she could to try to control herself and for the moment not even able to risk trying to walk for a single step in case she lost all control and peed herself in her knickers. The journey home, which took about 25 minutes, was an absolute nightmare for poor Jenny.

Her first plan, desperately concocted as she there sat frantic and sweating under the drier praying for the sadistic young male stylist to hurry up and release her, had been to race to a public convenience which she thought was about five minutes' walk from the hairdressers. But it proved to be a full 10 minutes away. To make matters worse, as she desperately hobbled along every pedestrian crossing seemed to turn cruelly from green to red just seconds before she could reach it and, when at last she got to the longed-for public lavatory, to her utter horror and dismay she found that it was closed.

She panicked completely when she saw the iron grille fixed across the entrance to the Ladies and actually started crying in sheer despair, but there was nothing she could do now except try to get home in time - a task made more difficult by the fact that her detour to the Ladies had added a couple of hundred yards on to the normal journey. She was absolutely bursting and frantic to pee by this stage, and starting to spurt slightly in her knickers. She could never have imagined that it was possible to be so desperate for the loo as she was by now, and she still had over a quarter of an hour's walk in front of her before she reached home. She needed to go so badly that she was contracting her bladder muscles the whole time in panic, and the urge to do the toilet was so intense that half the time she wasn't sure if she was starting to pee her knickers or not. She even considered wrenching her knickers down in an alleyway and trying to pee there without being seen, but she was too nervous to risk it.

Frantic, she decided that her only hope was to get a taxi home. But the first three or four that passed were occupied. At last she caught sight of one with its light on, and she waved desperately at the driver, who to her dismay proved to be another handsome, slightly cruel-looking young man in his mid 20s. He stopped, and she struggled in. Trying to conceal her panic and desperation, she gabbled her address and we set off. Pressing her bottom hard against the seat, she tried to hide her predicament, but it was all but impossible not to wriggle around visibly, particularly when she did little jets in her knickers and nearly lost control.

During the worst spasm of need yet, when she really felt as if she was going to do it in her knickers, the driver just missed a traffic light (Jenny suspected the driver did it deliberately) and they were halted at red for what seemed like hours while Jenny sweated and panicked there in the back, thrusting her bottom against the seat and crossing her thighs as tightly as she could, and she knew that the handsome young driver must have guessed what the matter was, because first he pretended to mistake her road, and then he pretended to mistake her house, and then he seemed to take for ever to reverse and turn the taxi round while she squirmed in the back uttering desperate little groans and intakes of breath while she sat bouncing up and down on the seat crossing and recrossing her legs, clutching herself under her handbag on her lap and struggling and praying not to lose control and pee her knickers.

When he drew up at her house and she was frantically fumbling for the fare money in her purse, almost losing control as she did so, he just sat grinning at her with what looked like a huge bulge in his trousers and took absolutely ages counting out her change, although she begged him not to bother and just accept it as a tip.

As she painfully struggled out of the taxi and fumbled with the gate he was still sitting there watching her, one hand suspiciously in his pocket, and although she tried to hobble up to the door as fast as she could, the intense pressure in her bladder made rapid movement impossible. She just didn't know if she could make it into the house in time or not, and as she rummaged in her handbag for the key some even worse spasms, each more pressing than the last, compelled her to stop her search and struggle frenziedly to regain control.

Finding her key seemed to take ages, but at last she managed to open the door with trembling hands. Desperately she pushed through the door into the hall, and as she did so her boyfriend Dave, who had seen the taxi drawing up, came out into the hall to meet her. "Ooh! Ooh! Oh Dave! DAVE! Ooooh!" she squealed, drumming her heels on the floor as she struggled to pull her coat off. "Oh Dave, darling! I'm in an absolutely desperate hurry! I'm simply bursting to pee and I just can't wait another second for the toilet - I've just got to get to the bathroom right away! I just can't WAIT!

Don't let anything DELAY me, PLEASE! I've been bursting and - oooh! - desperate for HOURS!!" As Dave gazed at her open-mouthed, poor Jenny stood on one leg rocking from side to side in an absolute frenzy of panic as she flung her shopping bags on the floor and tried hurriedly to pull off her coat. She hadn't even time to hang it up, so she desperately threw it down any old how on top of her shopping bags. Desperately she turned towards the bathroom. Oh God! Oh God, NO!

Propped up against the bathroom door, and blocking it completely, was a large, heavy new sideboard which they'd ordered a few weeks previously and which must have been delivered that morning while she was out! There she was, having at last arrived home bursting and desperate and frantic after the worst and most frustrating toilet ordeal she'd ever endured in her life, safely in her own house, standing in her own hall just outside her own toilet door and unable to get in! "DAVE!" she screamed. "I can't get into the toilet with that thing there! Move it! Oh for God's sake MOVE IT, PLEEASE!"

Manfully Dave set to work to try to move the sideboard. It was so heavy and awkward that it really needed two people to move it, which was why he'd left it there, expecting that Jenny would have given him a hand with it when she got home. But of course the poor girl was in no state to do anything of the kind, practically weeing her knickers as she was, and so he heaved and shoved and puffed and groaned and sweated trying to move it by himself to give her the desperately-needed access to the bathroom.

It did move gradually, but painfully, frustratingly, tantalisingly slowly, while poor Jenny stood jogging up and down, running on the spot in front of him, clutching at herself with both hands working away furiously at her tortured pussy as best they could through her skirt, her pathetic, vulnerable bottom jiggling from side to side, and screaming at him in a sheer, blind, sweaty, panicky frenzy of despair and urgency, "Hurry, Dave! Oh for God's sake HURRY! I'm nearly weeing myself! Oooh! I just can't wait another second! Oh God, I've been absolutely bursting for hours, and now THIS!" 

At last, poor puffing Dave managed to get the sideboard moved away from the bathroom door just enough to leave a gap large enough for Jenny to squeeze in past it. "Ohhh!" she moaned, thrusting herself desperately past Dave and the sideboard into the bathroom. "Oooh! A pee at last!" Once inside, she felt so desperate that she couldn't even wait to lock the door as she began to fumble awkwardly with the zip of her skirt. She had just managed to get her skirt down over her sweating, frantically gyrating bottom when, to her horror, her trembling fingers got all tangled up in her suspender-belt and she couldn't get her knickers down.

Desperately she tried to get herself untangled, but all her clothes were by now in a hopeless twist and she couldn't get them clear of her poor little pussy at all, however hard she tried. Dave, seeing her problem, had by this time also squeezed past the sideboard and in through the still open bathroom door to see if he could help, and as he appeared beside her she screamed at him, dripping with sweat, "Oh! OH! OHH! OHHH! Help me, Dave, please! For God's sake, HELP ME! Oooh! I'm absolutely DESPERATE! I'm - oooh! - desperate and I'm losing CONTROL! I'm absolutely FRANTIC! I was - oooh! - desperate for hours in the hairdressers' and I was absolutely bursting and I was HOBBLING all the way home and I'm going to do it in my KNICKERS!"

Dave gallantly tried to help poor Jenny get her suspender-belt disentangled from her sweat-soaked knickers, so she could get them down for her desperately-needed pee. But it was no use. As he fumbled as best he could with her hopelessly-tangled-up suspender-belt (a frilly, complicated affair which he'd recently bought her for her birthday!) she suddenly lost all control.

"Oh God! I'm peeing myself!" she gasped. And it was true. A hot steaming arc of her silvery-yellow pee jetted out of the front of her damp, sweaty knickers, its irresistible force making it spray like a fountain all over the bathroom floor - and all over Dave's hand, as well! Meanwhile, secondary rivulets ran up as far as her knicker-clad bum and down the insides of her sweaty upper thighs, running down and soaking her stocking-tops and then cascading down her stockings and into her shoes while Dave stood with his arm round her shoulder, comforting her sympathetically as she stood weeping and trembling in a spreading pool of pee on the bathroom floor. 

