She was on her way home, having finished a meeting with a client about sixty miles away. It was just after noon, and she had no appointments for the afternoon. Her route passed through a heavily wooded area, part of a National Forest, on a quiet road. She had deliberately chosen this route, for she loved the outdoors and especially the cool forest in the summer. It was a warm July afternoon, and her thoughts turned back to the days, many years earlier, when she had spent summers with her parents on a farm adjoining woods, not unlike those she was passing through. As an only child, and with few other children in the area, she had learned to amuse herself in the outdoors, exploring, climbing, watching the small woodland wildlife, and just enjoying walking through the forest and feeling the leaves brush her body, the grass beneath her feet, and the warm air on her body.
Margaret Morrison was no longer a young girl, but she still loved the outdoors and went for her hikes and walks whenever she could. Now she was fifty two, a grandmother with grown children and a husband who owned a store which occupied most of his time. He shared her enthusiasm for the outdoors, but there simply was little time in his life for him to share those outdoor adventures they had done together when younger. He was a good husband to her, and their life together was reasonably satisfying, but more and more she was learning to enjoy experiences by herself. She, too, was in the business world. She was a CPA, with her own practice and a small but loyal clientele, mostly small businesses within a radius of a hundred miles or so of her home. Often she drove to meet with clients at their own locations, and it was from such a meeting that she was returning today.
Margaret, or Peggy as her friends knew her, had planned this afternoon for herself. She was again going to take a bit of time for a hike in the woods. She still had her love of exercise and the great outside, and she had kept herself in good condition. To be sure, she had put on a few pounds since her marriage some thirty years ago, but at a hundred and fifty odd pounds and with her dark brown hair beginning to bear touches of gray, she was not an unattractive matron, she thought. The picture of professional dignity, she worked in business suits and carefully groomed hair, and this was the way she looked today. Her mind flashed back to a time when she was more carefree.
When she about twelve and thirteen, she made many hikes into those woodlands surrounding the farm, usually alone. A smile crossed her face as she recalled her more naughty activities, about which she never told her parents or her family. In fact, only one other person had ever learned of her very private activities there, and long ago she had lost track of him. She reflected, with that slightly embarrassed smile, what she had liked to do.
As a young girl, she loved to walk through the woods, enjoying the occasional wildlife, the warm summer air on her body, the grass beneath her feet, the feeling of complete privacy with nature. As a city bred girl, the special joy was the feeling of being alone in a big forest; not so big as to threaten her with getting lost, but big enough to shield her completely from the outside world for a time. In that very private green world, though, she had learned to enhance the feeling of the warm air on her skin and the leaves brushing against her. She had learned to experience those feelings without the insulation of clothing. Wandering alone into the woods, she had simply found a suitable secluded spot, and removed her clothes – everything she had on. Then, she would walk about in the woods, naked, feeling the leaves brush her body and the warm air on every part of her skin. She remembered it was a delicious feeling, with no doubt a bit of an erotic element, delightfully n! aughty. She would sometimes walk in forest for a hour or two with nothing on, knowing she was safe from prying eyes; before eventually returning to her cache of clothing and then returning, fully dressed, to the farm and her family.
No one had ever found out about these excursions she made into the woodlands, well, with one exception. She had never been discovered, and eventually her family no longer returned to the area and she grew out of the idea, or perhaps the opportunity simply ceased to be there. Anyway, it was indeed a peculiar kind of fun while it lasted. She did remember that there had been one tine she had shared her forest adventure. Once, a boy about her own age had visited the farm, and she had been with him much of the day. He was shy, not too used to being around girls, and they had simply taken long walks together. At one point they had gone into the woods, to the spot where she usually began her private activities. Somehow, they got to talking about their mutual shyness, and something was said about seeing someone without clothes. She finally got around to telling him that she liked to come to the woods, take her clothes off, and walk around a bit without them in the forest, and ! he responded with some interest. One or the other, she couldn't recall which, had suggested, in a joking way, that they might like to try it together; and, after a bit of discussion, it was no longer a joke. Both had shyly, slowly, disrobed as they watched each other; and then they had spent a few minutes (not hours, as she did alone, for both were fearful of discovery) walking naked through the forest. It was the first time she had ever let a boy see her naked, and the first time she had ever seen a naked boy her own age. They had done nothing but look, she recalled, and later he and his family left. She never saw him again..
But today, Peggy Morrison, 52, business woman, accountant, grandmother, was going to go for a private hike in these green trees of the National Forest. But that was not all she had planned. For today, she thought, she was again going to do what she had done as a young girl forty years ago – she was going to find a secluded spot, hang up her clothes, and, for a little while, take a private hike in the forest completely nude. And she wasn't going to tell a soul – not her husband, not her best friends. It was too, well, kinky. But she knew she was going to love it. The thought was just delicious.
As she drove through the wooded area, she sensed two feelings in her body; first, she was thirsty. It was warm and she was driving with windows open, to enjoy the summer air. She hadn't drunk much while at her meeting, not really being much of a coffee freak. She preferred healthful spring water, which she bought in gallon jugs, and kept one in the car to quench her thirst. She had a nearly full one with her, and she anticipated drinking from it when she stopped.
The other sensation was a signal from her bladder asking for relief. It wasn't really urgent, but it was growing stronger. She noted the time, close to one o'clock, and reflected that she hadn't urinated since about seven thirty that morning, when she left home. Peggy was careful and modest about bodily functions. She didn't mind using public restrooms, but she refrained from asking to use the ladies' room when she was in a client's office. She would use rest rooms there only if she could do it without being noticed, as when moving from one office to another alone, when she might stop in a ladies facility in a hallway. She was very sensitive to her professional image, and in her mind it detracted from her professional bearing if she asked a client, or even a client's female employee, if she might use the bathroom. Also, she was very correct in matters of language and personal dignity, and hated to use slang or colloquial terms in business situations. When with a client she would not use terms like "go to the bathroom" and surely not "pee". She thus avoided using a client's rest room facilities and tried to use public rest rooms or gas stations when she had the need. 
Her avoidance of restrooms did not apply, however, when she was in business situations not involving clients, such as in gatherings of her peers. Further, she hated the common terms and if she had to refer to relieving herself, she would more likely say specifically what she intended. Indeed, a few years ago, in a professional society conference room and in a meeting that had gone far too long, she shocked her mainly male colleagues by announcing "This meeting has gone on far too long. I'm taking a break because I need to urinate, and I suspect some of you do too!"
Today, however, she hadn't used a restroom all morning. When she found a place to stop for her woodland exploration, she would then relieve her bladder as well.
She came to a good stopping point. There was an open area along the road, adequate to leave the car, and then a grassy area perhaps fifty yards wide with the forest beyond. She parked. She locked her purse and briefcase in the car. Her keys she hooked onto a bracelet on her left arm, mindful that she was planning to do without her clothes. Then carrying her water jug in a small bag, she headed into the woods.
She walked into the forest perhaps a hundred yards. It was not thick forest, and the undergrowth was not dense. It was easy walking, but her path lay over a mat of leaves and small twigs. She continued on, perhaps another fifty yards, then came to a tree with some fairly bare horizontal branches at about shoulder height. A good clothes rack, she thought, and far enough from the road that it seemed very unlikely anyone would wander into the area. There was no evidence about of any recent human visitors. She looked at the mat of undergrowth and made a quick decision; she would keep her shoes on. She remembered walking barefoot when she was thirteen or so, but she decided she was not going to expose her bare feet to what might be lurking below the leaves. Shoes would not compromise her objective.
She looked about, then slipped off her low heeled shoes. She pulled off her pantyhose, hanging the garment on the tree. After further careful looks about, she slipped off her suit jacket and her skirt., hanging them on the tree branch. Her blouse was next.
Now, she slipped her shoes back on. She was standing in the woods wearing only a bra and a half slip. The feeling was of marvelous adventure. Somehow, it was like being a girl again. She unsnapped the bra, hanging it up, noting that her breasts sagged a bit with their fifty two years, but, she thought, not bad for her age. Her breasts were never overly large, but her husband had seemed satisfied with them. She had not been showing them elsewhere. She slipped off the half slip, revealing her bare hips, a bit veined but still well proportioned, and her abdominal area; the lower part of which was covered by a rich thick growth of pubic hair, which she never trimmed. She thought trimming it seemed a bit immodest, because where would she go that anyone would see it? She was not given to wearing abbreviated clothing or skimpy swim suits. 
Now she was nude, except for her shoes and her bracelet holding the keys. She felt the air over all of her body. Deliberately, she walked by some bushes and felt the brushing of the leaves on her breasts and hips. She was immensely enjoying what she was doing.
Her bladder reminded her of its need for relief. Now free of clothes, she squatted slightly and released a strong stream of urine into the matted leaves below her. Then she stood, and quenched her thirst with a long drink from her water jug.
For a few minutes she walked deeper into the forest, absorbing the smells, the feeling of leaves and branches brushing her unprotected body, touching her in places usually well insulated. She was feeling very adventurous and enjoying her activity intensely.
After a few minutes, she retreated slightly in the direction from which she had come. She could see some distance through the forest, though she got only glimpses of distant objects. Suddenly she caught just a hint of something that didn't belong in the forest – something with a bright color, and moving. Her heart raced a bit – was there someone, or something, here she didn't expect?
She moved cautiously back to the area where she had left her clothes. Again she noticed the movement of colored objects. Then she stopped in horror, as she caught a fleeting view through the branches of what she had seen earlier. There were people; evidently two of them, and they were at the site where she had left her clothing. In something approaching terror, she quietly moved toward them.
When she got close enough to clearly see what was going on, she found she could also hear voices. What she saw and heard sent her into shock. Two men, dressed in bright colored shirts and darker pants, were at the tree where her clothes had been. They were removing the last of her clothes from the tree, placing them in a large bag. They were discussing what had become of the owner of the clothes, which they assumed was a woman. The men did not sound threatening, and appeared more curious than dangerous. One, appearing noticeably older, instructed the other to take the clothes back to their truck, and then return, while he looked for the woman they belonged to. From their discussion, they had considered that they might have come across a scene of foul play, and they were thinking if they should notify the police.
Peggy's heart skipped a beat. If they called the police, her little escapade was going to be discovered, and she faced giving out a public and very embarrassing explanation. The clothes could surely be traced to her; and even if she evaded the men and managed to get home without her clothes, she couldn't imagine what kind of a story she could give to explain this.
She decided on a gamble. The man remaining in the area was looking for a woman whom he suspected would be undressed. He did not look dangerous, and the snatches of conversation she had picked up did not indicate any evil intent on their part. Perhaps if she could talk to him, she might be able to get him to return her clothes and overlook the matter. It was worth a try.
Slowly she worked her way toward the man, who was scanning the area for an unclad female. Finally they both caught each other's attention, almost simultaneously. She stood behind a small bush for a shield, just as his eyes, drawn by her movements, caught her. She called out a greeting. He looked at her, surprised.
"Are you the one who left the clothes on that tree?" he asked. She responded affirmatively. She pleaded with him, saying, truthfully, "I was just walking through here for a while, and left my things on that tree. I know it seems a bit outlandish, but I was just taking a walk in–– , well, without clothes. I'd much appreciate it if you could just let me have them back."
The man moved toward her. "You'd better let me see you so I can tell if you're really the one who would fit into those clothes we found. You sure there's nothing more to this than taking a walk in the woods?" He was skeptical. "And is there anyone with you? Look, we're not trying to harm you, but this is a mite peculiar, you know." 
"Believe me", she replied, "I'm telling you the truth. And I don't have a stitch of clothes except my shoes. You don't have to see me to tell that."
"I think", he called to him, "that we need to meet and talk this over. My name's Harry, and my friend is Jim. He'll be back shortly, just went to take those clothes to our truck, where they'll be kept safely. We're not going to hurt you; we're just not into that stuff, but I think you owe usa good look at you if you want the clothes back. How about coming out here, shake hands, and let's talk a bit." 
"You promise no harm – promise you won't touch me?" Peggy asked, almost pleadingly. Harry reassured her. "We're law–abiding citizens. We not into attacking women, or mistreating them. But this is a mighty funny situation, and if you want us to help you out of it, you need to give a little. I promise you neither Jim nor I will harm you, and we won't touch you, beyond a handshake, if that's what you want. But, after all, we've apparently found an undressed woman in the woods, and a little look won't hurt any of us!" 
Reluctantly, with her hands in front of her breasts and pubic area, Peggy slipped around the bush and approached Harry. Somewhat gingerly, and blushing a deep color, extended her hand to him, exposing her breasts when she did so. "I'm Peggy", she said, "and I was really just enjoying a solo walk in the woods, whether or not you believe me! Now, please, take your look but I'd like to get my clothes back!" 
He shook her hand, smiling. Behind him, she could see Jim returning. Harry heard, too, and turned to meet him. He introduced Jim to Peggy, with a kind of casual nonchalance, seemingly oblivious of the fact that Peggy was standing in front of the two men, completely nude.
The two engaged in a bit of conversation. The two men had been returning from a work project, and were going into the woods looking for the possibility of game, anticipating a hunting trip later, when they came upon the tree hung with women's clothes. Peggy acknowledged that she, too, was coming home from work. The men really didn't seem aggressive or threatening, but were obviously enjoying looking over Peggy's naked body. 
After a few minutes, Harry proposed, "Well, it seems none of us is in a hurry, and frankly, Jim and I are enjoying this. We'll agree to get your clothes back for you, assuming they're really yours, if you'll stay with us a bit and play a bit of a game with us – we promise we won't touch you or harm you. But you are a bit of an eyeful, and there is a little something we'd like to watch."
He winked at Jim. "Peggy, both of us would like to watch a woman pee. How about you doing it for us now?" 
Peggy was a bit taken aback. That kind of display wasn't going to involve touching, but she knew she was going to have trouble doing such a private function in front of two men. Besides, it was just too embarrassing. And, she recalled, she had just done it.
Falling back on her dislike of slang, she answered, "I really don't think I could. You see – I just urinated back there. My bladder's empty now."
"Oh?" Harry replied. "Sure you're telling the truth?" She nodded, "Girl scout honor! I couldn't do it now. Come up with something else, if you have to, but I won't be able to do that for a while!"
"Well, we just might. And maybe it'll give you time to fill up so you can do it a bit later." He turned to Jim, "Jim, remember the water torture thing we read about? Like to have her give it a try?"
At first, Jim seemed hesitant. "It would be a great, but she's kinda, well, older– do you think she could do it? Any where would we get the water?"
Harry observed, "Look's to me like she has a water jug with her – probably enough for the job! And it would be interesting at least to see her try!"
Jim lit up immediately, "Let's get her to do it! I've never seen a woman do it. And she'll sure be able to pee afterward!" 
Harry turned back to Peggy. "OK, we'll believe you, for now. But we still want your company for a little while, as a condition for getting the clothes back. " He continued, "We just want you to spend a couple of hours walking in the woods with us, and letting us look at you. We'll ask you to pose in certain ways for us; nothing you won't be able to do easily. We'll agree that we won't take any photos of you, and neither of us will touch you. You won't be harmed, and we will all three just have a good walk through the trees – about what you planned to do, anyway.
"And, oh, there's just one other little thing. That jug of water you have – we want you to carry the water while we walk, but we don't want you to have to carry it in the jug."
"So how am I to carry it, if I can't use the jug?" she asked, a bit suspiciously.
"You have a better container to use for it", he responded.
"Such as...???"
"You." 
"Exactly what do you mean, me?" Her curiosity was peaked, and she was still suspicious.
"Your body. You can carry it inside you."
"Are you asking me to drink it? Look – there must be over three quarts in that jug! "
"Well", Harry answered, "you do have a couple of places to put it, and that's all we want you to do."
"Please make yourself clear."
"All right. You told us you hadn't eaten lunch, so you have an empty stomach. Right?" "I suppose so."
"And", Harry continued, "We asked you to pee for us, and you said you couldn't, because you had just, er, urinated. So you must have an empty bladder. Right?"
Peggy just looked a bit astonished. Harry continued, "You do have a bladder, don't you? " She nodded in silence. "Then", he went on "We'll be patient. We have time. We'll give you half an hour to drink the water. That'll give time for a bit of it to work its way out of your stomach, so you'll be able to finish the jug. Then all we want you to do is keep it in you for an hour and a half after that, while we walk. At the end of the time, we want to watch you urinate, and we think you'll be able to. In fact, it should be a good show for us. That's all – then we get you your clothes and you can dress and leave."
She pondered the proposition. "Let me see if I understand this. First, you want me to drink what's in this jug – about three quarts of water, I think; which you will give me a half hour to do. Then you want me to walk around with you, nude, doing poses you ask me to do, for an hour and a half. You promise not to touch me or photograph me, but during that hour and a half I am not to urinate. At the end of the time, you are expecting me to be able to do a big urination, which you want to watch. And then, you'll get me my clothes and I am free to leave?"
"You got it. But, understand, you're not a prisoner. You are free to leave now, as you are. We won't stop you. But you go like you are."
"Meaning nude?"
"That seems to be the way you are"
"What if I can't hold the water for an hour and a half? I think I have a strong bladder, but that's a lot of water!"
"Then we can take the clothes and leave, and you can leave, too. As you are." She got the point.
"OK, I'll agree. No touching and no pictures. I think what you really want is to make me try to hold an extremely full bladder and watch me squirm trying to do it, because if my bladder gets as full as you are expecting, it's going to be painful. You are asking me to do something that you know is going to hurt. But you don't give me much choice. I'll drink the water and play the game with you as long as you keep your word."
The two men smiled at each other. Peggy stood up, opened the cap of the water jug, and lifted it to her lips. She drank deeply. This was going to be a challenge. She seriously doubted she could hold the water for an hour and a half, but she was thinking of the alternative. Probably she could get back to the car without any clothes, but then to drove home, she would be naked. People would see her. How would she ever explain this situation to her husband, or anyone who recognized her?
The men carried on a bit of polite conversation with her as she filled her stomach with the water, pausing for little more than breath. Twenty minutes went by. She felt bloated. Very bloated. She picked up the jug, looked in it carefully. She judged that it still held at least a quart. Protesting that her stomach was at its capacity, she asked the time and took a short respite. The men were patient. She wasn't. She realized that the water would work its way through her, and if she didn't manage to get the rest of the water in her, quickly, they would delay the start of her hour and a half, forcing her to hold it longer. Finally, a minute or so before the half hour ended, she drained the last drop from the jug. She held it upside down, to demonstrate its emptiness.
"OK, let start our walk. We can all use some exercise." Jim was anxious to get the show going. They started on a route through the trees. Harry kept his eyes on Peggy. "How are you feeling now? Not thirsty are you?" 
Peggy rubbed her distended stomach. She suddenly was conscious of the swaying of her breasts as she walked, and the way Jim, especially was looking at them. "I feel full – really, really, full! I'm not hungry or thirsty. And I hope both of you are enjoying this show you are making me put on! I can't walk too fast, my stomach is bulging. And I hope you aren't going to ask me to pose upside down!"
Harry considered her remarks. Shortly they stopped beside a big tree, and she was asked for her first pose. They had her lean with her back against the tree, spread her legs wide apart, and stretch her hands as far above her head as she could reach. The two men carefully viewed her frontal nudity, especially her well displayed pubic region with a its rich growth of black hair, and her breasts. They had her change the pose several times, seeking to place her breasts in different positions. On occasion, they had her hold her nipples in her hands, using them to pull her breasts as far apart as she could, and as high as she could. Eventually they tired of the game and moved on.
Actually, she felt better as the time went on. The water was emptying from her stomach, and the bloated feeling was diminishing. She feared where the water was going, but for the moment there was a pleasant relief. She still didn't feel any distention in her bladder.
Repeatedly, they had her take and hold positions designed to reveal her intimate body parts or emphasize the sag or flexibility of her breasts. She was made to let them hang as she bent over, to stretch them in various directions with her hands, and to jump up and down to produce the bouncing effect.
Of course, it wasn't very long before Peggy felt the effects of the water in her bladder. A half hour or so after drinking the water, she was aware of a desire to urinate. It was tolerable at first, but it rapidly got worse. As they had her assume various poses, Harry noted that she was placing her hand on her abdomen frequently, evidently feeling its fullness. "Now tell us how you feel," he inquired.
"How do you think?" Peggy answered. "My stomach's not swollen, but the water's going downstairs fast, and my gauge is reading full". Harry smiled at Jim.
They posed her in front of them, hands clasped behind her neck, and told her to spread her legs. She reluctantly complied. "Wider", Jim insisted. "You're trying to make me leak, aren't you?" she complained, her bladder control already strained.
The men were enjoying watching her expression of discomfort and her continual effort to hold her legs together or place her hand on her abdominal region, actions which they constantly frustrated by asking her assume different postures..
Every couple of minutes they asked her something about her feelings, making her describe her sensations. Of course, this made her even more acutely aware of them. She was glad, indeed, that she had a strong bladder. She could often make herself wait from morning to late afternoon, but this was with limited liquid intake. This time she had consumed three quarts of water. Mentally, she pondered what her real bladder capacity was – she couldn't imagine that it could hold anything like that much. She had never tried to measure her urine output, but from what she had heard and read, she thought that the human bladder could normally hold a quart if forced to. What was her body going to do with the rest of that liquid within her?
Forty five minutes left. All she could think about now was her distended, aching bladder. The discomfort was growing every minute as she clenched her muscles, forcing the organ to stretch to accommodate its increasing load of water.
"How's your bladder doing, now, Peggy? Only about forty minutes left! Do you think you can make it stretch some more?" Jim asked cheerfully. They kept her talking about her need to urinate, which at the same time they were denying her.
Thirty minutes to go. She could feel her abdomen swollen, firm to her own feel, almost up to her navel. She was keeping her sphincter muscles tightly clenched, and they were getting tired. She had the most intense desire to urinate she had ever experienced, and the feeling had now gone from great discomfort to an aching pain. She had serious doubts that she could stand this until the time was over. Again she reflected on the alternative, if she had to leave without her clothes. Desperately she ordered her muscles to retain their tight grip, restraining her forcefully complaining bladder. 
Finally, she pleaded with her tormentors, "Look, guys, I'm trying the best I can, but this is terribly painful for me! It hurts, my gosh, it hurts! And I'm not a young thing; I've got limits! I don't think I can hold it any longer! Haven't you tortured me enough? You said you wanted to see me urinate – boy, could I give you a show now, if you'll just let me! Please, let me go, and you can watch, if you'll just let me have my clothes back! Please! Please!" 
Harry and Jim smiled at each other. Her pain was real, they realized. Watching it was just what they wanted. The two men consulted among themselves. Finally, Harry spoke to Peggy. "OK, you got our sympathy. We'll offer you a deal – we'll cut fifteen minutes off the time if you'll let us both feel your bladder – we promise to be gentle. And when the time's up, and you do pee, you've got to do it standing up, with your legs apart, facing both of us."
"Deal!" Peggy responded with just a touch of relief. "You can feel me, but, please, one at a time, and don't press on it!"
Delighted, Harry motioned for Jim to go first. Cautiously, Jim reach out and placed his hand on her swelling abdomen. He could feel the growing distention, and with her bladder so greatly distended, it felt hard to the touch. He used both hands, feeling over the surface of her abdomen, touching the hardness, while Peggy struggled to control her sphincter muscles and keep her urethra from pouring out a stream.
It was Harry's turn. He, too, palpated her abdomen, commenting on the extremely hard feel of it. Peggy complained vociferously as he applied just a slight pressure. His hand slipped down, into her pubic hair; he wondered if she would complain of this. She didn't; all she wanted was for this ordeal to be over.
Finally, Harry announced, "OK – you made it! Time's up. Now stand there, put your hands behind your head, spread your legs, and you can let go! Let's see what kind of a show you can put on!"
The men stood in front of her in anticipation, as she assumed the required stance. Legs spread as wide as she could, she tried to release her sphincters, only to find that the muscles would not immediately relax. The men waited, one asking, "Well, can't you do it?" Peggy responded, "Just give me a little bit, I can't let go so fast.."
They watched, fascinated, as her spread genitals began to drip a few drops of urine. Gradually the drops became a stream, and the stream became stronger. It jetted out in front of her two to three feet, as she bent backwards just a bit; and then it became a torrent of spray, pouring out in a broad torrent, running down her legs, spraying in front of her and below her. The men watched, fascinated.
The spray continued forcefully, for what seemed to Peggy several minutes, while the men watched her, transfixed. She couldn't imagine that a woman's urination could be that interesting. Neither could she imagine that she could have held so much and kept up her urination for so long.
Finally, the stream diminished, then stopped. She held her pose, started it again for a few seconds, the let it stop finally. She looked at the two men. "Satisfied?" she asked.
Jim applauded. Both smiled. Together they indicated their approval. "I guess you've earned your clothes back" , Harry told her. He motioned to Jim, who left to retrieve them from the truck. Peggy reflected on her experience to Harry. "You really put me through torture, " she began, "but you did keep your word. You didn't touch me except right at the end, when I told you you could. I respect that, and I really ought to hate you for putting me through this, but, really, it was an adventure for me, too; and it wasn't all bad. Promise you won't give this story out?" 
"We wouldn't dare. How would we ever explain it ourselves? Both of us have families. Peggy, you were a good sport. Let's all just forget it, now." 
Shortly, Jim was back with her clothes. The two men watched as Peggy dressed herself in front of them. All three of them walked back to the edge of the forest. Peggy left them and walked to her car, unlocked it, and slid inside.
She had wanted a forest adventure. She had one. As she started the car, she knew there was just one problem left. Her bladder was full again, still receiving the rest of that jug of water. She made a decision. She wouldn't empty it now. She would wait until she got home.
She knew she could. Francine