Ann was walking home from a night out with her best friend Linda. Both of them had gone to dinner, then the movies and some drinks afterwards. She was 18 years old so she only had diet coke the whole evening and she had to piss, piss badly!
When she wanted to go to the toilet in the bar Linda realised they were going to miss the last bus home if they didn't leave now. So they ran to the bus stop, jumped in and drove of. It was a 25–minute drive and she was getting more desperate each second. Though it felt she was going to have the urine pour out of her mouth soon she held on until the bus came to their stop. Linda also mentioned she had to pee badly but Ann knew she was worse. Linda had gone to the toilet twice that evening, she hadn't! They got off of the bus and walked together for a few minutes until Linda had to go to a different street to get home. Now Ann was walking alone, it wasn't far now. Normally a 5 minute walk, but with Ann's bladder about to explode it was longer. She couldn't walk her normal speed and was more shuffling forward than walking. This way it would take her at least 15 minutes.
Though it hadn't felt pleasant since she had gotten on the bus it was starting to really hurt now. It hurt more and more and Ann feared she was going to damage something if she didn't relieve herself soon. She looked around to find a spot where she could go, but she couldn't hide anywhere. She shuffled on for a few more meters when another pain wave hit her. Suddenly she didn't care anymore, she wanted to get the urine out of her bladder, she wanted the pain to stop, and she wanted to prevent damaging something internally. 'Fuck it, it's not worth it' she thought, and with a sigh she gave in to the need. Immediately the piss started to flow– she could feel it coming, rushing to her cunt. She couldn't stop it anymore even if she would have wanted to– her body had taken over. Ann just wished she had decided to wear her skirt instead of her jeans. That way she wouldn't get that dirty, but she was glad she had decided on her black skin–tight jeans instead of her light red jeans. Those would have shown and Ann thought this would perhaps go unnoticed. 
Then it happened, the piss jetted out of her cunt and splashed in her panties. Ann felt the urine shooting everywhere, at first it pooled in her panties while the fabric tried to absorb all of her pee. When her panties were saturated Ann felt the urine fall down her legs while her pants started to absorb the urine. She saw the urine pouring out of her legs before her pants started to glisten. Looking at her legs while peeing at full force a familiar feeling in her crotch started to demand some attention. Ann recognised the feeling as the building of a strong orgasm. It was exactly the same feeling as when she masturbated in the shower with the shower head pointed at her clit. This feeling was building to greater heights than she had ever known to exist though and not long afterwards she came so hard that she fell on her knees panting. Still her bladder wasn't empty and Ann added pressure to the stream, once again building the pleasure. She had another mind shattering orgasm before she ran out of urine. 
When her bladder was finally empty Ann got up and walked home fast, luckily no one would be awake when she got home, so it would go unnoticed. When she got home everybody was asleep indeed, silently Ann walked to the kitchen and got a bottle of coke out. She downed two large glasses and had a big glass of water as well. Then she went to her room in the basement and sat down behind her computer (on a towel) to check her mail. As she had expected she needed to pee fast and when she logged off ten minutes later she had to go again. Though it wasn't as bad as outside, she knew there would be a lot of pee. She hoped she could come again by peeing her pants, but if she didn't have enough urine she would use her hands like usual, and of course the shower head before that. Ann didn't have to worry though, the excitement of going to pee her pants again, without a need except to get an orgasm had her worked up so much that stepping into the shower caused her enough friction to have a small orgasm already, and when she started to pee she came instantly, and just before her bladder ran out she got a small orgasm again. She turned the shower on, and undressed while showering, giving a lot of attention to her breast and clit making herself come twice more before getting out of the shower and going to bed exhausted.
The next morning Ann looked at her wet clothes in disbelieve. 'I can't believe I pissed my pants last night, and I can't believe I had orgasms doing it and I can't believe that I can't wait to do it again!' Ann took her clothes to the bathroom and threw them into the dirty clothes bin. After breakfast she dressed and put on the skirt she had decided against yesterday. She called Linda and asked if she could come over. Linda said she was going into the city in a few minutes to buy a new pair of pants and asked Ann if she wanted to join her instead. 
Not much later they met at the bus stand and started to talk. Ann wanted to tell Linda what had happened since they shared everything. Ann and Linda had even discovered masturbation together. One or two years ago Linda and Ann had gotten into a rain storm and got very wet and cold. When they came to Ann's home her mother sent them into the shower immediately to prevent them from getting sick. While messing around under the shower Ann and Linda had started to fight with the showerhead spraying each other in the face and so. When Ann had fallen over laughing Linda had put the showerhead directly above Ann's cunt. Ann had grunted and when it started to feel better and better had opened her cunt lips to give the water better access. Linda, realising Ann sexually liked what she was doing, kept the water stream pointed at Ann's cunt. Not long after that Ann had her first orgasm ever.
When she had gotten down off of her high she had ordered Linda to lie down and spread her legs like she had done. Not long after that Ann had given Linda her first orgasm. After that they grew even more close and a month ago they had tried to get a manual orgasm together. They had been talking that it was inconvenient that you had to shower every time you wanted an orgasm and that there had to be a better way to accomplish that. Looking on the Internet they had found a site with masturbation techniques and they had tried them all out sitting side–by–side, naked from the waist down. After a few failed tries they had managed to find a technique that gave them an orgasm as well. Coincidentally they both got off on the same techniques so Ann thought this wetting thing might be something for Linda as well. 
Ann decided to just tell her. She told Linda she had to go very badly last night when they split off and that she decided to just piss her pants then. Linda started to laugh in shock. "You pissed your pants on purpose?"
"Yes, I was in pain and wanted it to stop, but I didn't want to drop my pants in the open. What if someone saw me?"
"I understand that, but admit it, pissing in your pants is kind of strange too."
"Strange, but wonderful!"
"Wonderful, are you mad?" Ann then told Linda about her orgasms and her peeing again on purpose in the shower later. "Are you for real? You are not kidding me? You had an orgasm while you peed your pants?"
"Yes I did, I peed twice and came 4 times! And I will do it again if I can get away with it! It feels the same as the shower head thing, but much better!"
"Better than the shower head? Wow."
'Would I dare to do it? I like a good orgasm, and Ann and I are wired in the same way. But peeing your pants?' Linda wondered. "You say you will do it again? When? Can I watch?"
Ann looked at Linda. "Yes you can watch if you're there when I feel like it and get away with it. Of course you can!"
"Would you dare with this skirt on?" Ann looked down her legs. Her short loose skirt with her legs on full display came just above her knees.
"Well, not out here standing like this. That would be too obvious. But I would dare if I knew of a way to hide it."
By: JJ