MaryBeth Pickman did little to hide her annoyance when her mother told her that the family was going to the zoo for her little brother Joey's birthday. She was, after all, eighteen years old, an adult and far too old to be going to the zoo with a small child. But, her mother had used the famous "as long as you're living under my roof, you're living under my rules, and I say you are coming," and MaryBeth was forced to go. She was more than a little upset, thinking it unfair for her mother to say that to her, but she had little choice and that Friday found herself riding next to an overly excited Joey who did little more than talk about how much he wanted to see a real live elephant.
With a fall of full, soft brown hair that dropped just above her shoulders and a pair of lovely brown eyes, MaryBeth was undeniably attractive, beautiful, in fact. Her face was smooth and perfectly formed, extremely pleasing and a great smile was the icing on the cake. She was short, but embodied the very essence of beauty. Her curves were defined and well formed and she had yet to walk past a man without getting a gawk. In her tight, red T–shirt and tight fitting blue jeans, she hoped more than anything to flirt with a few guys on this trip, if there were any there. And since she was allowed to wander by herself, she intended to look.
Before leaving for the hour and a half drive to the zoo, the family stopped to fill the gas tank. MaryBeth bought herself a twenty–ounce bottle of water and downed it before her father had finished filling the tank – she was a speed drinker – it was her second bottle that day.
Ten minutes into the ride, MaryBeth's eyes, like they always did on long trips, began to get heavy. Her brother's constant chatter became dulled in her drowsiness and minutes later she was asleep.
When she woke up, her brother was shaking her awake crying "we're here, we're here" in her ear. She groaned and slowly exited the car. She smiled. At last she was going to get away from her family and maybe meet some hot guys. She threw her arms in the air and bent back, stretching her muscles after her long, cramped nap, also taking note of the hot, muscled guy that walked by wearing the zoo's uniform; maybe this trip would be fun after all.
"I don't know about anyone else," she said cheerfully, her mood had gotten considerably better with the knowledge that cute guys roamed the area, but suddenly aware of her bladder's fullness. "But I really need to use the toilet," she finished, bending at the knees in mock desperation. In reality, though, she thought she would burst.
"We all stopped to use the bathroom before we got here," her mom said. "We didn't want to wake you up, though. There are bathrooms near the entrance, you can use them."
MaryBeth nodded. She could make it to the entrance, no problem.
But it was a problem. She felt the pressure increase with each step and the elephant fountains, spraying a steady stream of water from their trunks didn't help her plight any. After about a minute, her pace slowed and her family started getting ahead of her. Worse, she felt continually more desperate. She walked slightly hunched over but refused to use her hands to help keep it in, not in front of all these people!
Her parents noticed her lagging behind, and slowed their pace for her, but with her ever–increasing desperation she lagged farther and farther behind. Afraid that maybe she was sick, her mom dropped back to check on her.
"I have some medicine in my purse, if you need some," MaryBeth's mom asked when they caught up. MaryBeth shook her head.
"What would make you ask me that?" The younger girl asked.
"Well," her mother said, "you're moving pretty slow, and you're hunched a bit like your stomach hurts. At first glance it looks like you might have diarrhea; do you?" 
"No," MaryBeth said, quickly standing straight up and ignoring the ping of extra pressure on her already very full bladder. She was very toilet shy and didn't want anyone knowing she was having an emergency, and she also didn't want anyone thinking she had the problem her mother suggested. "I just need to pee, I'll be fine," she said. "Bathrooms are right ahead."
But MaryBeth was to find no relief in the restrooms outside the gate for an out of order sign hung on the door. When she asked, the clerk told her she would have to use the toilets in the park, but since the clerk was new, she didn't know where those were located.
Upon entering the park, there were three roads to pick from, each leading to a different section of the zoo. Her parents and brother decided to take the middle road first and, despite her desperate situation, MaryBeth picked the right road, dead set on being alone. How ironic that if she had just followed her parents around the bend of the middle road she would have found the restrooms she so desired. Going the way she had chosen she had a good twenty–minute march to the next rest area.
Ten minutes into her walk, MaryBeth swore she was going to burst. The pressure in her bladder still seemed to be growing and it was so full her jeans felt somewhat tighter. She was panting from the fight to hold it in, and she knew everyone she passed gave her a glance, not because of her looks, but because of her situation. To make matters worse, her road had taken her through the Desert Dwellers section of the zoo and there wasn't so much as a shrub for her to squat by.
Another five minutes passed and finally she couldn't take it anymore. She jammed her hands between her legs and clutched her crotch tightly, then took off in a desperate run.
In two minutes, the rest area was in her sight. She could smell the aroma of grilled hamburgers and fires drifting through the air and could hear the causal chatter of families at lunch. Also, she could barely make out the sign that read 'RESTROOMS.'
But her luck didn't hold out. Her bladder was so full it was causing her pain and every step she took another small spurt found its way out of her pee–hole. Finally, she could take it no longer and released her hold in front of more than one hundred people.
She was whimpering and crying silently as it happened. She moved her hands and bent slightly at her knees with her legs spread just a little. Instantly a river of golden water poured out of her. It flooded her panties and poured from her jeans, as though someone had turned a faucet on insider her pants. The urine soaked the seat of her pants quickly, and she felt its warmth seeping down her thighs and drenching the sides and back of her jeans. Stray streams filtered around to her front, dampening it as well and she could feel what didn't stain her jeans cascade down her legs and add its weight to her socks.
For what seemed like an eternity she stood there peeing, and when her bladder had finally emptied she was a sight to see. Scarcely a dry spot remained on her jeans and she stood in a pool of her own yellow urine. When the relief had passed, she noticed the cold snickering from the crowd around her. An older lady told her she wasn't a baby anymore and she should be ashamed of herself.
MaryBeth's upper lip quivered and she burst into tears. Trying to shut out the jibes she heard, the humiliated girl dashed back to her parents' car where she removed her pants, covered herself with a towel and remained until her family returned.
AnimePee