Things have taken an unlikely turn at my workplace. I feel very fortunate to have met Tanja, but sometimes wish that it had happened outside the workplace. I doubt I would have been as fortunate with her at a bar or a club. It was something that was destined to happen exactly the way it did. Tanja and I hadn't even gone out together outside of work or even talked on the phone. I didn't know anything about her life outside of what I had seen at work. I didn't know if she had a boyfriend or even girlfriends other than Selena. I wanted to know more about Tanja and considered asking her about her life, but was afraid to come across as interrogating. Tanja was a free–spirited woman, willing to take life by the horns and never backing down from a new adventure. I was crazy about her.
The only drawback of life with Tanja was that she got me into heaps of trouble at work. I had only been at work for 2 weeks and she had somehow managed to make me wet my pants three times, with one of the accidents happening at a company meeting with all my co–workers and boss present. Mr. Brokovich had sent Tanja and I home that Friday afternoon, with nothing but a stern look and a notice of a meeting in his office first thing Monday morning. He hadn't even offered anything to protect our car seats from our drenched clothes. 
Tanja didn't appear the least bit worried. In fact, she was very excited by the events of that afternoon. She had even invited me over to her apartment once we were out of the building. I was completely humiliated and worried sick about my job. I could not imagine how Tanja could even think about sex at that moment.
All weekend long, I thought of what would happen on Monday morning. I was embarrassed and scared stiff at the thought of having to explain why Tanja and I had both wet ourselves within a five minute span. I wanted to call Tanja to discuss what we could do, but did not even have her number. There was no number listed in the phone book either, a growing trend with more cell phone owners. I also considered not showing up on Monday, which would surely mean I would be fired, having been on the job for only two weeks. I even thought about quitting to avoid the humiliation of facing my boss and co–workers. However, that would mean giving up the job I had studied so hard for and maybe never seeing Tanja again.
On Monday morning, I walked into work more nervous than I had ever been in my life. I had arrived at work right on time, praying that my boss's door would be open so I would not have to wait outside, having to face my co–workers walking by to their own offices. As I approached Mr. Brokovich's office, I saw that he and Tanja were already seated, conversing.
I could hear Tanja's voice as I waited outside the open door waiting to be invited in. "It was all my mistake, sir. I took David out to a lunch to celebrate his two–week anniversary at the firm. I am so proud of his hard work and really wanted to treat him to a nice lunch, so I took him to my favourite restaurant on the other side of town. The problem is that it is really popular and gets really busy. Our meals took a long time to arrive and we ate as fast as we could to get back in time for the meeting. We both needed the restroom but we decided to wait until we got back to the office because we were running late. On the way back, we got stuck in traffic and made it back just in time for the meeting. David is really committed to his job and insisted on going straight to the boardroom, so we didn't miss anything important. I should have asked you to hold off the meeting for a few minutes, so that we could use the toilets. It's all my fault."
Tanja put her head in her hands started sobbing. It was an Oscar–worthy acting performance and Mr. Brokovich fell for it– hook, line, and sinker. 
He quickly tried to comfort the beautiful young lady in front of him. "It's quite alright, Tanja.... it's okay, don't cry now... Accidents happen; it's no big deal."
Tanja dried off her eyes with a tissue from her pocket. She was dressed more conservatively than usual in a loose red dress that went down to her knees. She wore matching red ribbon bow ties in her hair, completing the good little girl look I suspected she was going for. 
Mr. Brokovich just then noticed me standing at the door and gestured for me to come in. I entered the office and sat down. "Tanja has explained everything to me, David. I don't want you to worry about the mishap on Friday. I'll make sure that everybody here understands that it was all an unfortunate accident and no mischief was intended." 
"Thank you sir," I replied, awed by what Tanja had just pulled off.
"I want you to feel comfortable here, David. I understand that you were concerned about missing the meeting so you persuaded Tanja to proceed directly to the boardroom after lunch. I want you to know I am very understanding of my employees' needs. If you ever get in a situation where you need something from me, delaying a meeting for a few minutes for example, all you have to do is ask. I am very willing to work with you, as long as you are not going against the interests of the company. Is that clear?"
"Yes sir, I understand," I replied glancing at Tanja, who winked discretely and wiggled her bum in her chair. She was desperate. Why was I not surprised?
"Very good. I am impressed by your hard work so far and I hope that it will continue," turning to the still–sniffling Tanja. "Are you going to be okay, Tanja?"
"Yes, Mr. Brokovich. Thank you so much for understanding. I was afraid I was going to lose my job." She said the last sentence in an especially worried tone, bursting into tears again.
I cleared my throat to stifle a laugh. She was really taking this thing out to the cleaners. I doubted that even Steven Spielberg could tell if she was acting or not. This was definitely not the first time Tanja had gotten herself out of a mess, or a puddle for that matter.
Mr. Brokovich's eyes opened wide, genuine concern on his face. "Tanja, I did not mean to scare you on Friday. I am very sorry at the way I behaved. I should not have gotten angry with you for something that was an accident. I want to offer both of you tickets to an all expenses paid one–week holiday in Puerto Vallarta in August. I was going to surprise my wife, but Mexican food doesn't suit her stomach well anyway. She has always wanted to see Alaska; I'll book a cruise up there instead. Please accept the tickets as a symbol of my most sincere apologies" 
He paused for a moment, and then continued. "You can decide what you want to do with the tickets. Anything is absolutely fine by me. If you choose to use them, you can rest assured that the time off work will be granted and will not count in your sick leave allowance. I will drop the tickets off at your office as soon as I speak with my travel agent. She would want to know that I am giving the tickets away to avoid any misunderstandings later."
I almost fell off my chair. Tanja was not only a knockout, but also a miracle worker. I had walked into work expecting to be disciplined if not fired, and instead I was sitting here with tickets to a one–week holiday, one month from now with the prettiest, smartest, greatest woman I had ever known.
"Thank you very much, sir," Tanja said, standing up to leave the office. I heard a slight crinkling noise, but Mr. Brokovich hadn't seemed to notice it. I followed Tanja out of the office. Mr. Brokovich was behind us so I had to start walking back to my office. I wanted nothing more than to grab Tanja and show her how much I loved her right there and then in the hall. She seemed to be walking little more gingerly than usual. Her hips and butt appeared to be a bit larger as well. It was probably because I had only seen her in tight skirts before now, I reasoned.
I heard Mr. Brokovich's door shut behind me. Looking back, I saw that there was no one else in the hall so I swiftly turned around and almost sprinted to Tanja's office. I opened the door burst in. 
Tanja and I looked at each other for a brief moment; it was all we needed to communicate our thoughts to each other. We rushed into each other's arms, kissing passionately and rubbing our hands all over the other's body. I felt her grind her pelvis into mine, making the same crinkling sound as before but louder this time. It felt bulky and soft. I reached up her skirt and felt her behind. She was wearing a diaper.
I lowered her body down to the ground, with me ending up on top of her. She let out a short, but very audible gasp as my weight pushed down on her abdominal region. She shifted uncomfortably on the floor as I continued to French kiss her, grinding against her.
"What's the matter?" I asked, already knowing the answer.
"Nothing."
"Why are you wearing a diaper? Afraid of having another accident?" I teased. I could tell she liked it.
"You're not exactly a big boy yourself," she responded wryly. "At least I have the sense to take the precaution of wearing a diaper so I don't wet my pants like you."
She tried to wriggle down, attempting to redistribute my weight to her stomach area. I grabbed her wrists to hold her firmly in place. I could feel the large bulge from her very full bladder. She really did need to pee. She must have drunk a lot of liquid before coming to work.
I reached down to Tanja's abdominal area and began to push down on it rhythmically. She was breathing heavily, gasping every time I pressed down on her bloated bladder. I wondered if she was losing control and squirting in her diaper. I reached down lower to the waist–strap of her diaper. She moaned, anticipating what was coming next. She had done up the strap tightly, but I managed to squeeze my hand in, producing another gasp from Tanja. I slowly moved my hand down, feeling her short public hair. I could tell she had already peed a little from the moistness in her diaper. I continued to reach further into the diaper until my fingers reached her pussy. I slowly massaged her clitoris with my forefinger, producing a mix of moans and gasps. I could tell she was really enjoying the sensation, but it was also making it more difficult for her to hold her pee. She was hanging on tight trying to prevent a complete accident, evident from her sweaty wriggling body.
"Your diaper is wet, Tanja. You are a very bad girl," I whispered softly.
"Mmmmmm." That was the only response I got from Tanja. She had closed her eyes and tilted her head back. Her melon–shaped breasts were rising and dipping in harmony with her deep breaths. I felt warm wetness on my fingers. Tanja had squirted again. I felt her push up her pussy into my fingers. She wanted more. I sped up my slow prodding of her clitoris into a more rigorous rubbing action. I could feel her clitoris expand and harden further.
She was really moving now, grinding back and forth with my hand inside in diaper. I could feel a different wetness on my finger now. It was stickier, oozing out of her vagina. She was getting very wet, very excited. She squirted again, moaning softly. I suspected she was trying hard to stifle her cries of pleasure, knowing the consequences of getting caught in this act at work. And just as well too. There was a knock at her door.
I looked at Tanja in panic. She smiled. What was she thinking? We had just gotten out of a major blunder and would surely be fired if we got caught now. I couldn't risk losing my job like this. I would never be rehired with this on my record. My degree would be as worthless as toilet paper. Another knock.
Coming to my senses, I pulled my hand out of Tanja's wet diaper and desperately looked for a place to hide. Under the desk? No, my legs and feet would be seen. In the cupboard? Perfect. I rushed to my feet and opened Tanja's cupboard to reveal spare clothing, diapers, a dildo, even a bondage kit with handcuffs, and straps. There were boxes of work files as well. I quickly got into the cupboard and tried to shut it. The door jammed a bit leaving a small crack open. Tanja had already gotten up and opened her office door so I didn't dare force it and risk making noise. It was Mr. Brokovich. The back of Tanja's head blocked his face, but I could hear his voice.
"Hello, Tanja. I am here to give you the ticket I promised earlier. I went down to David's office first, but he seems to be away at the moment."
"Oh yes, he just went to the washroom a minute ago. He should be back to return the key soon. I'll give him his ticket if you want."
I could see that Tanja was really desperate. The massaging of her womanhood seemed to have multiplied her desperation. She was dancing on the spot, constantly shuffling her feet. Her hands were clenched into tight fists, often grabbing the sides of her dress. She was dangerously close to losing control. I wondered if her diaper would overflow if she wet herself. I knew the same concern was on her mind.
Mr. Brokovich handed her the tickets. "Great. Just do me one favour. Please keep this arrangement between the three of us. I can't afford to have something like this spread around the office, because some employees might feel as if I am favouring you two over everyone else."
Mr. Brokovich looked uncomfortable, though nothing compared to Tanja. She seemed beyond eager to end this conversation with her boss.
"Sure thing. I'll pass the message on David when I see him." She bent her knees and leaned forward trying to maintain control of her very full bladder.
Mr. Brokovich smiled warmly and started to turn away when he noticed the involuntary gesture. 
"Is everything OK, Tanja?"
Tanja lost control. I could tell. Her body, twisting violently just moments ago, was now standing perfectly still. Her arms were at her sides completely relaxed, hands open. She was peeing in her diaper. She struggled to stem the flow before the flood inside her escaped completely and wet the diaper beyond its capacity. I knew it would be hard for her to close the dam once it had been opened. I had experienced this first–hand just days before. Yet somehow, Tanja regained control and stopped peeing. She looked at Mr. Brokovich right in the eyes and smiled convincingly.
"I'm fine, sir. Thanks for your concern." I could see a trickle of pee running down the back of her leg. I wondered how much pee was still inside of her, pushing on her urethra demanding release.
Mr. Brokovich looked at the strong, perfectly composed, well–dressed woman in front of him and decided his eyes must be playing tricks on him. 
"Alright then, Tanja, I'll be in my office if you need anything."
Not half a second after her boss turned to leave, Tanja closed the door shut and leaned her back against it. She let out a loud gasp and gave in to her bladder's needs. The diaper could not hold all of Tanja's water. Rivulets flowed down her long slender legs, forming a lake at her feet. She closed her eyes and moaned again, this time out of sheer relief.
I opened up the bondage kit in the closet and found a ball gag. I quickly stepped out of the closet and gagged Tanja, who still had her eyes closed.
"Let's get you cleaned up, you dirty girl," I scolded. I roughly dragged her to her desk and lifted her on to it, in the lying down position. I lifted up her dress and took off her soaked diaper. I stuck my face into her body's most private area and sniffed the sweet fragrance of her urine and cum. I licked her vaginal lips. Her entire body shook. I continued lick around her vagina, tasting her sweet juices. I knew she was moaning, if not screaming behind the mouth gag. I could see her clitoris throbbing. It was hard, erect, wishing to be licked.
"Not yet," I thought to myself. I kept teasing Tanja, licking all around her vagina, inching closer but not quite getting to that all–too–important part of her body, the clitoris. Tanja's body was quivering all over. Her feet and toes were stretched out as far as possible. Her hands clenched the sides of the table. Her head was tilted back, eyelids shut firmly. Her hair was soaked with her sweat, spread out all over the table. Her pussy was dripping wet with a seemingly endless supply of sweet sticky cum that I was more than happy to lick up.
I finally licked her clitoris. The moment my lips touched the small, erect mountain, Tanja's quiver turned into an earthquake. Her body shook with indescribable pleasure. Her arms flailed wildly, knocking items off the desk. Her legs flew off the desk completely and were now in the air. I sucked on her mound for all of thirty seconds before she reached her pinnacle. Her arms and legs crashed down on the desk, elbows and feet planting firmly. Her thighs stiffened and squeezed hard on the sides of my head. Her back arched and her ass rose up off the tabletop. Her head tilted back even further, eyes wide open. She screamed with ecstasy, very audible even through the gag. I was afraid someone would hear her orgasmic howls, but didn't dare stop pleasuring her until I was certain she had climaxed. 
Finally, it was over. Her body relaxed and fell to the desk, fully exhausted. Her arms and legs lay still, tired from all the thrashing about the limbs had done seconds earlier. Her breasts heaved up and down as she tried to catch her breath after the exhilarating workout. I removed the gag from her mouth, so she could breathe through her mouth again. "Thanks," she gasped gratefully.
There was just one thing left to do. I took Tanja's soiled diaper and threw it into the trashcan beside her desk. I took a new diaper out of the cupboard and dressed her in it carefully before leaving the office. She was my baby. 
By: Full Bladder