Title: A Lady Must Manage

By: Hamish

'Oh mother!' Elizabeth thought as she resisted the increasingly insistent need to attend to a very personal matter. Again she glanced around the carriage for something to distract her. Something to frame a story round to take her mind away from considering the consequences of her plight. The carriage was depressingly devoid of interesting objects, and her fellow travellers all appeared dull and unremarkable The rain ran down the window almost obscuring the view outside. Even though she had the window seat, she saw little of interest outside. Small dreary fields with scrawny wind-swept crops, the occasional farm cottage and a stream that ran alongside the railway. As the rain reminded her again of the volume of fluid inside her, she noticed her mother look up from the book she had been reading.

Their eyes met, and Elizabeth expressed her growing need to mother by a mere gesture. A sign that would have gone unrecognised by anyone else, but such was the bond between mother and daughter as to make it possible for each to know the feelings, needs and desires of the other without having to utter a sound. Her mother's reply was just as silent, but expressed her concern and understanding of her daughters need. It contained within it the instruction to wait, no matter how difficult that might be, she had to wait. At the same time, her lips silently formed the words 'half-an-hour'.

Elizabeth was gratified to know her mother now understood, and that they would be arriving at the small village of Rookley quite soon, which was their destination. Now that she had shared her problem with her mother, she smiled an acknowledgement and was pleased to see the concern on her mother's face dissolve into a loving supportive smile. Elizabeth loved and trusted her mother implicitly and had long-ago shared her very personal fears and anxieties about the outcome from circumstances such as the one now facing her. Her mother had given her a lot of support and practical advice on how to cope with every conceivable dilemma. Mother had supported and helped her to cope by actually encouraging her to live-out several of her worst fears, and to do this in the comfort and secrecy of home, so to better prepare her for real situations that might lead to the worst outcome - wetting!. 

Something her mother knew all too well from her own experiences, would be the misfortune of every lady from time to time. Elizabeth thought back to the first time her mother had asked her to try and accept there would be times when she would not have access to a toilet when she most needed one and would need to find a way of 'letting go' while sitting or standing. She had just turned nineteen and was aware of how she had changed from a girl into a young lady. 

Mother had told her that it was essential that a young lady become familiar with the emotions associated with wetting, to avoid letting anyone else know what she had been forced through sheer necessity to do. She would also need to learn how to prolong her endurance by making a few short spurts as her need increased, rather than waiting until she lost control completely. She remembered being very embarrassed, but remembering several occasions when she had been really desperate but just held out, made her realise that her mother was right - and she really wanted to be treated as a lady.. 

Her mother had asked her to drink freely during the afternoon, so as to develop her control, and to let her know as her need for relief become more pressing. She taught her how to express her need through a number of gestures, non of which would mean anything to the casual observer. This would be their own secret language. She thought she was coping well but her mother told her that she was not in control of her emotions since she was reddening noticeably and moving around in her seat too frequently. When she actually felt herself becoming wet she turned bright red and started trembling.

The warm wetness also gave rise to a gasp. Mother was most stern in her recriminations of her daughter's tell-tale display. She was expected to show no signs whatsoever, even though the sensation of warmth and wetness during her release were overwhelmingly powerful. Mother let her daughter go to be attended by Emily her maid, saying 'You did well my dear. I know how difficult it is for you, but you will cope - you'll see'. She had dreaded letting Emily see what she had done, and how urgently she still needed to use the toilet, but she had no choice.

Emily was kind, understanding and attended to her mistresses need quickly. Emily had attended her mother on a number of occasions when her mother's wet underwear spoke of a struggle that had finally exceeded her endurance. One lesson she had learned from having to wee while seated was that in spite of wearing many petticoats, the back of her gown would get thoroughly soaked for all to see the clinging heavy silk announce to the world the reason why it dragged and clung so. There would be no concealing the fact that the wearer had been overwhelmed by her need for relief. If a lady was standing however, the outcome might be a little more bearable.

She thought about the story she had heard about the railway making use of carriages with a corridor to provide access to a toilet compartment. All the carriages Elizabeth had ever seen had no such facilities. Then she got to thinking how might a lady make use of such a facility. Was it conceivable that a lady could arrange to gain relief in the confines of what must be a very small enclosure? What about the jolting and rolling of the train? She concluded that even if this train had been equipped with the new style carriages, she was not at all sure that she would be so bold as to attempt to use whatever facilities existed. Perhaps when ones endurance was totally exhausted, one might, she concluded. She knew all too well that even that option was not open to her in this carriage. She had to wait, even though she was feeling much closer to her limit of endurance now. She slowly crossed her legs. This was her only comfort, such as it was.

She knew that above all else, she must not let anyone else deduce from her posture or movements that she was in distress. Mother never crossed her legs. She was of an age when it was not the done thing, but Elizabeth could get away with it, provided she sat completely straight and still. Elizabeth was unsure of how much time had passed since she had 'spoken' to mother of her need, but thought it must have been at least fifteen minutes, so only another fifteen minutes to endure. She was resigned to obtaining relief as soon as she could, and imagined finding a quiet spot outside the station where she could stand for a moment or two while ridding herself of enough of her water to make the rest of the journey possible. Then she remembered that her father would be meeting them at the station, so finding an opportunity to stand awhile might not be easy, and she was sure she couldn't tell father of her urgent need.

She was quite sure she could not hope to cope with the bumpy ride home in the carriage without first reducing her need, but how was she going to arrange to linger for a while somewhere. At least the rain would have produced some puddles on the platform, so if she let it all go immediately upon disembarking, the resulting extra puddle would go unnoticed. Just then a really strong spasm overwhelmed her and she was unable to prevent some of her long-contained water from escaping. She bit her lip and clamped off the flow almost immediately, but mother saw the flush come to her cheeks and guessed what had happened.

Elizabeth quickly nodded to show she was in control and nothing serious had happened. She felt the sudden warmth between her legs and visualised how the normally caressing silk of her knickers would now drag, and clink with every movement she would be forced to make. How her innermost petticoat would also change its nature from a its usual caressing touch to a tormentor that would remind her with every small movement of what she had done. Her greatest fear was that she might be unable to suppress the excitement and arousal that she knew always followed, from previous 'accidents'. She had never dared to tell her mother about the shameful and wicked feelings it gave her. That was her darkest secret, but she often wondered if mother had these feelings too.

Elizabeth had found out from Emily that her mother had had more than her share of accidents, since Emily had revealed that her mother had a 'weakness down there'. Elizabeth was unsure exactly what that meant - did it mean a weakness towards becoming stimulated by the feeling of wet silk rubbing against her vagina?. She dare not ask! She though how remarkably well mother must have concealed her needs since if Emily had not told her, she would never have known that her mother had ever experienced this dilemma. She was sorry that her mother had not confided in her during such times, it might have made her own predicament easier to come to terms with, but it showed her how well ones emotions could be controlled, at least outwardly. Elizabeth wanted to emulate her mothers example.

Suddenly, the train jolted and slowed alarmingly, followed by a squeal of breaks as the train finally came to rest. As she glanced about her she saw looks of surprise on the faces of her fellow travellers but her own face expressed anxiety, as did her mother's. She rubbed the window and looked out onto a featureless field. Clearly something had happened - some kind of accident perhaps. This reminded her of her own accident, and unless the train started again soon, of the bigger accident that must inevitably follow. Another urge came to her suddenly and she found herself grasping her mothers hand for support. Mothers squeeze and the loving concerned look in her eyes helped Elizabeth overcome her involuntarily relaxing muscles. The urge passed.

"Elizabeth dear - I know. We're not far from home. I'm sure the train will soon be on its way again." Her mother consoled her.

Elizabeth smiled although she was sure she was close to losing control. Mother know how close she was to her limit of endurance, but with strangers in earshot, she couldn't say more without letting them learn of the poor girls dilemma, and what more was there to say. Elizabeth's only salvation would require immediate access to a toilet, and the assistance of a ladies- maid to help her disrobe. In reality, the best she could hope for was an opportunity to relieve herself while standing, the worst was losing control totally while sitting down. She imagined the flood soaking through her petticoats and her gown, even soaking into the seat. She glanced down to her lap to consider how the rich blue silken gown would look when her embarrassing accident became plain for everyone to see. Leaving the train would then bring with it a whole chain of dreadfully embarrassing moments. She simply had to hold on until she could stand up.

After what seemed like an age, but must have only been a few minutes, she heard the crunch of footsteps on gravel. Someone was walking towards the engine. Her mother had already started to lower the window. She heard her mother ask the man outside the question she desperately needed to know - would the delay be long? She looked out of the window but could only see the cap and shoulders of what must have been the guard. She heard him say that a bull had strayed onto the line, and that every effort was being made to persuade the animal to return to its field.

He added that the station was just round the bend ahead. Mother then asked the guard if they could perhaps be permitted to walk the short distance to the station, as further delay would be very inconvenient. His reply must have been a rejection of mothers request since mother then added that it was regarding a matter of some considerable urgency. She expressed the need as delicately as a lady might, yet left the guard in no doubt as to the reason for the request. The fact that she had implied that the urgency of the situation related to her own dilemma rather than her daughter's was so understanding. She strained to hear his reply, and hoped to God that he would allow them to escloak the confines of the carriage - this torture chamber.

"Oh I see marm, but I'm afraid it's against regulations, sorry marm!" came the reply. Her heart sank. How could he be so unreasonable. Surely a small broken rule was not too much to ask. Men were so insensitive! She was about to give in to the inevitable when two of the men in the carriage stood up, one called out to the guard that they would help get the bull off the line, and approached the door. Elizabeth would have to move for them to get out, and as she stood up, almost immediately she started wetting again. This time it was strong and powerful, and gushed from her for a full three seconds before she was able to stem the flow. The shock made her sway slightly, and she caught the arm of the man closest to her to steady herself.

"Steady miss" he said as she fought to regained her composure. Mother quickly took her arm and they both moved away from the door as the two men climbed down. As soon as the door was closed again, Elizabeth leaned out of the carriage window, pressing her gloved hands into her lap to provide some relief. She needed to get some cool air on her flushed cheeks. Her heart was pounding as she became fully aware of her profound wetness. She gasped in the clear cool air as she felt the wetness start to run down her legs. Another urge developed and this time she let go another massive jet until the urge had passed, stemming the flow again. Letting it all go would have been such wonderful relief, but experience told her to resist in these circumstances. 

If she had been allowed down from the carriage she would now be totally relieved of her burden, since letting it all go quickly, with her legs held slightly apart, would allow most of her wee to 'stream', so only a little would have had the chance to soak into to underwear. As it was, she dare not allow a puddle to appear on the carriage floor, so she had no option but to reduce her burden for now. She took her hands away from her lap as she thought how the wetness might seep through while all the layers were being squeezed together so tightly. 

Her petticoats would get very wet, but provided she did not sit down again, her gown might remain dry, and so her accident would go unnoticed. She could see the signal box in the distance, and she knew the station was just beyond, but as she looked she saw one of the two men that had left her carriage. He was level with the end of the carriage and looking between the carriages. She thought this strange, surely the bull must be some way ahead, but then she saw the curving stream of water leaving his body - HE WAS RELIEVING HIMSELF! She was stunned to see such a despicable act, but was instantly fascinated, amazed and envious of the ease with which he had obtained the relief he must have needed. She so desperately wanted to do the same, and again she lost control as she watched and wished. 

She gasped, stopped herself, and withdrew from the window. She felt a wave a shame come over her. She had watched a man in the act of relieving himself, and what was worse - she wanted to watch! For the first time today, she realised how close she was to having an organism, right there is the carriage. She had to get a grip on herself, but the image of the young man relieving himself would not leave her mind. She wanted to sit down but dare not. She was so afraid that her mother might read her aroused state from her manner, but for a while she balanced on the very edge of her emotional peak before finally getting a grip. As she stood there the door opened and in came the young man she had been watching. This was too much, and she collapsed into a seat and brought her handkerchief to her eyes to hide her embarrassment.

She glanced quickly at the young man. He seemed not to have noticed her state, and she was sure he thought his actions had gone unnoticed. He took his seat again, saying 'we should soon be under way again' in her direction. She managed to acknowledge his statement with a small nod. She saw for the first time how handsome he was. She had to get a grip on herself quickly. At least the ache she had endured for so long had lessened its intensity just a bit. She was sure she could still wee a river, but for the first time in ages, she now thought she might manage to endure the rest of the journey. 

She smiled in reply to her mothers very anxious glance, and saw much of the concern evaporate from mother's face. Elizabeth held her mother's hand and gave it a loving squeeze. Thank God her mother had not looked out of the window while the man was doing what he had to, she would have probably reported the despicable act to the guard, and the nice young man didn't deserve being shamed, but she was wonderfully thrilled to have seen it. The flush of excitement it gave her would be remembered for years to come, and it was her own very private secret.

Soon, the second man returned and the train started to move again. Elizabeth was contented, but was sure the back of her gown was wet, but there was nothing she could do about it. They quickly reached the station and almost immediately mother opened the door. None of the other passengers had moved, so it seemed that only Elizabeth and her mother would be leaving the train. Elizabeth stood slowly, very aware of the feeling of her wet petticoats. As her mother draped her cloak round her shoulders she ran her gloved hand down the back of her gown and immediately felt it become slightly wet. She trembled as she realised that her accident would not remain a secret. As she turned, she glanced down at the seat to see a dark stain on the upholstery. 

She was horrified! She saw the look on the young man's face that told her that he also had noticed the wet seat. His mouth was open and his eyes were wide as his stare went from the seat to Elizabeth's gown. Then he looked up and their eyes met. In an instant his expression changed to one of sympathy, but Elizabeth was quick to get away. She strode out towards the door, hearing the swish of her gown as she moved. As mother helped her down from the carriage, she could feel the eyes on her back. At least her cloak was long enough to hide the wettest part on the back of her gown. He looked at her gloved hand, the one she had tested the back of her gown with. It felt wet but it wasn't noticeable. "Elizabeth dear" her mother said in a warm supportive tone. "Can you manage now until we get home?"

"I believe so, but I'm awfully wet already." She whispered.

"Yes, I saw the back of your gown as you stood up - it's soaked, but your cloak hides it. Remember, no one else knows, so just pretend nothing has happened" her mother whispered in reply. Obviously mother hadn't seen the look on the young man's face - or perhaps she was just trying to reassure her.

"Here comes daddy" Elisabeth exclaimed with a degree of alarm in her voice. Could she hide her accident form father. He was very observant, and not very understanding about these matters. Mother, quite rightly had instructed her not to mention matters of her toilet to any man. She remembered asking if this included father, to which the reply had been that father was typical of most men - unsympathetic to a ladies needs. 'A lady must manage' was her mothers phrase that summed it up quite well. Mother turned and greeted Edward. He kissed her on the cheek and asked if they had had a pleasant journey. Mother replied that apart from the hold-up it had been most enjoyable. Father took Elizabeth's had and kissed her lightly on the cheek. Elizabeth was flushed, but kept her composure. "you look very well Elizabeth. I trust you enjoyed the outing?" he said with a warm welcoming smile.

"Oh yes thank you father." She managed to say in a remarkably steady voice, considering how her heart was pounding.

As she spoke, she realised that she had actually enjoyed the whole episode. Especially seeing the young man doing what he had to. It had been a heady mixture of excitement, fear and embarrassment. Telling mother the whole troth would have been unthinkable. This made her 'secrets' all the more exciting.

They started to walk slowly along the platform. Elizabeth was very aware of her wetness as even the swishing of her gown sounded more sensuous and rich as the wet silk moved over her equally wet petticoats. She strode out and revelled in the unfamiliar feelings she was having. Shameful excitement! They were soon outside the station. Father assisted them both as they stepped up onto the carriage. He then climbed up and took up the reins. Elizabeth had pulled in her cloak as she mounted the carriage and the contact of her wet petticoats on the back of her legs made her gasp slightly, but father didn't notice.

After a few flicks of the reins, they were moving. Home was a leisurely five mile ride from the station. The first three miles were on cobbled roads with the remainder over a rough road and track. She had often found riding in the carriage exciting. The rhythmic 'clop-clop-clop' of the horses hooves on the cobbles, the shaking and jolting of the seat that aroused very pleasant feelings inside her. Tonight, controlling her emotions was already proving difficult. The gentle swaying, shaking and bumping was sending waves of pleasure through her frame. Her wet underwear was making every movement more noticeable. She could feel the pull and tug of her silk knickers with every movement, as if enticing more of her wee to leave her distended bladder. It was intoxicating.

She could feel her breasts moving, becoming firm. She revelled in the way her corset inflicted its discipline on her young body. She could feel her heart pounding. Above all else she could feel her bladder rhythmically contracting - reminding her that she still had a very strong need of a toilet. She tried bearing down on her bladder, but this intensified the need beyond her endurance so she pushed gently instead and once again felt the warmth between her legs as she started weeing. Her pulse raced. She was close to fainting as the warmth spread underneath her and down her legs. Spasms of pleasure were surging through her entire body, and as she thought again of the young man weeing by the side of the train. Her wee was running freely from her she had the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. She was lost to the world as her senses were overwhelmed. It was too much for her to endure, and she fainted.

When she became aware again of her surroundings, she realised she was being cradled in her mothers arms. She looked up into her mother's eyes and saw the concern dissolve away.

"Mummy" she started to sob.

"Shush there. I know" her mother said in a soft and supportive voice as she gently rocked her daughter back and forth.

Elizabeth was starting to feel cold and looked forward to getting home, but how could she avoid having father see what she had done. Even her cloak was wet at the back now. At least the diminishing light of evening would help. She thought how she might feel when Emily came to her aid, but there was no hiding what had happened. Emily would think it very strange if Elizabeth declined her assistance in attending her upon her return. No, she would just have to take Emily's help and bear the embarrassment as best she could, but the thought of a bath and warm dry clothes was very welcoming indeed.

The carriage turned off the road, such as it was, onto the track that lead to the house, and then they were alongside the front door. Emily, hearing their arrival opened the door, and Elizabeth braved herself for the short dash inside. It was almost dark, and father was staying at the reigns ready to drive the carriage into the courtyard, so her spirits rose slightly at the prospect of getting indoors with her secret intact. She was helped down from the carriage by her mother, who was obscuring fathers view of the back of her cloak. She walked the short distance to the door as quickly as she could but the feel of totally soaked petticoats on her legs sent a shiver through her frame.

"There my dear, the ordeal's over now. Father didn't notice" her mother said warmly.

Elizabeth gave her mother a smile, but as Emily took her cloak and quickly realised what her mistress had done - what she had had to endure, Elizabeth found herself being swept along. Being helped upstairs. Emily was so understanding she thought.

"Come on miss, soon have out of those wet things" Emily whispered supportively as she started to undo the laces of her bodice. "I'm so sorry Emily. I feel so dreadfully ashamed of what happened" Elizabeth said softly.

"Oh, don't worry miss, these things happen." She said reassuringly. That night, when Elizabeth had finished with the day and lay awake in bed - contented and warm, she thought back on the events of the day and secretly, very secretly, accepted that she had actually enjoyed what had happened. The excitement she had felt on seeing the young man do what he had to do, the tingling excitement of the ride in the carriage home and the intensity of the orgasm she had had were all remembered. As she drifted off to sleep, she knew she would relive today's adventures in her mind for years to come. She also knew that this would not be the last time she would have to face the 'ladies dilemma', but so what - enjoying it would be her private little secret.

Her mother's thoughts that evening were how well her daughter had managed to hide her feelings. She remembered her own first encounter with a lady's dilemma many years before, and that she had not coped as well. How she had broken down and cried. She also wondered if her daughter had secretly enjoyed the feeling of the warm, wet petticoats dragging on her legs as she walked. Probably not, she thought. That secret pleasure was her own peculiar shameful fancy.

As Emily finally got to bet, too tired for much thought after all the extra work of attending to Elizabeth's wet things, she did just have time to dream of swapping places with Elizabeth. How it must feel to have such fine clothes to wear!

Father, on the other hand went to sleep unaware of the drama Elizabeth had been forced to act out during her ordeal but he had noticed the wet carriage seat as he unbridled the horse. He could ask Elizabeth if she had anything to tell him about why the seat was wet where she had been sitting, but he knew she would just reply with 'A lady must manage'.

