Lunambra2-7

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Seven - Name

Two days passed since the approaching army was spotted on the horizon. The city was prepared for war, and all able men were armed and armored in preparation. Lunambra did not draft soldiers, rather all men were soldiers, trained from childhood. Such a small city could not afford to have weak men.

Baeden awoke to a knock on his door. "My son, General Gaston calls for you. May I enter?"

Baeden cursed and quickly threw his thick blanket over Marina's naked form. She was still asleep, and she gasped as he shoved her towards the back of the bed. She caught on quickly though, and stayed still and silent. "Enter," he called, covering himself with a sheet. The door creaked open, and Queen Jenara stepped in, already wearing the ornate red and black dress that female Royalty wore during wartime.

"Are you prepared for today, Baeden? Your men stand ready on the walls, the ballistae are loaded, and the trenches are dug."

"That is good news," Baeden said. "What does Gaston want with me?"

"I've been told that an ambassador from Jarkan's army has approached the southern gate in the dead of night, and has been waiting there since. A woman who claims she is a sorceress, but you know how that goes. A bit of food dye in a glass of water and suddenly everyone thinks you're God's messenger. Anyway, she asks to speak with the military leader here. You had best answer her request."

"Send word to the wall that I will arrive inside of thirty minutes," Baeden yawned.

"Of course," Jenara confirmed. "Another thing, have you seen Marina anywhere? All the other serving girls are already in the treasury, and I had to put on my own dress, like an animal. I'll give her a thrashing for this..."

Baeden felt the blanket behind him shift uncomfortably. "Please do not be angry at her, I sent her down to wash my best shirt just an hour ago. It is my fault."

Jenara blinked and tilted her head. "She was in here? You are not even dressed."

Baeden barked out a fake laugh. "No, she woke me by calling through the door, like you did. I told her last night that I would want my shirt washed, but she was tending to you and I had already fallen asleep by the time she came to pick it up and I did not awaken to unlock the door...I was exhausted from training. She is not to blame."

"As you say," Jenara sighed. "If you see her on your way to the wall, send her to the treasury. I will be down there shortly as well."

"Aye," Baeden agreed. Jenara stepped out and he could hear her heeled shoes clacking down the hall before fading into silence. He reached back and patted the blanket, and Marina's straight red hair poked out.

"You are a bit too good of a liar," she chuckled. "Makes me wonder if anything you've told me before is horse shite."

Baeden ran his hand through her hair. "The only thing I could never accurately explain to you is how much I love you, because there are no words in the English language strong enough to describe it."

Marina moaned quietly and pressed her face against Baeden's shoulder. How he wished he could stay here with this amazing girl, but he had a duty. He rolled away and stood, and Marina stared at his manhood that stuck to his left leg. He strode to the chamberpot and held his member, ready to relieve himself in front of her. She stretched and stood, and began walking towards him to do the same. Suddenly, the chamber shook as a thunderous crash sounded from outside the walls.

Baeden grasped Marina's arm, eyes wide. "Catapult fire. I thought I was supposed to speak with an ambassador! Get to the treasury, NOW!" Marina gave a fearful nod, pulling on her burlap clothes and sprinting from the chamber. Baeden rushed to his wardrobe, throwing on an undercoat and leather pants, and his personal suit of chainmail over it. If the attack had already started, there was no time for plate. He rushed from the room and thundered down the stairs, bolting across the courtyard and up the wooden steps to the inner wall. He followed the wall over the city, and finally he stood over the southern gate, which had been completely sealed shut, although this was impossible to see from the outside. No catapult fire had followed the first shot.

Baeden leaned over the wall and saw her standing there, a thin, young woman in a green dress that draped over the floor beneath her. She was staring angrily at the top of the wall, leaning slightly forwards with her arms held in front of her. Baeden climbed onto the stone barrier, grasping Lunambra's flag for support. "MY NAME IS PRINCE BAEDEN, HEIR TO THE KINGDOM OF LUNAMBRA. YOU COME WITH SIEGE ENGINES AND AN ARMY, YET YOU STAND THERE AS THOUGH YOU SEEK PEACE. RETREAT, FOR YOU SHALL FIND NO PEACE HERE."

The woman continued to stare at him. "My name is Kaitlen Marel, though I should not have to tell *you* that. I am the most powerful and feared sorceress on this continent, and if you will not hear my words, I will burn this city to the ground with no more than a thought."

"If you could do that, why do you need the catapults, I wonder?" Baeden grinned as the woman's mouth curled into a frown. "Speaking of catapults, I heard one fire. What was that about?"

"A simple test fire into the dirt next to the castle," Kaitlen spat. "The rest will be far more accurate."

"Tell me what you want, witch," Baeden shouted. "I am a busy man, and have little time for games."

"This can come to a peaceful solution," Kaitlen yelled back. "All our Lord asks is that you return the hundred kilometers of land you claimed from us thirty years ago. We must expand our farmlands and open new trade routes, and your old King has made it very difficult."

Baeden went quiet. He was unaware that they had even claimed land from Jarkan in the past. He turned around and whispered to a guard; "Fetch my mother, she is likely in the treasury." The guard nodded and ran off. Baeden turned back to Kaitlen. "I must discuss things with my mother. Wait there until she arrives." Baeden blinked as she let out an exasperated sigh, leaning even further forwards. Baeden knew that stance, she was very desperate for a pee. He grinned even wider at this, but said nothing. It was twenty minutes until Queen Jenara stepped onto the wall.

Kaitlen watched as the two remaining members of Lunambra's royal family whispered in each other's ears. Ten minutes passed, and she rubbed her thighs together, unseen under her dress. Finally, Baeden turned back to her. "As I am sure you know, Lunambra is allied with Valdus. The current monarchy has no interest in expanding to the south, you may have your land back without a struggle. No need to be summoning no hellfires, milady," he finished in a mocking accent.

"This is great news," she said, ignoring his taunt. "I will inform our general with haste. But before that, and this is embarrassing to ask, but I wonder if I may be allowed into the city and given a private place to relieve myself. You have kept me waiting here since midnight, and I have had much water to fight off the heat."

Baeden feigned deep thought for a moment. "I apologize, milady, but the gate has been sealed from the inside to defend against your siege. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't physically let you in."

Baeden grinned even wider as her eyes suddenly grew fearful. "Is there no way in? I am in an urgent state."

"No way, I'm afraid," Baeden quipped. "There's a patch of trees right there, it worked for Adam and Eve."

"Where all your soldiers can look on my body? I think not."

"If you are a sorceress, you can do something about it, eh? Teleport into the lake, or close up your holes down there, how's that work?"

"Damn you!" Kaitlen shouted. "You are a...a shameful, embarrassing, menace! And I...I must be able to concentrate to use my magics!"

"Well, sorry!" Baeden choked out, trying hard to stifle a laugh. "This is the best siege ever," he whispered quietly to the nearest guard, who bent down to cough-laugh into his fist. "Guess you can try to make it back to your camp," he finished with an exaggerated shrug.

Kaitlen let out a loud huff and turned around, slowly walking back down the road towards the catapults. Less than ten steps in, she froze. Baeden lowered his shield in front of him to hide his 'amusement' as a dark spot began to slowly spread in all directions from under her dress. She stood there for over a minute, and the wetness had spread five feet around her. Despite all this, she kept her head held high and she strode away, eventually disappearing over a hill. Her puddle had spread even further, and a line had formed, dripping off the road and into the grass.

"Well, I guess that's the end of that," said the guardsman that stood beside him. "Should I send word for the women to be released from the treasury?"


"No," Baeden said, his face growing slightly more serious. "Agreements made with ambassadors have failed before, there is still a chance of an attack. They will stay in there until the catapults are out of sight of the city."

"Aye, as you say," the guard agreed.

