Bouncing in the back seat
	A true story - names changed, 
from Squirm.

I vividly remember a night out with a group of about a dozen nurses. We went to various bars and the drink was flowing freely, I didn't have much as I was driving. By the end of the evening there was a steady stream of nurses excusing themselves and slipping off to relieve themselves. One of the girls I was beside, Fiona, was kind of trapped in the corner and I noticed that she didn't go at all during the hour or so we were in the final pub we visited. Well midnight came and we all hung about briefly on the pavement before splitting up.

Two of the nurses, Fiona and Angela, came with me for a lift back to the hospital. Fiona was now pretty drunk and Angela and I had our arms round her as we wandered slowly and happily back to the car. Fiona was wearing jeans, Angela had on a skirt split high on her thighs. We reached the car and Fiona clambered in the back, Angela sat in the front beside me. As I was starting the car I became aware of some pretty violent movement on the back seat. Fiona was bouncing vigorously up and down and banging her thighs together.

She was moving about the seat obviously struggling to contain her bursting bladder. Angela crossed her legs, showing a lot of lovely thigh. She gave no sign that she had noticed anything amiss with Fiona. Well, I became hugely turned on by the whole situation and decided, rather cruelly, that I would not drive too quickly - it was about a 20 minute journey. Although there was little traffic, there were several long sets of traffic lights and we had to stop at most of them.

For a while Fiona tried to carry on a normal conversation, albeit with rather short statements. She was all over that back seat, unable to settle. She would lean forward, her head between the front seats, breathing heavily, then slide to the side to look briefly out the window. Then back across, her legs alternately bouncing up and down, then banging her thighs together. She, as far as I could tell, managed to avoid actually holding herself. Angela chatted away apparently oblivious, it struck me later that she couldn't possibly have failed to notice.

Fiona struggled and wriggled, the back seat of my car was pretty cramped, and must have seemed like a torture-chamber. I was wishing that I could manage more than just occasional glances over my shoulder. I began to think that she would just make it and was looking forward to events when we arrived at the hospital residency. Then, a few minutes from the hospital, Fiona lay back and, apparently, went off to sleep. 

When we arrived, Angela hopped out, and I turned round. Fiona had wet herself big-time, completely soaking her jeans, and had pulled them down around her ankles. She began to cry, and I felt a bit guilty. Angela nipped off to her room and I helped Fiona up the stairs. She probably never realised just how much I enjoyed her predicament: her long struggle that had looked hopeless right from the start. I often like to imagine that moment when she finally lost it, when the contents of her bladder poured uncontrollably into her knickers and jeans, when the battle was lost. 

