My First (and best ever) Experience
My name is Julia. Though I'm still in high school, since I'm now 18, I feel liberated, in that now I can share my experiences with others. This story is about my first experience, when I first learned that peeing and watching others pee was such a turn–on for me.
Though I like boys, I like peeing with other girls more than anything else in the world, and in that aspect, I guess I'm somewhat of a bisexual. This story is told in the third person. I chose to write it this way so that I could include every event that took place, since I wasn't in the same room as some of the other girls when they peed.
Chloe, Claire, Julia, Ashley and Dani were all going over to Eliza's house one Friday afternoon a couple of weeks ago when school was over. Sleepovers at Eliza's were always fun and were far from uncommon. Eliza had the biggest apartment, the biggest TV, and best of all, the biggest dildo. Eliza had a small safe in her closet where she kept her vibrator, without fear that her parents or housecleaner could find it, and all the other girls were jealous of this feat.
Sleeping over at Eliza's usually consisted of watching movies on HBO all night, but when Eliza got home, she realized that tonight would have to be an exception.
Her parents left her a note (they were out of town for the weekend) saying that the housekeeper had accidentally broken her TV.
At first, this didn't seem like much of a problem. Chloe had no problem gossiping for an hour or two. Chloe was probably the most pretty of all of the girls, with straight blond hair and a beautiful body (that she got from dancing and playing soccer.) She talked about how hot Steven was and how annoying Gemma was, and this was working out for a while, but people started to get bored, and Eliza was getting worried that her get–together might not work out.
Eliza knew what would get everybody to be less bored, but she didn't want to just give up her vibrator (it would only provide fun for a little while.) She thought up a contest that they could play, in which the winner would get to use it. After the gossip had died down, Eliza said, "Why don't we play a game of hold–it?"
"Um, what?" Asked Dani. "Hold–it," explained Ashley (she had played before on her teen tour. "It's where you see who can hold your pee for longest. It's kinda fun." "That sounds gross," said Julia. Dani nodded in agreement. "I'm pretty bored, I guess I could play," said Claire. Before long, everybody was in agreement.
As Eliza left her bedroom to go to the kitchen, she instructed for anyone who wanted to use the bathroom to do so now. Only Chloe took her up on the offer. She returned with 12 bottles of Poland Spring and handed 2 to each of them. They each downed them, with some degree of difficulty, but before long there were at least 40 ounces of water in each of their bladders.
About a half hour later, while they were all discussing Dr. Mitchell's math class, they started feeling the build–up down there. Ashley, who had had a little experience with this game, was now remembering that she hadn't been to the bathroom since before school, was thinking that if she felt the need to pee than other people did too, so she started to squirm around. Julia, who hated the idea of peeing her pants and usually went to the bathroom 5 times a day, was also squirming around a bit, and seemed to drift off from the conversation. Eliza asked how everyone's bladders were doing, and got mixed replies.
Another half hour later, in the middle of a conversation about everyone's vacations to California, Eliza interrupts and tells them to have another glass of water. They all do and then go back to their conversation. Julia, when she stands up to get her glass, never sits back down but rather decides to lean against the wall. She paces around and never stays still. Claire reaches down her pants and down her panties to hold her crotch to help prevent the pee from gushing out. Chloe, who only grabs her crotch every once in a while, seems to be doing the best out of everyone. She is pretty much leading the conversation while everyone else just kind of tags in when they are not holding back their bladders. Eliza asks how everyone is doing and reminds them that the winner gets the vibrator.
A while later, Ashley, thinking she is about to burst, decides to let out a little pee in her pants. When she played hold–it over the summer, she remembered that letting out little spurts can help calm down the bladder. No one will notice, and it will put her ahead of the game. She lets a bit out. They can all hear the dull hissing, but no one suspects Ashley of peeing. She then grabs a hold of her crotch and pushes on it as hard as she can to stop the pee. She lets out a few grunts as she pushes with all of her might back at the pee.
Claire starts shaking madly for a bit, and then stops and grabs her crotch. She says, "I really need to pee." Eliza agrees. Ashley says, "I gotta pee sooooo bad." Julia says, "I'm about to burst!" Chloe, who has one hand on her crotch, agrees with them all, but doesn't speak in as desperate a voice as any of the others.
Later, Julia gasps and says "NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!!!" They all turn to look at her. The piss runs out of her faster than a speeding bullet and before anyone has any idea what's going on, Julia's jeans are soaked and her face is bright red. Eliza, not wanting to suffer the same fate as Julia, runs into the bathroom.
She says, "Screw you guys, I'm out" and locks the door behind her.
Julia knew the location of the second bathroom in Eliza's apartment, but having suffered the way she did, she thought it was unfair that everyone else would be able to get away with not being humiliated.
Having already emptied the contents of her bladder in her jeans, she kept her secret to herself and went into the corner and removed her clothes to change into some of Eliza's (as some sort of retribution.)
Claire and Ashley decide they want to go pee too. They ran to the door and bang on it, calling Eliza a bitch for locking it. It seems as though Eliza is taking the longest pee of her life. Just then, Claire, who was wearing a pink mini skirt, starts to pee uncontrollably. It drips through her pink panties, down her legs and forms a puddle on Eliza's rug. You can hear the spatter as the pee hits the floor.
Dani, outraged that Eliza would have put them through all this, whips off her gray Hard Tail pants (she wasn't wearing any panties) and decides to pee on Eliza's carpet. She runs her fingers through her hair as her bladder empties on the floor, revealing her mostly–shaven pussy to everyone.
Meanwhile, Eliza seems to be having the time of her life. As she's wiping herself, she rubs harder and harder and before long she's fingering herself. When she realizes what she's doing, and what's probably going on outside her door, she gets up and pulls the panties that she had thrown on the floor back up around her hips.
She opens the door to catch Dani in the act of peeing on her carpet, not to mention Claire's uncontrollable peeing. Ashley then runs in, throws off her already damp pants, and sticks her ass in the bathtub. The pee gushes out of her with more force than she had ever heard before. She moans with a bit of pleasure as her bladder empties, and begins to let go of all her muscles, even the ones holding her up. She falls over backwards into the tub with her pussy pointing upwards and all the pee squirting up and then back onto her. But with her bladder emptying at that speed, she has no control over the flow, nor does she care to.
Chloe, seeing that she has won, goes into the bathroom where Ashley is pissing on herself and takes a seat on the toilet. She lets her pee out and seems to really enjoy it. When she starts to feel pleasure from it, she yells at Eliza to bring her the vibrator. Eliza obeys, and Chloe takes it and sticks it in her pussy, while the pee is still dripping out into the toilet bowl. She cums and it is the best orgasm she has ever felt in her life.
After all that was over, everyone basically lie down on the floor panting, as if they had just run a mile.
Ashley turned on the shower while remaining dressed, and Claire stripped and climbed in with her. Dani and Eliza fetched towels and some soap to clean up the various puddles in the bedroom. Julia went to get Eliza's hairdryer to dry her pants, but Chloe stayed seated on the toilet, occasionally letting out another spurt of pee; smiling at herself over her accomplishment.
By: Julia