Bursting Bladder Accident At Work

By ILoveYou890

So yesterday, around lunch time, I drank 2 bottles of cold water with my samwich. I was wearing black heels, pantyhose, a tight short black skirt, and a white blouse. I also used the restroom, only having a dribbling pee. I was a work, and I knew I had this big conference today so I was nervous! I had this huge 32 oz green tea I chugged around 1. By now I had had about 66 oz of liquid. My bladder felt a little twitchy, but it was fine. I couldnt go to the bathroom now, I had a huge stack of paperwork at my desk, and the conference was in a hour, at 2:30. By two, I had finshed half the paperwork and my bladder was feeling a little bit heavy in the bladder area. I crossed my legs and swayed my foot.

I sipped a cup of coffee out of habit. 15 minutes later, the coffee cup was empty. Now I was about 72 oz of liquid. I was defietly wondering if my bladder was gonna fill up with the insane about of liquid, or it would HOPEFULLY wait until around 6, when the meeting was over. My bladder is fairly large, around 40 oz at max. Around 2:20 I had the paperwork done and my bladder was sloshing. I was late for the meeting so I had to hurry to get there by 2:30. I carfully speed walked in my heels.

I had to pee. I really did. Once I got there I took my seat around the huge conference table. I swang my leg over the other and squeezed. My legs were tightly crossed and my foot was bouncing a bit. I had to last for 3 and half hours. And I wasnt sure if I could go for 1 1/2 hours. As the first person started talking, my bladder was definetly full. Not bursting, but my mind was "i gotta pee... I gotta pee.. Holy God I need to pee!" I started swaying a bit, but when people started looking I blushed and stopped. Im super pee-shy and I would NEVER tell someone I need to use the bathroom. How embarrasing. So anyway, it was 3:00 now when person #1 was done with their speech. I was now sitting with my legs double crossed and squeezed. God, I was bursting, My bladder was screaming. Why'd I need 72OZ of tea and water and coffee?!? I was bent over a bit in agony. I was desperate to go pee. 

The hot **** was inches from spurting out all over my thong. Why couldn t I have worn more absorbant panties? But I was stuck with my tiny thong absorbing the fountain of pee that was threating to squirt out down my pantyhose. God. I new I was going to start leaking soon. My bladder was streched so far you could see the bump through my tight skirt that was digging into my bladder, pressing the pee out. I was doomed to **** myself in front of my whole workplace. And it wouldnt be a little pee. It would be full-on soaked big puddle long pee. I turned red just thinking about it. The **** ticked by slower and slower, as my aching bladder was filling to the brim.

My legs were twisted around eachother squeezed together as hard as possible. I was bent over in pain, but Not enough for anyone to notice. Oh how I longed to give my ***** a squeeze. How nice that would feel almost made me leak. I let out a little gasp, but quickly pulled my self together. I bet it was ovious I had to pee now. I was humiliating, but not as humilating as it would have been if I actually did **** myself. Anyways it was 3:30 now, my tuen to present. I was sure how this was gonna work, standing up. I slowly stood up, sqeezing my ***** so tight and my thighs were now glued together. My bladder was FULL now. I was at my limit. I had to pee NOW. I took a deep breath and stood. Bad idea. A hot spurt leaked into my thong. I gasped again, and people turned to look at why. I just smiled and started walking/lmping tothe front. I then started my presentation. Agony. 

I stood with my legs crossed TIGHT my bladder muscles working over time as I tried to make it through my presentation. I sturrted and I knew it was a horrible presentation. But I wasnt gonna let this big gusher go in front of these people If I could help it. As I finished I was suprised I hadnt pissed, it had been 2 hours! I was impressed. But this next half hour was agony. It was unlike anything I had ever gone trough. I'd never had to pee this bad in my LIFE! I was so deperate to pee, so increadbly desperate I had my legs double crossed, boucning them up and down, squeezed and I was lenaing over. I had no idea if I was gonna be able to "conceal" my need. All the sudden a twitch in my bladder let loose a long hot spurt.

I looked down, but I looked like my thong had absorbed it. But I knew it wasnt gonna absorb the next one. I was a pretzel, and I let out little moans, and the people close to me were giving me weird looks. I didnt even care. My bladder was on fire, and a 100 lb weight was on it. I squirmed and thrust a hand into my crotch providing some sweet releif. It was udner the table, so hopefully no one had seen it, but I needed too badly. I was squriming and boucning around in my chair. My need was probably public now. I need to pee... And SOON. My bladder gave a cry of pain and a another burst came out of it, this time forming a tiny dark patch on my skirt.

I hurridly pulled my blouse down to cover it. Oh God. I still had an hour left. I wasnt gonna make it, I knew it. I kept up this squirming boucning crotch grabbing moves for 15 minutes, keeping the huge amount of 72 oz of liquid behind my aching ****. Now at about 5:10, another short shot of pee came out and added to the growing dark patch. I squeezed my *****, hopeless. I was gonna **** myself infront of all my coworkers! I looked around to see veryones eyes at the front, so thankfully no one was notcing my crisis over here. I was wondering if I could excuse myself to pee now, I didnt even care if it was rude. I needed the sweet releif and empty my bladder, now full beyonde beleif, rock like.

A knifelike stab to my bladder sent a stream of **** down my leg. I almost couldnt stop it but I threw both my hands down to clutch my *****, and stopped it. I looked at the dark line now streaking my pantyhose. Even if I made it to a restroom, people would notice the patch on my skirt and the ovious wet line down the pantyhose, seeing my accident. If I could only get to a toliet, ah the releif would be orgasmic. By 5:30, I had to make anogther presentation. The tea water a coffee had already passed through me, I knew it. 

My bladder made a lump in my skirt. I was in so much pain. I was sooooooo desperate. I stood up and hobbled to the front, immediatly crossed my legs and boucning up and down every couple of seconds, while standing infront of all these people. They were staring at the dark patch and streaks in my panthose, and my boucing and crossed legs, and my stuttered, pained, voice oviously showed my need. One lady even raised her hand and asked "do you need something?" I thought about saying how I was about to pee myself, but I just shook my head. God I needed to pee. As I was stating my graphs, I felt a spurt run down. I watched as the 50 pairs of eyes followed it down my legs into the shoes.

No one said a word. I was bright red. My bladder told me it needed to pee now. NOW. It let out another short hot stream. Which dripped down my pantyhose and legs into my shoes. I was still in ym crossed legs boucning pose hopelssly triing to finish my prsentation. I must have looked so stupid. Obviously trying to ho,ld it, but failing. The waterfall of **** was slowly leking out. I squeezed my ***** in attempt to stop, my bladder had had enough. I loudly gasped and grasped my crotch (ye in fornt of 50 people, during my presentation) as a longer, bigger spurt streamed down and I lost control for a couple seconds. I nercously laughed. I was ******* myself. 

Another hand. "Are you sure you dont need to go do something miss?" another quick nod by me. “ I would love to use the washroom, im dying to go!” I couldn't keep it secret anyways. I hobbled and ran offstage at the thought of it. I A huge long stream bursted out of my **** running down my now almost dark brown panties into my damp shoes. My skirt was a mess. I was so embarrsed. I was still up there, while everyone stared at me.

As I ran out the room, I hobbled down the hallways. The bathroom was DOWNSTAIRS. Everystep I took more squirted out. As I reached the top of the stairs a huge tweak in my bladder made me gasp, and I doubled over and clutched my crotch, double crossing my legs. My bladder oped the floodgates. A HUGE stream gushed out as I gasped and moaned. I just let it go, I couldnt stop it now. It soaked my skirt, my pantyhose and filled my shoes as I held my crotch and bent over. I moaned at the orgasmic releif. It was so sweet. The pee streamed and fountains out of my bladder, soaking me whithen seconds at the sheer size of the ****. I moaned louder and rubbed myself as the 72oz gushed out of my swollen aching bladder. After 4 minutes it tapered off and all that was left of my massive **** was a SOAKED dripping skirt, dark, wet pantyhose, my 4 inch pumps filled with pee, overflowing and dripping down the heel, and the big puddle on the hardwood below me. It ran down the stairs. 

