Holiday
	Note:  This story contains Female Wetting, Deliberate Wetting, and Bed Wetting.
By:  Ann Whetter

Janet and Sarah were relaxing on sunbeds near the pool on the first day of their holiday in Spain. Despite having arrived late that morning, they had managed to get loungers in the sun close to the pool and the poolside bar. After a couple of hours or so, Sarah was really feeling the effects of all the drinks they had had on the plane and in the airport bar whilst waiting to board. The bottles of water they had drunk after arriving didn't help. 

"How're you doing?" she asked Janet.

"I'm a bit desperate." Janet replied "What about you?"

"I'm fine." Sarah said. 

"No I'm not, shall we call this one a draw and make a dash for the loo?" 

"If we do we'll lose these sunbeds" commented Janet 

"If we don't I'll wet myself" said Sarah. 

"Well that's the other option." said Janet with a grin. "In fact that's what I'm going to do." 

"But what about the sunbeds?" asked Sarah "Won't they get wet?" 

"Of course they will, but it doesn't matter, they get wet with water from the pool." replied Janet. "And before you ask, the same goes for bikinis and swimming costumes." 

After a bit of thought Sarah said "OK, but we'll call this one a draw." 

"No way" said Janet, "If we're going to wet ourselves anyway, we can take this to the end and see who can really hold the longest." 

"Right, you're on." said Sarah, although she didn't think that she could last many minutes more. 

In fact it was only 10 minutes later that she couldn't hold on any longer and felt the first spurt. 

At that very moment Janet said "OK, you win". 

"To be fair, I've just spurted." admitted Sarah "so I guess that it really is a draw." 

With that they both let go and completely emptied themselves. They had only just finished when the barman appeared beside them and asked if he could get them anything from the bar. 

"We're not on the 'all in' " said Janet. 

"That's OK." said the barman, "I have some leeway, and as long as you continue what you've been doing, I'll keep you in drinks." 

"I'm Josef." he added. 

"That's very nice." said Janet "Thanks. I'm Janet and this is Sarah." 

"Pleases to meet you." said Josef. "I'll just get your drinks. What would you like?" 

"If we're drinking a lot it had better be mineral waters please." said Sarah. 

"That's fine." said Josef, "I'll be right back." 

He returned a few minutes later with the drinks and put them down on the floor between the sunbeds. "By the way, what's your room number?" he asked. 

"I thought that these were free" said Sarah. 

"Oh they are." said Josef, "But the maids like to know in which rooms the beds are likely to need protection." he explained, adding that "I keep my eyes open for the signs and let them know. In return they perform at a bar down town where there's a 'Holding' contest every Wednesday night. 

"Thanks for the drinks" said Sarah, "Oh and Wednesday nights sound fun. Can we come as well?" 

"Of course" said Josef "Have you done that sort of thing before?" 

"Yes" admitted Janet, "But today's the first time that we've actually gone this far and wet ourselves. We always make sure that there is a loo nearby and rush in at the last moment. At least we thought that it was the last moment, but today we lasted much longer than we expected." 

"Anyway, tell us about Wednesday nights."asked Sarah. 

"It's quite simple." said Josef, "The last one to wet herself wins first prize. There are two other prizes, one for the best performance and the booby prize for the first one to wet herself. At the start of the contest, everyone has to drink a litre of water within 5 minutes followed by a half litre every quarter of an hour, again within 5 minutes. Each girl is 'out' at the first spurt, so once you start there's no point in stopping. Oh yes, all the girls stand on the tables with their skirts hitched up and their knickers on view so that everyone can see everything that happens." 

"But what about the start? How do we get a fair contest?" asked Sarah. 

"Sorry, I forgot," said Josef "all the contestants start empty. Anyone who has entered before goes to the loo 10 minutes before the start. Everyone else goes at 5 minutes before. All the contestants have to be standing on the tables 2 minutes before the start. Oh and if any girl wants to, they can pull their knickers aside and 'go' in the bar in front of everyone. This gives them about 8 minutes advantage over the other 'experts' and 3 over the newcomers. -But they also run the risk of losing by getting wet knickers even before the contest starts." 

"We'd better get practising then." said Janet as she downed her bottle of water. 

"You're on" said Sarah following suite. "Can we have some more water please" 

"Of course" said Josef, "I'll go and get some. Your time starts now, I'll bring a couple of litre bottles in a quarter of an hour." 

"I though that it was half litres after the first." protested Sarah. 

"It is." replied Josef, "But if you practise with litres, it will be easier on the night!" he explained with a wink. 

"What a brilliant idea" agreed Sarah, "Thanks for that." 

"That's all right." said Josef "I like watching girls wet themselves." 

"If you want to drink anything else instead of water, just let me know," he added as he returned to the bar. 

Fifteen minutes later Josef brought another couple of bottles of water which the girls quickly downed. The same thing happened in another quarter of an hour. 

"I don't know how well we'll do in the bar on Wednesday, I'm already about to piss myself." exclaimed Sarah as they downed the water. 

"Me too." agreed Janet "In fact I enjoyed it so much when I wet myself earlier that I'm not going to hold it any longer." and with that she just let go. 

"OK" agreed Sarah "But tomorrow we start practising" she continued as she let go as well. 

They wet themselves again after each of the next two bottles and then it was time to change for dinner. Just as they were about to get up, Josef appeared by their sides. 

"If you want to stay by the pool, I can get you something to eat," he offered "and I've got these for you," he continued. "They're all-in wristbands in case I'm not here when you want anything." 

"That's very good of you. Thank you" said Janet. "But what did we do to deserve it?" 

"You put on a good show this afternoon,," replied Josef. 

"Thank you," said Janet. "In that case we'll stay, but please just bring a starter, we're full up." 

Josef laughed and said "Shall I continue with the water, or have you had enough for today?" 

"Just half-litres then please," said Sarah "And perhaps stretch it to half hours." 

"Just wave when you're ready." said Josef as he went off to get to get the menus. 

When Josef returned, they chose a light snack each and went to sit at the bar, where they spent the rest of the evening continuing to drink lots of water and wetting themselves. 

Eventually Janet said "I'm about ready for bed. How about you?" 

"Yes," agreed Sarah "It's been a long and interesting day." 

"So what's it going to be like wetting the bed?" asked Janet. 

"Why?" said Sarah, "Does that mean that you're going to?" 

"I expect so" replied Janet "after drinking all this water. But I will check that the maid has put the protection on -otherwise I'll have to get out of bed." 

"I guess that you're right" admitted Sarah "Another drink before we go just to make sure?" 

"Might as well" agreed Janet waving to Josef. "Can we have some more water please?" 

"Of course" said Josef "I guess that it's just as well that Maria has sorted your beds!" 

"Oh good" said Sarah "In that case make it litres not halves please. We might as well do a good job if we're going to do it at all." 

As soon as they had finished they rushed up to their room and into bed -after a quick check of the beds just to make sure. 

"Are we just going to pee now or wait until we're more desperate?" asked Janet. 

"We've been holding all day and I want to see what it feels like to wet the bed. I'm feeling tired and I don't want to fall asleep and then wake up with a wet bed having missed all the action," replied Sarah. "So if it's OK with you, I think that we should start as soon as possible." 

"Fine by me," said Janet "Both together or as we please?" 

"How about each when she's ready but with a running commentary?" suggested Sarah. 

"Me first then," said Janet, "Otherwise it'll be an accidental wetting and I want this one to be deliberate. So." she continued, "I'm not desperate but I do really need to go. Any moment now I'll relax a bit, yes I'm about to let go. Here it comes. Wow that feels good, better than this afternoon -it feels much naughtier, bikinis are meant to get wet but not beds." 

"I need to go now,"said Sarah butting in. "Oops no, it's too late, my bed is now getting wet. I can feel the piss creeping up my ass, it's hot and wet. OO you're right it does feel so good, well good's not quite the right word, sexxy maybe or just like you said, naughty." 

"What a day!" said Janet, "But I'm knackered, see you in the morning. Goodnight." 

"Goodnight" replied Sarah "And no waking me up in the night by getting out for a pee." 

In the morning they couldn't remember how many times they woke up needing to pee, but of course neither left their beds. 
