Carole Singing
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Carole was very excited to be part of the church choir. A week before Christmas, the choir was to perform in a concert at London’s famous Royal Albert Hall. Before she joined her colleagues at the choir for the big night, she had hired this long black silky dress. She tried it on and looked at herself in the mirror, and felt she looked good in it.

After trying…. and failing… to sleep on the eve of the concert, she got out of bed to go to the kitchen to get a glass of water. She returned to bed, however, she still couldn’t shut her eyes.

She got out of bed on the morning of the concert, and she felt her throat was a bit dry, so while she was having her breakfast, she had another glass of water to drink. She spent most of the day getting her hair done, painting her nails and generally preparing for the big night. Later, she put on her black dress in readiness to join her colleagues. They were to travel by coach from their home town to London, and hopefully reach there three hours before the start of the concert so they could do some last-minute rehearsals.

Suddenly, the coach stopped behind some stationary traffic. Most of the choir grumbled that they may be delayed. Carole had a personal problem to deal with… she felt at that point that she needed to wee. She had been busy all day that she simply forgot in all this time to go to the toilet.

About 45 minutes passed, and the coach was stuck in traffic, most of the choir was getting restless…. and Carole was getting desperate. she began to fidget a little. She was sitting on her own, so she put her coat over her lap, and put her hands inbetween her legs so she could discreetly hold herself. She had also crossed her legs really tight and tried to keep her bladder muscles under control. Another half an hour passed… the coach was still stuck in the same position, and Carole was really worried now. She needed to wee badly, but was frightened that she may wet herself.

“Are you alright, Carole?” asked a colleague was was concerned about her predicament.

“No, I’m okay thnaks, just cold, that’s all,” Carole replied, despite the fact that the coach had a heater on board.

Another twenty minutes passed and the traffic problem eventually eased, and by now the coach was so delayed, it was predicted that they would get to the Royal Albert Hall around 45 minutes before the concert was due to start. Carole started to moan. She wanted to relieve herself quickly, but she had to wait at least before they got there.

But worse was to come. The coach eventually arrived at the Royal Albert Hall twenty minutes before the start of the concert, and the choir had to get off very quickly and get straight to the stage. Carole asked the head of the choir to go to the toilet as she was now very desperate.

“I’m sorry, we’re already needed on the stage,” she said.

“But I need to go now!” Carole explained. She now had one hand pushed discreetly in her crotch.

“Can’t do anything about it now, you should have gone before you joined us,” said the head of the choir.

Carole knew she wouldn’t be able to go to the toilet for at least two hours. The choir had to walk up to the stage and all the members had to stand in three rows. Unfortunately for Carole, she had to stand in the front row, so she couldn’t discreetly hold herself while she had to sing.

During the concert she had continued to fidget, so much that she found it difficult to concentrate on her singing voice. She even tried miming, but that didn’t work either…. she just kept thinking about the time when she will be able to release her bladder of its contents.

Suddenly, Carole felt she lost temporary control, and felt a jet of wee left her pussy and leaked into her knickers. That made her cross her legs, but in intervals, she was leaking small spurts of wee, soaking her knickers and flowing down her inner thighs. She felt that if she didn’t get the chance to go soon, she would wet herself on stage. Soon, she was struggling to get any words out because she was trying…. and failing…  to hold her bladder muscles.

Then all of a sudden, Carole did lose control. She felt her bladder explode as she fully pissed herself. Her knickers got drenched, her shoes got wet, and the inside of her black dress got wet. It was particularly embarrassing for her because she couldn’t leave the stage to clean herself up for at least another thirty minutes, which in her state, seemed like forever. Also, some of her colleagues had also got the whiff of her after-wee smell, which wasn’t very pleasant for them.

After the concert had finished, she rushed to find the ladies’ toilet and locked herself in a cubicle for another hour, not wanting to come out. What should have been a very exciting night, turned out to become a total disaster.

