Nice Try
 	An Old Post to our group
Posted by Tinker, date unknown 

Hi all lurkers out there, 

It has been a while, but I just did it again! With everyone being out of the house for the rest of the day, I couldn't resist and peed my panties badly. Yeah this is not hard core watersports :-) Next time I'll get the dog to lay under me :-) :-) 

I'm sitting at the computer now, dressed in a short pinky-red dress with almost black panties, and I need a towel to prevent the chair from being soaked. The dress 100% covers my wet panties and if anyone was looking, they wouldn't notice. 

After reading a lot about women pissing standing up here last week, I decided to test my hypothesis again that women (or men) wearing skirts could easily pee without squatting, or even without taking their panties off. I had practiced this many times alreay and just tried again. Since it is too cold now to go outside wearing a tiny dress, I had to wet myself in the comfortable environment of the bathroom. So I simply putted on the dress, did my usual things at home, drank a lot of tea, and when I really had to go, I walked over to the toilet pot, stood over it with my legs just enough apart to not touch the pot, and let go. 

As I had expected (standard routine), the pee first soaked my panties which took about seven seconds, and then started to fall down between my legs in a steady, concentrated stream. It fell from a rimple in the fabric between my legs (the lowest point of the panties) straight down. Not the slightest chance of going down a leg. When I stopped peeing (a bit before I was empty, so I had something to spare), the stream continued for at least ten more seconds before interrupting and finally stopping. 

So, if you have to pee and you wear a skirt and just panties (no pantyhose), don't bother. Find a somewhat sheltered spot where nobody looks at you in particular, part your legs a bit (one foot is enough), and just soak'em. It feels very nice and nothing will go wrong. Trouble starts not until you are so panicked that you forget to part your legs or simply don't stand still. I tried wetting my underwear while walking once and although it really is a very nice experience, you have no hope of keeping your legs dry. So, general rule: if you approach the point where you *will* wet your panties, don't wait until it actually happens! Stay half a minute ahead of nature and choose the best place given the circumstances. Then, just pee. 

After I stopped peeing, I knew that the hardest part still was ahead. You are standing, legs apart, with completely soaked panties and although your skirt hides everything, the surplus amount of liquid in your panties will not come out by itself. As soon as you start walking, it will spiral down your legs. So you *have* to squeeze them a bit, and the only way to do this without yelling at the world "Hey, look at me, I wear wet panties!" is to rapidly squat down and press your tighs together. Just pretend to pick up something from the ground or so. I did, and it worked again. Pee flowed onto the ground, but not along my legs. After this, I just stood up and walked away. Only one or two small drops of pee left a no-trail. 

This all happened about one hour ago and my dress still shows no stain of wetness, although I did not take care in particular. My panties still are moist, but not wet, and the humidity did creep up to halfway my crotch. Really, there's nothing to betray you if you do not have to sit down on a revealing surface like furniture fabric. If you keep your knees together and do not bend over, you're perfectly safe. 

Now on to the next thing. I have been thinking about what especially excites me in this little play, and I think I now know why. If someone else feels the same, please follow up on this post, because I want to know if my fantasies are shared. 

I think you have to combine both my interest in peeing, my fetish for women wearing a typical kind of short skirts, and sexuality. All fit in together (that's why I like to define "watersports" as "erotic urination", which already has been proposed by Tim). I would really get mad if I encountered a girl/woman dressed, let's say, like a cheerleader, who was not too shy about her panties and let me casually have a good look. It doesn't matter at all where and when. A team of cheerleaders just doing their job would be nice, or tennis players, or (like yesterday) a single "Tanzmariechen" (majorette in a typical Carnaval costume; about the best you can get) that performed her dance on German television.

All these appearances have the right combination of a nice, wide, short skirt, often high boots that show off the legs best, and panties that just are meant to be seen once in a while. I suppose that these panties are not really underwear, but that the women wearing such outfits have "real" panties under them. In that case, I personally would not be shy at all if my skirt lifted and revealed my panties. It is just a costume that consists of two parts: panties and skirt. They belong together. If you go a bit further (too short a skirt, so to say), you get the medieval dressing of tunic-and-hose. 

 As a side note: I know that Mary Quant introduced the mini skirt as a "normal" dress code in the sixties, and I still like those older movies that feature only short-skirted women. But the mini skirt as show costume must be far older? Where did it come from? Who invented it? It appears to appeal to such an amount of men that it must have been a clever inventor indeed. 

 As another side note: with all those girls wearing short skirts, and with the upcoming rock concerts in the sixties, was there a scene in which it became normal for girls to go in their panties? I think I saw a short note of this a week ago, but did not see anything more. 

Besides, women wearing a sports outfit or hot pants, showing even more legs than a skirt, are not shy at all. So it isn't the amount of leg that makes a mini skirt so extraordinary. But just put on a skirt over tight sports "panties" (how are these called?), and you still wear enough to leave the skirt out, yet I would be completely blown away. 

And why is that? Here the piss kicks in. For one reason or another, I just like the idea of seeing a woman wetting her panties wearing the above costume. Without the short skirt it looses most of its attractiveness. Pissing without panties isn't so nice either. I just want A) a skirt, B) panties, C) the woman halfly embarassed, but determined to do it, taking position voluntarily, and D) a nice wet spot between her legs. This would, I think, be the most exciting fore-play for a wonderful night together. If I had a girlfriend who thought like me, she would wear such a tiny skirt all day, wetting herself a few times, letting me casually look up her skirt, have a few good hugs, and eventually take me to bed with her in the evening. 

Unfortunately I don't have such a girlfriend (hell, I don't have any girlfriend at all!), and I have to do with looking at girls wearing short, wide skirts (as I said before, cheerleaders and majorettes first, Star Trek (old series) women second, tennis players third). I have never really witnessed a girl wetting her panties, let alone a cheerleader-type wetting herself. Still I really want to look at such an appearance once in a while, and this probably causes me to put on the correct type of clothes myself and look at myself in the mirror while doing exactly what I want a girl to do. I like the feeling of the pee running down my panties, but without that dress on, there's not half as much fun. Sometimes, the act of wetting myself actually isn't that much fun (I always like it though), but the experience of imitating a girl as closely as possible is. 

Most of the fun does not come from the moment you go from dry clothes to clothes with a wet spot in between your legs (which is the Moment Supreme of the whole game). It really is nice to overcome yourself and start peeing while fully clothed, but it does not give you a really erotical experience. That comes only afterwards, when you already have wet panties and start to really piss the hell out of them. For one reason or another, I very seldom can pee full speed when my panties are still dry.

I cannot soak them in one big gush. If I wear dry panties, my first pee will carefully and slowly leak into my panties, and usually it does not even drop through. This feels silly btw: clearly having peed your panties while not even feeling it. Usually I have to repeat this twice or three times before I can continue peeing and really start to soak my underwear. But most of the time I do not want to spill all in one big stroke. I prefer to casually let go some pee that gets absorbed more than fall through. It feels more realistic. Furthermore, slowly peeing extends the experience and it has less chance to run down your legs. 

Back to reality. Especially with cheerleaders I still have the feeling that they are the least shy about their underwear and probably the first to wet it, since they have to stand on (cold) fields for a long time and do quite strange physical things. In general, I just cannot get rid of the thought that many girls/women casually wet their panties once in a while, not mainly because of erotic interest, but just because it is so damned convenient in daily life. 

It is clear that short skirts are considered attractive by most men. But is this because of the great deal of legs that they show off? I doubt it. I personally think that much of a skirt's charm lies in the fact that it hides something while not blocking it completely, such as a pair of jeans or even hot pants. For me, the idea that they might be hiding panties with a big stain on it is irresistable. I *love* looking at short-skirted cheerleaders. I die for getting a glimpse of their panties. I would *love* seeing a woman with a long skirt wetting herself. But the absolute culmination would be the cheerleader, with the exactly right kind of skirt, casually peeing her panties while she stands on the grass and follows the football match. 

Not to directly ask for copies, but are there any movies or pictures of women wetting their panties? I know that mainstream watersports is more about peeing than about panties, but I expect that some people like the subtle charm of a woman looking around, parting her legs, arranging her skirt and elegantly peeing through her panties. There apparently is a *lot* of stuff regarding short skirts and panties etc. (many B-movies feature only short skirts anyway). There probably is a lot about watersports (although this is not being shown on regular television :-) ). Is there any crossover? Something like the whole cheerleader team going for a leak on the field? 

And now I'm off to wet myself some more. 

[...] 

This time I just casually stood in the shower, legs slightly apart, one hand in my side, the other just hanging down. And again, nothing streamed down my legs. Having already wet panties has the big advantage that they cannot hold so much liquid anymore, and so what goes in comes out immediately. You don't have to squat and squeeze, just walk away. 

Wow, is there a psychiatrist on the Net? He can write a whole pile of reports observing me... 

Tinker 

