– Janis McKewanI used to sit next to this adorable redhead in the 7th grade during 5th period English class and really liked her right from the first day of school. She was funny, intelligent and very friendly. She always wore a tight pair of long pants (our school's winter uniform), which really showed off her sexy curves. I had been trying to impress her since the first day in hopes of dating her, but without luck. So I jumped at the chance to carry her books to class, when I spotted her sprinting towards the girls toilets one day with all of her books in her hand, as I walked passed the staircase towards our class. She gratefully accepted and gave me a warm smile that melted my heart instantly. There was a long line of anxious girls waiting to go as well, so I walked on across the courtyard to the classroom and put her books down on her desk next to me at the back of the class and then sat down to get ready for the lesson. After a minute or two, the bell rang for class and the teacher (Mrs. Charleston or Corbis?), seeing that there were still several girls missing, went out the door and headed over to the girls' toilets. A few moments later, a couple girls came into the class and quickly sat down with flushed looks on their faces. Two more girls followed them, and then Janis, who was blushing profusely, as she walked in with her blazer held in front of her. She quickly made her way to her desk and sat down, as perspiration beaded her on her forehead. She seemed reluctant to hang her blazer over the back of her chair and then after a long pause whispered, "Promise me you won't laugh. Please..." "I promise. Why?" I replied sincerely, but she hesitated. "I mean it. I wouldn't do that to you..." She blushed and then slowly lifted her blazer away, revealing a dark wet spot in her crotch. For a moment, I was mesmerized by the shiny wetness and by the thought of this gorgeous mature girl having lost control if only for a second. I then took her blazer and hung it over the back of her chair, noticing in the process that there was a 2cm wet spot at the bottom curve of her bum at the back. I realized with a start that she had lost quite a bit of control and had had what my sister called a "gullywasher" (a sudden short spurt that rushes across the underside of a girl's bum). It was still diffusing slowly into the material of her pants and quite obvious to anyone that was looking, but luckily we were at the back and therefore out of view. "Are you okay?" I asked sympathetically, having had to hold it in regularly. She nodded embarrassed and said, "The toilets at this school are ridiculous and always full of people. I have been waiting since recess this morning and was just about to go into the stall when she came in..." "You mean you still have to go?" I said incredulous, as I know that when I have to go then, I have to go now or else... She nodded, "But its okay, I should be able to wait until the end of class, as I am used to waiting in the morning to get into the bathroom." "Large family?" I asked, somewhat curious. "No, just six, but all girls, except for my Dad," she replied. "A medium family," I said, angling my head to one side. At that moment, the teacher returned with the last of the girls and waited for the girl to take her seat before handing out our quiz papers, as we usually did once a week. As to be expected, the teacher had set up a really hard quiz paper, which was going to make us work hard. (I don't remember what the quiz was on, but it was probably on our prescribed literature or some of the numerous poems that we had studied that week). In any case, it was five pages long and would take the whole class period to complete. Janis got stuck into the quiz and seemed to be in control of things, even though I could see that her navel was a bit swollen. She did however shift in her seat every once in a while and I spotted her looking up at the clock a couple of times. After about fifteen minutes, she began to wiggle her right knee around and occasionally lean forward, as she finished answering the first page. She began to get more anxious, as time went on, undoubtedly because of the pressure building up in her bladder. After a minute, I took the chance to glance at her through the corner of my eye, once I had finished the first page and was turning to the second. She had slipped forward in her chair, which gave me a good view of her crotch and I noticed that the wet spot had dried enough to be almost invisible. If she could just hold out until the end of the class period, then she could race to the nearby toilet and relieve herself without any trace of her "little" accident. I was really praying that she would be able to wait, as I didn't want her to have to face the humiliation of having to wet her pants. However, over the next ten minutes, she began to sit up stiffly in her chair and I noticed that her right knee was wiggling a lot faster. She was also sucking in her breath harshly every now and then, as her fidgeting increased. What surprised me most was just how much her navel or belly had swollen in the last ten minutes, as it had grown to the size of an orange. Five minutes later, Janis crossed that thin psychological barrier, as she looked at the clock and then started chewing her bottom lip, as she leaned forward lifting her bum off of her seat. She was clearly getting desperate and I was beginning to wonder how long she would be able to wait, which was probably exactly what she was thinking too. Over the following half a minute, the battle inside her raged back and forth, until suddenly I saw her left hand rise slowly from on top of her desk. She began jiggling frantically, as she waited for the teacher to see her hand and walk over. "Please can I go to the toilet, Mrs.?" she whispered anxiously, still openly wiggling and jiggling. "No, you'll have to wait until the end of the period." "Ooh, please Mrs., " Janis whined in panic, "I really have to go urgently..." "No. You'll just have to hold it in." "Can't you make an exception, please." she begged, "I'm bursting at the seams." "You can just learn to pinch it off and wait like the other girls." Janis hesitated for an agonizing moment and then blurted out, "But, I can't wait anymore..." "Then you will just have to let it go. Won't you?" the teacher replied, as the students in front of us sniggered. Janis watched in horror, as the teacher walked back up to the front of the classroom and then Janis dropped her hand into her lap, giving herself a quick squeeze. "God, I really need to go to the toilet...'' Janis whined leaning forward and lifting her butt off of her seat to emphasize the fact. "Are you still going to be able to wait until the end of class?" I asked worried. A worried look came over her face, as she replied, "I don't know. I thought that I would be able to after having relieved some of the pressure before this class, but I think that coke from recess has caught up with me." "You have to hold it in," I said seriously, "Or everyone will laugh at you." "At least the wet spot has dried, but I don't know whether it will stay that way until the end of class," she replied fearfully. ''There is only fourteen minutes left in this period." I replied looking at the clock. A couple of tears erupted from her eyes, as she also looked at the clock and whimpered, "Oh God... That's almost a whole quarter of an hour!" "Try to think of something else," I offered, as the teacher gave us a dark look. "I'll try, but it's not easy, as it's starting to hurt a lot." Janis replied in a whisper, as the teacher cleared her throat in warning. "You have to try and hold it in until the end of class." I said earnestly, as visions of the other students laughing echoed from my memory of personal humiliations. She nodded, but she wasn't half as confident as before, because the same visions must have been crossing her mind. She tried concentrating all her attention on her test and had to hold her paper still with her free hand while she wrote her answers in, her knuckles turning white under the force of her grip. Her legs were slapping together hard and I could see that her bladder had swollen to the size of a small party balloon. She must have had at least a liter in her bladder at that time, as I could see how badly it was distended and it was sore enough that Janis actually loosened the top button to relieve some of the pain and pressure. Over the next four minutes, I watched out of the corner of my eye, as her bladder took advantage of the lack of restraint and expanded even further. Swelling up roughly to the size of a volleyball and pushing open her zip, until I could see the dark red discoloration of her abdomen rising up from the hem of her white panties. She was in intense agony and couldn't sit still for a second, as she fretted and perspired heavily. Suddenly, she squealed and doubled over, as a dark glistening wet patch erupted in her crotch around her zipper, where it was still closed. As she doubled over, a small spurt of piss shot through the material of her pants and landed on the front edge of her chair, as a layer of wetness emerged through the crotch of her pants. Immediately, she brought her knees up, jamming her hand into her groin, as she crossed her legs and wedged her feet behind the metal crossbar beneath the seat. She was whimpering all the time and brought her other hand down to help force her bladder into submission, as a wave of wetness spread up over her groin towards her bellybutton. I felt my crotch become hot and sticky, as my dick spasmed painfully and I then felt my crotch grow damp as my sodden underpants let the wetness through. A shallow pool of pee collected in her lap, as I watched her panties go transparent where they were visible through her open zipper, revealing the tufts of hair that covered the upper end of her groin. The pool continued to expand slowly until it reached the sides of her hips and then began overflowing down the sides. Her mouth contorted into a snarl, as pee began dripping from her fingers where they stuck out between her tightly clenched thighs. I watched as another glistening wet spot started growing on the underside of her bum from where her thighs joined and headed backwards towards the crack of her butt. Janis gasped two or three times and then sighed heavily, as it began forming a puddle on her chair. Her body then relaxed, as a wave of wetness shot up and across the back of her butt to the waist and then soaking her white blouse where it clung to the small of her back, because she was sitting with her knees up high. Her pants were absolutely drenched and dripping on the seat beneath her, expanding the dark yellow puddle already there. The other students burst out laughing at her when they spotted the pee dripping on to the floor beneath her chair. Janis started sobbing, as she realized just what a mess she had made of herself, as a ruby red blush covered her face. The teacher came over and shook her head, saying, "Young lady... Pull up that zipper! I will not have indecency in this class!" The teacher then looked down at Janis and said, "I hope it teaches you a lesson and that you will learn to go earlier to the toilets before class next time." "I am sorry..." Janis whimpered mortified with humiliation. "You've made your point, Mrs.," I stated, genuinely concerned for her. At that time I had no idea of what watersports was all about and also had a lot of sympathy for other people's needing to relieve themselves. The teacher relented and walked back to the front of the room, but the damage was done because the whole class now knew of her predicament. Even worse was the fact that she was sitting in a puddle of her own pee, which prevented her pants from drying out. Her pants were completely soaking wet and had no place to dissipate but down along the backs of her thighs. There was now only eight minutes left in the class period and I knew that she was going to have to walk out passed all the other students with peed pants, which would make her the laughing–stock of the school for weeks. I hurriedly got back to my test, but kept an eye on her while I worked. When there was only five minutes left, I noticed that she was wiggling her legs again and realized that she hadn't let all of her pee out, as her bladder looked still half the size that it had been. That amazed me, because she had at least 3/4 of a liter of pee puddled on the seat of her chair and on the floor, plus another 3/4 or so soaked up into her pants. That was about a liter and a half that she had peed in roughly just under two or three minutes and her bladder was still swollen. "Do you still need to go?" I whispered incredulous. She turned scarlet and nodded demurely, "I haven't been to the toilet since I left home this morning, but I only felt the need to go at recess." "You must have a cast iron bladder!" I mused astounded. "A large glass of orange juice with my bowl of cereal, half full of milk – A cup of coffee before I left home and a half liter of coke at recess," Janis supplied truthfully. "God, I would have exploded and totally flooded out this classroom if I had drunk that much," I stated. "Apparently, that's what I did to my chair," she replied dejected and feeling sorry for herself. We then went back to writing our tests, but I could see that Janis was desperate again as the wall clock showed that there was only two minutes left. When the bell finally sounded, the other students hurried out except for a couple of the girls, who waited until last and then left with their blazers tied around their waists, concealing saucer sized wet spots in their groins. 'It seems that you weren't the only one wetting her pants." I announced as the teacher started walking over to us. "I wish I was one of them," Janis moaned and then turned to ask the teacher, "Please can you phone the nurse and tell her to phone my Dad to fetch me?" "Sorry, but you're going to have to go phone your Dad yourself from the nurses office," the teacher replied, "the PA system is out of order. Right now, I need you out of this class so that I can go find the janitor," she stated, "come on, up you get and get moving." Janis stood up and I watched, as pee ran down the back of her legs from her dripping wet, soaked butt. She then burst into tears, as she pleaded with wiggling legs, "Please, Mrs.! I can't walk out of the classroom like this... All of the other students will laugh at me." But the teacher was not interested at all or sympathetic, so I said, "I will help you get out of here and you can borrow my blazer to cover yourself." "Thanks," Janis said, beaming me a smile. We then left the classroom with our books and walked away towards the girls' toilet across the courtyard, only to find a long line of bouncing girls prancing around outside the door. Janis went deathly pale and squeezed her crotch with her free hand. Almost immediately, she let out a short spurt of piss that flooded her groin and looked at me absolutely terrified. I quickly grabbed her by the elbow and led her up the steps away from the toilets. By the time I got her to the service alley for plumbers, etc, she was spurting into her pants again, drenching the front of her pants down to her knees and whimpering pathetically. I quickly held my blazer in a way that she could hide behind and her desperation took over, as she frantically began ripping open her fly and belt with both hands. By the time she got her pants halfway down, she was peeing full force into her transparent white panties and squealing, as it ran down the inside of her legs. She just managed to hook her panties and yank them down, squatting at the same time, before her torrent of piss exploded into a high–powered jet that drummed into the ground between her feet. By this time, I had turned my back towards her, but I could still see her hairy streaming pussy framed between my thighs, as she continued to pee uncontrollably for another two minutes. When her pee finally slowed and then stopped, I thought she was finished, but she pushed out a couple more spurts before she wiped herself and started pulling up her pants and panties. She then stepped away revealing a massive pee puddle that had run halfway down to the gate, 3 meters (10 feet) away. "What am I going to do about all this pee in my pants?" she cried, pulling her pants up between her girly thighs. "Come with me," I said, as a plan occurred to me. I then lead her to the fishpond inside the south gate entrance and helped her to rinse out her pants with the pond water. When she was finished, she leant towards me and gave me a kiss on the lips that I still remember 18 years later. She then thanked me, with a very relieved look on her face, and walked away towards the admin block to call her Dad. It was the start of a four–year relationship that got me laid before any other boy in my grade, but that is another chapter in her story...
John Sniper