That Time on the Boat...
	A watersports story which ... might ... just be true.
Author: FerventScoundrel

My best experience with this? Outside of the videos? Oh ya. Sure.

Back when I was dancing, you know, on a pole, I used to hang out on the IRC. My nerdy ex-boyfriend got me hooked on that, and really, there was nothing else like it at the time.

So anyway, one night I was on the IRC and I'd been knocking back a few of those Prairie beers. I had a few channels open, but there was this one guy who was throwing all kinds of sass at everyone. He seemed to really think a lot of himself - some kind of know it all. So I decided to sass him back.

Wow. He let me have it. It wasn't insulting really; in fact it was kind of exciting. This guy didn't pull any punches. When I didn't respond for a moment, he called me shy and I was replying that I am not and that I'm all kinds of brave.

I will never forget what he did next: he replied with "Are you this brave?" typed in his phone number, and disconnected.

I was struck dumb. For a bit I didn't know what to do. I'd been called out. And nobody before had ever done what he did.

So I called the number.

His voice was smooth and a little quiet. Deep, but not real deep - not like he was trying. He sounded relaxed. That night, separated by 1,500 miles and two time zones, we talked for hours - nearly until I saw dawn. And we talked about everything. I got so worked up.

It became a nightly thing. We'd find each other on IRC, chat for a while there, and then get on the phone. The IRC part was great cause we could be busy and still chat. Sometimes he was doing laundry or messing with the boat, and sometimes I was ... well, sometimes I was busy too. Over the weeks which turned in to months we became something like an old married couple. He'd ask me about my day and all the stuff that happened, we'd trade some pictures (though it was hard back then without camera phones - we were on land / water lines), we shared everything.

And of course things turned to sex. See, now, I was expecting that to come up right away. But he was smooth. And nice. He didn't get all kinky nasty or ask me about the video scene of anything. Well, not at first. Of course all of that came (and so did I), but we took our time.

But it was steamy. Wow he'd say things and go places like nobody I've ever met. And it wasn't all about the kink. I mean, that was great and all, but sometimes he'd just tell me about what he was doing to himself - slowly. I got so wet. Sometimes I'd come just barely touching myself.

We became great friends. He knew all about me and my past. I knew all about his. He suffered with a deeply broken heart. I knew I might be a rebound, but I grew to not care. He was genuine.

After some months of this, he asked me if I'd like to come and visit him. I had no way of getting there and he offered a plane ticket. Oh ya: he had money. I'm not a gold digger - you ought to know that - just think of where I live. But it was nice not to have to worry about that for a while.

I got on the plane. And it was that first visit when things got so hot and crazy. But first, more background.

I got off the plane and met him with a big hug and a long kiss. He wrapped his big arms around me (you know I'm tiny), held me close, and his lips felt so good. It was like they were made to fit my mouth. And when we let go, but still hugging, we both burst out laughing. That meeting was a long time coming.

Right away he took me to dinner. I'd honestly never seen a big city before and I was amazed at every damned thing. All the cars, all the people, all the lights. We whizzed past so much in his sexy sports car (it was a beautiful green). We pulled up right in front of some fancy Italian place - I'd never remember the name of it. But I remember the shrimp! He seemed to know the restaurant staff, and when I asked, he laughed and said yes, the menu was open. (Remember, I was a poor small-town gal.) I didn't remember being told I could have whatever I wanted since I was a little girl - and that was at McDonald's.

Shrimp - fresh shrimp - and pasta. And wine! And the desert - some kind of hot frothy champagne! And it was all so good! I've never had a dinner like that since. And everything was so pretty and fancy. I want to go back there so bad but I'd never find it.

Anyway, after dinner he took me straight away to his boat. Honestly, it was smaller than I'd imagined, but it was still something to see. It was a sailboat, and it had plenty of room. There was a triangular bed - and it looked cozy. He showed me around (including the bathrooms and showers at the harbor office - which was a little weird), I dropped my stuff, and off we went to the local bar to meet some of his friends.

I was so nervous. He knew everybody. And I remember this huge bartender gal who gave me the eye all night. I think she was sweet on him. But it was all good. We played pool and darts and we drank and he treated me like a lady the whole time - even when his hand strayed down and rubbed my ass through my jeans. That got me so hot.

And when we got back to his boat, we got the fireworks started. You know, when you do it for the first time with someone, you take it a little easy. Well, most of the time. That night I could tell he took it easy on me, and I was a little glad. I'd had a long day and he was a big boy. He did everything. He touched me and kissed me everywhere. And I mean he kissed me EVERYWHERE and for a long time. It a lot of guys will do that where I'm from. And he made me cum, but not without a little effort. Honestly, while it was all great, I didn't even care. I felt so good!

But it was the next night I'm actually talking about here. I mean, that first night was great, but it was a first time. The second night was definitely my best.

I remember we woke up late that second day. At first I didn't know where I was - it was a little weird to wake up on a boat. I remember feeling him close to me and very quickly feeling comforted. When I stretched a little he roused, and we started our day with a kiss. It was beautiful - just how it should be.

We lazed around the boat for a while, and finally went and got showered. Separately. I wanted to shower with him so much but there were other people around and we had to play it cool. At the time nobody knew he was living on his boat full time. So I played it cool and got myself nice and clean. (The showers were actually clean and really nice.)

I don't remember exactly what all we got up to that second day - not like when he took me to see those giant redwood trees (that was on the second visit when we fucked so good in that secret fairy circle). I remember seeing the ocean and there being incredible food (God knows I must've gained five pounds that week). Oh! And the beaches! There aren't any real beaches where I'm from. The ocean is incredible! But I remember the night.

He took me back across the bridge (that big beautiful red bridge) to the city and we met more of his friends. Of course there was more food, and more bar hopping. And I think it was that night when I fell a little in love with him. I remember feeling like such a teeny-bopper, telling one of his friends outside the bar how I felt about him. I drank so much.

When the night ended I was feeling positively frisky. We'd had our first time, we knew each other's bodies, and the awkwardness was gone. As we left the bar I was all over him. At one point he laughed, scooped me up and gently tossed me over his shoulder. It was too funny to protest and I laughed so hard I nearly passed out.

When we got in the car (again with the little sports car) all I could think about was getting his cock in my mouth. But that damned car was a stick shift and there was too much going on to get at him. I settled in and enjoyed the ride back to the marina, chatting, flirting, and watching all the lights go by.

Walking from the car to the gate, he said he needed to stop at the bathroom. He had a bathroom on the boat, but apparently he had to go something fierce and it couldn't wait. And this was when that nasty little part of my mind woke up. I mean, this is what you asked about, right?

When he opened the door to the bathroom, he was in a hurry and didn't notice me slip in behind him. He walked right up to the urinal, undid his pants and got out his cock. That's when I pounced.

He jumped when I put my hands on his hips and I giggled. He asked what I was doing - said something about being caught. I applied some pressure and guided him away from the urinal and in to the shower. I spun him around, sat him down on the little bench and closed the door behind me.

There he was, just sitting there, looking up at me, with his cock laying across his lower stomach. He stammered something and I put my finger to his lips. He kissed it.

I was in my element and all kinds of turned on. I was in charge. I slowly straddled him, put my hands on his shoulders and lightly ground my crotch against his cock. I felt him start to get hard immediately.

He likes to say he knew what I was doing and that he was all smooth about it. But he wasn't. I was there. Heehee. I kept slowly rubbing my crotch against his cock (it got so hot down there) and he started stammering something. "Sshhh baby," I said, "Let it flow." And that's when I think he got it.

He wasn't the only one who had to go.

I'd been doing this for a while on video, though not with anyone else, so I was pretty used to it. I felt my bladder loosen up, and I felt myself starting to go. I held his head in my hands, leaning forward to kiss him as my pee hissed out of me, soaking my pants, and dripping down and soaking him.

His cock lurched against me - hard - and our tongues danced in each other's mouths and I kept going. He wrapped his hands around my waist, and pulled me down on to him, grinding hard against his now steel cock, and I had to shift my hips back just a little to not stop the flow.

At last I ran dry. I broke the kiss and glanced down. We both giggled. We were soaked. The floor was wet. Luckily everything was running in to the drain. I said "Your turn." He laughed and asked me if I was kidding. He said his cock was too hard. And the next thing I knew he was standing up. "Come on," he said, gesturing to the shower. He turned on the water.

We stripped off fast. Wet clothes hit the floor, and we stepped naked in to the steamy water. We kissed again, hard, but this time he turned me around to face the wall and pulled at my hips. I stuck out my ass and in hot second he was in me. I was so wet, and it felt so good!

Neither of us lasted long. He held my chest while he fucked me, massaging my nipples with his fingers. I'm not sure which was harder: his cock or my nipples. As he took long hard strokes, I fucked my body back in to - on to his. I'm sure anyone walking by outside could hear our bodies slapping together.

We exploded at nearly the same time. He growled and started to cum and when I felt his cock swell it sent me over the edge. My pussy clamped down hard and we spawned together. I felt him shoot his load up inside me. It lasted a long time.

When our orgasms subsided, he hugged me close, his cock still buried inside me. Again I felt so warm, so good. And it didn't end there. He went soft, as guys will, and it slipped out of me. Even in the shower I felt his cum slide out and run down my leg - not that it mattered after what we'd just done.

I turned around and kissed him again. Then I hugged him close, and carefully positioned his cock against my stomach, pointing straight up. It was crazy, and I'd certainly never even thought of doing what I was doing, and I wanted to feel everything.

I looked up at him and asked with a wicked smile, "Didn't you have to go?" He closed his eyes and relaxed. I felt the change. And then I felt the hot. It was hot against my stomach, then hot against my chest, then the hot ran down my pelvis, down my legs, and joined the hot shower water. We kissed again, a long passionate kiss, as he peed between our bodies.

When he ran dry, after a long time, we broke our kiss, giggled, and rinsed off. Then, still giggling with the craziness of it all, we brushed as much water as we could - since we didn't have towels - threw on our shirts, jackets, and shoes, escaped the bathroom, and ran down the dock to the boat. Thank God it was a warm night or we would have frozen to death.

Neither of us was tired, probably because of the late start to the day. We dried off properly in the boat, and just as I put on a sweatshirt he called to me from up on the deck. I poked my head out of the hatch and saw him sitting in the cockpit with a big blanket wrapped around him. I climbed out and snuggled under the blanket with him. Like me he had on just some underwear and a shirt.

The night was beautiful. I was surprised at how many stars we could see. We talked for a while about stuff, and a little about what we'd just done. And of course thing heated up again. Sitting against him, I felt his cock harden against my back. My nipples responded and I could feel myself getting wet.

He reached around my body and down to my crotch and he started feeling me through my underwear. Oh God did his fingers know how to touch me. I was sitting with my legs a little apart and I spread them further. He started gently on the outside, lightly circling and massaging. As I heated up, his circles got smaller and he increased the pressure. My clit was going nuts every time his fingers brushed over it. Never mind that he was absolutely devouring my neck from behind me. I was in heaven.

At last I couldn't take it anymore. I broke away from him and stood up. And that shift in position is all it took to tell me I needed to use the toilet. When I told him I had to go again and I'd be right back, he smiled and mentioned the cockpit drained out to the water. And then I saw the drain. Duh.

I remember he stood up and shrugged off the blanket. His cock was straining hard against his underwear. I asked him how he wanted me. He took off his underwear - right there out in the open, and laid down on the floor. "I want you over me. Do it on me. I want to watch." Wow. My knees went a little weak. Nobody had ever said that to me before.

I stood over him, roughly at waist level.

"With or without my panties?"

"How bad do you have to go?"

"A lot. We drank a lot."

"Then both."

"Any place I should aim for?"

"Ya, aim for my cock. Pee on my cock."

I relaxed myself and waited a moment. Being so turned on made it difficult. At last I felt the wetness start to flow and then I was hissing in to my panties. My pee flowed nearly straight down on to his cock. Bullseye. I soaked him for a moment and then stopped. He looked up at me, and I turned around and stuck my ass out at him. And I relaxed again. I gave him quite the show.

I peed for a short bit like that, trying to hold the flow to a minimum, then stopped again (that was tough), and slowly peeled down my panties and kicked them in to the corner of the cockpit. I made sure to spread my cheeks and show him everything.

Then I turned around to face him again and squatted down over his cock.

"Now just watch this." And I started peeing again. His eyes were riveted to my flow as it left me and splattered on his cock. The night was warm enough there wasn't any steam.

When I finally stopped and breathed for a moment, he grabbed my hips and pulled me on to him. Again his cock was right in me, right there. Damn it was good. But I wanted to prolong things.

After grinding on him for a while, and feeling our heat starting to build, I stopped and sat back, letting his cock slide out of me.

He made a move for me.

"Not yet. It's your turn. You owe me."

"Oh? What do you want?"

"The same thing you got."

"But I'm all hard. I can't go with this."

I told him to figure it out. He told me to take off my shirt and lay back. I did.

He stood up and I could see him trying to relax. It was something seeing him standing there in the cockpit of his boat with his hard cock out for all the world to see. But it was like 3:00 in the morning so really nobody was around. I hope.

Anyway after a bit he tried bending his cock down a little to get it to go. I waited. Finally he just kneeled down in front of me.

"C'mon baby. You can do it."

He sighed and I knew it was coming. I braced myself a little. This was all so new. His pee erupted out of his cock straight at my belly. It was hot and splattered a little. He smiled mischievously and aimed his cock higher. His stream worked its way up to my chest and splattered all over my nipples.

I told him to go lower. I spread my legs open and told him to pee on my pussy. He did. Wow that was hot. So hot. I felt his stream course over my clit and I nearly came. I shuddered. When he stopped I looked up and simply said "take me".

He reached down, grabbed my hips, lifted and pulled me toward him. Then he mounted me. Ya, it was wet, my back got all wet, but God it was so hot. His cock slid in and out of me so easily and we were all wet with each other. We wrapped our bodies around each other and he fucked me hard. I'm not sure I came that time, but God I know he did. He was fucking me hard, then he started growling, and then he held himself deep in me, leaned back and roared. I felt his cock spasm and his cum shoot inside.

We were a mess. A hot mess. Wow what a night. While I laid there in the cockpit for a moment, he tiptoed inside the boat and got some towels. We wrapped up and walked up the dock to the showers. As we walked I felt his cum drip down my legs. I was still pretty worked up.

We showered quickly. We were tired and it was mostly business. The night was a little colder and we walked close back down to the boat. When we got there, he kissed me and told me to go lay on the bed. I crawled up and made myself cozy in the ample comforters and pillows there. I closed my eyes and noticed the lights dim. I smelled a candle.

And then he was there. He started at my feet. Just soothing touches at first, which then became massages. He worked his way up my legs and then I felt his mouth on my thighs. I knew what was coming and relaxed in to it. My legs parted and his mouth worked higher. Soon I felt his tongue on my more sensitive areas and not long after that I was grabbing at his head, pulling his hair, pulling his mouth in to me hard, and riding out a massive orgasm on his face. And it took everything right out of me.

I know I slept well after that. Whew! What a night. I could go on, but I think I answered your question.

So ya. That's my best experience with this. Ever. Hope you're happy with that. Sorry I don't dance or do the videos any more. That was some fun stuff.
