In the last episode of Nancy's experiences we saw her in a very embarrassing situation on a city bus where her bladder released accidentally flooding her clothes. She was experiencing a public wetting humiliation to the nth degree only to awaken to a wet bed. Nancy's wetting accident on the city bus was merely a dream, a dream that coincided with her wetting her bed after a night of beer drinking. But, the dream that seemed so real was not too far removed from some of Nancy's real experiences. You see, Nancy had more than a few public–wetting accidents in her twenty–two years. Her dream, referred to above, was indeed based upon similar incidents although it wasn't real itself. As a youngster when playing with friends she would always wait till the last minute before finding a bathroom often losing control at the bathroom door and spending her day trying to avoid the jeers of her friends. You would think that the discomfort of spending hours in wet jeans and the jeering of her peers would teach Nancy a lesson but she was stubborn if nothing else. She was always convinced that she was in complete control and that going to the bathroom was to be accomplished with the utmost discretion.
This brings us to an incident the twenty two year old Nancy experienced with her boyfriend on a Sunday afternoon on the way home from a picnic. They had gone to an overlook on the Blue Ridge Parkway and devoured Nancy's fried chicken and potato salad. Bruce had brought drinks and the condiments. It was a feast that far exceeded that needed by two people. But, it was a very hot day and drinks were copiously consumed. Although Bruce relieved himself several times that day, Nancy preferred to remain aloof of such a vulgar act. When they packed the car and drove off to go home Nancy was becoming a bit distressed with a full bladder.
Sitting still in the car revealed that it was more than a bit distressed. Nancy was by this time desperate to relieve herself and they were an hour or more from home. Most of that hour would be spent driving thru the forest on the Parkway. Nancy absolutely refused to pee in the woods so she kept her distress to herself. She was sure she could make it home.
Within minutes the inability to move about made her situation even more desperate. She was wearing forest green culottes with a white blouse and she had brought a lemon colored sweater. Pantyhose and loafers rounded out her outfit. As the waves of pressure from her bladder assaulted her sphincter muscle she pulled at and straightened the legs of her divided skirt just to giver her an excuse to move about. She turned often to look out the back window commenting occasionally on what she saw as if her actions had a purpose other than just fidgeting.
In fifteen minutes they would be off the Parkway and she could discreetly find an excuse to get Bruce to stop at a restroom. But, she was beside herself to come up with an excuse. By now she was crossing and uncrossing her legs frequently and after each move smoothing out the legs of her divided skirt. A couple of times she pulled her feet up into the seat with her knees tucked under her chin. All of these moves helped for a few seconds but had no lasting effect whatsoever. She definitely had to pee and it was obvious she could not make it home or very much farther for that matter. She wanted to put her hand into her crotch and hold herself but she didn't want Bruce to see her. She sprung up into her seat and leaned over the seat back and grabbed her sweater from the back seat. Straightening the legs of her skirt once again she neatly folded the sweater and placed it onto her lap. All of this movement provided her a measure of relief for a time.
She slid her right hand under the sweater and into her crotch. Then she crossed her left leg over her hand and her right leg. Bruce could not possibly know of her distress and already she was becoming more comfortable with her new holding routine. But, the pressure was unrelenting. She was now not only holding herself but also massaging herself. She could not think of a single place with a restroom that would be open on this Sunday afternoon. Her situation had rapidly deteriorated into complete desperation.
"Pull over," she said. "I need to walk around." "Why do you need to walk?" "Just pull over, stop the car, and let me out." "Dear God, I need to walk." Bruce replied, "You don't need to walk, you need to pee. I'm trying to get you someplace as fast as I can." She was on the verge of tears, "Just let me out, I've got to get out."
Bruce pulled over onto the shoulder of the road. When Nancy uncrossed her legs a long spurt of pee escaped her sphincter. Another spurt escaped as she swung her legs out the door and another as she stood up. She looked down and saw that the center pleats of her culottes were covering her accident so far. She took a few mincing steps to the rear of the car and all of a sudden bent over and crossed her legs. It was the last straw. Although her legs were crossed tightly her pee flowed with abandon.
She was peeing unabashedly. It flooded the legs of her culottes soaking far beyond what the pleats would cover. She was once again humiliating herself in public. This time even in front of her boyfriend. She glanced at a few cars as they passed and noted that the occupants were looking at her. She realized that her posture was such as to telegraph what she was doing even if no one could actually see her wet skirt.
The relief from the distended bladder was exhilarating but the fact that she had wet herself like a child was humiliating. She had to face Bruce and she couldn't possibly conceal what she had done. Anyway, he seemed to know that she was in distress. This might well be the last of Bruce. She was still holding her sweater and it dangled in front of her. But, she could see that it wouldn't cover the evidence of her accident.
She stood waiting for the dripping to stop when she heard the car door open. Bruce opened the trunk and retrieved an oversized beach towel. He handed it to her and said: "Wrap yourself in this making sure it is under you before you sit in the car." She looked at him in shock as if he were her father scolding her as had been done on several occasions. Then Bruce put his arm around her and said to come along. "It's all right. I'll get you home without anyone knowing. It will be our secret." In gratitude to Bruce's sensitivity and in humiliation for what she had done Nancy spent most of the trip home trying not to bawl her eyes out.
She slid her soaked self into the seat and started once again to arrange the legs of her skirt feeling the wetness and thoroughly embarrassed. She looked over at Bruce and noted that he was severely aroused. Bruce muttered: "Your place or mine?" just in time to keep her from bawling her eyes out.
DaveJ