Title: none given

By: Proflig8tr

Athens Georgia is the home of the University of Georgia, where there is a plethora of college age drunk 18 to 22 year old women and men who seem to have some familiarity with the "challenges" described in the excellent femaledesperation.com pages.

One event occurred just after I bought a small aircraft to build flight time in. I was dating a 22 year old brunette named Beth who was about 5'4" and 109lbs. Her mother is of French decent and her father English. She had dark features and pale - sort of green eyes which were rather striking. Beth's family was quite well to do and she was athletic - having been a cheerleader in High School and on the swim team at UGA.

One Sunday we flew up to Rome, GA to eat at a sandwich shop located at the airport. In Georgia summer days get very warm and she drank a large sweet tea with lunch. Afterwards we looked around the airport at the other private aircraft. I bought us both a Coke before we climbed back into the plane for the trip home. I asked her if she had to make any stops before we left and she said no. I warned her of the fact we could not exactly "pull over to the side of the road" on he way - but she said she was fine. I had noticed her "endurance" was not all that long before, but did not really think about it at the time.

As we climbed out from the airport she told me she was a little nervous because of some light turbulence we were experiencing out of Rome. She commented that this made her have to pee, but laughed it off. I distracted her by asking her to take the controls and we flew over the mountains at about 5,000 feet. She started shifting her weight from side to side and I was fascinated watching her crotch twist as she shifted her legs against one another. She was wearing khaki shorts and her legs were even darker since she had been making extra money as a lifeguard during the summer. We had not really slept together yet and so everything which was beyond that cotton seam was a mystery to me.

As we climbed through 6,500 feet she asked, is there any where we can land, like soon? I said no, after all, we were over the southern part of the Blue Ridge mountains. I told her the closest place I could think of was Mercer's farm, which is a private airfield and is not really open to the general public. Even so, it was over 60 miles away and did not have a restroom. Beth moaned and said, I'm getting wet, is there not anything you can do? I offered her a plastic jug which had served the purpose before, but never for a girl, and certainly never one like her. She half considered it for a moment before her upbringing took over and she said no, I can't do that. I reached over her crotch to adjust the trim and thought I could smell just a faint tinge of her wetness but could not be sure.

Her mood got more serious as we droned on. Due to the size of the cockpit, her legs were right up against the side of mine and I could feel her as she squirmed back and forth. I had to move some myself in an attempt to hide my arousal at her distress. I had never really been interested wetting before, but when Beth undid her seat belt and I saw a teardrop shaped stain at the middle of her crotch I about lost it. She caught me looking and turned away - but she put her hand down between her legs and reclined a little, obviously trying to hold it in. The drama and mystery of her wet panties held me entranced.

At 139 knots, we made Mercer's farm in a little over twenty minutes. I pulled the power back only slightly and made a rapid decent. As we got lower the turbulence picked up again and she would grunt and push with her hand as we would get bumped around.

On final Beth said "I'm going" - but then caught herself. I attempted the smoothest landing possible and rolled to a stop about mid field. I had already popped the canopy to let some cooler air in and Beth started to climb over my seat to exit on the left side of the airplane. As she did I caught a glimpse around the leg opening in her shorts. The wetness made her white underwear stick to her. Her clitoris had a vertical line over it, leading to a damp area the size of her hand. She said "oh God" as she scrambled over
the wing of the little Grumman. She second she got of the wing she squatted and let go.

I looked around toward the building Mr. Mercer kept his aircraft in and did not see anyone. Beth was oblivious to the fact I watched the hard stream emanating from her and reached over to hold her. I asked if I could touch her there and she said yes, softly. She said she had never done that around a guy before but that it made her trust me. She confessed in High School she would touch herself while peeing and get very aroused.

I asked if I could do that in the future and she said yes. And that is how I came to share your fetish.

