I have an algebra test today, but I didn't study. This morning I woke up by the ringing of the alarm clock, but just knew I wasn't going to school. I am a senior, and failing this test could be the end of my academic career. I thought of a way out; I would pretend to be sick. I didn't do this often because I was a good girl... overall. I rarely needed to make excuses, but today was the exception.
The alarm rang for about three minutes before mom came in. She shook me, and asked me if I was awake. I was, of course, but I pretended not to be. After a few seconds, I rose suddenly, and sat up. I told mom of my upset stomach, and my throbbing head. She had no reason to doubt me since I almost never missed school.
I told her I just couldn't go to school today, and she agreed. I was home alone! Mom or dad didn't get home until after 7:00. I had 12 hours to myself. I intended to go back to sleep, and then study for a few hours. With this, I could pass the make–up test tomorrow. At first, I did just as I planned. I lay back down as Mom and Dad got ready and went to work. After they left, I went back to sleep. I slept for about thirty minutes before waking back up. I wanted to go back to sleep, but couldn't. I felt cheated out of a day to sleep late, but I was not tired.
After about one more hour of lying in bed, I decided I might as well get up. I put my sleeping pants and shirt on, and went into the bathroom. I pulled down the light blue sleeping pants, and my panties. I sat on the toilet, just as I do every morning. I had just started to push the pee out as I had an idea. I don't get the chance to be home alone often, so I should make the most of this. I rubbed my bush as I thought of an orgasm, but this seemed ordinary. After all, I do masturbate several times a week. I usually just finger myself under the covers in my bed. I didn't think fingering myself would get me off today.
I had a much more devious plan. I got off the toilet before peeing. I needed to think of the way to best pleasure myself.
I lay back in bed. The urge to pee was getting urgent. I had an idea– I had toyed with peeing in my panties ever since I felt the tingling in my privates. This was the chance, the best time ever. I could do ANYTHING, and have it cleaned up in the next 11 hours. I tried to find pornography on the TV to get me in the mood, but had no luck. I desperately wanted to see a woman being pleasured, but none was on at 8:00 in the morning. I lay back and rubbed myself up and down. There was a few times I almost came all over my sheets, but I held it back. I needed to live out my most secret fantasy– peeing myself.
I rubbed myself for fifteen minutes, but I couldn't cum. I didn't want to, not before I peed myself. I finally decided that I was going to pee in my white cotton panties. I took off my sleeping pants, and lay on my back. Before I even seriously tried to pee, I thought of my bedding. I didn't want to spend the entire day washing panties, sleep pants, sheets, and bedding. I needed a better plan.
Dad has old towels in the basement. I could lay them on my bed, then pee all day, and not get caught. I got the towels, and laid them out. I lay on my back in my panties and tight half shirt. I thought of all thoughts that I finger myself to, but couldn't pee. I pushed and pushed, but just couldn't pee my bed.
I did not want to give up this fantasy; I was way too horny. I went into the bathroom, and sat on the toilet. But, I did not pull my panties or sleeping pants down. I sat on the toilet just as if it were a chair. I sat, and fingered myself for a few minutes. I really needed to pee. I tried to pee in my panties, but just couldn't. I kept fingering myself, but just couldn't cum. I needed to pee my panties to fulfill my fantasy and cum.
I tried harder, but couldn't. I rubbed myself again and again. I drank all the water that I could hold. Finally, the need to pee was uncontrollable. Still sitting back on the toilet, I leaned back. I pushed as hard as I could, but it wouldn't come out. I pushed harder, with no luck. Finally I relaxed and rubbed my nipples. It felt so good. Here it comes, I am going to pee my panties. I relaxed and let it come. Here it is, it's coming now, no stopping it. Look at my panties– they will be getting wet soon.
Here it is, the warm pee. I see it form between my legs. I stop after a drop and examine myself while rubbing myself through my panties. I don't see anything. I need to pee more. Push Harder. I am doing it! I am peeing my panties! I see it and it is a dark spot. It is getting larger, and I couldn't stop it, even if I wanted to.
I hear the tinkle in the toilet, and then I cum like I have never cummed before. It is over! I peed my panties, and came, what will I do for the next 9 hours?
By: Susan Beach