All Day Picnic
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by Anthony63 on September 5th, 2010 at 3:27PM

Dawn and I had arranged to spend the day at one of our nearby State Parks. I picked her up at 8:00 am with a picnic basket and a cooler. We stopped for breakfast on the way and both had two cups of coffee. I thought about using the men's room because I knew the facilities where we were going were few and far between, but without any real need, I decided to skip it. Dawn didn't go either.

We arrived at the park and scouted out an area where we could be assured of a bit of privacy. In due course, we opened the cooler and refreshed ourselves with colas, bot of us drinking several throughout the morning. By noon, I had a strong urge to pee, but was too embarrassed to say so. I figured sooner or later Dawn would bring the subject up and then we would both head for the facilities. We had lunch, but I nursed one cola rather than gulping down two as I normally would. I couldn't help notice she did also. 

After lunch she suggested we play with a frisby. I agreed but soon found the bouncing up and down to be torture on my bladder. How my petite girlfriend was able to manage all the liquid she had without seeming desperate was beyond me. 

I finally hit upon a plan to be able to pee. I tossed the frisby over her head and into a ravine. She looked at me and said, "No way I'm going down there with the spiders and other creepy crawlies. You can go after it." Perfect!

I went down the ravine. It was quite steep and deep. At the bottom was a small but rapid moving stream. I quickly maneuvered my self into a position where I was hidden from her view, but could still see her. I quickly unzipped and added my stream to the creek, all the while keeping up small talk so she wouldn't suspect anything. 

When I got up to the top again, she seemed to be in some discomfort, but when I asked her if anything was wrong, she said all was fine. Throughout the afternoon Dawn became more fidigity. She refused another cola. Small wonder! Three cans and 2 cups of coffee would make 48 ounces in her system. Since an adult female bladder is supposed to hold 16 ounces when full, I'm sure she was straining herself. 

We had spread a blanket and now lay down and started fooling around. I began to fondle her breasts, but she pushed my hand away, saying, "That will make me wet myself." I asked why, and she said it just does, that's all. She still want to be kissy-huggy and I let my hand stray down to her waistline. Her tummy was as hard as a rock. She moaned and pulled away. I could tell she was torn between wanting to saty and wanting to go---literally.

Finally, unable to conceal her need any longer she jumped up and begged that we find the toilets right away or she would ruin her clothes. I suggested she simply go into the woods but she refused, citing the bugs again. I finally told her to do it in the clearing behind a tree and I would not look. She told me that I should do it first. Truth was, it had been some time since my trip to the ravine and I did need to go again. How she could hold all that when I already had peed out a huge amount. 

I did go, but watched her squirm all the while I was peeing away. When I returned, she rushed past me to the tree I had used this time a squatted down.

True to my word, I didn't peek, but I sure enjoyed listening to a powerfull stream of pee that went on and on and on...More exciting that the splashing was the sighs of relief Dawn made throughout her two minute performance.

