The Lady Godiva Game (part 2)
	This story recounts a game at a convention in which a woman winds up being unexpectedly exhibited nude in front of a large group, and simultaneously subjected to a severe test of her bladder holding capacy. Just a bit of consensual sex.
By Francine 

By the time Sylvia reached her tenth table, her smile had faded. She was bravely trying to show herself as the rules required, but the discomfort of her overdistended bladder had now turned to real pain. Her condition was noticeable to those she approached. To make matters worse, at that very moment the group on stage completed their activity, and the spotlight flitted about the room for a moment, then focusing again on Sylvia. Somehow, she felt everyone in the room was aware of her intense discomfort and somehow enjoying it.

A woman addressed her "Mrs. Montfort, I don't see how you can go through this. All that stuff you've been drinking - don't you need a bathroom stop?"

"The rules say I cannot leave the room," Sylvia replied, with obvious distress. "I need a bathroom stop! it probably shows! No, it really hurts!" her voice trailed off.

"You can't leave the room?" a man asked of her.

"That's right!" Sylvia replied. 

"But they didn't say you couldn't have some relief if you stayed in the room, now did they?"

"Don't tease me," Sylvia responded, "It hurts something awful! I don't know how to get through this!" The distress and discomfort was showing.

The man was holding a large plastic cup which had held a soft drink. "I brought this in - it's empty, now. I'd let you fill it, if you want to, right here! It's big enough to help you at least a little, and I could empty it outside. It's white so no one would know what's in it!"

Sylvia looked at him at first with apprehension, then disdain. "Thank you, sir, but I don't think I could do something like that!" Her attitude was cool and a bit formal. 

"Sorry, I meant no harm. Just wanted to help!" he commented as she moved away.

The lady seated next to the man who had offered the cup turned to him "How could you offer her something like that? You didn't expect her to accept that offer, did you? That was an awful thing to say! She's embarrassed enough at what she's having to do!"

"I just thought she might welcome a chance for relief! I don't see how she can keep going!" he shrugged.

She got through the next two tables with a minimum of conversation.

It was evident that she was suffering considerable physical distress. She drank the obligatory drinks with formality, received the markings on her body, and moved on.

At the fourteenth table, Sylvia tried to keep up her composure, but she was rapidly losing it. Her mind was on her bladder, visibly swollen. As people wrote on her stomach, several had commented on the swelling or the hardness they could feel. The pain was getting to be intense, and she wondered how long she could restrain her need to urinate. Her internal torment was getting unbearable.

Suddenly she shifted direction. Instead of going to the next table in order, she retreated down the route she had come, her eyes searching out for someone she had passed earlier. A number of people spoke to her, but she ignored most of them.

Finally she found what she was looking for. She was back at the table where the man was sitting with the plastic cup. She stood beside him, greeting the others briefly, then turned to him. "You offered me the chance to - to use that cup, if I'd do it here?" she asked, in a rather low voice.

Every eye at the table now focused on her. "Yes, I did, but it didn't seem like a good idea. No one else here thought I should have done it. I'm sorry - I didn't mean to annoy you!"

"Is the offer still available?" she asked, averting the eyes of the others.

"If you want to, but I'm really sorry, I don't think it was a good idea!"

"Right now, it's the best idea that's come to me - really, I've got to do something - I'm sorry, too!"

She hardly knew how to continue.

He held out the cup. "Would you hold it in place - under me? And tell me when it's getting full, because I could probably fill it several times! Please?"

She felt her face flush, as those at the table stared. The man, flustered, held the cup under her as she spread her legs slightly. "Please watch! I may be messy! I haven't done it like this before!"

A number of people around were staring, now, aware of what was about to happen. The man held the cup just under her genitals, with a gap of only an inch or so. She looked straight ahead, avoiding the eyes of all those staring at her. She tried to relax.

After a bit a stream began to pour into the cup. People stretched their necks, trying to see the action. The man holding the cup kept it steady, trying to see the filling contents. After a few seconds he told her, rather loudly, "It's getting full - can you stop?" She tried. 

It was difficult, even harder to stop the stream than to restrain her bladder earlier. She managed, however, and stopped before the cup was full - barely. She had let out perhaps a pint; nowhere near all that she contained, but enough to afford her a lessening of the pain. 

Minimizing her eye contact, she said quietly to the man who had offered the cup, "Thank you!I don't know how I could go on without something like that! I hate to leave you with that, though!" 

He held the cup, filled with her warm urine, a bit foamy. "Never mind! I'll take it out and empty it. Glad I could help you. Come back if you need to!"

"I've got to go on," she said, to no one in particular.

Relieved somewhat, she returned to her table visits. The entertainment program went on, as a folkloric group present a dancing and music exhibition. Still, many eyes focused on Sylvia wherever she moved. She knew that whatever was on stage, she remained a major attraction, and, every time the stage event halted, even for a few seconds, the spotlight was inevitably trained on her.

Her stomach was filled up with writing, and now people were writing the table numbers and signatures on other places. Her buttocks were beginning to accumulate some inscriptions, and at least one man had pointedly chosen to write his table's inscription on her breast, holding it gently while the writing was done. Sylvia had thought of objecting to this liberty being taken, but decided not to make an issue of it. At the table following, she motioned to the other breast when the pen was produced, suggesting "Maybe I need some balance - why don't you put it here?"

At the table where she had eaten, her spouse and the other guests watchfully monitored her progress. Several had noticed the incident with the cup. After it, Helga had observed, "I don't see how she could do that! In front of everyone!" She shook her hook in amazement.

Freida was at least sympathetic. "After you drink so much, you're going to be so uncomfortable - well, you have to do something!"

Hans observed, "I think most women would just have headed for a toilet"

"Not Sylvia!" Marianne responded. "That lady's not going to give up - she's determined to do everything the game requires! But I know I couldn't have done it"

Art shook his head, just a bit. "That's my wife," he said with resignation.

After a number of additional table visits, Sylvia was observed to again depart from her route. Her eyes searched for the table of the man who had offered her the cup. Slowly, by a circuitous route, she moved toward the place where he had sat.

He saw her coming. There was eye contact. As if to offer aid, he held up, just slightly, the cup she had used before, now emptied. He nodded to her. She approached him.

"I don't know who you are, but no one else has offered to help me - would you do it again? I need it desperately! I'm so full, and it hurts so bad!" her voice was low, but shaking, and her distress was visible and real. The ritual of the cup was repeated, this time with many more watchers.

As the cup was about a third full, applause broke among the audience for the on stage performer. As he departed the stage, the spitlight was turned directly on Sylvia, standing and urinating into the cup. It took a moment for even those nearby to grasp what they were watching. A gasp went up from several, mild applause from a few others. The humiliation of it struck her; her muscles froze. Her stream stopped, her bladder still painfully full.

The man started to remove the cup. "Don't!" she protested, "I'm not finished - please hold it!" The cup was returned, the holder now clearly illuminated in the spotlight. She finished filling the cup.

"Thank you! I may be back!" she said, in parting, as he rose with the full cup, preparing to leave the room. Only at this point did the spotlight leave her.

A woman seated near the man stared at him. "How could you do that - right at our table! With that spotlight on us! This was an awful spectacle without everyone seeing that here! I can't take any more. I'm leaving!" Fury was in her voice, as she and the man accompanying her arose and left the room. Others at the table followed suit,including, finally, the man who had come to Sylvia's aid.

Sylivia continued her required circulation.

She approached her own table. Art looked at her, "How are you holding up?" he asked her.

"All right at the moment, but it's been rough. "Here, you can write on me - everyone has been doing it!" She presented her body. The guests looked at each other, wondering who should do the writing. They were looking at Art. "One of you do it - not me!" he requested.

"Are you ashamed of me?" Sylvia asked, plaintively.

"Never!" Art exclaimed, breaking into a smile. He took the pen, and started to write on his wife's stomach. He commented "Hard to find a place! look's like you're getting used up!"

She pointed to her breast, bearing only one inscription on each. "Here - might as well be you as someone else!" He accepted the invitation, and complied.

"We saw the guy with the cup! I don't see how you did that!" Helga observed, half in admiration, half in disgust. 

"Well," Sylvia replied, after a moment's hesitation, "Let's say, a lady has to do what a lady has to do. I didn't think I could do it either, but the pain was killing me. I had to do something!"

Art just nodded. She accepted her required drink from them, then moved on.

After she had left, Art excused himself briefly. He located one of the hotel's serving staff. Explaining his identity, he offered his room key. "My wife's clothes and belongings are on stage, behind the edge of the curtain. I want you to collect her things and take them to our room. Bring me back the key!" He accompanied the man to the stage stairs, where he explained to the committee chairman the errand.

A few minutes later, after Art returned to the table, the man appeared, bearing the room key. The errand was completed, he reported. Art acknowledged the service with a suitable gratuity.

Meanwhile, oblivious to her husband's activity, Sylvia continued. Twenty minutes or so after leaving his table, her bladder was again very full, the result of her continued liquid intake. This time she sought relief before the situation became painful, as she knew it would. She ceased to move along the obvious route, and headed back to the table of the one who had twice assisted her with relief. Eyes all around the room followed her movements, anticipating her intention.

She reach the table where she had received the blessed relief before. No one was there; the table was empty. She glanced about quickly for a sign of the cup, or the man who had offered it. It was obvious he had departed, the cup accompanying him, perhaps to become a treasured souvenir.

Relief had obviously eluded her. She began to wonder if she could make it through the remainder of the evening. The tension in her pelvic area was increasing as her bladder continued to distend. She would have to get by without any way to relieve herself.

Sylvia returned to her route and continued her movement. She reached the last table just as the final act came on stage. She finished her duties in short order, downing the last drink required of her - this time she accepted the wine. After collecting the signature, she moved to the table with the Committee Chairman. She approached him.

"I've run out of tables", she reported. "And every one in the room has stared at me! Is there anything left?" Her voice was impatient, reflecting her internal distress. She quickly got her response, as two committee members rose and approached her.

"We need to check the signatures and table numbers - did everyone sign in?" The first committee man smiled at her,looking at thge writing scrawled all over her body. "Looks like everyone did!" commented the second, viewing the accumulation of writing. "But we have to check!"

They began going over her body, one calling out the tables which were recorded on her skin, as the second marked them off on a list. It was a laborious process, taking several minutes, and drawing the attention of all around. As the man looking her over read off the inscriptions, he reviewed her stomach carefully, then worked up her body. At one point he realized that some of the writing was obscured by her drooping breasts. Embarassed himself, he hesitatingly asked her, "Mrs. Montfort, I can't read some of the writing here - could you raise, er, lift your ---?" Words failed him, as he could not think of a discreet word for her breasts. Sylvia understood, however, and raised her breasts with her hands, as he inspected the area under them. The review done, she lowered them. 

After a few minutes, the officials conferred. "Mrs. Montfort, I think we can confirm that you have been recorded at all tables. I think you can return to your own seat until the closing event, which should be in just a few minutes!" Gratefully, she retired to her own table, where Art and the others awaited her.

"Is Lady Godiva allowed to return here? I think I've made it through all the tables!" Sylvia greeted them. Her expression and nervous demeanor belied her physical distress as well as her lost modesty.

She received congratulations from her table mates, but cut them short. "All I'm waiting for is the end of this thing - so I can get my clothes on and head for the Ladies' - all those drinks - you can't imagine how I need to go!"

"You had that cup a couple of times!" Marianne interjected.

"I could have it used it again and again - I never was able to empty myself - come on, let's get this over!" The urgency in her voice was apparent. She wasn't interested in further conversation. After a couple of minutes, she stood, in obvious discomfort, and began to nervously pace about at the side of the room.

As the last act moved from the stage, the Master of Ceremonies took his place to announce the end of the festivities and close the evening. After a thank you to the performers, the Entertainment Committee and some others, he then issued a call. "Sylvia Montfort - Our Lady Godiva! Please come to the stage!"

Sylvia, now standing at the side of the room, struggling to last through the last minutes of her ordeal, came rapidly forward. Unlike her earlier feigned nonchalance, she now held her body tightly with both hands; her right positioned just under her breasts, obviously to minimize the motion of those parts as she almost ran to the stage; her left tightly pressed to her pubic area. Some might have thought she was trying to preserve her modesty, though Sylvia herself had abandoned any hope of that. She only hoped she could keep her painful bladder from leaking through the last few moments.

She stepped up to the stage. As she moved to the center, her eyes searched for the clothes tree on which her dress and underwear had been hung. It was nowhere to be seen.

"Sylvia," the M. C. addressed her, "We never expected you to volunteer for this game, and, if you did, we never thought you would be chosen. We've known your husband for years, but until now we haven't seen much of you. Tonight we made up for that!" Laughter erupted from the audience as they contemplated the double meaning.

"Sylvia Montfort, you did everything the game required, and I think we all share in this - you were magnificent!" He motioned with his hand to the naked woman standing beside him, as a round of applause broke out, turning into a standing ovation.

Sylvia accepted the applause, trying to smile as she endured yet another pang of pain from her swollen abdomen. Her hand pressed to the source of the discomfort, not unnoticed by those watching.

"Sylvia, I know this has not been easy for you; and, even now we can see how uncomfortable you are. You were great, and since you did everything the rules require, it is my privilege to present to you the prize money - you earned it well!" He held out to her an envelope holding the prize award.

"Anything you 'd like to say?"

Sylvia grasped the microphone, still holding her other hand pressed to her pubic area while she held her legs pressed together.

"I thank you; it was never my idea to do this when I came here tonight; but you chose me in the drawing, and I have tried to do what was expected. But - I could have done with about forty less drinks! All I want now is my clothes, and will everyone please clear a path for me to the ladies' room?"

A loud round of laughter and applause arose. "Sylvia", the M. C. continued. "your distinguished spouse arranged to have your clothes, jewelry, and other things taken to your room upstairs. And now, with our thanks and appreciation for you both, I'm calling for him to come forward and escort you there himself!"

Sylvia looked dumfounded. "He's going to take me out of here naked?" she asked, shocked.

Art rushed forward, taking off his coat as he came. He strode up the steps, and placed the coat over his wife's bare shoulders. The M. C. shook hands with each of them, as Sylvia, dressed only in her husband's jacket, a bewildered expression on her face and one hand still trying to hold her bottom, joined him and walked toward the door.

"Art - what is this? I can't go out there; not into the lobby? My whole bottom is bare!" she complained to him as she half walked, half ran, to the exit.

"Looks like you're covering the important part with your hand! Come on - it'll only be a few seconds! By the way, you were absolutely magnificent! I've got the best looking wife in the room!"

"You mean the most looked at! Absolutely everyone has seen every inch of me! Now look, you've got to let me stop at the ladies! Oh, I never had to go so bad in my life!"

"Not a chance! The only stop you're making is our room! And, incidentally, I think I've got the sexiest wife in the group, too! I'm not letting this go without the right way to end it!" He ushered her through the crowd, out the main door, and quickly to a lift someone was holding open for them.

The door closed. They shared the lift with several others from the banquet. Sylvia was showered with praise for her performance from the other occupants. She nodded politely, not relaxing her grip on her pubic region.

They got out at their floor, and Art quickly led her to their room. He fumbled just a bit with the key. "Hurry! Or I'm going to water the floor! I never had to hold so much or so long! Hurry!"

He got the door open. As they entered, he removed the jacket from her shoulders. He took his naked wife by the hand and turned her to face him. "You were absolutely the greatest!" he told her, as he kissed her with enthusiasm. She tried to push him away, but gently. "I've got to get some relief! Quickly!" she tried to tell him.

"Just a moment", he pleaded. "You've been parading around naked in front of four hundred people! Don't I get a good look at you, too?"

"Look quick!" she replied, turning full front to him, a hand still holding her pubic area. "And, whose idea was it, anyway? You didn't warn me about this! I wasn't ready- look at me! I didn't trim my hair down there, I didn't pick clothes to take off easily! I would never have done this if your committee hadn't thought up this idea of a game! Why couldn't you have told me?" Her voice reflected not only her physical anguish, but more than a touch of anger.

"It wasn't my idea, either! The committee came up with it on their own! I never thought you would have volunteered for it! But - you did look great!" His voice stopped as he moved toward her.

His hands went to her breasts, holding her by the nipples. He kissed her. She protested. "Later! I've got to pee! Oh, my bladder hurts so bad! I told you - I've got to get some relief!"

"Let's both get some" he replied, releasing his grip on one breast only to enable him to unfasten his own clothing. She found her other breast held in his lips. Still she pressed her hand on her vulva, trying to keep her bladder from emptying. "Let me go" she protested, just a bit more feebly, "You don't know how full my bladder is!"

"Yes, I do," Art replied. "Mine is, too. I haven't been since dinner, either. But right now there's a more important need!"

"Your bladder isn't holding forty glasses worth!"

"Yours isn't either! I saw you urinate into those cups! That was the sexiest thing I saw you do! How could you?"

"When your bladder's swollen to twice its size, you can let it out anywhere you can! Look - I'm a lot fuller than you are! It hurts - worse than it's ever hurt!"

At this point they were both naked. He put her hand on his abdomen, saying "Feel me. Don't I feel full?"

His hand found her pubic area. He palpated her swollen, hardened bladder. "You know," he commented, "You've got the sexiest bladder I've ever felt!"

"How many have you felt?" she responded. Her hand slipped just a bit and touched his firm, erect penis. She gripped it just slightly.

Suddenly she let go her grasp, and ran into the bathroom.

"Oh, it's never been this bad!" she complained, heading for the toilet. She seated herself, moaning softly, her eyes closed. She tried to relax her sphincters. She tried to no avail. Nothing happened. 

"Oh", she groaned again, moving her legs apart, again trying to relax her muscles. Another light moan escaped her lips, but her bladder refused to empty, despite its obvious bulge.

"I can't let it out!" she groaned, in some desperation. "Art, try to help me! Try to massage me a bit - maybe it'll help me let go "

Art came to her. He pressed on her bladder, just below her navel. She made a pained expression, but there were no results. He slipped his hand down, to her genital area, and fondled her there just a bit. Her pained expression eased just a bit. "A little more", she asked slowly. 

His hand moved around in her genital area. He toyed with her hair, then slipped a finger inside her. His other hand seized a nipple. She gasped slightly. "Not yet! I need to pee so badly - aren't you going to let me? My bladder was never this full before!"

She felt his hand pull her nipple, as another moved in her genitals. He began to nudge her from her seat. "Aren't you going to let me?" she asked, now rather weakly, "my bladder's so full, and it's so hard! - or are you wanting to feel it from the inside?"

For an answer, he applied his hand to her breasts in silence. She sensed her own arousal. "It doesn't hurt quite as bad as it did - but I couldn't take any pressure on it!" Her protests were diminishing.

He quickly moved her from the toilet,. He dropped a bath towel on the floor, falling onto it, then pulling her on top of him. "Oh, but it hurts!" she protested again, as she was drawn into position straddling him. Suddenly she felt his organ enter her, somehow passing through her vaginal opening with its tightly clenched muscles. There was just a bit of motion. Then he stopped.

"Does it really hurt?" he asked her. She nodded, then moved up and down a bit. Then a bit more. Suddenly she, too,stopped. "It feels so strange..." she said. He began movement, slowly, then increasing. She felt the feeling change from pain to a kind of strange fullness. She somehow didn't want it to end. She held her muscles clamped tight.

He seized her erect nipples, pulling them wide apart and stretching her breasts. Her whole body seemed wracked with tension; her genital muscles tightly clenched to restrain herself from urinating, her pelvic region distended with her overfilled bladder, her nipples and breasts pulled and stretched. Her arms tried to grasp Art's, to ease the tension on her breasts, but then she dropped them as the strains throughout her body rose. Her mouth opened as if to cry, but emitted no sound. Suddenly she felt her body seem to explode as though an electric flash had passed through her nerves; she tensed, then felt her muscles gradually loose the tension as she felt him explode in a second crescendo of energy. 

They collapsed slowly to the hard floor. Suddenly she again became aware of the pain caused by her swollen bladder. She tried to release it, but her body still wouldn't cooperate. She spoke to her spouse, all but unconscious under her. "I've got to pee! And it won't come out!"

She lay for a moment, then scrambled off of him. She half knelt, half squatted in the nearby shower stall. She was still trying to release her bladder, to no effect. "Help me, Art! It won't come out! Oh, there's so much in there!" He moved to her, still drained from his own release. He put his hand on her abdomen, feeling its hardness.

"Push on it!" she demanded, as she spread her legs a bit. He pressed, gently. Her distress was very real, as the pain within her intensified. Art looked at her, watching for some sign of results. After a bit, there was a trickle from her. She said nothing, just held her legs widely apart and assumed a squatting position. The trickle became a stream, and then the stream grew in strength.

She raised herself slowly to a standing position in the shower stall, her spouse in front of her. His hands slipped up from pressing on her bladder to gripping her breasts. She tilted her head back, tossing her gray hair behind her, relishing the relief as her bladder forcefully emptied. Her hand moved forward a bit, touching his stomach. He looked down at the stream of almost clear liquid pouring forcefully from her, the results of all those drinks she had consumed through the evening. Her hand found his largely flaccid penis, and pointed it at her own streaming genital area. "Don't you need some relief, too?" she asked suggestively, while holding his organ.

He tried to relax, trying to allow his own urine stream to release. Sylvia looked down, observing his penis, gently gripped in her hand. Her own stream continued to pour out of her. Though he would have scarcely thought it possible, his erection returned rapidly as he watched her urination pour down over the legs of them both. Despite his own need, his erection prevented his urination. "Can't you let go?" Sylvia asked, "I know you need to!"

He tried to release; but now it was he who couldn't let go. He shook his head to answer her question. "I can't let go! It just doesn't work! I'm too---" he fumbled for the right word.

"Worked up?" she said, looking down at his erect organ, as her own urination finally came to and end. "You poor guy! What can we do about that?"

Almost without thinking, he was squeezing and spreading her breasts. Her eyes opened and she smiled at him, the pain of her bladder now ended. "You couldn't have done that twenty years ago - they wouldn't have stretched that far!" she said to him slowly, as her hand tightened around his erect member. 

Her urine stream ended, Sylvia reached for the shower faucet. "We're a mess!" she observed, turning on the warm water, which cascaded on them both. He continued to hold her breasts, and she his erect penis. In a few seconds she turned the water off, and reached for a towel. She quickly wiped herself off, then toweled down her husband, as they momentarily released their grips on each other. Grasping him by his erect penis, she led him from the bathroom to the bed, where she fell on her back, her legs spread slightly, his member still in her grasp. "There must have been four hundred people who got to see me this way", she observed, "and I was wondering if looking at me can still do things for you. Guess I got my answer!" Her hand again again grasped his erect penis.

"You're holding the evidence" was all he could think to say, looking at his nude wife spread across the bed, her hand still grasping him.

"I think it's time to fix this!" she said, indicating with a tug what she meant, "We need to get you some bladder relief!" He got the hint.

A few minutes later, both of them felt drained of energy. 

Two such experiences in succession was more than they'd had in many years. Sylvia watched, lying naked on her back on the bed, as her spouse rose. "Going to get that relief, now?" she asked, a bit weakly. He nodded, rising to move to the bathroom.

Mustering all of her remaining energy, Sylvia struggled to follow him. "You watched me - something you haven't done in a long time! Now it's my turn!"

She steered him into the shower. Her hand took his penis. "I'll take care of this - you need your hands for other things!" she instructed him. His hand rose to grasp her nipple.

He was now relaxed. Even with her hand on his organ, it was flaccid. Slowly his urine stream began, directed by her to the shower wall. She moved him around a bit, just playing with the stream. It took him a long time to empty himself. Her hand did not release its gentle grip. When the stream ended, she tugged him back to the bed. Extinguishing the light, they fell unclad to the sheets, both of them exhausted, and soon fast asleep.

The sunlight woke her up, coming through the slight opening in the drawn curtains. She lay there a moment, considering the intensity of the light, suggesting that it was no longer early. She quickly became aware of an urgent feeling in her bladder, demanding to be emptied of the residue of last night's liquid intake. She looked about her. The sheet had almost completely slipped off both of them, and they lay side by side, she on her back, he somewhat on his side, both of them naked. She looked at her sleeping husband for a few seconds, then sat up on the side of the bed. With a hand she reached and pulled open the curtains, allowing the sunlight to pour into their room and over their bed, which the window overlooked.

She stood up and peered out the window. It was brilliant sunlight. Another wing of the hotel extended at right angles to their own, and the windows of the rooms could be easily seen. As she looked out, she considered that anyone in those rooms could also look into her own room. She wondered if anyone was looking, as she stood in front of window, nude. Yesterday, she reflected, she could not have done this. Her modesty would have recoiled at the thought of having a curtain open when either of them were undressed, let alone standing naked in front of an unshaded window. She smiled to herself. Last night over four hundred people had seen her naked, most of them close up. What would a few more matter?

As she looked, she saw a man in a room of the other wing come to the window. He stopped and stared. Sylvia didn't move from her spot. She didn't return the stare, but she made no move to cover her nudity. After a minute or so, she turned and looked at her sleeping spouse, whose naked form could also have been seen through the window.

She felt a bit messy. Her hair was uncombed and tousled. Across her stomach, her abdomen, and even on parts of her breasts and buttocks were the remains of inked inscriptions from last night's table visits. Now they were smudged, largely unreadable. She looked at the sheet on which she had lain; smudges of ink were evident there, too. She hadn't had a real shower since the afternoon of the previous day. Quite a change, she reflected, from her usual tidy, almost immaculate appearance. Normally she slept in a nightgown; now, she considered that there hadn't been a stitch of clothing on her body since last night's dinner event. She smiled and shrugged. She squeezed her legs together, trying to force further martyrdom on her distended bladder. It was beginning to hurt. She started to rise from the bed to go to relieve herself. She glanced out the window. Her male viewer was still in place, apparently still looking in her direction.

She looked back at her naked and sleeping spouse, who had now rolled mostly on his back. She reached toward him, wondering whether to press on his abdominal area to test the hardness of his bladder. No, she decided; that might wake him. She had another inspiration. She wondered to what extent he might have recovered from last night's lovemaking.

She moved closer to Art, wondering if the man across the way was still watching. She bent over him, then allowed a hanging breast to brush his face. She repeated, with the other breast. His eyes flickered. He stirred just a bit. Her hand reached down, pinching the tip of his penis. She pinched again, the breast again brushing his face.

His eyes opened. "It's morning", she said cheerily, his penis feeling her pinch and responding with a bit of hardening.

"What are you doing?" he asked. He glanced at the window. "Hey - the curtains are open - and it's daylight!"

"Yes", she answered. "And there's a guy looking at us through the window from the other wing!" Her pinch was repeated, as his organ became firm.

"And you're letting him? With the window open - the curtains open - and all?" he could hardly believe his gray haired wife.

"Hundreds of people looked at me last night. Are you worried about one more? Or don't you want him to see you?" she replied. As she spoke, she moved herself atop him, sitting astride his thighs.

"What are you doing?" he asked her, then quickly added. "I gotta pee! Please!"

"Like I had to last night?" She was almost laughing. Her hand found his abdomen, just below his navel, and pressed gently. The hardness beneath was evident.

"Guess you do!" she commented, then added, "Later! Just now you have something else to do!"

He had winced beneath her pressing hand. Now he was wide awake. His erection was firm, and she introduced it into herself, as she leaned forward.

"I really have to go, Sylvia - I need to.." She just smiled at him. "Just now, no. Like you told me last night. And, if it's any consolation, I need to go, too!"

"Is the guy looking?" Art asked, changing the topic.

"Probably. Do you want me to stop what I'm doing and go look?" she asked. She was moving slowly, atop him.

He glanced at window, but his field of vision couldn't pick up the opposing window where the supposed viewer was. Suddenly he winced noticeably as her weight bounced on his bladder.

"Sylvia - really, I need to pee!"

She just smiled, her pace picking up. "You have to earn that privilege. How about some cooperation?" He started to move slightly within her.

"What have you got hands for?" she teased him, "I've got no bra to hold me up! These things need support", she commented, shaking her bosom slightly. His hands grasped her breasts, slipping to the nipples, which he pulled slightly.

"They do stretch" she said, her pace quickening. He pulled them a bit harder, separating them.

"Still need to pee?" she asked, now a bit weakly.

"Not now!" he answered emphatically. Suddenly she felt herself erupt in a seismic class explosion, her mind flashing, her body quivering as her sensations peaked, then slowly subsided. His release came a moment later, and she felt him explode. She collapsed in a heap on him, his hands still grasping her breasts.

A few moments passed. "Let's pee!" she said, slowly rolling off him.

Weakly, still a bit groggy from the physiological explosion within them both, they moved to the bathroom. She tugged him into the shower, then grasped him in an enthusiastic embrace. "Just let go!" she instructed him. They both stood, relaxing, as their bladders emptied together, the streams pouring down over their legs, mingling. Again she reflected that only a day earlier, she would never have considered doing anything like this.

Sylvia turned to her mate and mused slowly, "After being Lady Godiva, it's going to seem strange to walk around with clothes on! Wonder what kind of disgusting game they will have for next year?" She turned on the shower to wash off the accumulation of dirt, ink, sweat, and the accumulated residue of the activities of last hours. Her body might be cleaned as it was yesterday, but she would not be the same again.

---

Epilogue:

Observations from a Conference Participant:

We attended the conference. A lot of the usual boring talk about the latest trends in structural design and computer assisted techniques. But then came what I consider the unforgettable moment of the night. The game committee had come up with a real dilly. Last year, there was a prize for the fellow who showed up with two sets of lady's underwear. The sexy thing was that the guys had to identify the donors. Oh, they got a prize, too, but they had to collect it at the stage, and everyone knew they were braless or panty-less for the rest of the evening. Now, the committee had to come up with something better.

And they did! At least 100 of the women present had to volunteer to play in what they called "The Lady Godiva Game". The chosen lady was expected to circulate through all the tables and interact with the guests for the rest of the evening, including having a drink at each table. While in the nude! All for a two thousand dollar prize. Fortunately, this contest was held here in Scandinavia, where the naked body is seen as something natural. Back home we'd have the vice squad thrown at us!

Only volunteers were accepted. And can you imagine the surprise? The chosen woman was Sylvia Montfort. A sixty-three year old lady who is the wife of Art Montfort, the outgoing vice president of the International Society of Structural Design. I must admit that I, as most other people, I suppose, had a moment of dismay when she was chosen. Who's going to be interested in that old grandmother? 

At least, that was what everybody thought until the lady walked on stage. Sylvia Montfort looked like an empress, with her iron-gray shoulder length hair all in place and her regal stride up to the podium. She did undress down to her skin. Literally. She even took off all her jewelry and then descended to the floor just like she'd been born. The thing was that she did have a beautiful body. The droop of her breasts was just two or three inches. With those darker nipples standing out (it was either the cold or the emotion of standing there naked), who cared if her breasts drooped at all? The veins that showed under her skin only seemed as so many adornments. So, who cared? She was a truly beautiful mature woman, and a lot of the younger wives were feeling pangs of envy at not being chosen!

Sylvia Montfort went from table to table with the dignity of royalty, complying with all the requirements of greeting everybody at the tables and partaking of some refreshment. I was sure she'd need some sort of relief from the liquid intake and at least twice she stopped at the same table and relieved herself in a cup offered by one of the gentlemen. 

The second time, she was thoroughly illuminated by a spotlight. I hope she did not feel shamed at this, as her figure was nothing less than exquisitely sensuous. At each table, she was signed off on her naked body to verify her attendance. I did it at my table, where she only had a sip of water. She was so poised and regal that I was the one feeling nervous as I wrote on her bare skin. Although I was sure she was in agony from all the liquid she'd consumed, exacerbated by the air conditioning cooling the room. 

Here was a woman consciously going through what many would consider shameful. And for what? A sense of honor and commitment? The feeling of choosing her own destiny? Whatever it was, it made her the most attractive and sensuous woman in the room, and all knew it. By the end of the spectacle, she definitely needed to relieve herself of all her liquid intake. Her husband had her clothing spirited out of the room and escorted her out clad in only his jacket. My guess was they were off to a rekindled romantic fire. 

My own spouse was not a little jealous of Sylvia Montfort. Maybe she secretly wished she'd have been chosen instead. That night, we complied with the Biblical dictum. "Go Thou and do Likewise."

In the morning, I stepped to the window, while my love still slept, exhausted from the previous night. I was treated to the spectacle of a mature woman, still quite beautiful, stretching and showing herself in front of her hotel room's window. Was it Sylvia, from last night? She sure looked the same in the distance! In the background, an older man slept, also nude in the bed. Under most circumstances, I'd have retreated into the room and let them have their privacy. Not today. The shapely mature woman exhibited herself at the window. It seemed like she was aware I watched her. She straddled the man on the bed and brought him up to consciousness. Then she made love to him oblivious to the fact that they were giving me a show. When they retreated into their bathroom, I turned to my wife just as she awoke. Again, we spent the rest of the day trying out what I'd seen. 

I don't know if it was Sylvia and Art Montfort I'd seen. And I don't care. Because they inspired the best loving my wife and I had in years.

-The watcher.


******************************************************************************

Reflections by Art

******************************************************************************

She's my wife. But her own woman. Always did what she thought right and I think she always will. She didn't know the Lady Godiva game had not been my idea, and I think she volunteered just to teach me a lesson. It sort of backfired when she was chosen, but she'd made a commitment and went through with it. She did not do a "strip tease" on stage, but undressed as modestly as the rules allowed. Then although I'm sure she was trembling with shame, she fulfilled what she'd agreed to. She went to each table and carried out the required function of accepting a toast and greeting everyone. She even put up with being signed off all over her body to show she'd been at each table.

Angry? Jealous? Yes. I felt it. Not a cheated husband's jealousy. But that of a very selfish lover who wants this woman all to himself. She really put me to the test when she had me, of everybody else, sign on her naked skin when she visited our table. I could have made love to her there and then.

I played a trick on her. I had all her clothes removed to our room. So she had to leave clad in my jacket. It was that or go naked. She needed to relieve herself at this point, but I wouldn't let her. Not until we made love. Afterwards, we did it in the shower, and she had her satisfaction of evening the score when it was I who needed to go and she insisted on making love again. This was like a rebirth. I was again blessed with inaugurating her breasts that were so pliable to my hands and that would stretch effortlessly to where I took them. Her womanhood was still as tight and caressing as when we'd first made love, and her skin felt like silk in my hands.

The next day, I woke up to find her on top of me, looking and acting like the young girl I'd married so long ago. I had a start at the open curtain, but after we began to make love, I did not care for anything anymore than sharing in love and sex with my wife and lover. Was the young man from the other tower looking at us being man and wife? Good. He might learn something. 

-Art 

******************************************************************************

Story by Francine; Epilogue through kind courtesy of E.J.
