Don't Meet Your Ex
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

Veronique and Petra were at a bar in their home town. After their third drink Veronique had to pee quite seriously and left the table. She really had to pee now and hurried downstairs to the toilets. She noticed Petra's ex-boyfriend sitting near the stairs greeting her but wasn't in the state to take any delays. She had to concentrate hard not to dance around in the line in front of the ladies and was glad as it was her turn.

As she returned she said to Petra: "Wish you well if you have to go to the toilet."

Petra asked with a bit surprised: "Why, what's the matter with the toilet?"

"Oh nothing," Veronique said, "but beside the stairs down to the toilets there is Thomas sitting with a few mates."

Thomas was a bad chapter in Petra's life. A few weeks ago they split because he had an affair with an older woman at his office. But Petra was still in love, although she knew it was over. You can't control your emotions, however, and it would become a problem for her to meet him again.

Petra fell silent a bit than said: "Thanks for telling me, it would not be good to face him. It still hurts."

Veronique agreed and they talked a bit about Petra's problem. But then they switched the topic because they didn't want to get depressive.

Half an hour later they involuntarily returned to it as Petra said: "Do you think Thomas is still here? I need to go to the toilet soon."

"As I know him he wouldn't leave until last order" "You are right," Petra said," but I don't want to meet him. I try to hang on."

"But I think sooner or later you'll have to go."

Again they tried to talk about other things, ordered a new drink but ten minutes later Petra again started: "I really need to go soon. It's getting pretty uncomfortable by now."

"So go. You can't hold it forever. You simply have to pretend like you don't notice him."

"That's easy said but you know the problem."

"Yes, but I also know the problem of a full bladder and I think nature will beat your willpower."

Petra squirmed a bit on her chair and tried some other positions to comfort her. The next ten minutes she crossed and recrossed her legs, slided on her chair and tried hard to suppress her need. Veronique of course noticed Petra's slipping composure and enjoyed it a bit. But Petra was fighting a loosing battle. She HAD to pee. She had been feeling it for nearly an hour, and instead of slowing down their drinking, they both ordered one drink after another.

Petra opened the button of her jeans to take away some pressure and as Veronique noticed she said to her: "I think you really should go now before it's to late."

Petra nodded but said: "I will wait another 15 minutes. Then I won't care anymore and go. Maybe he will have left by then."

Petra was really at her limit but she also feared coming across Thomas. She tried to use every chance she had not to see him.

Two minutes later she asked Veronique: "Please look if you see him, I have to go, maybe he's gone now!"

Veronique stood up and walked over to the corner there she had a look to the table Thomas had been sitting before and couldn't see him anymore.

She stepped back to their table and she told Petra: "Good news, I think he's gone. I couldn't seen him."

Petra jumped up enthusiastically, but that was not what her bladder needed and the pressure inside forced her to sit down again at once. She was close to loosing control!

"Oh God! I have to pee so bad I can't even stand up!" she whispered to Veronique in panic.

Veronique noticed that Petra was now pressing both hands onto her lap and her face got a desperate expression and told her:"Try to regain control, then close your waistband. If you stand up carefully, you will make it!" she tried to calm her.

Petra got herself back under control and tried to close her jeans. It was torture because her bladder was seriously bulging. Somehow she managed to do up the button, but the additional pressure made her to breath in short gasps.

"I'm about to pee my pants," she whispered, "I' really dying to pee!"

"I can see that," Veronique said. "So hurry up!"

Petra grabbed the edge of the table with both hands and tried to lift her body up. She managed to straighten up nearly complete then grabbed her waistband an adjusted her jeans so that it wasn't pressing as hard as at the moment. Then she had to cross her legs to control her need. After two seconds she walked away carefully. Veronique watched her and could see clearly the tension in her body. Petra really was dying to pee.

Petra reached the stairs leading down to the toilet. She had now one hand on her groin to get more control but didn't forget her education that told her not to press between her legs. The other hand was on the stair-rail and she tried to stem as much of her weight with this hand as possible to take pressure off her bladder.

Climbing down the stairs was horror but she had to brace herself because a few people were coming up and also a a woman was following her, so she had to act normally. She finally reached the basement and saw four women standing outside the ladies door, all restlessly waiting to get inside. As the door opened, Petra could see another five women waiting inside the ladies room.

She clenched her teeth and tried to hold on. Her hand pushed against her groin moved more between her legs a few times and she started to step from foot to foot. She was ashamed of showing visible signs of how bad she had to pee because the boys room was beside the ladies and guys were walking by. Petra tried to brace herself, but after one more minute of waiting she knew she wouldn't make it. In her desperation, she dashed into the boys room to relieve herself, and almost collided with Thomas.

"Sorry, b-b-but.." she stammered.

"What are you doing here?" Thomas asked angrily "Did you follow me? You know it's over Petra, don't you?"

Petra was shocked now. She hadn't expect that and was overwhelmed from the surprise. She could ot longer control her massive need to pee, and losing the kast of her inhibition she pressed a hand right between her legs.

"No, I only have to pee so bad! Is the stall open?" she nearly cried now, bouncing up an down as she waited for Thomas to answer.

A few boys standing inside made jokes but the stall was empty. Petra rushed inside without care, slammed the door shut and fumbled down her clothes while doing the pee dance. Finally she let go with relief. Emptying her bursting bladder took forever.

As she opened the door again she feared Thomas would be waiting on her, but he must have realized her situation was genuine and departed. She walked back to the table and told Veronique what had happened. Veronique laughed as Petra told of her adventure, then both agreed not to use the toilet in this bar anymore. Veronique and Petra carried on drinking until last orders without using the bathroom again, which caused a lot of squirming. Did they make it home without further accidents? You will just have to wonder.

