From my last story you already know of my former friend, whom I called my Bladder Queen. Here is a new – real story of how she tried to find her limits.
My lovely "Bladder Queen" was a tourist guide who rode in double–decker sight seeing busses. We were in love and a couple for a few years. She often waited way too long and then (deliberately) would be shivering with her legs, to hold it a little easier. But she just did this when we both were at home. Outside she never showed any (visible) sign of her often really urgent need to pee. When she got really desperate in public, she just whispered into my ear that she could not hold it any longer. But my friend never wet her panties, not even when desperately dying for a loo for many hours. And I was fascinated and loved my Bladder Queen for being that brave and strong :–).
Once she hadn't been to the bathroom since about 8 am. Afterwards she went to work. In the late afternoon she came back, without having peed, which was normal for her. Then she went to a nearby pub and drank a lot of beer, spending the entire evening there– still without going to pee.
In the next morning she started for her work directly from the pub – still without having peed for about 24 hrs now. Also, while work she refused to pee. She sat in a normal seat in the rear part of the upper deck in the bus. So she was able to shake her legs, without being observed by the tourists, if she wanted to– at least sometimes. If there were many tourists around her, she had to hide her predicament.
In the late afternoon she was back at the pub – still with her bladder totally overfilled. My Bladder Queen always wore tight jeans. And she still was holding back all her pee in her now completely distended and rock hard bladder. Her bladder had been carrying this incredible load for about 32 hrs now. But she again drank a lot of beer all night long. On the 3rd morning my love just changed her clothes before work – still not allowing her poor bladder any relief – after now about 48 hrs.
That day, she just held it back in the morning. At about 10 am my poor Bladder Queen had a serious crisis on the bus – but there of course was no toilet available and no possibility of using one! But she anyhow was able to prevent leakage– while still telling detailed comments about all the sights that the tourists were passing by. Anyhow she was holding back much too big an amount of pee in her now very bad aching bladder with all her remaining strength. She later told me that she was in a horrible agony and very, very desperate then! But she also knew that there just was no toilet available and she had no other alternative other than to just hold back all her hot pee just a little longer, and again longer, and again a few seconds longer, and again and again and again... It was her own fault and she knew it anyhow, so she had to suffer the really cruel consequences. She hoped that her need to pee would slow down again. She originally again wanted to wait until she made it back home in the afternoon, or even for another night. But this time it just got worse and worse. Her now nearly exploding bladder tried to get free from the built up overload NOW...!
At about 11 am the bus reached a big place to stop in front of the town hall. My Bladder Queen managed to stand up and go down the steep steps to the lower deck and to the front of the bus to ask the bus driver to stop there. Then she kept things cool by telling the tourists that they were stopping for a pee break for all of them. This brought many of them out of the bus and to the public loo. You can imagine how much time it takes to get a crowd of tourists out of a bus– and you may imagine how much more time it takes to unload a double–decker bus, especially when the tourists haven't been prepared beforehand to leave the bus. It is absolutely impossible to unload and herd out a group of curious tourists quickly. So, this left our poor tour guide with absolutely no chance to hurry up and make a run for it, so she didn't even bother trying. In a last effort she clamped off her pee – while having to stand and talk loudly to the group without using a microphone and then helping the older tourists out of the bus. Her bladder was now furiously trying to blow out all her long pent up pee. Her exhausted sphincter was working – no fighting – overtime and overload. Time was passing by so quickly now! But at the end, somehow she made it into the line to the loos – and after again waiting she finally made it into a free cubicle. Then, my poor Bladder Queen was able to let all her pee blast out in a loudly hissing jet. She could pee the first time after her now incredibly long period of time (about 50 hrs!!!) of playing hold it. And her panties had remained dry! :)
This day, that was the only pee that my Bladder Queen did at work – even though all of you know how quickly a bladder refills after the kidneys have been blocked by a backlog caused by the pressure being too high against the bladder. Afterwards, back home in the afternoon she told me that it would not have been a real problem for her to wait those 50+ hrs, because she really only felt an urgent need to pee in the mornings and in the evenings. Just the last morning experience, when she decided to use the loo, that was a real torture, but she had solved it.
I could only imagine that her well–trained bladder was absolutely full to the brim and couldn't fill any further. Just to urgently hold a normal amount for a never–ending time causes a bladder get weak, however. I still wonder how my Bladder Queen was able to hold in her quickly refilled pee for the rest of the working time – after overstraining her bladder for such a long time before? Most people have a really weak bladder after an extreme long and strong hold, lasting some hours or a day– and then have to go very frequently. But probably her lifelong bladder training and her by nearly daily overfilling of her rather enlarged bladder made it work a bit differently than normal bladders.
It would be nice to hear about other people's experiences with any strong bladdered women – or at least about stories you have heard about this. :)
Peter P. ( email welcome )