At The Desk
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Hannah was nervous about her first day starting work at the office. She couldn’t sleep during the night and when she got up in the morning, she felt a bit drowsy. Also, her mouth became a bit dry, so she drank two large mugs of tea with her usual cereal for breakfast.

Then, after she had a shower, she got changed into a yellow and white striped blouse, and light brown flaired skirt. She also brushed some dust from her clothes and combed her short red hair. Before she left the house, she had a glass of water to drink.

On the way to work, she felt a slight need to go to the toilet, but she ignored it. When she got there, she was greeted by James, a balding, middle-aged gentleman.

“Hello, you’re Hannah, right?”

“Yes, that’s me.”

“I’ll show you around the office,” James said.

Hannah at this time wanted to find a toilet, but was too afraid to ask. A few minutes later, she was shown to her desk.

“Any questions?” James asked.

“Er, not at all,” Hannah replied, forgetting the fact that she needed to wee.

After an hour at her desk, she found it difficult to concentrate on her work as she began to fidget slightly. she crossed her legs as tightly as possible. She was probably the only person who didn’t go to the toilet that day….. if only she knew where they were. Soon, her fidgeting became more noticeable, attracting the attention of another colleague sitting at the desk next to hers.

“What’s the matter?” she asked.

“No, I’m okay, that’s all, just got an itchy bum that’s all,” Hannah replied.

As the day wore on however, she became even more desperate, and jammed one hand inbetween her legs whilst using the computer with the other. as a result, she failed to get to get many of her tasks done. James had come around to look at her work.

“Can you do some reports for us?” he asked.

“Er, yes sir,” Hannah replied, shaking with fear. That was all she needed. She had to work late on her very first day, and on top of that she needed to wee extremely badly. She jammed both hands between her legs through her skirt, and felt she was on the verge of wetting herself, bigtime. When she saw one of the office cleaners, she finally plucked up the courage to ask where the toilets were.

They’re on the first floor, last door on the left,” the cleaner said.

Hannah rushed from her desk, got to the first floor, and managed to find a toilet. However, when she tried to push the door, she found that it was locked. She started to clutch herself and bend double in agony. In the end, she just gave up, as she felt her wee leak through her knickers and start to soak her brown skirt.

Looking down at herself with embarrassment, she saw the mini-puddle forming from under her. To add to her problem, she looked around to see a very annoyed office cleaner.

“Oh, good grief, another mess to clean up,” she grumbled.

A very disastrous end to Hannah’s first day at her new job.

