Isabelle Bound

by David North

It started as a dare. On the way home from school, Karen and Lesley had bet Isabelle that she couldn't get free if they tied her to a tree and left her there. Having declared that she could escape from anything, Isabelle had let them do it. It had been a reckless boast, and it had been a mistake. She had now been tied to the tree at the edge of the cemetery for more than an hour, and what had initially been nothing more a faint desire to visit the bathroom had since turned into a burning desire to pee, and she was still no nearer getting loose.

Intermittently, Isabelle could hear the insistent beeping of work machinery backing up. The men operating it were probably close enough to hear her if she called for help, at least when the machinery wasn't running, but she couldn't bring herself to cry out. The prospect of a group of workmen finding her tied to a tree and bursting for a piss would be too humiliating. She would never be able to take this shortcut home again for fear of meeting one of them in the future.

But if she didn't call out for help, what was she going to do? She kept looking around for Karen or Lesley to come back and rescue her, but there was no sign of either of them. They had just left her there to work herself free of the rope binding her wrists, or simply remaining standing against the tree if she couldn't.

Isabelle grunted in frustration, sometimes muttering the word "shit" punctuated by the occasional "fuck" as she bent her knees and crossed her legs, trying to suppress the desire to urinate. She really didn't want to wet her jeans. Karen and Lesley would never let her live it down if they found out, and even if she managed to get free on her own, she would then have to walk the rest of the way home with soaked legs. Isabelle sighed in frustration: whatever she did, mortification was waiting for her at every turn.

The light was starting to go now, and she looked anxiously around for any sign of her friends. Huh! Some friends. She squirms, pulling against the rope forcing her to stand against the tree, walking on the spot for a minute then crossing her legs again, squeezing her thighs together so hard that her muscles almost knotted. She couldn't hold it in much longer. Where were they?

For the dozenth time, Isabelle began twisting her wrists in an effort to pull them free of the rope, but it was no good. Karen had done a good job tying it; too bloody good. Sucking air between her teeth, Isabelle bobbed up and down, gasping, "Ohh! Ohhh!" She'd never been so desperate to pee in her life. She'd had to hold on sometimes when she'd been on long drives with the family and her father had refused to stop, telling her she would have to wait. She had even had a few near accidents in school during tests, but none of those situations, which had all seemed to terrible at the time, compared to this one. Her bladder felt so swollen, and her belt seemed to be getting tighter and deliberately trying to squeeze the piss out of her. Of course, it wasn't really that her belt was growing tighter, but that her abdomen was growing larger as her bladder continued to fill and swell.

The pain was now terrible, and her crotch actually felt like it was burning. She was pretty sure that meant her bladder couldn't swell any more, and that she was close to the point where she would be forced to pee no matter how hard to tried to wait. "Fuck," she cursed again, twisting and dancing, longing to be able to reach round to her belt buckle and the button on her jeans. If she could just ease a little of the pressure, maybe she could hold it a bit longer. She turned her body as far as she could and stretched out her fingers, but the tips were about two inches short of the buckle. Isabelle sobbed in frustration, screwing up her face in pain as her muscles contracted again, trying to overwhelm the hold she was putting on things.

She resumed alternately bending one knee and then the other, the movement somehow easing her desperation a little. She'd never appreciated just how frustrating it was to not have the use of one's hands. Without them, one couldn't even do a simply thing like taking a piss without help. And, man, did she need help right now! She again considered calling out, and then realized that the sounds from the building site behind her, on the other side of the cemetary wall, had stopped. The men must have gone home for the day. "Shit!" she cursed again, pulling on the restraining rope with renewed irritation. She couldn't take much more of this.

Frantic with desire, Isabelle leaned forward and hung her head as she crossed her legs again and squeezed her thighs together. She tried to imagine a large cork jammed up between her legs, literally corking her up, but she could not banish the knowledge that all that stood between her and soaking wet jeans was a tiring schincter muscles. It didn't seem much to hold back the ocean of pee stretching the walls of her bladder to near bursting point. Her entire body shook with the effort of keeping her scphinter closed. Somehow, she managed to endure the latest wave of pressure without giving way. Her panties still seemed dry, although she was perspiring so much with the effort of holding on that she could no longer quite be sure if the dampness between her legs was nothing more than sweat.

Straightening up again, Isabelle bent her left knee, resting the sole of her shoe against the tree trunk. She curled her toes and tapped her heel, making her knee bounce up and down. She listening to the sound of her jeans rasping as her thighs rubbed together. "Ohhh, fuck," she gasped, wondering how much longer she could keep up the struggle. That was when she heard the sound of voices; female voices. They were faint, and hard to identify. Isabelle looked around frantically, searching for any sign of movement. Had Karen and Lesley come back for her? The sudden surge of hope equally suddenly made her desire to pee worse. "Oooooohhh!" she squealed, wiggling her leg harder to keep from gushing into her panties.

But it was no good. This time her muscles couldn't resist the voilent contractions in her bladder, literally setting up shock waves that overpowered her efforts. Pee began to squirt from her into her panties. "No!" she yelled, working her legs furiously, desperate to regain control. The voices were getting louder, and she was sure that one of them belonged to Karen. She didn't want either Karen or Lesley to see that she had started to wet herself. She squeezed her thighs together and exerted every last ounce of willpower to stop the flow. She succeeded, but not before enough pee had escaped to pass through her panties to soak into her jeans. She could feel the wetness spreading down the backs of her thighs. Oh God, it was so embarrassing.

In the interim, the voices had grown louder, and there was no question now that they belonged to her friends. She hated the idea of them seeing her in this state, but not enough that she would let it prevent her gaining relief from her torment. She stood wigging and struggling with her bursting bladder as the two figures emerged from beneath the trees a hundred yards away. Isabelle willed them to hurry so that they could untie her before she was forced to wet herself completely. "Hurry up. Hurry up!" she chanted under her breath as Karen and Lesley approached at a leisurely pace. Why were they taking so long when she was standing there in absolute agony?

After what seemed an hour, the two girls finally arrived before her. They both stopped walking and stared in amused fascination at the sight of Isabelle's frantic squirming. Then Karen pointed to Isabelle's crotch and giggled. "Uh oh. I think she's peed in her pants." Lesley started to giggle as well. It was just too much to bear.

"Shut up and untie me!" Isabelle yelled. "I have to pee some more. A lot more!" She crossed her legs again, partly to hide her wet crotch, but mostly to fight the next wave of desperation that was building up in her bladder. "Please hurry!" she added as she felt herself starting to lose control.

"All right, all right," Karen said as she approached and moved to Isabelle's right. "Don't pee your pants," she added, then giggled again. "Oh, I forgot. You already did."

"Please!" Isabelle begged as her bladder throbbed violently, producing unbelievable pain. She had held it much too long, and her body was screaming at her to stop fighting. She shook her head, whimpering, pleading for just a few more seconds.

"So you didn't manage to get free, Houdini," Lesley taunted as Karen worked at the knot binding Isabelle's right wrist.

"Shut up!" Isabelle screamed, now desperate beyond endurance.

"I can't undo this," Karen said in reference to the knot. "You've been pulling on it and it's all tight now."

"Oh no!" Isabelle sobbed. "Please help me."

"I just said I can't," Karen repeated impatiently. Isabelle heard her ask Lesley if she had a knife or a pair of scissors on her.

"What would I be doing with a knife?" Lesley replied.

Isabelle was no longer listening to them. She parted her legs as more pee started to leak out. She felt it spread across the front of her jeans, then somehow managed to stop the flow again. "Please," she implored once more, knowing it was hopeless now.

Unable to stop herself, she began to pee with a vengeance, torrents of piss racing down her inner thighs and spreading up her backside, almost to the waistband of her jeans. The force was incredible, like a river breaking through a dam.

In a matter of seconds, her legs were completely saturated all the way down to her socks and trainers. She let her body relax and leaned her back against the tree as she continued relieving herself, her arms secured helplessly at her sides. She didn't know how long it went on before her bladder was finally empty. All she knew was that her trainers were full, and that her jeans were clinging to every inch of her legs and bottom. Her pee was cooling fast, making her lower half feel distinctly cold. At the opposite end of her body, she could feel her face and neck burning with the embarrassment of what she had just done - wet herself in front of her two friends. She just knew they would never let this rest. Suddenly annoyed with them, Isabelle resolved that, someday, somehow, she would get them back.

Let them just wait.

