Dream Team (part 7-d)

Posted by Tinker, April 1998 

Melissa let out a deep sigh and finished wetting her panties with a final firm spurt that whirled around in her crotch for seconds. Cindy grinned and asked "Hey Melissa, did you do it this way when you were out there in the woods?" Melissa shook her head.

"Of course not. I never wore skirts as short as this one, for a start. Usually knee-long summer dresses, and I took a lot of care to make sure that I only wet my panties, not my dress. My aunt could have been open-minded, the rest of the family was not. So it was mainly little spurts and an occasional full wetting, but then while squatted. Besides, at first I only did it in my panties because it was convenient. I waited until I simply had to go, like always, but by wearing a dress and keeping my panties on I could go in a lot more places. Pretty quickly I learned to dress up in a convenient outfit if I expected toilet problems. But it was only later that I started to wet myself intentionally, even when there was no true reason. Only then the real fun of getting wet started for me!"

Cindy now rose to her feet, taking care not to show her own wet panties, and looked back at the field. "I see that the group is almost complete again. Let's go!" 

"Everybody present? Nobody sprained her sphincter?" Giggling. Diana continued: "Okay then, enough play for now. Up and action!" The rest of the afternoon was filled with exercises and practice, once in a while interrupted by a very local shower on the grass. More and more girls experienced the weird effect of repeated wettings during several hours as their sphincters became too lazy to stay properly closed, and in the end most of them basically leaked all the time. The rich supply of water in the form of cooled bottles in easy reach did not help much, either. 

Around five o'cock, Janice and Melissa split off to prepare the evening meal. Jane insisted on trying out a pyramid, and Diana let them go on. When the first shower cascaded down, it quickly turned into one big wet performance, and a few girls decided that they'd better shower before dinner. When they all joined at the table and passed the food around, most of them still wore their uniforms, while others had changed into easy training suits. Janice, who knew the area quite well, explained the options they had tonight.

"In town there are two disco-like places, a few cafes, and a game hall. Nothing big, also nothing weird or unsafe. The guys here tend to be on the shy side, but with some real machos among them, especially when they have drunk too much. They can be quite irritating if not taken care of properly." Melissa could not help but smile. Jane inquired: "How do they react to mini skirts?" Janice laughed and threw her hair over her shoulder. "Very well, thank you." Jane firmly closed her eyes and wished she was at home. "Don't bother, Jane. We will stay with you at all times." 

Jane mashed a potato and thought about something. "Well, if I'm going in my cheerleader skirt anyway, why not keeping my sweater on as well?" Diana protested. "No way. The university logo is impossible to miss, and I don't want that words about any wet accident get out to the university." She had a point. "Don't bother, Jane. I have a plain white sweater for you," Janice offered. "Don't you think it would be nice to put a special yell on the sweater?" Ann asked. "Such as 'Cheerleaders do it in their uniform'?" Jane countered.

Cindy and Alice rolled off their chairs laughing, Diana covered her face and Ann pissed herself. "What do you think of: 'Cheerleaders do it standing up'? Or 'Cheerleaders do it as a team'?" Diana pushed her plate aside and laid her head down on her arms, her shoulders shaking from laughter. Maureen almost cried with tears rolling down her face and Janice spit out a mouthfull of water. "'Cheerleaders do it for fun'?" Ann joined in: "'Cheerleaders do it on the field'? No, 'Cheerleaders do it everywhere'!" All girls were now laughing hysterically, and two more pairs of panties got soaked. 

"I think I'll just wear your white sweater, thank you," Jane finally hiccuped, "it will be hard enough without that yell."

"Oh yes, the guys will surely be hard enough," Melissa threw in. Ann howled like a coyote and Diana could not help but spread her knees and give in, her head still on the table, fist pounding, not being able to say anything. Pure joy flushed into her panties and noisily clattered down onto the tiles. Maureen just moaned "No, please" between her teeth, and tried to stop herself wetting her pink and grey training suit. Jane covered her ears to hear no more insinuations, and Janice convinced herself that she should wear her own cheerleader skirt this evening. A bit shocked by her own remark, Melissa flushed and then put her arm around Jane. "Come on, Jane. I'll stop. Here, take some courage," and she offered Jane a glass of water.

The next moment, Melissa ran for her life, with Jane chasing her, brandishing a fork. They disappeared around the corner and the others could hear Melissa yelling through the garden. Suddenly the yelling stopped, followed by a loud splash. Jane then reappeared, ostentatiously wiping her fork across her sleeve. "She's cooled down now. That'll teach her." In the background, Melissa dripped by, her hair in wet wisps down her face, soaked as a rat. "Keep some dessert for me," she yelled while heading for the shower. 

The rest of the dinner went reasonably normal, given the circumstances. Maureen, Alice, and Cindy volunteered to do the dishes while the rest could relax or start dressing up to go out. Diana and Ann went up to their room to refresh and change. "What do you think?" Ann asked. "Long or short, with or without diapers?" Diana hesitated. "I don't think I will wear a diaper yet. Plain panties is good enough for me. Maybe two pairs. Yes, two pairs of panties, and this skirt." She produced a black wide skirt, to just above her knees. "Not too daring, yet definitely not boring at all." Ann nodded approvingly, and decided to follow Diana's example. "I'll leave the diaper for later as well. But I like to go short. Time for my tennis skirt." She unpacked a blue straight skirt with a flap in front. It matched quite well with her cheerleader panties. Nice. 

An hour and a half later, they all were assembled in the large living room. Diana looked around. Quite a neat bunch of girls, all in all. Cindy and Alice of course in their standard white blouse and leather mini, Ann in sports shirt, tennis skirt, and sneakers, Jane and Janice in cheerleader skirt with white sweaters, Maureen in a tight top with a pair of leather pants, and Melissa in a really short denim mini with a red T-shirt and knee socks. Especially Maureen drew attention, but she assured the others that these pants were suitable. Jane clearly would have preferred blue jeans and T-shirt, but Janice governed over her as a nanny. 

In the minibus to town, Diana driving again, they chattered about all things that they would or would not do, and even Jane now really liked to go out. Even in cheerleader uniform. Arrived at the central square, Diana got rid of the bus in a secure parking while the others looked around a bit. At half pas eight, there was not yet that much to do, or so it seemed. Still, the group of girls already started to attract attention. Several small groups of boys innocently walked by, saying hi or whistling.

Especially the six girls in mini got noticed, but Maureen knew that she got eyed over as well, and Diana needed no special things to stand out with her long dark hair and stylish appearance. In her black skirt and emerald blouse, she looked more dressed up for a nice, expensive dinner with a rich partner, followed by a visit to the local theatre. But no. They decided to do a brief tour of the town centre, and pick out a not to crowded place to drink something. "Shall we stay together or split up?" Maureen asked. "I don't care, " Diana answered. "Do whatever you like. As long as you are back at the parking at midnight, you're on your own. But staying together might just be more fun." 

The first two places they passed did not seem appropriate. But at the third place, with lots of high-tech neon and chrome, Jane went wild. "Hey! This looks like a cybercafe! Let's go in!" Before anybody could hold her back, she had made her way through the door and disappeared inside. Janice shrugged and followed her, leaving the others outside. "What's a cybercafe?" Cindy asked. Diana answered: "A meetingplace for socially challenged nerds who think IRC is cool. Let's see what happens to them when we set Melissa and Jane free inside!" Melissa grinned, pulled her denim mini a bit higher up her waist, and charged in, with the rest of the club closely behind her. 

The place was not that bad after all. Not too loud music, not too many screens, enough light to be comfortable yet no cold fluorescent tubes, and plenty of nerds to make fun of. Jane had installed herself behind a big monitor in the corner and looked through several technical things on the computer, apparently in search of something. Janice stood beside her, watching Jane's actions closely. Apparently she was unaware that her pose made most of the people inside the cafe gaze at her: legs slightly apart, bent over with her hands on the table, just not showing her panties. Ann signed the bar man to bring eight sodas, and then pushed a chair from behind against Janice's knees.

The leg show disappeared when she took place, and now the crowd could shift its attention to the other seven girls. Jane had called up something colorful with all kinds of things moving, and did as if she had to throw up. "Oh God, what a mess. I really hate these hopping home pages with all bells and whistles switched on. Cybermania idiots. Kids. Let's leave this place." Cindy turned around to head for the door, but Jane apparently was talking another language now. She typed her way to known territory and showed Janice what this was all about. Alice, who had played with this type of gear before, had found a vacant machine as well and just called up a fashion site from the top of her head. Quickly, Cindy joined her. A helpful guy offered Diana his place, and soon they all were out there on the Net. 

There is little more attractive to a nerd than a pretty girl behind a computer, and within a few minutes, several of them had gathered in the corner of the place, making helpful remarks and suggestions. The dandy twins Cindy and Alice clearly needed little help, and they were unreachable anyway. Jane left three of the nerds with their heads spinning when they saw a cheerleader burst her way straight through the cybercafe's firewall and onto the nearby university's high-speed optical fibre external data link, mumbling "amateurs" all the way.

But the other girls seemed approachable. Diana had seen much of this before, having a nerd as a boyfriend herself, but for Ann, Maureen, and Melissa, it was quite revealing. The true die-hards centered around Jane, trying to learn new things. At least these nerds were not emancipatory challenged, Janice noticed. She did not understand one word of what Jane was telling, but the guys seemed honestly interested, and did never even try to make a pass at Jane despite her challenging outfit. With a smile, Janice developed a little plan to push Jane over the threshold later that evening. 

After a quarter of an hour and two sodas, Melissa got bored by the endless clicking and went over to Jane. "Hey Jane, isn't there something interesting on this machine?"

"Like what?" Jane asked. "Well... you hear all kinds of complaints about kids being spoiled by the Internet. Like that." Jane smiled and punched in some codes. After a while, some quite clear warnings appeared on a black background. Jane clicked. "Like this?" Melissa rose her eyebrows. "Well, I'm not a fan of hardcore SM, really. Aren't there any fun places without this silly come-and-look- inside-me biology pictures?" A serious-looking guy answered: "Most sites on the Net just capitalize on hard porn. Like little kids, they now have the opportunity to eat ice cream all day and so they do. They imitate the adult video circuit. More of the same. Pity, because the Net really allows for a lot more variation. May I?" He leaned over Jane and typed something. "This is just an example of a site which is out of the ordinary. It was published as such in a magazine not long ago, else I wouldn't know it." 

"What is Patches' Place?" asked Ann while carrying in a tray with yet more sodas. Melissa looked over her shoulder: "A site which specializes in people who wet their pants." Three seconds later, all eight girls coincidentally decided to quit their own browsing and inconspicuously gathered at Jane's station. "Geez, this Patches really puts in lots of work. Look at these lists! It's almost a complete newspaper!" Jane started to read some of the messages and little stories, and grinned. "They go quite a way in this. I expected to see lots of accidents or such, but this seems a whole subculture. I had no idea that so many people do it in their pants just for fun."

Melissa pointed at a picture: "Hey, she wears the same as I do! But I did not know you could do it like that!" Jane looked aside, and flatly remarked: "Don't be silly. Of course you knew you could wet your panties under your skirt. You know that, I know that, we all know." Melissa blinked and searched for words. developing a blush. "Well... there's a difference between knowing and doing." A little silence fell. Janice reached for the mouse and clicked. "Look, this is a lot more daring. In jeans!" They browsed on for a while, clicking and giggling, with the guys carefully joining in. 

When they left the place, three guys offered to join them to show them around. Janice and Melissa quickly said "Yes" and decided not to spend any money tonight. Tit for tat. Chattering, the group went across the road and entered a dancing hall. Lots of space left, at this time. Melissa put Jane on a stool at the bar an dragged one of the high tables closer, so that they could gather with a few people. There was loud music, but speaking was still quite possible. Jane now had left the environment in which she felt at ease and on top of things, and became very aware of her outfit.

With her legs crossed, she tried to hide behind the table so that not everybody would see her bare calves, knees, and thighs. Melissa and Janice, on the other hand, felt more and more at ease and just leaned on the high table, their backs to the dance floor. Their skirts were just long enough and the more attention, the better. Maureen, in her leather trousers, sat next to Jane and tried to distract her by small talk. The three guys completed the club. Diana, Ann, Cindy, and Alice had found a nice table in a corner and just made themselves comfortable. 

After ten minutes of chatting and drinking, the canned music was switched off and replaced by a live band playing rockabilly. Ann cursed herself for not having brought her fifties' style pettycoat, like some of the girls who had by this time showed up in the dance hall. Still, she quickly found herself on the dance floor, soon followed by Diana. Alice and Cindy decided that high heels did not invite this type of dancing and went over to the bar, where Janice, Maureen, and two guys just left to go dancing. "Are you sisters?" the remaining guy asked. They shook their heads, "No, just friends." Jane leaned forward: "Not *just* friends." Cindy flushed and Alice bit her lip. The guy grinned. "I see. You seem a pretty open-minded club, you all. Hi, my name is Edward, but friends call me Ted." He reached out and shook the girls' hands.

"Quite an impressive demonstration you put down back at Peter's, Jane. Your name is Jane, isn't it?" Jane nodded. Her legs started to develop a cramp. "I've never met a girl who was so good in networks and Unix, and who knew her way around the Net so well. Are there more surprises hidden in this club?" Jane shrugged. "What do you call surprises? We're a pretty normal bunch of girls, I think."

Edward turned towards the bar to accept the four glasses of beer he'd ordered, and putting them on the table in front of the girls, he answered: "Well, I wouldn't call you normal. The way you all reacted to that silly Patches' site was so open, it was unlike any other girl I know. You don't giggle all the time. You seem pretty independent, not being towed by a boyfriend. And then," he nodded to the dance floor, "What is she? A lost angel? She should be modeling in New York!" Alice took a sip of her beer. "That's Diana. She's the boss. We are a dancing group. She dances, we are the group." Laughter. 

Jane used the moment to quickly take her legs off each other and now pressed her knees tightly together. Short skirts were a pain to wear. Cindy downed her beer in one swallow and signed the bar tender for another one. The guy lifted an eyebrow and then scratched his head. "Hey, are you all like her? Is there anybody normal among you?"

"I am," Melissa answered. "And Ann is pretty normal as well. The rest is not, I agree." Jane stuck out her tongue and drank down her beer like Cindy. "Jolt Coke is better, though," she smiled. 

Two hours later, the hall had become cramped and another band had taken over, louder and faster. Even Jane had been out on the dance floor, happy to be able to forget about her skirt for a while. If you were dancing, you were allowed to flash your panties with every move. And given the rising temperature in the hall, she was quite happy with her bare legs, all in all. When she returned to their spot at the bar, Maureen and Cindy just returned from a visit to the toilet. "There's already a queue. It will take long to get through when all girls need to go. Just two stalls. Silly." Alice, who was getting tipsy, leaned over and added: "No problem! Remember that Internet site? Just go!"

"You are getting drunk, Alice," Jane warned. "Keep an eye on her, Cindy. She might go for it." The two guys at the table grinned, being not completely sure of anything any more. Alice thoughtfully reached out and toppled a full glass of beer so that it spilled on the floor. "Oh, how silly of me." Quickly Cindy grasped Alice's arm: "Don't, Alice. Not here." But Alice just shrugged and replied: "Too late. It had already started even before you came back. Don't worry, I'm almost done." None of the girls had the courage to look down to Alice's legs, fearing to attract the gaze of other people. Alice just stood there, smiling, while she went to the toilet in her panties. With all girls dead silent now, the guys slowly started to understand what was going on. "Is she... are you..." Alice nodded. "I was. But I'm done now. Can somebody fetch a towel to mop up the floor? There's a puddle of beer down here. Two, actually." 

In hindsight, Alice's bluff worked out quite well. Nobody noticed and now the guys got pushed over the threshold. They were more curious than put off. "I always knew that a girl in a skirt could do it unnoticed, but never actually witnessed one," the left guy remarked. "Is this happening a lot?" Jane shrugged. "I suppose so. Usually you don't yell it around that you've wet your pants. But it is quite convenient once in a while." Ann and Janice came back from the dance floor, pushing their way through the crowd.

Only Diana was missing now. Soon she arrived, complaining about the long queues at the toilets. One of the guys answered that Alice had found a creative solution to the problem. Diana was shocked for a moment: "Here? You're out of your mind!" Noticing that she had given herself away now, she shut up quickly, but there was only laughter. Maureen added: "And it was quite easy, too. It's so crowded that nobody notices it, anyway. The floor is dark and has gaps between the planks. Almost ideal." She tucked at the waistband of her leather pants. "Time to go as well. Don't be afraid, these pants can have it." 

Now everybody was shocked. "You're not going to... are you?" Ann asked her, hand against her mouth. The guys almost choked in their beers. Maureen was not impressed. "Hey listen. I know what I'm doing. I need to go and there are no toilets available. And with these pants it's even less hassle than with a skirt. I'll show you." Diana just shook her head while Maureen slightly opened her legs. "The trick is to let it run down the inside of your legs only, and then keeping your shoes dry." She tucked her T-shirt demonstratively in her pants and brushed her hair out of her face, as if she was preparing herself for a photo. "Are you really going to... pee in your pants?" one of the guys asked incredulously. Maureen just nodded and parted her legs a bit more. "I'm ready. It's now a matter of waiting." Calmly she reached out and grabbed her glass of beer. "Cheers, you all! It's a wonderful evening." The rest vaguely mumbled something back, getting more excited than they would like to admit. 

Maureen swallowed her beer and put the glass firmly back on the table. "Okay, that tipped the bucket. Here it comes." She put her hands flat on the table and straightened her back, making eye contact with the left guy. He was speechless. Actually, nobody said a word. They all waited for Maureen to begin, watching all her body language. When Maureen's fingers suddenly curved, everybody knew what was happening. The other guy gasped and tried to look under the table. Jane hit him hard in the side with her elbow and hissed: "Don't look. Not now. Later." He swallowed and with trembling hands clutched his glass of beer. Maureen smiled at him. "I did some, but it stopped. Starting out is always the hard part." She looked down to her pants and the others saw her belly make pumping motions. "Oh yes... almost... yes!"

The pumping stopped and Maureen placed one hand on her belly, holding her hair out of her eyes with the other hand while still looking down. "Going again, this might be it. Yes, I'm going steady now, it started for real. It's in my pants alright. Getting down to my thighs... my knees..." She unconsciously moved her knees a bit apart as she felt her wee spiralling down her legs. Finally, she tilted her feet a bit inward and let it run out of the legs of her pants. Only then, she looked up and smiled at the crowd watching her.

"Hey guys 'n gals, you look like you attend a boring lesson! Cheer up! Talk!" The guys swallowed but couldn't really grasp the concept of a pretty girl in tight leather pants just going to the toilet right there. The girls could. While Maureen happily continued to do it in her pants, making the most of the experience, Jane passed around more drinks and they toasted on Maureen's record while the well still was in full production and the band started out on a new song. 

When she was done, Maureen stretched and reached for more beer. Diana took charge. "Okay girls, stop this. It's too risky. If you want to go, go outside. There's a place just next to the entrance, in the shadow but still open and safe. I've just been there, it's ideal. Grass, not too many people, and noise from the street. A breeze with a skirt like mine. It was very nice." The left guy now reached for his head. "Just wait a moment. You've been outside on the grass?"

"Yes, I walked up the lawn and looked at a flowering tree for a minute. Nobody noticed anything. I just need to stand for a while now, cannot sit down of course." The guy was astounded. "Even... even you did it in your...?" Diana looked surprised: "Huh? What `even me'? I need to pee, too!"

"Yes, but you look so... so..."

"Innocent? Professional? Beautiful?" Ann filled in. "Forget it. She's the best in this. If she says that place is good, that's where I'm heading." Stroking her tennis skirt, she left the table. "I'll be back in a moment. Anyone join me?" Without hesitating, Edward followed her. "Hey Ann, wait. You are getting me curious. Mind if I come along?" Ann offered him her hand. "Sure, no problem. Let's go." 

Outside, the place indeed turned out to be close to ideal. Ann immediately walked onto the grass and stepped into the shade of a tree which blocked the bright light coming from the entrance. It made her completely invisible for any people standing in the light, but when she turned around, she could see all things happening around her. Edward joined her, a bit shy. "Usually couples go her to make out. I wonder if there are some already." Ann looked around, and pointed to two people in tight embrace against the wall, twenty meters away. "There. No problem. They have no interest in us." It was silent for a few seconds. Edward wanted to ask something, but did not dare. Ann noticed. "Okay, ask it! Don't be shy."

"Well, Ann, how shall I put it... I've never been with a girl who is going to... so I feel a bit weird." Ann said nothing and reached up her short tennis skirt from the front, plucking at her panties while making sure that Edward got a good view of her underwear. Then she simply spread her legs almost a meter and put her hands on her back, looking at Edward. His eyes widened and he searched for words. Ann hissed "Don't say anything. Listen." They listened. The cars in the street roared by, the people at the entrance laughed, the music from inside thumped on. The wind played through the branches of the trees and the rain softly dripped onto the grass. Rain? 

"But why? I mean, if you would squat down here right now, nobody would see anything. Why don't you just squat? Standing like this with your legs so far apart attracts at least as much attention, if not more. And now you need to wear those wet panties for the rest of the evening, and you run the risk of people seeing the stain." Ann replied: "It's simple, Ted. It's so terribly exciting to stand like this in my short skirt and let it run through my panties and fall down between my legs. The feeling in my panties is so freaking sensual, there's really nothing that compares. Well, maybe having fun in bed with my boyfriend." Edward couldn't hide a sigh of disappointment. Ann turned towards him, still wetting. "Hey Ted, there are plenty of other girls in the team who are free. They will all come here this evening. Just try again. You like Jane?"

"Well, yes. She seems quite a nice girl."

"Okay, take her here. She will gladly show off her cheerleader uniform for you and if you like it, she will surely pee in her panties any way you want. She might even be prepared to do something more. But please take care, she isn't experienced in that." Add nodded in the direction of the couple, now audibly moaning in a tell-tale rhythm. Ann checked if her tennis skirt was properly down, and pulled her legs together. "That was great. It feels wonderful, doing a full pee in your panties. Now, let's go back inside and have fun. In half an hour, I will be able to dance again. Until then, I need to modestly retreat somewhere." 

When they returned, Ann glowed as if she had just stolen an apple out of the vicar's garden. "Done! You were right Diana, it is a perfect place." Janice nudged Edward in his side and asked: "And? Was she a great sport?" Edward blushed. "Well ehrmm... she did it alright. Just as you would expect, I suppose. You know." Invisible for Edward, Janice pinched Jane in her thigh under the table. Jane opened her mouth, but did not say anything. Janice pinched again. Jane swallowed and stumbled: "N... no I don't know. Would... would you..."

Another pinch. "Would you show me?" Edward's eyes opened wide and a cold chill ran over his spine. Ann smiled, happy that at least everything worked out great with these guys. Melissa now kicked in as well, simply taking the other guy by the hand and dragging him onto the dance floor. Diana watched them leaving and said to the group, but mostly to Edward, "She won't keep dry for long. He should stay well clear of her. Melissa in a denim mini is a real phenomenon." 

Janice by now had pushed Jane off her stool, and two more discrete pushes set her off towards the exit, pulling Edward with her. Finally she had gained control over herself, and confidently strode through the hall. Her white sweater and white cheerleader skirt stood out quite well among the wild colours of the other patron's outfits. Ann and Janice flung their hands together. "Okay, let's hope she learns something tonight. She deserves it. And Ted, too." 

When they came outside, Jane stopped and turned to Edward. "And now?" He unsurely pointed to a couple of large brick cubes halfway the entrance and the shaded area, apparently put there by the building's architect. "Let's sit there for a moment." Jane promptly walked to the cubes and sat down on one of them. Edward took place on another cube, facing her. He gathered all his courage and started: "Well, Jane... Ann told me she liked to... to do it in her... and... and maybe..."

Jane smiled at him. "And you thought, well, maybe Jane likes to do a wee in her nice cheerleader outfit? Maybe. But wouldn't it show too much? I mean, Ann wore a tennis skirt with matching panties. I wear this." She opened her knees and let Edward look straight between her thighs, to her pale blue cheerleader panties which were really contrasting with her white skirt and would indeed show every drop of wetness painfully clearly. Edward almost got a heart attack. Jane put a hand on his knee and tried to calm him down: "Take it easy. It's just my uniform. I wear this on the field all the time, and the boys never faint when I twirl. Why do you?" 

Edward swallowed and took a breath. "Jane, no girl has ever be so... intimate with me before. It's just all new to me. I've seen cheerleader's pants. This is different, a whole lot different." Jane nodded. "I understand. It's difficult for me as well. You are the first boy I showed my panties to. I always wear jeans, you know. Always, except on the field. The others pushed me into wearing this tonight. But I like it." She relaxed a bit, and then pulled up her legs, leaning with her back against the building's wall, and letting Edward see all of her panties. He looked away, clearly embarrassed. "Ted, look at me. Please." He did, looking at her eyes. But he could not prevent his gaze to briefly drop down to Jane's crotch. "What do you think of me? Of how I look, I mean?" Edward took a deep breath. "Jane, you are the most stunningly beautiful girl I've ever spoken to. You do things to me I never thought possible. You are so pretty in this outfit, I can hardly keep my hands off you."

"Liar! You wouldn't even dare to touch me." Edward bowed his head. "Okay, I wouldn't. I admit, I don't dare. But it's so tempting to do something to you, I really had no idea it would feel like this." 

Jane felt very flattered by Edwards compliments. "Thanks, Ted. Nobody ever said this to me before."

"Nobody? Were they out of their mind?"

"No, just too busy with hacking Unix I guess," Jane replied. "Nonsense. I bet you never really gave them the chance to even say one nice thing to you." Jane shrugged. "Maybe. I, too, admit that I am not comfortable with the concept of courting. It's that the girls convinced me to wear my skirt and use it on you, which is simple, but I would rather talk Unix kernel calls now." Edward grinned loudly. "So they set us up. Okay. Put your legs down, you've made your point. Let's go back inside and tell them they failed." Jane lowered her legs and stood up, carefully pulling her skirt properly down. Edward started back to the entrance, but Jane kept standing where she stood. He turned around: "Are you coming?" Jane shook her head. "No. You had promised to show me the toilets, remember?" 

"Are you really going to wet your uniform?" Edward asked again. They stood on about the same spot where Ann had performed her trick a while before. Jane replied: "Yes, I am. I know I could go in the bushes, or even pull my panties down and squat right here, but I really want to do it in my uniform. Don't ask me why, it's personal."

"As long as you know what you are doing. With wet pants, you will need to be very careful back inside."

"I know. Usually I don't care at all about that, on the field during practice I mean. But this is the first time I will do it out in public, wearing a mini skirt. Technically it makes no difference of course, but still I feel very excited. How did Ann do it?"

"She just spread her legs and went. It seemed very simple."

"It is. We girls really can just wet ourselves like that. Pity you cannot." Edward grinned. "Yeah. It has something naughty, I admit. But I couldn't possibly get away with it. Not here. At the beach, maybe." Jane stretched herself and decided that it was time. "Now, let's try it. I need to pee like hell. Parted her legs like this?" She put her feet a bit apart. "No, more. Still more. Like this, yes. God, Jane, you look terriffic. May... may I hold you for a moment?" Jane swallowed. "Okay. No weird things, please." 

Edward lightly pressed himself against Jane's back, and wrapped his arms around her belly. Both of them shuddered and let escape a moan. He held her for a while, and then Jane put her hands on Edward's. Slowly, she moved them upwards, until he understood what she wanted. Carefully he cupped her breasts. Her light sweater was not at all in the way. "Are you hard?" Jane whispered. Edward did not answer, he just pressed his crotch against her ass. Jane gasped: "You are! Did I do that?" Next thing she knew, Edward kissed her in her neck and she threw her head backwards in delight. Without doing much more, they made out for a while. But Jane still had to do something. "Ted, I need to go now. I can do it just as we are. Yes?" Edward just moaned approvingly. While he softly stroke her breasts, she grabbed the seam of her skirt and hoped for the best. "It's coming, Ted. Say bye-bye to my panties." 

Ted took this literally. His left hand slid down Jane's chest and found its way inside the waistband of her skirt. Jane trembled, but held her pose. He put his hand against the crotch of her panties, fingers between her legs, and waved her panties goodbye. Jane moaned, spasmed, and wet herself. In a single wave, all of her panties got drenched and a hot deluge flooded over Ted's hand. He kept moving his fingers, and Jane's spasms increased in intensity. Still with her legs apart and her hands on her skirt, she closed her eyes and gave up all resistance. She came in her full uniform. Ted felt her body go through three cycles of spasms and knew enough of female biology to support her properly when the relaxing set in. He let her carefully down on the grass, where she sat down like a bag of sand. He joined her. 

After a while, Jane just said: "Thanks."

"It was all my pleasure."

"You mean, _all_?" Jane asked, and looked down at his crotch. "Yes, I came, too. It was my first time with a girl. It was incredible." Jane laughed and let herself fall backward. "Same for me. God I feel good. Here I am, in my cheerleader outfit, having wet myself completely and having had a big orgasm. Don't tell this to my mum." They both laughed, and stayed out in the shades for a while longer before getting back inside. Jane walked like on eggs, but the designer of her skirt knew his, or her, profession. Nothing of her secret got betrayed. 

In the mean time, Melissa had performed her trick in her denim mini and could not sit down any more, so Janice was the only girl left who could use the bar stools. That is, besides Maureen, of course. Cindy had given up a while ago and now was as wet as Alice, but despite their leather skirts they did not dare to sit down, fearing to put up too much of a leg show. Janice did not care about her legs and happily left them dangling. Jane and Edward were welcomed without indecent questions, and took up their places at the high table. Diana looked at her watch. "Almost time to go home, girls. Last orders?" Everybody shook their heads. "No, enough for tonight. One more visit to the toilet and we go home," Janice answered. "One more?" Maureen asked incredulously. "You mean...?"

"No silly, not me. I am still dry, else I wouldn't sit here like this. But I will definitely need to go before we get on the bus. And the queues are still too long, I assume." They all got outside and walked back to the bus as a group, chatting about the town. 

Arrived at the parking lot, Diana opened the doors and got inside while the others said goodbye to the boys who had accompanied them and paid for their drinks. Janice, Cindy, and Alice decided to go to the toilet once more and discretely took position between the bus and the others, giggling all the way. For fun, Alice first took off her high heels so that she could let her wee run down over her legs. Cindy just did it in her skirt right away, not caring at all about her shoes. While they went to the toilet, the boys just continued to chatter, proving that they could look the other way. Janice wanted something different.

She sat down on the threshold of the opened door, with her skirt pulled out of the way, and retied her sneaker's laces. Only when Alice and Cindy had finished, so that she was assured of everybody's undivided attention, she opened her knees and waited until all three boys could no longer deny the presence of her challenging panties. Jane winked at Edward, and squatted down to invite him to do the same. Closer to the ground you had a much better view. 

Janice now felt properly primed and looked down between her thighs herself. A push and there was the dark spot. Teasing the others, Janice waited a while before wetting herself some more, and it took a whole minute before she let it all out in her underwear. She had to move her butt forward a bit, to prevent the waterfall to flow back into the bus. The audience could clearly see the waves of wee entering her panties and even reaching the outer surface before being soaked up by the absorbing material and wicked down.

When she was done, she rose to her feet, reached up her skirt to pull her panties tight and climbed into the bus, flashing her dark-blue bottom at everybody outside. Diana had put plenty of plastic bags in the bus before leaving the manor, so there was no risk for the seats. They all said goodbye now, and when Diana took the bus out onto the main street, all that remained of them were three puddles on the parking lot. The guys were silent for a moment and then started to realize what had happened. "Jeez, what an evening," one of them muttered. "I call that wild girls. No fear."

"Well, it was definitely not cool, and lots of things did suck," another one smartly offered. "Let's put this on a board somewhere," he said. "Nobody will believe it, for sure." Edward tried to remember Jane's user name and the host she used. 

Back at the manor, there was a rush for the showers, and the six girls not quick enough then gathered outside on the terrace. The beer still took its toll, and Jane had to let go in her uniform for a second time. While she dripped from her panties, the others asked her a thousand questions and when she had answered them all, she was declared almost graduated. Melissa also wet herself, this time through her skirt with her knees lazily apart, lounged back in a garden chair. Her white panties now showed tree concentric yellow rings and a gray area.

Ann fought the temptation to push and wet her panties as well, because she wanted to save it. But she had drunk too much liquids, and when she also couldn't make it in the second shower run, she gave up and went to stand on the grass for a while. Her tell-tale silhouette in the garden lights inspired Janice and Diana to join her. Janice just pissed herself again, quite uncomplicated, while Diana took care to feel as much as possible, obviously helped by the two pairs of panties she had put on. While Ann and Janice were already back at the terrace, Diana still clawed at her skirt, her legs almost unnoticeably open. Wetting yourself was an art. Melissa couldn't bother, she leaked continuously now, her tight denim skirt as dark as Ann's panties. 

When Ann and Diana were in bed, they talked a bit about the day and declared it a full success. "It was great, and I think that Jane now knows very well what kind of effects she can cause in boys. Hopefully she'll put it to good use." Diana agreed. "I still know how it started out between my boyfriend and me, and it was incredible. So many things to discover, so many games to play. Do... do you and your boyfriend play as well?" Ann looked at the ceiling. "Mmmm... making love, yes, of course. He's not so fond of me doing it in my pants, unfortunately. He'll let me, but he isn't really interested when I come back home in my mini skirt and with soaking panties. He knows that in such a case I'm pretty hot though, so he does take advantage of the situation. In the end it does work out quite well." Diana sighed and grabbed her pillow, wishing that her boyfriend was there. 

A few hours later, Diana woke up because Ann was softly calling her. "Yes?" she answered, still sleepy. The early morning light was already peeping through the window curtains, and she could see Ann lying in her bed, looking at her. "I think we should carefully begin now, Diana" Ann whispered. "Otherwise we can't fully enjoy it." She rolled on her back and Diana saw that she pulled up her knees, making a tent of the bed covers. "I need to go pretty much. I wonder if they can hold it all." Diana put an arm under her head to look at Ann. She breathed visibly, clearly very excited about what she was going to do. Her knees moved a bit. "Oh Diana it's so thrilling! Here I am, in my night gown in my bed, and I am about to..."

Diana now felt a pleasant tingle creep up her spine and decided to follow Ann in her position. Soon, they were both on their backs, waiting for the right moment to start. Ann went first. "Oh dear, I think that it comes. Yes it does. Oh dear... oh dear!" Diana heared Ann's bed squeak softly as she tensioned all her muscles, and then sharpy inhaled as she wet herself. "Oh Diana I can't stop, it's all going in one gush! It's so hot, incredible! It comes everywhere! It... it..." The squeaking started again, rhythmically now, as Ann began to gyrate her hips. With a blush on her face, Diana heared her friend wetting her bed and orgasm at the same time. It surely was inspiring. 

When Ann had cooled down and was drooling, still on her back, Diana slid her hands down her own night clothes. Well, night. Actually she wore her uniform again, her spare one. The other had been drying outside and should be ready to wear in the morning. She put her hands on her skirt and relaxed. Wearing her uniform as night gown was almost routine. She had even wet her uniform on her bed a few times, and she and her boyfriend had wet each other in bed as well. With a water bed of your own, that is easy. But this was different. Cozily under the warm covers, she felt a need to go but had no single intention to leave for the toilet. Ann was right, it was very exciting. She grasped her skirt, still a nice reflex, and relaxed some more. Slowly, carefully, it came on, just as if her body was reluctant to take the opportunity she offered.

She moaned a bit, more to alert Ann than because she needed to. Her body now understood what it could do, and soon there was no way back. "I'm going, Ann," Diana whispered, and arched her back. There it was. A trickle went into her panties, soon followed by more. She could feel it all. It stayed on top of her crotch for a moment, then rolled down over her sensitive parts, all the way down. More came into her panties, still more. It now also went sideways, and because of her arched back, even up her tummy. Clutching her skirt with white knuckles, Diana pushed all she had into her panties, and it was a lot. She had promised her boyfriend not to help herself to orgasm the day before returning home, so wetting herself was all she could do, but it was enough. Delightfully she gave herself over to the wonders of wet panties, and pushed as hard as she could. 

When they got up, they spent a moment looking at each other. Ann's night gown reached down almost to her knees, and it was barely noticeable that she wore a diaper. Diana's skirt however was too short, and a white padded bum peeked out from behind. Nonetheless they both felt that this experiment was successful and should be repeated. That said, they proceeded to the showers to clean up and get properly dressed. 

All the girls assembled for breakfast nicely in time. They all wore their cheerleader uniforms, this time freshly out of the showers. Jane's and Janice's skirts were a bit less pristine as the other's, but that was no problem. Their tight college sweaters, now with the big university logo prominently displayed on their breasts again, and their immaculate blue panties made them feel as reborn. After a quick breakfast, Diana started out with the warming-up as usual. Only Maureen took the warming-up literally, the others could wait until a more appropriate moment, like during the Welcome Players cheer, where they all stood with their legs apart in two rows, making a big "X" with their arms and legs, waving pompoms in the air while the players ran onto the field in between the rows. They felt this figure was a bit of a giveaway, but responses from the audience had been very positive. 

The rest of the morning up to dinner was quite uneventful, and the girls felt some hint of boredom creeping in. Almost three days of cheerleader camp was indeed enough. During lunch they had a last wetting feast, and then it was dishes, one more practice session, and packing. While the others stuffed all their bags in the bus, Diana and Janice made a round through the manor to check if they left everything more or less as they had found it. No problem. Janice's uncle and aunt would land at the airport at three o'clock, and it would take them about an hour to get home. When their car drove up the access road, the girls were nicely sitting at the terrace, in their normal clothes this time, and everything seemed completely normal. Like it should be. After a quick thank-you and goodbye, Diana drove the bus off the premises and headed for home. 

Most of the girls apparently were so exhausted that on the way back, it was quite silent in the minibus. One by one they were dropped off at their homes, and considering the dragging walk of them they would not make it late that evening. Their muscles hurted, too. When Diana let Ann off the bus as the last one, they congratulated each other with a fine weekend. Something to be repeated, for sure. Diana left the bus at the rental station and drove back to her appartment in her own car. 

Diana arrived home just after seven o'clock. When she opened the front door, she could already smell the meal her boyfriend was preparing. Spicy and with rice, good! She threw herself into his arms and gave him a big, long kiss. "No need asking you if you had fun, I suppose?" he managed to mutter in between her attacks. "It was great," Diana replied. "The training went well, we wet all over the place all the time, and Jane got her first encounter of the second kind." She let her friend go back to the stove and started to rummage in her bag. Out came her uniform, neatly packed. She disappeared in her bedroom for a moment, and when she came back she had her skirt so short that a bit of her panties showed all the time. Her friend frowned. "Oh dear, I don't know if I can handle all of you tonight. Please have mercy!" Diana put up her friendliest smile and sat down at the table, her legs modestly crossed, while her friend served the meal. Mercy? My ass. Just wait until after the dishes. 

