Let's just say, I wish this story were true!
I met Mary in an undergraduate maths lecture. I had noticed her since the start of term. Her long brown hair and fresh complexion made me catch my breath every time I saw her. That day, I managed to sit next to her at the lecture, and I remember being surprised that she wore a very alluring scent to lectures. Most female students left that until evening time!
In other ways, however, she was quite shy, however. She seemed completely focused on her work, and I could not help wondering if she was already dating someone. As luck would have it, I got to talk with her and discovered that although she certainly knew more math than me, she was having some trouble with her computer. I offered to help sort her out, and vaguely suggested that she might return the favor by helping me with some of the latest set of differential equations that we were supposed to solve.
Mary and I were soon spending quite a bit of time together, but although she often seemed to wear that alluring scent, she never seemed to encourage anything between us that was not strictly technical.
One day we were invited together to a friend's party. I guess many people probably thought we were already lovers, and although I felt proud to be thought of as Mary's boyfriend, I dearly wished it was really so!
On the way back, we were not exactly drunk, but we were not quite in the mood to discuss the application of Green's functions to the solution of differential equations either! I put my arm round her and risked a kiss. For a moment she resisted, but then to my amazement her mouth opened and our tongues met. After a few blissful moments, Mary pulled away from me and spoke.
"I know you want me, David, but I need to explain something to you first.
Um, I'm not sure you'll really want me then, so promise me we will still be friends if that happens."
I was not sure what to say then – I just cuddled her closer and muttered agreement. By know we were back at her room, and she fiddled about making us both some tea before she finally sat down and started to talk.
"Um, I guess there is no easy way to tell you this, but I have a slight medical problem – I have to wear incontinence pads, and, well, sometimes I pee a bit too much in them and I think I smell a bit despite everything..."
Mary trailed off, stared at the floor, and blushed painfully. I suddenly realized what Mary's perfume was – I was awfully glad I had not wrecked things earlier by commenting on it!
"I... mean, maybe you don't want to go any further, and we can just carry on talking about math."
I hugged her close and kissed her burning cheek. Ever since I'd become interested in girls, I'd secretly imagined them wetting themselves – I don't know why, but everything about pee seemed sexy to me. Of course, I had never said anything like that to anyone, and I was not going to let Mary know that I was a freak, but by now I wanted her so bad, it hurt!
"I've only had one boyfriend before. I showered just before we started to make out, but even so he said I seemed to smell of pee a bit, and then I guess I was so nervous that I peed some more. He just made an excuse and left! I was so upset, I couldn't stop crying."
I didn't say anything, but just pulled her to me and kissed her. My hands were starting to explore her body, and she was letting me. Now I knew her 'terrible secret' it was as if she was leaving it to me.
I was almost shaking by the time I undid the button on the top of her jeans. Mary seemed nervous too, and I knew she was still afraid things would go wrong. I could feel plastic underneath her jeans, and I ran my hand over her pants and pressed her gently lower down. Despite her nervousness, Mary was getting very turned on and she pushed herself against my hand.
"I still don't know if this will work, but if you are sure you want this we had better get on the bed – it has got a proper mattress cover on it!"
I couldn't tell if she was breathless from nerves or from excitement as I pushed my hand inside her pants and her pad. She was wet down there, but it was hard to tell how much of it was pee, and how much of it was her juices.
"I'm sorry, I p–probably need to take a shower!" Mary stammered.
I couldn't wait any longer – Mary's nerves were about to overwhelm her. I turned and gently slipped her pants and jeans down her legs. Her pad fell out and I could see a large yellow spot where it had been absorbing her pee.
The sight of her lovely bush, and the scent of her pee drove my crazy, and I kissed her softly between her legs!
For a moment Mary stiffened, and I thought she was going to pull me away, then her legs opened and she was grinding herself into my face! I was fumbling desperately with my tongue, but I think she probably brought herself off with her own desperate movements! No sooner had she cried out, than she unzipped me and gave as good as she got. Within moments we were both completely spent.
"Oh God – I didn't mean that to happen, I'm so sorry, that must have been so disgusting!"
I laughed hysterically as I shuffled round in bed to hug her. "That was absolutely perfect, love, just promise me lots more of that!" I begged.
Mary giggled, and finally seemed to relax. "My mum once told me that she was sure I'd find a nice boy one day that wouldn't get upset by my problem, but I'm sure she didn't have this in mind!"
By: David England