Most people thought of them as the most despicable/disgusting/unpopular girls in the school, but some thought of them as heroes – not to mention a real turn–on.
The pee gang was a group of three senior girls – Rachel, Melissa, and Randy. They were famous for the wetting stunts they frequently pulled. Probably their favourite trick was to use a two code–word system. Most people had no idea how they did it, but then again most people didn't try to be around every time the pee gang put on one of their shows. They'd stage a casual conversation, use one code–word to indicate when they were ready, which would then be repeated by all the other members of the group to indicate that they, too, were ready, and another code–word to indicate when they'd start peeing. About 1 second after the second code word is said, they would all pee themselves in excellent synchronisation. They usually wore mini–skirts, so the end result was three straight, golden–to–clear streams splattering on the ground through panties.
The teachers couldn't do anything about it for three reasons. One, there was technically no rule against peeing in clothing, although removing clothing to urinate outside of the toilets would come under the heading of indecency, and Rachel's mom was a successful lawyer who had been tricked into offering some clues and indirect assistance. Two, Melissa was on the school council, and was reputedly paying off just enough of the school council to prevent any new rules on peeing being added (one of the school rules was that any new rule amendments proposed by the teachers must go through the student council, and vice versa). Three, one of the deputy principals was secretly a pee fetishist as well, and would frustrate the principal's efforts to declare a "decency rule" that would ban the wetting, as well as several other things that there were technically no rules against but were thought to be too outrageous to actually happen, namely panty–pooping, sex in the toilets, and masturbation at any time at school.
Rachel was paying no attention to her Social Studies class. She was thinking about previous exploits, in particular the most daring one they'd done to date, and the wetting they had planned that lunchtime. She took another long swig from her water bottle, and resumed her fantasy/memory.
She couldn't believe that this was actually going to work – going to happen – even as she walked up onto the assembly stage. They'd told the Deputy that was secretly on their side that they'd intended to do a "special" dance, and she'd passed it onto the principal minus the special part. The principal had misgivings, but there was no textbook reason not to let them have their performance. She continued her walk up to the stage, and the music began. She began the overtly sexy dance they had planned, and waited for the code word in the song. There. "Pour your heart out." As the word "pour," sounded, she let go, but it wasn't until the word "your" began that the urine exploded out into her panties– and through them– a waterfall of silver and gold for all who treasured that type of gold. Similar streams flickered into life in almost the same split–second from the other girls. She only just remembered to keep dancing. She forgot the audience. An intense gush of pleasure at the exact same time of the gush of piss had burst into life, blotting out all else. 
As the super–orgasm faded with her pee stream, she heard the Principal's voice over the PA, and the audience. Here, the fantasy diverged from reality. In the fantasy, the Principal cheered her on, and the audience broke into chant: "Pee again! Pee again! Pee! Pee! PEE!" Spurred on, she danced on, getting even sexier; moving into territory some would say belonged to sluts. And in the song's climax, in the heat of the moment, needing to pee again somehow, she led the group to the edge of the stage, pulled aside her panties, aimed her exposed private parts as high as they could go, and released. The stream arced high, almost to the roof of the assembly hall, before scattering into a spray in its way down to Earth. And no one complained. In fact, all of the audience members either raised their hands to catch the gold, or opened their mouths. Melissa and Randy, at first shocked at what their friend was doing, upon seeing the audience's reaction stepped to the edge of the stage and added their own arcs, making the whole of the assembly hall into a golden–silver fountain.
In reality however, the Principal's voice had denounced her performance as "a disgusting bit of vileness that will tarnish our school for the next century." And the audience had been mostly booing and cussing her out. She'd been ordered off the stage, and hadn't dared to disobey. Randy had, and had received two extra days of suspension on top of the week they all got for the sexy dance (and, unofficially, the peeing as well). And to top it all off, two days later her mother had found her peeing porn and had wiped that off her computer and attempted to block her access to the wetting porn websites that she'd gotten it off of.
The fantasy had made Rachel so horny by the end that she was holding back an orgasm. The moment class ended, she picked up her books, dumped them in her bag, and raced for the toilets. Several touches on her clit were all that it took to bring her to a good orgasm. She let loose a spurt of pee in pleasure, but quickly focused all of herself that was not consumed in the orgasm on holding her pee in and not ruining the lunch break "performance."
Rachel headed for the meeting place. Her bladder was quite full, and she would have gone to the toilet already if she hadn't had plans. Or maybe she wouldn't have, and would have just held on until she lost control, as all the members of the pee gang did every so often. She was the first one there, but Melissa arrived almost as soon as Rachel had taken off her bag. Randy also arrived reasonably promptly. They struck up a conversation about boys, makeup, and the latest fashion. Rachel acted interested, but most of the chat was waffle. She was just waiting for the code word, which came with surprising suddenness from Randy's mouth. She replied with a natural–sounding response that also contained the code word, as did Melissa. Rachel then spoke the second code word in her next sentence, simultaneously releasing her hold on the large amount of urine built up in her bladder. Thanks to quite a few wettings with the gang, and at least a hundred wettings altogether, her bladder had no hesitations whatsoever about releasing its load into her panties in front of the several people who clustered knowing that they'd pee sooner or later, as well as the people around by chance.
Rachel felt her panties quickly get soaked front to back attempting to block the stream and failing miserably. The thin, strong stream hit the ground, splashing all over her shoes. Randy and Melissa were also peeing, and all three of their pee streams formed puddles, which soon joined in the center of the circle. Even before her bladder was halfway empty, her first orgasm was rushing through her body, and she could see from the looks on the faces of her friends that they felt the same. Another orgasm quickly replaced the first as it faded. Her pee stream was also fading, and she slowed it down and instead chose to put the rest of her pee into a slow flow down her legs.
Author's Notes:
I mentioned in my other story that my next story would be Anne's Adventure, a story about a pee–loving girl who finally gets a chance to fulfil her fantasies when she goes on a holiday to a remote town with few tourist attractions for that exact purpose. I am still working on it, but I'm not in love with the concept, and I've lost most of my momentum. I will finish the part I've done so far, but probably no sequels.
On the other hand, I love the idea of this story, and I am fairly confident in assuring you that there will be sequels to this! I am undecided on whether to have them from the point of view of a gang member or a "fan" (this story was originally going to be from the point of view of a pee fetishist who didn't have the courage to join the pee gang, but I thought there were overall more possibilities if the point–of–view character was a member of the pee gang).
The next story besides Anne's Adventure will probably be a holding contest between the members of the pee gang, but I'm willing to take requests, so if there's a story you'd like to see, whether it's with the characters from any of my stories to date or a completely different story, I will see what I can do.
By: Da1337dude