Performance Art
	Bondage and self torture turned into performance art.
Author: i_would

Everything hurts. My feet, my legs, my arms, my cheeks. Just everything. I am stiff as a board. How long have I been standing here? No idea, no idea of time. A few hours I think, it must be. I have to pee like mad. Is it still not time for a break? I can't even wiggle my legs to help me hold up my pee. Voices, I can't hear what they say. Too muffled. There are changes in the air flow, people walk by me. Footsteps stop. They must love the view. At least I hope they do. A girl giggles, did someone say something to her? Is she laughing about me? Bite down a little harder. Don't lose concentration. I can do this.

A month or so ago a friend contacted me on behalf of an artist friend of hers who was looking for female nude models. My friend said she couldn't do it herself, as she has no nipple piercings, and this performance called for a model with just that. Affinity with BDSM was another requirement. It was a one day gig at a body art festival and conference. As I had the day available I made an appointment with the artist to learn more.

The artist explained to me the basic concept of this art performance. "People tend to hang on to things, even when it hurts, because they are so afraid of the pain of letting go. This is a form of self torture, inflicted by the person on him or herself. The current state often has to become unbearable before a person finally decides to leave the situation, to go through the inevitable pain of the change, and move on to what is hopefully a better future."

The artist explained, "the installation is simple, but in the process your endurance is tested. To do well, you must be able to endure pain. The installation is art, but the performance is very real. It will induce pain in you. The audience will be able to see your pain, and smell your sweat as you fight the discomfort, to be able to continue the performance. Of course if it is too much for you, you can always bail out. You are however encouraged to continue the performance through the day."

Careful now, don't fall again. I have to move, my muscles stiffen up and lose strength. My legs shake, they feel like jelly, almost making me fall. OK, arms. Pull. I can do this. If I pull myself up, I can release my legs one by one, maybe shake some life back into them. I can do this. Pull, pull. It hurts, my arms hurt. I can do this. Pull. Ow, the pain, it's too much. I can't lift myself. A waft of cool air touches my belly. Why do I shiver? It's not that cold. My bladder is full, I need to pee. I didn't drink that much, did I?

"What is the performance, exactly?"

"Sorry, I can't tell too much about it yet. It is at a fetish fair, so eroticism is part of it. You will be naked except for six inch heels and a blindfold, and bound to restrict your movement. You will be fitted with a self torture type of device, the centrepiece of the performance. Naked, in a vulnerable position, you're in the end doing it to yourself, like so many people in a bad job, a bad relationship or otherwise bad situation, they feel vulnerable and unable to get out of it fearing the pain of breaking out of it. You have nipple piercings, right?"

"Yes, I do. Little rings."

"Perfect. Those are key to the contraption. You will go through a physical exam, to make sure you and your piercings are in good health for this performance."

The artist continued with a range of questions for me, including making sure my husband knew I was doing this and was OK it. I also received a ticket for him, to come and see me perform on the day. Part of the reward for the day included an overnight stay for my husband and me in a pretty nice hotel near to the performance venue.

Try something else. How about if I push my foot onto the toe... then I can wiggle maybe... careful now, almost lost my balance. That's bad. Can't have that happen again, hurts my arms way too much. Bite down. Don't let go. Maybe I can wiggle my knees a bit, that should be safe. I can do this. Oh, I'm drooling again. It runs down my chin, it'll drop on my chest soon. There's got to be a whole river between my boobs. What a sight I must be. All my naughty bits fully exposed, a very simple, obvious and effective restraint, a river of half dried spit running down my chest. Ow, my nipples. Note to self, don't move head up. Gotta remember that.

The weeks before the exhibition I was very excited, and also a bit afraid as the artist had not told me many details of the day. My husband was also obviously looking forward to visit the fair and see his lover on public display, it's been a while since I've seen him that horny. I mean, of course it was for looking at me, not for the chance to check out the other scantily clad girls at the conference. That was at least what he told me, and I take his word for it. Even though I am quite sure he was secretly mostly interested in ogling the other girls. After all, me he can see every day already.

The chain of the mouth piece rubs over my chest as I wiggle. Hold on to that rod in my mouth, ignore the pain it causes. I can do this. Not going to drop it, that's just way too painful. That demo of the artist was painful enough, and that was from well below my nipples. From my mouth it's at least four times that, so the pain will be four times that. Or was that sixteen times even? I forgot my physics. Double the distance dropped was that double or quadruple the energy? No, not interested in trying that one out. One way it just hurts even more than the other. Either way it hurts too much. More than I can handle. Just hold on. I can do this. Gotta be break time soon.

On the event day I had to arrive a few hours before opening. A beautician took care of me, not just my face but my whole body got a once over. Of course she did make me look my best, and I really liked the result. I looked like a decade younger again, even though she could of course not do anything about the sag of my breasts. That is just nature, and I'm not 20 any more.

The exhibition would last for about six hours, and I would have two breaks in between. An hour before the start of the event I was taken to the booth, where the last details were taken care of. It was only now that I learned the full details of the installation that I was going to be part of. It was simple yet very efficient.

On the stage I put on those massive heels, which are pretty hard to balance on. My legs were spread a bit and a bar attached to my ankles with short chains, severely limiting my leg movement and ensuring a good view of my pussy. Next, I had to raise my arms above my head, where my wrists were tied together and attached to a rope that went all the way up to the ceiling. This rope prevented me from putting down my arms, but if I were to trip, I would be hanging off it.

A thin metal chain was attached to my nipple rings, with a larger object halfway. As it hung down I could very well feel its weight pulling down my nipples. I am quite used to feeling such weight, my husband loves to let little weights swing from my piercings. My nipples are very sensitive and I am easily stimulated that way, which is one of the reasons I got those nipple rings to begin with.

Fully exposed, the heels forced me to hold back my butt and push my chest forward, having my arms pulled over my head lifted my breasts a bit. I knew I looked hot, and I knew I'd get lots of attention just for this pose. I was getting a little excited, and could easily feel the slight wetness of my exposed pussy. I was in for an interesting day, that was sure.

Can I now have my break, pretty please? I can't keep this up forever. I constantly hear voices, close to me, probably commenting on me. Do they like what they see? Do they like my body? Drooling over sexy me as I'm drooling on myself? I don't want to let the artist down, I want to continue the performance. I can do this. But it hurts. Everything hurts. My next break should be really soon now, it must have been a few hours since my first break. I can do this. I want to get off the stage, get out of those heels, stretch my muscles, and most of all have a pee. My bladder hurts. I have to squeeze harder, can't let go here, too embarrassing. My legs hurt, I can't control the shudder. They're painful, painful jelly. No, I can do this. My lunch break and relief must be due soon. Oh yes, I'm hungry as well. Doesn't matter. I can do this. Just stop thinking about it.

The artist held up the weight a bit and explained, "this is the thing you are to hang on to, with your mouth. As I explained, you will be hanging on to it even though it hurts, as if you let go, it drops down pulling your nipples hard," then dropped the weight without warning.

I gasped as the little weight jerked down my breasts, stretching my nipples a bit, and sending a wave of pain through my body, soon followed by a wave of excitement. The shock caused my muscles to contract and I almost lost my balance. I felt my pussy react instantly to the stimulation.

"Ow, I really felt that," I said after a while, smiling.

"You can imagine how that feels if it falls down all the way from your mouth."

The working of the contraption quickly dawned on me. Simple and devious, I was to hold this weight in my mouth at all times. Dropping it would be very painful on my nipples, but without dropping it I would not be able to say anything, including my safe word. I was to stand there, in a not all too comfortable position, exposed to the world, and the only way to get out of it was to go through a lot of pain. Pain that would of course not last all too long, yet a prospect that's painful enough to make me not wanting to change the status quo. Plus of course my moral commitment to the artist to do this performance today.

How many people have seen me by now? They must see me suffer, what will they be thinking? Do they see me as a piece of performance art, or just as a hot naked chick? Do they see why I am holding on to that thing in my mouth? Or do they just look at my tits and ass? The drool on my chest? Nothing to be ashamed of there, I'm in good shape, always been, always been pretty happy with my body. I can do this. The drool is not nice. But it's not why I'm standing here, of course. Does the audience understand the art? Do they know why I have a hard time keeping my legs straight? Do they just look at my tits? I can do this. Just breath. A few puffs maybe, get some air in. Careful now, don't let it drop. Oh, great, more saliva coming out. I just can't swallow properly with that thing in my mouth.

The artist held the mouth piece in front of my mouth. "Please open your mouth and chow down as I'll let it fall in five ... four ... three ..."

I quickly opened my mouth and grabbed the mouthpiece with my teeth. It was fairly small and not uncomfortable to hold. A blindfold completed the setup, covering not only my eyes but also my ears so I could not hear well what was being said around me, unless the speaker was rather close to me.

After that it was silent for a long time. I occasionally heard voices, the rattle of a cart rolling by, and the thump of other booths being set up. These sounds quickly disappeared as the public opening was due soon.

The blob of saliva drops off my chin, onto my chest. There it goes, the cold liquid runs down between my boobs towards my belly. It doesn't seem to reach my legs. Maybe it's just getting stuck in my pussy hair. It was looking so nicely trimmed this morning, I wonder how it looks now. Soaked in spit? Anyhow, it must be quite a sight for the visitors. It's probably the part of me they're most interested in anyway, art or not.

The whole position I was put in was not uncomfortable. It did not give me much mobility, and definitely put me on display. Legs slightly wide, chest thrust forward to balance myself on those heels, arms raised. I knew I looked pretty hot that way.

It did not take long for the first blobs of saliva to leave my mouth. Having the thing in my mouth activated my saliva production, and due to my position I could not swallow properly. The chain was too short for me to tilt my head up without pulling my breasts up by the nipple piercings, and that was seriously uncomfortable to do.

I could hear the distant rumble of voices, many voices, slowly becoming stronger. The fair had opened to the public. Many people, men and women alike, would be checking me out, likely without caring much about the artist's intentions of setting me up like this. At the same time the blindfold prevented me from seeing anything. My husband would come as well, but when? I had no idea.

What will the visitors think of the smell I put out? Sweat, excitement, saliva. That should be about it. My stomach rumbles, oh yes I'm hungry. It must be several hours since the first break, and I was promised a second one. Will I make it? I can do this. Can I hold my pee long enough? I can do this. I have to. I promised the artist I would do this performance. I can do this. Just stop thinking about it.

Many people were expected to visit this fair. Many people that came to see me naked, vulnerable, with my nipples very obvious tied together. I started to like the idea, that all those anonymous people would be looking at a sexy me. I hoped I would at least stir them up a little. Make some men hard, some women wet. That is the ultimate goal of a fetish fair after all, to arouse and be aroused. I thought of my ultimate reward, tonight in the hotel. I started to feel aroused as well, a little tingling in my pussy. I was more than ready for the performance.

Concentrate, lock out all the thoughts. Don't think, concentrate on my breathing. Ignore all the sounds around me. I can do this. I have to continue, my pride is on the line, as are my nipples. Of course I can bail out, I can open my mouth, endure the pain and tell the artist I'm bailing. But I won't. I'll just squeeze my bladder and wait for the break. It can't be long. I can do this. I just have to zone out, ignore everything. Breath in ... breath out ... breath in ... breath out ...

Maybe an hour into the exhibition disaster struck. I had been quite comfortable so far, feeling a little stiff from the standing but otherwise pretty much OK. Lots of people visited the booth, I heard lots of different voices. Some wanted to talk to the artist about the work, others just had a look at me. Suddenly though I felt an irritation in my nose. Some dust made its way in maybe, it is hard to say what really happened, but it was inevitable. A sneeze was building up. I did what I could to suppress it, as I was in no position to sneeze properly, but of course that is impossible.

So I sneezed.

Not a big one, it was highly suppressed, but it was a sneeze. Now try to sneeze with your arms held up in the air, legs forcibly spread, all the while balancing on some mega heels and holding something with your teeth. The wave that went through my body made me lose my balance, and there I was, hanging by my arms, trying to find secure footing, all the while desperately holding on to this mouth piece with my teeth.

Hanging from my stretched-out arms I tried to regain my footing. I was all sweaty and panting from the shock and the pain, groaning loudly, the only sound I could make without dropping the mouth piece.

After I was wiggling and struggling for a while I felt a pair of hands grabbing my waist, stabilising me. This allowed me to firmly plant my feet down on the podium, and a bit of wiggling with my feet later I was standing again. The hands lingered for a moment, then slowly loosened their grip and disappeared again. Was it the artist? A random passer-by? It is impossible to tell who helped me back up. I was just thankful that they did. I was panting, I felt the sweat running down my back. It was not particularly warm in the exhibition hall, so now the shock was gone the lingering sweat started to cool me down quickly. I shivered.

Huh... what's that touch? Is that the artist? Coming to help me down to take a break? No, just some stronger wind. How long have I been standing now? I don't know. I do know that I'm awake again. All my physical discomforts are back, with a vengeance. I really need to pee now. Still no break. How long do I still have to wait? Oh that trance was so comfortable, I really was out for a while. No idea how long, I have lost all sense of time. The pain of my full bladder is spreading through my legs to my tortured feet. Standing on high heels for several hours straight is so painful. Should I just lift my feet? Hang on that rope? From my arms? That could give some relief. All I have to do is slowly relax my legs, let my arms take the strain. Slowly. I can do this. This shouldn't hurt too much.

Following the sneeze I managed to just stand, and relax. My feet were quite OK, those heels were pretty comfortable, as far as high heels go. The sweat evaporated, and with it the chill disappeared.

After what felt like another hour, a wholly uneventful hour, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I heard the voice of the artist next to me.

"It is time for your break. I'm going to release your feet, then your hands. Do hold on to the weight in your mouth as I do this, and guide you backstage."

Unable to actually answer I just nodded slightly. I felt a touch on one ankle, then the other, as the spreader bar was released. A moment later my arms were freed. I rubbed my stiff muscles as I moved my arms down.

"Be careful. Turn around, then two steps forward are the steps down. I will support you as you walk down. The blindfold must stay on, to not break the magic. You may take the mouth piece out and hold it in your hands if you prefer."

I took the mouth piece down and held it in my hands, careful to not tug my nipples. After making it down the steps I was guided to a seat, and sat down.

"Anything you want? A drink, snack, toilet?"

"All of the above, please," I answered.

The artist took really good care of me, but insisted the blindfold stayed on. As a result I had no idea how the day progressed. No chance go get a feel of the time, or how many people there are, what they look like. It was just me in my little bubble. After taking off the high heels I was led to the toilet, drank some water and had a few cookies. Ready to go back on stage, back on display.

Just hang on my arms for a bit, it's going well. I can do this. The weight on my feet is less now, a little more and I can lift my foot. Damn, almost lost my balance there. Ow, my arm hurts. Bad idea, girl. Bad idea. Feet back on the ground, stand up. I can do this. Ow, ow, that hurts big time. My feet hurt even more now I put my weight on it again. I can do this. Everything hurts. I'm sweating. I can't let go, it hurts too much. I can do this. The audience must be able to see the pain on my face, everything hurts, but I have to wait for my break. Just have to. I can do this. Breath in ... breath out ... breath in ...

Suddenly I felt a strong wind at my pussy. Surprised, I jerked back a little bit, almost losing my balance. Some quick corrections with my feet and disaster averted. I breathed quickly from the shock, feeling afraid, afraid of falling myself, afraid of dropping the mouthpiece and the pain it results in.

A moment later I feel a gentle breeze of warm air, as if someone is breathing on my pussy. Are they trying to smell me or so? I have no idea what is going on. There is a strict no touching policy, so I'm not afraid of them doing anything unwanted to me. The attention to this sensitive region does strongly arouse me.

The warm breath moved to other parts of my body. It started to feel like my husband, he often does just that to me. He knows I'm rather ticklish, and that air blown just right can set me off. This air was blown just right. He was teasing me, trying to make me aroused while I was in no position to do anything about or with it. If anything, it worked. I felt really naughty, knowing that there must be a good number of onlookers. No doubt these onlookers noticed how my nipples had grown already, how my face reacted to the stimulation, how my breath became faster.

The whole situation made me feel very excited. The blindfold, the anonymity, there was nothing to really be ashamed of. But then, maybe it was someone else inspecting me, and I was getting all excited for a stranger. I can only hope he (or she) is hot. This thought is so exciting!

Breath in ... Breath out ... Breath in ... I can do this, concentrate. Breath in ... My feet hurt too much. My arms hurt. Everything hurts. The pain is overwhelming me. I can't put up with this for long, why am I not being released yet? Is it still not time? Doesn't the artist see my pain? I'm sure I've been standing here for a few hours already. The sweat is running down my back, my chest, together with the many drops of drool that have fallen down. I can do this. Why am I even still doing this?

Over the following half hour, hour maybe nothing special happened. Voices came and went, footsteps came by, the occasional vibration of the stage as someone stepped on. Was it the artist? A visitor? It was hard to say. I know people were talking near me, no doubt discussing me. My position, my body. I don't know what they were discussing.

The sounds were muffled due to the blindfold that was tied over my ears. I could pick up some words, I heard both male and female voices. I wondered what they were talking about. I tried to listen, but to no avail. Even though I could not see my audience, it felt good to be the centre of the attention. Or so I thought, I could not tell whether they were really paying attention to me. They should. I must have been quite a sight.

Over time my muscles started to tense. I was in a rather unnatural position, with little freedom of movement. I wanted to move, but could not. The temperature in the hall was rather comfortable, they must have increased it for the comfort all the naked and near naked people around. Sometimes though I felt a cooler weft of air, tickling my body gently.

As my muscles tensed, my bladder also started to fill, not uncomfortable but a bit worrisome. When would my next break be? I realised that while I was promised two breaks, and had the first one already, the artist did not give me any indication on when the second break would be. I don't even know how long I had been standing before the first break, or how long it is since then.

Is this really the intention of the artist? Let me stand here, in pain, suffering? No, it's me that's letting me stand here. I'm doing this to myself, it is pure self torture. I'm doing this because it is my pride to continue it, because dropping the mouth piece hurts my nipples way too much. That's why I'm doing this. I can get out, all I have to do is open my mouth and say it. Drop the weight, go through the pain, and say it. Then it's done, it's over.

The pain will go away, all of it. Exactly as the artist explained, what this whole performance was about. I'm stuck in a very bad situation, a situation that hurts me, but I'm afraid of breaking out of it. Dang, that's it. Now I get it. Me ending it must be the completion of the performance. I could have done it a long time ago. Maybe I should have done it a long time ago. But I can't, it hurts too much to let go, so I don't let go and I continue to suffer. I have to let go. I have to break free. I can do this. But then my break should be very soon now.

It is very hard to stand still for a long time. The pose I was forced into was slowly getting the better of me. I tried to move my feet as much as possible without risking losing by balance. Over time I got better at this, but my movement was still very limited. The best I could do was move my head, to stretch my neck muscles. Slowly sway my head left and right, forward and back up. Not too far up, or I'd start to pull my nipples too much.

My arms had basically no chance to move. My fingers were free, and I could wiggle them. That helped in the blood flow through my arms, though my fingers were feeling cold. Holding up my arms for this long was taking its toll.

All I have to do is open my mouth. I can't, I know the drop hurts too much. That little demo was painful, the big drop will be terrible. It's going to rip my nipples. I can't do that. The doctor said I my nipples are very healthy, and I was OK to do this performance. The doctor must have known about it. He was in. Can my nipples really handle this? It's got to be so painful. I can't keep on standing. My legs are giving up. My arms can't handle the strain. I'm shaking, all over my body I'm shaking. I have to let go. I can do this. Just open my mouth, and the weight slips out. That's all there is to it. No I can't. The pain.

With care I could move my legs a bit. I could not lift my feet at all, just twist them a bit. I could balance on the heel or on the toe, careful to not hit the limits of the spreader bar. As I was doing this I had the feeling I was seriously showing off my pussy to who-ever cared looking, and I wasn't sure I was really comfortable with that. It was a bit too much of a good thing, no need to spread and open it to the world.

Even with this movement my muscles started to hurt. The high heels were taking their toll on my feet, as they required constant balancing with my muscles. At times my legs started to shake, it took all my willpower to keep them under control as in any case I was not willing to risk losing my balance. It was really hard, and my bladder started to fill up to painful levels as well, demanding release. I concentrated on my breath, to zone out from the pain, waiting for my next break.

For a while the zoning out worked, and I lasted maybe another 15 minutes until I got distracted. I tried to zone out again, but failed, and in the end decided to put an end to the performance and let go of the mouthpiece.

I have to get out of this. The pain is too much. Open my mouth. The weight will drop, until it hangs on my nipples. Ripping my nipples, my sensitive nipples. Gonna hurt so much, so much. I can do this. Just open my mouth, just do it and it's over. I can do this. Just open my mouth, let it drop. There it goes. It goes. Gonna hurt. It goes. Ah! Ow! That hurts. Now it's hanging from my nipples, they are on fire. This is intense. I have to hold on. I have to keep on standing. I can do this. Beautiful stars. Let the weight hang, let the pain subside enough so I can talk again. Legs, cooperate! I need you, I can't be hanging from my arms. I can do this. It hurts, it hurts so much. My poor nipples. It's done. I'm going to get out of this.

Fully focussed on my nipples I knew what was coming. I closed my eyes firmly, strained all my muscles in anticipation. It felt like ages, and it came. The pull as the mouthpiece strained the chains. The jolt as it came to a stop. The bounce up. The aftershocks. The pain, the indescribable pain that I imposed on myself. My legs felt like pudding, I saw stars in front of my tightly closed eyes.

"Let me out, I'm done," I said, panting. It was not easy to talk with that weight swinging and pulling my boobs, stretching my nipples. "Performance is over." I was panting in an attempt to deal with the pain. "Everything hurts and I really need to pee."

"You're a strong girl, you did fantastic," the artist replied. "We'll untie you in a moment, in the meantime open your mouth and hold on to this for just a little longer."

I said it, the magic words. I did it. I'm out. The strain from my nipples disappears, the pain stops, the stimulation goes straight to my vagina. It's over. I did it. I completed the artwork, the performance. I'm done. My nipples still burn, but it's OK. I can do this. I've done this. I'm going to be free again. I'm going to stretch all my limbs, get rid of those heels, and run to the toilet. Now I know why. I just know.

I felt the strain released from my nipples, and a moment later I had the mouthpiece back between my teeth. I clamped down firmly, that pain was once and only once. I was not interested in any more. My arms were released, followed by my feet, and then my shoes were undone. I removed the mouthpiece from my mouth, holding it in my hand instead.

"Just step out of them," the artist said.

It was a great relief to be standing flat on my feet again. So much more stable. Finally my blindfold was removed. I blinked my eyes, I was standing right in a spotlight and my eyes had been in the total darkness for many hours now. I couldn't see anything.

The artist looked at where the invisible audience should be, and announced, "look at her, she finally did it. It is always hard to break a situation and move on. Even though it hurts, many reasons to not get out apply. Today, the only motivation I gave her was the request of doing the performance, and the prospect of the pain of the falling weight. Yet that was enough for her to endure standing for hours, blindfolded, arms stretched up, in high heels. Looking back at it, she will probably think, why did I wait so long? Why did I endure all this? This is typical for what many people do in real life. The fear for the unknown, the pain of breaking away, it all holds us back in moving on. All until she finally decided that enough is enough and the situation had to end, so she managed to get herself over that final hump, took the pain, and here she is. Free as a bird!"

My eyes started to get used to the light now, I could see a great number of people in front of the stage. All dressed, though many women showing an almost indecent amount of skin. I suddenly felt very naked with all those eyes on me.

"Give her a big hand, and then we'll let her go. Marilyn, thank you so much for your great performance."

As the crowd applauded, my husband appeared and gave me a big hug and a long kiss, the crowd cheering us on.

"I arranged a long massage for you, you'll need it," he whispered in my ear. "Let's go, as soon as you're ready here, tomorrow we can come back and you can visit the fair. You looked really hot, everyone loved watching you."

I agreed. "Sure, but first things first: let me go for a pee."

