Measure for Measure for Pleasure ( Part 1 )
It was with considerable pleasure that Katie anticipated the visit of her cousin Jane. Katie and Jane's mother being sisters, only separated in by two years in age, they had always enjoyed a close loving relationship, which had strengthened as they grew up. Even when they each left home to get married they still maintained close contact. Romaly (Katie's mum) had married first. She had married John, then an aspiring legal clerk now a successful solicitor. On the other hand, Heather, Jane's mum, had fallen madly in love with Joe, an assistant grounds man, who although he was diligent and conscientious had taken years to become head grounds man. Joe and Heather lived in a tiny cottage and had a reasonable income, however they where not in the same financial league as Katie's parents. The two sisters kept in touch, visited one another, and still loved and respected each other. There was a social difference that they tried to ignore. This was not the case with their daughters– who grew up firm friends, confiding in one another – indeed very close confidants. Holidays were spent together, visiting one another's home. They had always shared the same bedroom, often sharing the same bed; they discovered their sexuality together not long after their eighteenth and twentieth birthdays. Their sexual awakening was enhanced by cries of delight, provoking intimate muttered exchanges when in bed at night. It began with touching and feeling as they recounted their experiences with boys and men. They had naturally indulged together in exploring their bodies, leading to mutual masturbation. Discovering that cumming with a full bladder intensified the gratification that orgasm brought, they also found that wearing a tight wide belt that constricted the bladder had a mind–blowing effect. On more than one occasion, each of the girls had lost control in the throws of cumming, and had wet themselves. Now having some experience "under their belts" they indulged in sex games competing, trying to gain control by exciting each other to the limit, with the loser being the one who finished while begging for release. When Heather and Jane arrived there was much kissing, and enthusiastic greetings. Romaly had a couple of bottles of champagne on ice, and news and views were exchanged. Everything was going well, there was just one thing that struck Katie as odd; it seemed that each time Jane went to the loo her mother went at the same time. She attached little significance to it, though, as there were lots of other things going on. Later after tea she and Jane retired to her room, to unpack Jane's clothes. Jane was unpleasantly surprised to see a new king–sized double bed instead of the two single beds that had been there before. Jane became very grave. "Katie this is, well, a bit embarrassing but you really need to know. I have a problem, as a result of a relationship I had with a boy and...Oh! This is difficult!" Katie cut in "you're not pregnant, or got something nasty have you?" Jane looked shocked. "No, nothing like that, well you see one time that we were having sex, he pushed his prick up my urethra, it hurt like hell at the time– but after, I found I had lost some control of my bladder. It will get better in time, but until it does I have to wear these!" She lifted her skirt revealing that she was wearing plastic surgical panties. Katie took in the sight of Jane's body encased in the white undergarment, tight fitting at the top and closely fitted round the legs, bulging between the legs to hold disposable absorbent padding. "But Jane the thing is fastened at the back, however do you manage to get them off?" Jane could not look at her friend as she explained. "It's done on purpose you see, I was almost over it last week; while lying in bed, I was feeling randy at the time, and well, being that horny, I just could not resist pulling aside the protective panties I was wearing at the time. I started to play with my cunt just tickling it to start with, and I just had to– you know, frig properly. Once I had done it a bit, then I could not stop, leading to a marathon session in bed for ages. You see, at that time I was able to do that since the plastic panties I was using at that time allowed me to take them off. Afterwards I fell asleep, leaving them off. When I woke in the morning, I had wet the bed, I mean not just wet, absolutely soaked it and ruined the divan. Mummy was furious she hauled me off to the doctor. Our doctor is a woman, thank goodness, but I still had to explain what I had done, then I nearly died of embarrassment. She said I obviously could not help myself but that if I did not refrain, I would never get well. So she prescribed these things, they fit in such a way that I cannot touch myself, and I cannot take them off without help, nor can I go to the loo on my own. Apparently as my thingy heals the urge to seek sexual relief, becomes almost too much to resist. If I am to stay it might prove embarrassing for you." She finished looking at her friend for a reaction. Katie knew how difficult it must have been for Jane to tell her all this and found that her feelings for Jane were full of concern and care. She drew Jane to her breast, hugging her. "Look," she said, "I will help if you need the loo or anything I will go with you, I am not in the least concerned. When you think of some of the things, we have done together in the past– don't worry!" There were tears in Jane's eyes as she said "Mum said that is how you would react when I told you– and now that champagne has run right through me so will come with me to the toilet now please?" Once in the bathroom Jane stood in front of the toilet bowel holding up her skirt as Katie undid the tight garment, and slid it down Jane's lovely legs. The panties were so restrictive she had to take them right off. Then as Jane sat and let go her stream Katie glanced in the gusset of the panties in her hand and could not help noticing the tell tale marks of arousal. "I thought you where supposed to abstain?" Jane blushed. "I know," she sighed "but it is as the doctor said and I cannot resist rubbing myself sometimes. I did today in the car just to alleviate it, but I did not go all the way, you know!" Katie knew but as she looked at her friend sitting on the toilet she realised that she might have taken on more than she could handle. Particularly when Jane stood with her legs apart saying, "You had better wipe me. I don't trust myself." As Katie complied, she felt she knew how Jane felt. In fact when Jane left to go downstairs, she took Jane's place on the toilet to pee. She could not resist putting her hand and fingers on her shaven vagina between her legs, strumming herself so that when her wriggling legs and bottom announced her climax she peed noisily in to the bowl, pictures of Jane aflame in her mind. Later Katie suggested they walk through the woods to the village pub. Jane readily agreed but got a reproving look from her mum, "don't worry Mum, I will be all right." Jane inclined her head in Katie's direction. Her mum nodded understandingly "you have plenty of time– enjoy yourselves." The girls departed and as they walked along the footpath, Jane observed "I shall probably need your assistance from time to time." Katie took her friend's hand comfortingly. "Don't worry, we nearly always go together anyway, no one will think anything." Jane looked reassured, so laughing and chattering they made their way to the village pub. The village pub was an oak beamed, flagstone floor affair, with a large open fireplace, having cosy inglenook seats. Jane sat while Katie went to the bar returning with two pint glasses of lager. Jane looked uncertain. Katie, noting it, reassured her "I will be close all the time." Soon the girls were making up for lost time, exchanging news and experiences. They were on their third pint, when some lads came in; one of them came over and greeted Katie. She introduced Jane to Alan, who was quite a hunk. They chatted for a while before he returned to his group. "How did you get to know him know him?" Katie was inflamed a bit with all the drink. "We had a bit of a thing for a while." Jane pressed her for details. Soon the lurid account was being told with nothing left out including sexual incidents, phrases like "then he put his hand up my skirt," and "Oh! You should see the size of his cock! I came so hard I nearly pissed myself." Jane interrupted "speaking of which I need to go now." Katie stood and followed Jane to the loo. "Oh dear I hope I haven't got you feeling all randy" as once in the toilet she removed Jane's panties, and again noting the white discharge in her friend's panty crotch, and watching the strong jet off pee gushing from between Jane's pussy lips. "Got me feeling randy, "Jane gasped, "Why, just pissing is nearly making me come!" Jane wriggled on the seat as suddenly her thighs snapped tighter. Katie watched, excited beyond bounds. "You are cumming aren't you?" Jane's contorted face gave the answer. Realising her friend must be desperate to use her hands, Katie, aroused pulled aside her own panties and sat on Jane's lap, facing her so that when she released the bursting contents of her own bladder it hissed a powerful jet on to Jane's clit. As they were kissing, holding each other breasts, their combined streams served to bring about Jane's climax. Jane relieved, brought her hand round to start rubbing Katie's shaven cunt till she had Katie writhing on her fingers with her legs shaking and her heels drumming on the floor as she came, clamping her meaty thighs round Jane. The sound of their combined piss hitting the pan reduced to a trickle, then ceased. They both stood shakily. Katie who had soaked the gusset of her own panties said softly "I better wipe you, we don't want you getting carried away" and proceeded to wipe Jane's cunt teasingly. "Don't" Jane murmured "you will start me off again, once I have come the first time I always want a second one, go on doing it." Katie, aroused again by the wetness between her legs was sorely tempted. But Katie, fearful of what she had unleashed, drew back. "We don't want to make it longer before you totally recover do we?" Jane sighed, "it's so horrid to be so frustrated but let's go back and no more sex talk, and then I might regain control. So they returned to two more pints of lager, and tried to keep the conversation light. But the atmosphere was sexually charged and the presence of Alan, who Jane was eyeing up and down all night, did not help. So it was not at all surprising that on the way home, when both girls had to pee again and Katie found it difficult to undo Jane's panties in the dark, that again things got a little out of hand so to speak. 
Undine