Cruel School - Part 1: - "Mrs. Belenash"
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Sophia

The bell rang and I approached my next class with hesitation. I could feel my bladder pressing against my tight skirt. I wish my mentor had let me use the restroom this morning, but he enrolled me here for a reason. I walked into the class room stiffly being careful with my steps. I sat down and tried to find a comfortable position, but it's hard when your skirt is two sizes to small and creasing in just below your abdomen. I sat down and my skirt rode into my aching bladder and got my note book out.

"Students, today we have a special extended class. We'll have the pleasure of hearing out a speech prepared by our own Mrs. Belenash, who can retain her composure for well over 24 hours! So get ready to take notes!"

My heart dropped. 4 hours! My mind yelped silently. I felt my pussy get immediately moist and swollen at the idea of having to hold it that much longer.

She walked in and I could tell she was already full too. There was an obvious bulge just below her tummy, tucked neatly into a lavender pair of slacks and a black silk blouse. Her breasts where pert and her nipples where hard. I never look at women like this! But, she was very beautiful. Waves of golden curls draped over her shoulders as her heels clicked firmly against the tile floor.

"Good morning students!" She smiled looking as if she didn't have to pee at all! I had almost forgotten how bad I had to pee I was so drawn to her. Her beauty and her bladder where absolutely captivating! The class greeted her with an eager hello.

"Today we are going to test our limits. You all have an advantage over me, for, I have not yet had my first pee of the day! Anyone else in here holding it since last night?" Me and a few others hesitantly held up their hands. "Ok that's good!! I'm proud of you for taking the next step in complete composure. Those of you who have not used the restroom yet please move to the desks in the front of the class."

About 5 of us moved forward. I was very good about not letting my fullness show, and I could tell she took notice to that, considering the other 3 girls and 1 guy where either blushing or taking very small steps.

"Ok, I am going to pass out 2 16 oz. bottles of water to every student. I guaranty you will all finish both of them within the next 3 hours."

I closed my eyes for a moment in both fear and excitement. I accepted the two bottles and sat with my hands folded neatly on my desk. Trying my best not to show my predicament.

She asked a few questions and had us finishing the first bottle in no time. I felt my legs wanting to bounce around like rubber bands as mild almost electric feeling chills ran through my body from my full bladder. But, I resisted and felt proud as I watched the other 5 desperate classmates slowly fail. One girl was already wincing and grinding her teeth even though only an hour and a half had passed. I could tell she wasn't going to make it.

Mrs. Belenash of course took notice of that and asked her to stand in front of the class. "Ok, class do you see this young ladies problem?"

A guy in the back raised his hand. "Yes, go ahead." she called on him.

"Yeah she has to pee!"

Some people in the class snickered. I smiled, I must admit it was a little amusing and arousing to se her pressing her knees together trying to stay standing up.

"No, class. Having to pee is never a problem! It is a natural occurrence! We need to have control over our bodies. The problem here is that she is accepting the pain." She comforted the poor girl and started gently rubbing her shoulders.

The girl closed her eyes as her cheeks turned a rose pink colour. "Try this, stand straight first of all, imagine you where on a bus and you didn't want everyone knowing you have the urge to pee." The girl bit her lip and struggled against her instinct, forcing herself to straighten out.

"Ok good!! See it's not so hard! Now, I want you to picture you best sexual fantasy, only, add the fact that you need to pee to it, close your eyes and allow your self to become aroused. Stop focusing on the urge to pee." The girls mouth almost seemed to water as it gaped slightly open and her facial expression changed to a blank, near bliss glazed over gaze. She let out a deep sigh and let her eyes open just slightly, letting out an almost silent moan.

"There you go... Doesn't that feel better? You see class this is a perfect example of gaining composure. It really isn't hard at all! You don't NEED to bounce around all over the place just because your body has a natural reaction to it's fluid intake. You need to just accept your fullness and let it happen!" The girl smiled and ran her hands down her sides slowly. One wouldn't really be able to tell she had to pee but they could tell she was aroused for sure, her rosy hue and her slow movements gave it away. "Now, if you feel comfortable with it, would you like to explain your fantasy? Since it paid off so well in hiding your desperation?"

The girls eyes perked up in a slightly embarrassed manner, she agreed though. "Well I... I actually was imagining getting detention and more water and being forced to hold it even longer. I mean, I know that is unrealistic but... The idea is arousing, it hurts, but I do also like the feeling."

Mrs. Belenash smiled at the girl and gently ran her hand across her back, comforting her once again. "Ok well, I'll tell you what, if you can make it the class, you and I can have a one on one session afterwards and I will help you live that out! You may be seated." The girls mouth opened as she sat back down in her seat looking rather dumbfounded.

I was so glad I was able to keep my self from bouncing around and twitching! I sat through the class, sipping the second bottle of water as Mrs. Belenash told us stories about her own experiences and how she trained her self to only need to use the rest room once a day. Even gave us tips on holding in our number one if a number two should need to occur!

I was taking plenty of notes, the class was actually far more informative that I had ever imagined possible. I was so glad my mentor has enrolled me!

There was a half an hour to go when I heard splashing on the floor beside me. I looked over in shock as the girl Mrs. Belenash had comforted so, completely lost it all over her pants and chair, AND the tile! The entire class stirred in intrigue as we all leaned in closer for a better look. Tears streamed down her face as she apologised to Mrs. Belenash for her accident.

"I...I..I just couldn't hold it in anymore!!! I felt my bladder pulse as I listed to her pee dripping onto the floor, as if my bladder knew what had just happened and was trying to follow suit. I looked away and stared at the clock. 25 more minutes to go, I said to my self. When I turned back around I saw Mrs. Belenash staring directly at me. I diverted my glance trying not to draw attention to my self little did I notice my left foot tightly curled around my right ankle... Ooops.

Mrs. Belenash winked at me and put her attention back to the wet girl. "Ok, stand up. The blushing watery-eyed girl stood humiliated in front of the class, more came out even as she walked. She looked ashamed at the large puddle around the chair that was slowly expanding.

"It's ok that accidents happen once in a while, in fact it is a good sign that you have restrained your self as much as possible. Everyone needs to keep pushing their limits. I can wait 24 hours but I have waited longer before, when I needed to. Needless to say I have had my fair share of accidents! This is nothing to be embarrassed about, you need to be proud of your self for staying in control as long as you could and not just giving up! You may be excused now to get some towels and clean up your mess, we do after all need to be responsible for our accidents!" she said, with joy.

She lectured on as she walked towards the suitcase of waters she had brought. She walked around with one in her hand for a while. I kept waiting for her to open it and drink. Everyone else had to drink two but she hadn't had any yet! I didn't notice my self playing with my hair, as I drifted off into I have to pee land. All I could think about was my full bladder and that clock, tormenting me... 20, 19, 18, 17, 16... 15 more minutes.

I snapped out of it when a fast sound and jolt hit my desk. "What did I just say! Right now! 2 seconds ago! Mrs. Belenash demanded slamming the bottle of water down on my desk. Adrenaline coursed through my body in one quick shot as I realised I had no idea what she had just mentioned. I cursed that clock, and then my bladder. "I, umm, I don't... remember?"

Mrs. Belenash laughed. "I knew it!, Stand up please, and turn to your side."

Puzzled I stood and turned towards the windows. "Wow, Mrs. Belenash exclaimed. Class, we have a pro in training here look at this!"

She lifted my shirt slightly and pulled my skirt back tighter from behind. Showing the class my distended bulging bladder. I looked pregnant almost with all of the pee I was holding in. She slowly ran her hand over it gently pressing sending one sharp massive chill up my spine and shooting out my limbs. I winced and lurched over slightly at her first touch.

"Shhh, keep standing, you should be very proud of this, yours is as big as mine!" She said almost sounding envious, she unbuttoned her pants and curled down the front exposing her massive bulge. "Feel it, and then feel yours."

At first I only slightly pressed, to my surprise she didn't wince but instead slowly leaned her head backwards and smiled letting out a slight moan of pleasure. "Yes, now, feel yours but do not focus on the pain, feel the sensation and let it course through you."

I gulped and closed my eyes running my hand firmly over my own bladder, allowing the electric pangs shoot out. My clit swelled as I felt my moisture seep out from within. I bit my lip and also moaned. My eyes still closed I felt a hand slowly creep down my pants. "It's ok." Mrs. Belenash reassured me as she parted my wet lips with one finger, rubbing against my pee-hole first and sliding her finger inside of me. "Mmmm"

We both moaned at the same time. She pulled her hand out, revealing my wetness to the entire class. Normally I would have been so humiliated but it felt so good, that I didn't even care! The bell rang to my surprise as Mrs. Belenash pulled me aside.

"I have a bit of homework for you..." She said slyly looking deep into my eyes. I grinned and agreed. "I want you to try to wait until 3 hours before you go to bed before you pee, or let any out."

My blood boiled at the idea... "I don't know if I can hold out for that long!" I pleaded. "I have faith in you, I'll be waiting too, just know that." I smiled and agreed to at least try.

Looks like it's going to be a long day.

