Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, and Masturbation
I take the dress off the hanger and brush my hand across the smooth, shimmering ruby–red fabric. The anticipation already sends little sparks of pleasure through my mind and body. I feel the tips of my nipples harden slightly and a warm sensation passes over my breasts and between my thighs. Stepping into the dress and slowly pulling it up and over my legs, watching in the mirror as it climbs over my thighs and hips. The sheer light tan tights and white satin high–leg briefs I've chosen are slowly covered by the sheer red body of my outfit and I finish running the dress over my bare chest, already cupping and gathering my breasts up and forward. Slipping the straps along my arms to rest against my shoulders I think again about how this dress just seems made perfectly for me, curving over the contours of my body from just below the tops of my breasts to a few inches past my knees. Bending to pull on my strappy heels the fabric gently stretches and slides against my skin and gives me little shivers of excitement. This evening is going to blow my mind!
It's a fantastic party and I'm just a little unsteady on my feet as I drop myself into the taxi. I've been holding it for the last hour and I can feel my filling bladder pressing at the base of my stomach. A little bulge against the waistline of my dress as I settle into the seat is the only clue as to what I've got planned for the rest of my night. The little vibrations and movement of the car make me smile to myself as the tingling through my lower body increases. I put my hands over my lap and push against the top of my crotch for some much–needed relief.
I get the taxi to drop me off about a 15–minute walk from the house. My need to go has been steadily increasing and I'm pressing my thighs together as I swing my legs around and step out of the car. Standing up I smooth the wrinkles of silky material across the front of my legs and flex my knees ever so slightly. Tingling warmth is starting to pulse through my crotch. I'm hoping that I've timed myself just right, but I now really do need to pee! I have to rock my legs back and forth just a little as I pay the taxi guy to slow the pulses along my urethra.
My bag is hanging loosely from my shoulder and swinging by my waist. My heels click against the pavement in a slightly uneven rhythm as I keep the inside of my thighs clamped tightly together. The strongest urge to release the building flood comes over me and I press my hand through my dress and over my aching labia. I can feel the line of my knickers under my fingers and my nipples start to form little dimples on the smooth curves of material. There aren't too many streetlights in my part of town and it is just the moonlight, which is making little shimmering and sparkling patterns appear across my clothes.
I stop and jiggle up and down on the spot for a few seconds. I'm really bursting now and bite against my bottom lip as I fight to keep what must be a gallon of piss inside me. I've still got a ten–minute walk and want to get a fair bit closer to home before I'm soaking wet! I'm pressing up and between my legs as I walk and literally aching with the need and anticipation. Another strong wave of desperation shoots through me and I actually let out a gasp of breath and hold myself really, really tight. Even at this time in the morning I start getting a bit worked–up about meeting someone or being watched through a window so I make a massive effort to pull my sphincter muscle tight beneath my briefs and tug my knickers and tights up between the lips of my vagina to rest against the dampening space inside of me.
The effort of walking quickly and battling my bladder is making me start to shake slightly and I'm wiggling my hips more and more as I get just a little bit closer to home. I start to whisper under my breath – anything to distract myself really– "Got to pee! Oh crap, I NEED the loo!" A sudden pulse of desperation comes over me and I release a little gasping, squeaking sound and start a secret pee–dance in the road. There is an extra feeling of wetness against my pants – a few drips have made it past my clenched muscles. The next pulse forces me to curtsy and grab around my crotch as another rush seems to make my bladder drop even closer to the opening between my legs. Another trickle escapes and runs between the gusset of my briefs and my prickling skin. I stand there shaking and breathing hard, then try to take a few more gentle, shuffling steps into the little street where I live. The warmth throughout my body peaks at my nipples and all around the roots of my bush. Wherever my dress is clinging to my body feels like the gentle strokes and touches of a lover. Stepping into the shadow of the wall beside me I'm whispering to myself, "Just hold it, Jen. Any second now!" I can feel another trickle run between my throbbing labia and a sensation like a drip of liquid moves down my clit. I groan again – louder than I mean to this time! I push desperately against myself, forcing a handful of my dress under my crotch. The tightening of the material against my hips and the desperate, desperate need to wee makes me moan with a mixture of pain and pleasure. A definite trickle becomes a light flow – I'm wetting myself in the street!
I bend my knees with my dress still gathered around my legs but nothing will stop my pee now, continuing to flow into my knickers and around the base of my bum. A few trickles are starting to slip around the seams of my briefs and snake down my tights. Another squeeze of my muscles in a final attempt to stop the inevitable makes my bladder spasm painfully and a few teardrops sit in the corners of my eyes as little ripples along my urethra make squirts of urine shoot against the front of my pants. Trying to straighten up from my half–squatting position starts a steady stream of piss flooding through my knickers and starts to wet through the bundle of dress fabric clenched in my fist. Pee is pooling around my crotch and bum cheeks and begins rolling down the inside and backs of my thighs, spreading across my tights and making my lower body tingle with excitement. My hand is getting wetter and there's a gentle hiss of my wee against my underwear. The darkening patch at the front of my dress is growing quickly and glistening lines of piss start to streak along the wrinkles of the fabric down to the hemline. The same feeling on the backs of my legs makes me realize the same thing is starting around the back side of my clothes and a second, splattering stream makes it through my now saturated crotch onto the pavement between my feet. I remove my hand and brush my dress smooth against my wet thighs. "Oh!" I gasp. "I had to go so badly!"
The patch that spreads out from the center of my legs just keeps expanding outwards in a huge, dark oval and the reflection of the moonlight on both the wet and (increasingly small!) dry areas makes my accident really, really obvious! As if I care now – breathing in short, panting gasps and fighting the urge to start rubbing my palm against my crotch. I start to walk towards my front door as pee finds its way along my feet and starts to leak from my shoes. I flick my hair behind my head and look over my shoulder at the trail of little splatter marks I'm making, leading away from what looks like a pretty big puddle of desperate piss in the middle of the pavement. Pee is still continuing to run down my legs in what feels like wide sheets and the soaking line of the gussets of my knickers and tights rubbing against my throbbing PC muscle is fuelling my arousal.
I get to the front door, but urine is still flowing out and between my legs and the front of my dress is now almost totally dark to the outsides of my thighs. A constant line of drips is forming along the hemlines at the front and back and hitting the doorstep in a steady patter. The flow is slowly tapering off and the muted hissing from my crotch slowly fades. "I've been naughty! I've wet myself!" I moan quietly. I take a huge gasp of air and feel light–headed, leaning against the door as I fumble in my handbag for my keys. I let the door swing open into the dark hallway and pick up each leg in turn, bending my knees and reaching down behind myself to pull my shoes off. The feel of warm, wet fabric rubbing my skin and the soggy squelching of my feet pushing against my tights and the cold surface of the doorstep makes me wince with pleasure. I need to get upstairs!
I shut the door and skip up the stairs and through to my bedroom. In front of the mirror again I shrug the straps of my dress down my arms and slowly slide the body downwards, allowing my boobs to gently fall out above my ribs. My reflection is grinning wickedly back at me as I slowly gyrate my hips and let the bundle of red material slip along my legs and rest in a heap at my feet. I step away from the mirror a couple of paces and quickly pull my tights down and kick them away into the corner, watching little droplets of my pee scatter across the floor. My eyes are shining. "You're a dirty, dirty girl, Jen! Wetting your favorite dress like a little baby!" Oh God, I'm so excited! I can feel warm sensations running through my body in every direction. My nipples seem to glow a deep reddish–pink, pushing out from my tingling breasts. I keep adjusting my briefs; pulling the leg and waist elastic away from my skin and admiring the damp arc that spreads almost entirely up the front of my smooth, silky pants. I can see the shadow of my bush and the pattern made by my swollen labia where it has been tightly pushing against the double layer of my gusset. Smoothing–out the triangle of fabric between my legs sends new pulses and tingles through my insides and my clit is just screaming to be touched! I reach behind my bum and gently cup my hands against each cheek – there is barely an inch of fabric that doesn't feel wet under my fingers and I moan again from the excitement of the situation.
Picking up my dress by the straps I let it fall out into shape and admire the huge patch of pee, which now covers most of the front from the waist down. I bring the pee–stain up towards my face and breathe–in the strong, musky scent in the air. Turning the dress round to look at the back I can make out the two dark semi–circles where the pee has gathered around my bum and another long stain spreading down to the hem.
I just can't wait to bring myself off any longer and leap onto my bed, giggling to myself and rubbing my legs against the sheets to settle–in and get comfy. I lie back against the pillow with my legs spread and gasp as I slide my hand down the front of my pants and gently tickle around the center of my soggy mound. The wetness against the back of my hand is making my scalp tingle – I'm so ready to rub myself into orgasm! I bring two fingers across the narrowing gap between my legs and gently run them over my bulging lips. My other hand moves across my left breast and I can't stop myself from crying out, "Aahh... It's so good," and continue to make little sounds of pleasure as I gently ease into myself to explore the passage behind. A new, fragrant wetness starts to form on my fingers. "HMmmMm!" – I've just brushed against my clit!
I slowly bring my hand away and rock back on my hips. Drawing my legs up straight into a "V" I put my fingers around the waist–band of my knickers and move the damp slip of material slowly up my thighs, round my knees and along my calves – a warm glow following along my muscles behind them. Taking them in my left hand I'm starting to rub them over my body, breathing in short gasps and sighing as they pass over my neck, then breasts – letting them twist against my rock–hard nipples. Bringing them down the center of my rib cage and then around the insides of my thighs and crotch. I'm slowly moving back and forth against the bed and nearly scream as I once again pass my fingers inside and rub the moistening space deep within me. I probe further, sliding up and down the little folds and ridges, and my cries seem to become more muted as I slip into the trance of climax. My body twitches to the rhythm of my strokes and I keep falling, falling as a warm spurt shoots against my fingers and trickles down the base of my crotch. I jolt my hips forwards as another quick jet fires out. And again– I'm bursting out of myself – moving, moaning, crying – and then everything begins to slow and the room swims back into focus. My body surges with euphoria. Every touch of skin on skin sends an electric charge straight through my brain. I'm speaking in a breathless whisper, "So good! So good!" I'm floating and feel more ripples of muscle from far inside. Another flow of wetness, a long steady stream this time, starts to leave my pulsing slit and soaks into the sheet around me and beneath me...
Hope you've enjoyed my greatest fantasy! If I ever go through with it in reality you guys will be the first to hear about it (unless I'm spotted – gasp!). Stay wet for me!
By: Jen