Jennifer sat in her room, flicking through the channels on her 50–inch television. This was a very warm spring day, so she was reclined in her lazy–boy, quickly sipping lemonade from the large mug in front of her. Her air conditioner was broken, so naturally the lemonade was her means of cooling off. After about an hour, Jennifer had drank the entire pitcher of lemonade. She was finally cool, but she still couldn't find anything to watch on TV.
The breeze was beginning to pick up, so Jennifer decided not to make another pitcher of lemonade. In fact, she had decided that she would use her new charge card at the mall. She put the pitcher back into the kitchen, and was about to go to her room to change into something more suitable for her conservative taste. The tight shorts and the belly top she wore were just not going to work.
Just as she was on her way upstairs she locked the door and was about to close it, but she heard a sound at her mailbox. She was expecting a letter from her mother about something very important. She ran outside and looked to see what had arrived in the mailbox. No letter. As she approached her porch, the breeze slammed her door shut.
"Damnit!!!" she said out loud because she knew that she left her keys in the house. "I will just have to try to climb into an open window." She walked around to the back of the house so that it wouldn't be obvious that she was locked out. She saw that the window in the kitchen was open, but it was too high for her to jump into. While Jennifer was looking for something to stand on, she realized that the pitcher of lemonade had caught up with her. At the rate she had drank it, it wanted out– and quickly.
She danced around and she found a lawn chair that she had happened to leave outside. As she walked over to it, she felt a tremendous pressure in her bladder. She hurriedly grabbed the chair and ran over to the window. She stood on the chair, but just as she lifted one leg, she heard the chair crack as if it would give way. This scared her, and a trickle of piss ran into her panties. She quickly shoved her hand into her crotch and regained control.
"Damnit, this would happen when I need to get in the house." she mumbled. She tried to raise her leg again, but this time the chair totally broke. Jennifer fell right along with the chair. She quickly rushed to her feet, realizing that she was peeing full force into her tight shorts and panties. As she was slowly gaining control of her bladder, the neighbor's automatic sprinkler system cut on. This was too much and now Jennifer couldn't gain control of her bladder.
Piss was shooting from between her legs and running into her shoes. She desperately tried to yank down her shorts, but she was so shocked that she was pissing her pants; all she could do was fumble with the fly. Jennifer was totally soaking her shorts. She began crying as she pissed even harder into her skin–tight shorts. Jennifer pissed for almost 40 seconds. When she was done, her shorts were soaking wet.
Brianna