She had been on her back, legs up in the air for what seemed like a half hour – and this accursed foreigner continued to pound away with his magic stick into her most precious places without a sign of release. Her bladder felt the size of a watermelon and the constant pressure was bringing her to the edge of disgrace. All her training was useless in a situation like this, and she knew she was but seconds away from ruining her entire career.
The evening had started out innocently enough; in fact she had been looking forward to it. She had been commissioned by Gaijin Inc. to provide hospitality to this uncouth Westerner for the evening and had all manner of tricks of the trade planned to excite his foreign appetite. As someone trained in the arts of pleasure since an early age she had the entire evening and following day mapped out. Usually this was an easy assignment as they would accept anything as "Oriental" custom and were extremely easy to please.
Plus, they had the added benefit of being better endowed than her average customer, which presented some interesting challenges.
Steve knew that he had it made. He'd just signed a huge multi–million dollar transaction with Gaijin Technologies to supply them with next generation software for their financial systems. As icing on the cake the chairman had offered him the services of an apparently high–class companion for the next 24 hours. This girl, Kiko, was breathtakingly gorgeous, with a stunning curvaceous figure, a winning smile and a good grasp of the English language. The evening had started in ceremonial style with a mineral bath and the consumption of vast amounts of rice wine. He'd noticed that Kiko had measured her consumption carefully, so he offered her the chance to drink plenty of ice water in addition to the Sake wine.
Kiko was instantly attracted to this Western barbarian. Unlike all her previous experiences he was truly humble and appreciative of the culture in which he was living. He wasn't plying her with wine trying to get her drunk and he seemed genuinely interested in learning more about her tradecraft and culture. Maybe this evening wasn't going to be too bad after all. Even during the ceremonial mineral bath he restrained himself, and although visibly aroused, didn't grab and maul her, but gently caressed her.
Steve realized that Kiko had underestimated his knowledge of local culture and decided he would use this fact to his advantage. During dinner he very carefully loaded her up on some wine and several large glasses of ice water, and made sure he provided no opportunity for her to excuse herself and freshen up. He figured by this point she must be bursting to pee but was far too ladylike to mention it. After tea was served, Kiko tried to get into the kitchen to refresh the pot but Steve instead sat her on his lap and massaged her shoulders – talk about a role reversal.
Kiko was in a deep dilemma, her predicament being an overfull bladder that was being strained by every extra minute she was unable to visit the bathroom. Every time she tried to excuse herself she was unable to do so. Now she was sitting on Steve's lap, his excitement visibly swelling under her, with no chance of emptying herself. Her training prevented her from acknowledging her bodily needs, so she just squeezed her muscles as tight as she could and hoped for a chance to void herself. The pressure was becoming intense and she carefully tried shifting her weight from buttock to buttock for relief, but nothing seemed to help. In fact her constant movement and thigh squeezing was causing her customer to become incredibly aroused. She could feel his manhood pressing against her, trying to separate her legs.
Judging by the squirming motions of the girl on his lap, Steve knew she was becoming desperate to empty herself. Being naked himself, he was fully erect yet trapped flat between Kiko's thighs. Her constant fidgeting was exciting him even more; yet he knew that he had to hold on to see what happened with this gorgeous girl. Several times he was sure she would just get up and pee as any Western girl would, yet she continued to sit on his lap and suffer quietly.
Kiko decided that maybe she could relieve the pressure by putting him inside her and forcing him to a rapid sexual release. She lifted herself up and impaled herself upon his lovestick, which only made the situation worse. His size stretched everything, and now she felt the pressure from both inside and outside. A little spasm overtook her, and she barely managed to contain herself from gushing all over this Westerner's lap. He then moved his hands from her waist to about six inches lower and was holding her tightly.
Steve could actually feel the hardness of Kiko's stretched bladder, and knew she was probably only a minute away from involuntarily wetting herself. The thought excited him even more, and he flipped Kiko onto her back, pulled her legs straight up into the air and watched himself slide back and forth into her love hole. Much as he just wanted to let go and explode within her he held on and started to press up and down on her while trying not to move in and out. One of them was going to explode soon, and it wasn't going to be him, he fully intended to savor the moment and enjoy the view.
Kiko could feel her pee starting to flow down towards release. She contracted her thigh muscles as tightly as she could, which just caused the foreigner to hit her bladder even harder. She was actually starting to sweat from the muscular exertion of holding her piss at bay and the muscles in her stomach and thighs were trembling as if on the verge of exhaustion. Despite all her training her physical needs got the best of her and she cried out for Steve to stop so she could run to the bathroom. It was too late; as she felt her muscles give way and Kiko prepared for the disgraceful act of urinating upon one of her clients.
Steve sensed Kiko's muscles contracting around him and realized that the end was near. She cried out in her own language while trying to push him away and then he felt a surge of hot wetness against the base of his penis, flowing around the outside of his testicles and then gushing onto the bed. He pulled back so that he was only an inch or two inside her and watched mesmerized as a gigantic jet of clear–water pee surged out of Kiko and splashed against his lower stomach. He continued to move in and out of her as the gusher spurted and strengthened, spurted and strengthened in rhythm with his thrusting. He finally found his release and spasmed violently inside her, as all the while she poured her pee all over him.
Understanding that she had no way out, Kiko gave way to her inner feelings and just totally relaxed all her muscles and her cultural inhibitions. Her warm water flowed out of her like a sparkling spring stream – and instead of recoiling in disgust Steve was pulling back and watching her bladder void itself. She felt confused and relieved, and suddenly understood that all the small muscles spasms she had been experiencing were a precursor to a more powerful release. As she pushed out the last drops of her golden nectar she shuddered and experienced her first true orgasm with a client.
Steve was expecting Kiko to push him away and burst into tears. Instead he noticed a dreamy look come over her face and then felt her body embrace him in a genuine climax. Kiko gasped, hugging and kissing him with such passion that he was totally amazed. He reached over to the bamboo table besides the bed, picked up the container of ice water and handed it to her. Sitting up as best she could she downed the entire glass, smiled as demurely as she could, and said "Again?"
Gail