I was told to go to the toilet before we left, but I didn't.When we got to the park, I was asked to look after my younger sisters. I was wearing black knickers, a blue skirt down to my knees, and a white T–shirt. After a while, I began to feel the need to pee. I ignored it, and I continued to watch my sisters. My family said they were going home for an hour, leaving me on my own with them, a responsibility thing they said. After a short while, I really needed to pee. I crossed my legs, which helped, but it couldn't hold for long. I could feel the pressure on my bladder; it was sort of a dead weight. This didn't help too much, because it seemed to sink down. I knew where the toilets were; it was just that I couldn't leave them alone. After a while, it became harder to hold, so I stood up to get a little pressure off my bladder. It helped, but again, the pressure hit me, and I was forced to sit again with my hands in between my crotch. I noticed a few people were looking at me, so I let go for a minute, fearing people might think that I had a problem. I had to make up an excuse to my sisters if I was going to go to the toilet. After about 10 minutes, it was becoming unbearable. So I asked them to come with me to get an ice cream. Total lie, but was else could I do? They came, and walking 150 meters to the toilet wasn't what my bladder wanted. I was practically pissing myself when we got to the Pavilion. They wanted the ice creams, so we went to the shops first–we didn't pass the toilets. When we went to the shop and back, on the way, I dribbled a little bit. My sisters didn't see, but I knew I couldn't hold on for much longer. When we got to the toilets, they were locked for cleaning! I let go there and then as my bladder filled to the over–the–top limit. My sisters laughed at me, and they went and told my parents when they came back later on. I'm now grounded for two months because of it; you would think at eighteen I am too old for this, but living under my parents' roof, and behaving like a child... All my friends have found out and I'm horrified by it. Thankfully my boyfriend was cool about it, though I can't see him for ages.
Ani–Wee