Pee Where You Sit Ep. 02
	Twins introduce their friends to naughty peeing in a van.
Author: RedHatter76

This one's in third-person, which makes it an oddball, probably because I wrote it before I really decided to turn my stories into a connected series.

----------

After three years, Ashima thought she knew the Nokushima twins pretty well. One of them had been her college roommate for three years now, and she'd heard enough stories from that one all about the other to feel almost like she'd made two fast friends instead of one. They were one of those twin pairs with charmingly divergent personalities that still managed to get along as if they had alot more in common than they actually did. While neither one was a dimwit by any stretch of the imagination, Ashima's dormmate Kara was the more outwardly intellectual.

Her fashion sense was very practical, usually consisting of blue jeans, a white or pastel-colored peasant top, and an open flannel shirt, though in warmer months the jeans would often become denim shorts and the flannel shirt would be abandoned. Kumiko, on the other hand, was much more of a sporty type, often seen in leggings and tank tops hugging her athletic form. Neither of them, however, had any difficulty attracting male attention. Although they were both a bit short overall, their proportions were enviable. Kara was a bit more unassuming about it, despite the fact that their identicality included their well-formed butts and peasant tops do no better than tank tops at obscuring the shape of the twins' equally attractive breasts.

Now, however, Ashima found herself seated next to their three-years-older older sister Hatsu, whom she had just met that day as she, the twins, and two of their closest friends from the dorm next to theirs, Fiona and Theresa, climbed into Hatsu's forest-green van for the long trip back to campus after Thanksgiving break. Fiona and Theresa were both dusty blonde, the latter sporting a pair of glasses but otherwise matching Fiona in her semi-hipster fashion sense.

Neither one had any family within easy traveling distance or enough money for airfare, so both had gratefully accepted the Nokushima family's offer to join them for the holiday. Mr. and Mrs. Nokushima had come to treat Ashima almost as one of their own. Even the blonde newcomers could tell that their regret was sincere when work prevented them from being the ones to drive them back to school.

Hatsu was the one whom Ashima knew the least, but she would soon get much more than she bargained for. It was a seven-hour trip, so the girls had been sure to make plenty of refreshments available. Unfortunately, Hatsu took a different route to the university than Ashima was used to, so her expectations of where all the nearby rest stops would be along the way were shattered. By the time she'd realized that she couldn't time her consumption of food and drink carefully so that her urinary needs always arose within reasonable range of a restroom, it was too late. Her bladder twinged, gently at first, but the urge was quickly escalating.

"Hey, can we stop at the next gas station or something? I gotta pee," she'd said.

Hatsu had promised to be on the lookout but warned regretfully that it would probably be quite a while. Ashima smiled and thanked her, but a half an hour later, she was getting really desperate, with no bathroom in sight. They were on a long rural stretch between urban oases, but oddly enough, there were plenty of other vehicles around them on an otherwise empty landscape. Ashima speculated that, given the time of year, they weren't the only college students returning to campus.

Meanwhile, Kara watched from behind her sister as her friend massaged her crotch and rocked her torso back and forth, occasionally hissing or moaning softly. She looked up into the rearview mirror, caught Hatsu's eye, and nodded in Ashima's direction, a wordless conversation passing between sisters.

"Look, Ashima," Hatsu began, "I'm sorry for not saying anything before, but we just met, and I didn't want to weird you out. But you're clearly miserable, and I'm not sure when the next stop will be." She sent Ashima a sympathetic smile at the involuntary groan that such news elicited. "If you have to pee, I don't mind at all if you just go here on the seat."

"Please, don't tease me," Ashima chortled.

"I'm serious," Hatsu insisted. "A couple of years ago, I was late for an important interview for a fellowship that I really wanted, so I left the house without my morning pee. That turned out to be a big mistake, because by the time I got there, I could hardly hold it in. I just barely arrived in time, but I realized there was no way I'd make it across the parking lot without wetting myself. So I took a gamble, yanked my pants down, and just peed right there on my seat. It was scary, but somehow exhilarating at the same time, and it felt so good!" She half-moaned the last part in reminiscence.

"After the interview, I went on the Internet and found the best cleaning solution I could find, 'cause I wanted to be darn sure it got cleaned up. And the stuff turned out to work like a charm! It only takes a couple of minutes to use, and it does a downright miraculous job of not leaving a trace, even after the seat seems to have dried! I still have a bottle in the glove compartment."

Kumiko piped up. "To make a long story short, she couldn't help but share with us how strangely fun it'd been, to the point that she got the both of us curious. And since then, whenever we've been together in this van, we've basically agreed on a pee-where-you-sit policy. We call it PWYS, which oddly enough, rhymes with 'piss.'"

"Stop it!" Ashima groaned stubbornly before venturing a diagonal backwards glance at Kara only to have realization dawn on her. "You're not kidding, are you?"

"Nope," confirmed Kara. "If you gotta go, just go right here. Trust me, it feels great! I'll never forget my first time!" Kumiko chuckled at the double entendre, but Ashima wasn't laughing.

"Seriously, you look like you're gonna burst!" rejoined Kumiko. "Just pee right here! It wouldn't be the first time that seat's been soaked, and you were none the wiser!"

"Really," Hatsu assured her. "I don't mind at all. Just let it all out. No real damage, I promise."

Ashima emitted a final whine before she finally gave in. "I'm really sorry, Fiona and Terri, but I just can't hold it anymore." She leaned back and lifted her butt off the cushion. "At least not with them tempting me like this." She unfastened her white jeans, tugged them down below her knees and collapsed back into her seat. Still leaning back, she concentrated on overriding years of socially conditioned instinct. Those instincts were easily overpowered by her desperation, and in a mere second, she gasped loudly and started peeing uncontrollably. "Holy crap!" she breathed as the torrent rushed out of her.

Warmth quickly pooled around her genitals and thighs, which only combined with the sweet release of all that pent-up pressure to have her biting her lip and sighing in deep satisfaction. "Thank you," she almost whispered at Hatsu, breathing deeply as she simply kept soaking the cushion. "This feels so much better! Oohh!" She continued peeing without inhibition for a full minute before the flood finally stopped. "Wow, that felt good! I had to go so bad!" She leaned her head back to project her voice. "I hope I didn't gross you guys out, back there! I just had to go!"

"No worries," Fiona called back and pointed a thumb at Theresa. "This one accidentally walked in on me taking a dump once. It was awkward at first, but we ended up laughing about it. It really broke the ice in terms of modesty. It's not like we deliberately invade each other's privacy, but it's not a big deal anymore if accidents happen. Now, we just shrug 'em off."

"And I was never really all that squeamish about bathrooming to begin with," Theresa added. "though the whole PWTS thing is definitely new to me."

"And now that our dirty secret is out and nobody's too weirded out anymore,..." Leaning back, Kara unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, with Kumiko quickly following suit.

"Don't tell me your twin bladders are synchronized!" Ashima exclaimed as the twins pulled their respective pants and panties down to their shins.

Hatsu laughed. "Nah, they're just being lazy. After a few PWYS trips, they figured out that it was even more convenient to have their britches already out of the way whenever they did have to go. They would have dropped 'em pretty much as soon as we got into the van if it had just been the three of us."

"By the way, if you're comfortable enough with us, the PWYS policy applies to you guys too," Hatsu called back at the two blondes. Fiona and Theresa thanked her, a bit nervous but genuinely appreciative.

An hour later, they finally came upon the outskirts of a small town. By this time, Hatsu had been biting her lip for a while. At the first red light, she startled Ashima with a cry of, "Oh, thank God!" She hurried to lower her khakis and panties before the light turned green. Then, as she accelerated, she parted her thighs and began peeing forcefully into the fabric she sat on. "Mm," she intoned without breaking her concentration as she finally emptied her bladder after nearly a whole minute of torrential flow.

Within another hour, it was Kara's turn. She lethargically (and perhaps a bit mischievously) let the pressure build in her bladder for a while until she had just begun to squirm. At the time, she was watching with amusement as Kumiko and Ashima got to know each other by bantering about whether Hermione should've ended up with Harry or Ron. She leaned back contentedly, pulled her legs apart, and released a fierce torrent of pee into her seat without even glancing away from her companions. "Aah!" she exhaled as the pressure depleted and her rapidly growing puddle warmed her groin and inner thighs.

At that point, Kumiko turned to her sister and demanded, "Kara, back me up here!"

"Okay, but can I finish peeing first? It feels too good right now," she replied, accentuating her point by leaning her head back and moaning softly. By the time she was ready to put in her two cents, her seat was thoroughly soaked.

It was about halfway through their journey when Fiona and Theresa were faced with full bladders. They were both intrigued by all the unorthodox peeing that they'd already witnessed and tempted by their own quickly escalating urges, but both were clutching their groins and rocking themselves before Theresa took the plunge first. "Ah, to hell with it!" She half-stood against the back of her seat, unfastened her pants, and pulled them along with her underwear down to her shins. "I'm just gonna pee right here!" She sat back down and moaned as pee immediately started gushing out of her.

Fiona squirmed for a few more seconds and whined enviously before giving up herself. "Why hold it if I don't really have to?" Within seconds, she had lowered her own denim and cotton obstacles and let loose her own fierce stream. "Oh, wow!"

"I know!" breathed Theresa. "It shouldn't feel this good, but it does!" They fell silent as they continued peeing, thoroughly enjoying the sweet release!

"Hey!" teased Kara after hearing a familiar hissing sound from behind her and looking back to confirm her suspicions. "We're twins. If anyone should have synchronized bladders, it's Kumiko and I. Stop that!" She then grinned as the two blondes were too busy indulging themselves in the sensation of utter relief to bother laughing back at her.

"Actually, hearing them piss has tipped me over the edge," Kumiko confessed as she looked up only momentarily from the magazine she was reading before diverging her legs and unleashing her own impressive stream. Kara rolled her eyes as her sister shamelessly kept relieving herself until she had completely drenched her cushion, darkening almost its entire top surface.

Soon after, lunch was served in the form of sandwiches prepared and packed by Mrs. Nokushima, and the on-board cooler was raided once more. Hatsu parked in a supermarket lot so that she could have her meal safely but did so more quickly than the others so that their trip could resume sooner. They had been back on the road for about three hours when Ashima felt the twinge of a filling bladder again.

At first, she hardly noticed, but when it grew into more than a twinge, she started squirming out of habit. Then, she remembered all that had transpired on her journey, and with her shorts and panties still at her ankles, she just drew her legs apart and freely flooded the cushion again. The warmth and relief felt just as good as her first time!

Finally, they were only five minutes away from the dorm when Ashima heard Kara moan, "How does this never get old?" She looked behind her to find both twins leaning back and sighing in satisfaction as they peed openly into their seats, absolutely soaking them once more.
