This story starts off when my friend and I decided to take a trip to a local clothing store. My friend's name was Jenny and my name is Stacy. Anyway, here's the whole story:
I had just gotten up and it was a warm spring day outside. Jenny would be here any minute and because her car was in the shop we were going to take a cab there. I slipped into a short white skirt and some matching white cotton panties, I always like to coordinate. I was surprisingly thirsty, so I drank about three glasses of water and I slipped on a bra and a shirt. then, the doorbell rang, it was Jenny, "Just a sec" I said. I felt a small urge to pee but there was no time, so I ran to the door, grabbed some money, and we left. 
We were almost at the sidewalk when I said, "I thought we were taking a cab." "I don't have enough money, we can take the bus instead," Jenny told me. So we went to the bus stop when I had the urge to pee again, so I thought I would just hold it until we got to the store. The bus arrived and much to my surprise, there were no other passengers so we sat in the back. We were halfway there when I became thirsty again. "Do you have some water?" I asked Jenny. "Sure," she said as she pulled out a liter bottle of water. I drank the whole thing, which was a stupid move since I really needed to pee now.
Fifteen minutes later we got to the store and my pussy was throbbing with piss so I started to walk quickly, since if I ran my bladder would just hurt more. We got to the store and I told Jenny that I was just going to go to the can and I would meet her in the skirts aisle. I ran to the washroom and opened the door, and to my surprise both stall doors said: "out of order." I was so desperate that I pulled up my skirt and stuck my fingers up my skirt to pull my panties aside, so that I could pee in the sink. I felt the warm trickle of pee flowing out of my pussy and heard the dripping of fresh pee in the sink. Then I heard someone coming so I jumped off the sink, with my pussy still dripping with pee I rubbed the pee off on the wall and whipped up my panties. A 19 year old girl walked in, she walked over to the sink and much to my surprise she unzipped her leather pants, pulled down her red thong, and asked me if I could help her onto the sink. Apparently while I was pissing she saw me. So I gave her a boost onto the sink and she started taking a really big piss, she must have been holding it for a while. Then I heard someone coming again and I told the girl that she'd better finish up fast. She got up, not noticing that she was still peeing and she stuck her hand on her pussy to save her pants. After I helped her with her accident a repair woman walked in, and I rushed out.
I still had a throbbing feeling in my pussy and I was getting worse. I walked to the "skirt aisle" as we called it, because we were always wearing skirts when we went there. When I got to the aisle I didn't see Jenny anywhere, so I figured I'd catch up with her later. In the meantime I went to the panty section as I noticed how unusually warm my panties were. I thought it was just because I was standing over a heater but, when I looked down it was just the floor. But then it dawned on me, I put my hand up my skirt and felt my panties, they were a bit moist, that might have been from when I dripped in the bathroom. So, I continued browsing the panties until my pussy started to ache really bad. I started to rub it slowly. I noticed the 19 year old girl again and she was rubbing her pussy too. So I pulled out a pair of panties that looked exactly like mine and walked over to the girl. "I guess you have the same problem as me," I said. "No, it's just that my pussy is aching," she said. So we talked for a bit, but while she was saying something to me, my panties started to become warm again. So I gave her my number and walked away towards the till so I could pay for my panties and get out of there. 
I got into the line but, it was really long, so since nobody was looking I squatted down as if to get a magazine, and felt my panties again, but this time the were swollen so I pressed the crotch and pee started dripping on the floor. I put my hand in my panties and massaged my pussy so it wouldn't leak anymore. Finally I got to the till, and by that time my pussy was throbbing so hard that I dumped the money on the till and ran out of the store. I ran around into a nearby alley and snuck behind a woman starting her car, then I squatted down and peed right there in my panties. And as I was peeing I saw a vibrator lying by a trash can and I was so horny that I grabbed it and, it still had batteries. I shoved the vibrator into the crotch of my panties and pushed the panties and vibrator up my pussy so hard that the pee started spraying on my hands. I moaned as my piss stained panties went further up my pussy until I actually fell over into the grass and then I heard the woman get out of he car to come and investigate. So, I threw the vibrator back into the trash can. The lady turned out to be the 19 year old again, so I go up quickly, changed into the new panties and asked her if she could drive me home. "Sure, but first I have to find my vibrator I accidentally dropped it over by that trash can."
So, after we found it she asked me if I wanted to try it and, I decided another go would be fun, so, she watched me as I had my orgasm right there in the alley.
Jesse