At The Interview
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Adele was looking for work after leaving college. She had applied for some jobs, but was rejected before they got to the interviewing stage. She kept looking in the paper until one day she saw this advert:

YOUNG PERSON REQUIRED TO WORK IN SMALL FACTORY OFFICE. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY.

She looked up the contact address and telephoned the company, who after a few moments, confirmed an interview set for 12noon the following day. She put the phone down and was delighted. She now had to choose which clothes to wear at the interview. She settled on wearing a light, cream-coloured blouse and a light purple knee-length skirt. She then went to prepare for the interview.

The next day came, and Adele had managed to get to the factory, but she was about forty minutes early, so she went to the shop to buy a bottle of mineral water, and drank most of it because she was thirsty. Then she went to sit on a bench in a nearby park to relax a bit…. she was nervous.

She went back to the factory, and told the receptionist that her interview was at twelve. She sat down in the reception area to wait for her name to be called. While she was waiting, she felt she needed to pee. She crossed her legs and tried not to fidget, and hoped she did not have to wait long for the interview. Half an hour later, she was still waiting, but she was getting desperate and started to fidget a little.

“The manager will see you now,” the receptionist called to Adele. She thanked her and went to the manager’s office. They exchanged welcomes and sat down. “What we are looking for is a person who will be doing office duties and generally helping out in the factory,” the manager explained, and talked about what the company does.

Adele at this point was not thinking about the job…. she was trying to hold her pee in. Her legs were crossed tightly and was rocking a bit. After the talk in the office, the manager took her on a tour around the factory. She was getting desperate by the moment, but tried not to show any form of fidgeting. The tour took about half an hour and the pressure on Adele’s bladder was building to the point which would put her on the verge of wetting herself. She found it hard to concentrate on the task of asking questions about the job.

Soon, the interview was over, and Adele and the manager said their goodbyes. She wanted to look for the toilet. She then started to hold herself through her purple skirt in a desperate bid to hold her pee. She forgot to go to the toilet, which was located in the reception area.

She was frantic about where to go, so she went back to the nearby park to find somewhere to go. She soon found an old shed, so she raced to the back of the building, lifted up her skirt, pulled down her panties, and let go a huge gush of warm pee. It came out like a waterfall as she gave out a silent cry of relief. The pain and desperation was worth it though…. she was told that she got the job a few days later.

