'How did it go so wrong,' Gabri–Ann asked herself as she sat in her jail cell on this miserable, half–frozen planet. Since her empathic abilities had developed she sensed she was destined to meet her soul mate, the women she would join with for life, but it never happened. Then she started working for the Paltathion Ministry of Education, only to be arrested for murder. And then she had believed she could postpone her execution indefinitely by giving herself to Cota, but now even that had failed.
Gabri–Ann sensed the jailers were coming with a new prisoner, and she combed her short blond hair and straightened her robe before they entered. The new prisoner was wearing an officer's uniform of the Imperial Paltathion Star Corps, and Gabri–Ann recognized her. She was Xava, the famous Phantom Princess who flew the Phantom Starfighter. She was also a member of the House of d'Sentar, a high–ranking clan with close ties to the Praytor himself. The Praytor was Grand Emperor of the Paltathion Empire and one of the Priesthood's three High Gods.
Then Gabri–Ann realized, slowly, that Xava was the one, the women she was to join with. They introduced themselves and talked for a time, and then Xava asked why she was looking at her so strangely. "I'm sorry. I sense that I know you," she said, telling part of the truth.
Xava stared at her for a long moment "you're a tel–Harta, aren't you?" Gabri–Ann nodded. "The Praytor and Priesthood fear you. They think you have magical telepathic powers that threaten them."
"We do not have magical powers and we can not control anyone. But some of us are empaths who can sense what people are thinking."
"That's reason enough for the Priesthood to hate you," Xava said.
"So why are you here?"
"Disobedience. There were some terrorists in Delphii, and the high command ordered our squadron to destroy the whole city. I refused; I'm happy to fight invaders, but I won't wipe out a whole city just to kill a few terrorists or infidels. I can't do that any more. So why are you here?"
"I'm accused of murdering two High Chancellors at the orphanage on Bator. I'm to be executed tomorrow."
"Did you kill them?"
"Yes." Gabri–Ann waited a minute, "aren't you going to ask why?"
"No," Xava said, "I can imagine what they were doing."
A bond formed as they talked. Xava was about 30, and she was tall and strong with long black hair. Gabri–Ann could tell she also liked the ladies, just as she did. Then Xava asked, "you're keeping something from me."
Gabri–Ann took a deep breath "I know this will sound strange, but a persons soul passes through many lives, and I believe that our souls have been joined many times, and will be joined in our future lives." Gabri–Ann took her hand, "Our souls are joined through all of time, and I have been waiting to meet you all my life."
Xava sat there for a long time. "I do get a strong feeling of deja vu with you," and she kept holding Gabri–Ann's hand.
Xava fidgeted and Gabri–Ann sensed she had a private need she needed to attend to. She pointed to a covered bucket, "That's how we have to do it," she said shyly. Xava considered her options, holding it in even longer or squatting over a bucket where anyone passing by could watch her. As she did this fear swept through Gabri–Ann. "The man who runs this prison, Commandant Cota, is coming. He's a murderer and a rapist, and he will kill you for almost any reason." Gabri–Ann squeezed her hand, "Please, do whatever he asks."
A minute later Cota entered the cell with two guards. "Well well well, what do we have here? The famous Phantom Princess I believe." He walked up to her and ripped her blouse off, exposing her full, firm breasts. Xava wanted to hit him but stopped when the guards pointed their plasma rifles at her. "She doesn't look like a hero now, does she? She just looks like a traitor with big tits. Tie her up." The guards tied her hands to a hook above her head. Then Cota began massaging her breasts, "but they are very nice tits," he taunted.
This was too much for Xava, and she lashed out with a strong kick, but she missed his balls and only hit his thigh. "Why you fucking whore," he said and he punched her in the stomach. Xava gasped, and a large squirt of piss soaked the crotch of her pants. "Will you look at this? The great Phantom Princess has pissed her pants. Well, we can't leave a hero in wet pants," and Cota yanked her pants and underpants down and off, exposing Xava's very thick mound of black pubic hair. This was enough to give Cota a raging hard on, and he took it out.
Gabri–Ann knew what would happen next, and it would not end well for Xava. She quickly opened her robe exposing her own very ample breasts and thick growth of blond pubic hair. "Hey, you said I was your only girl," and she stroked his cock. "Don't you want me one last time?" Cota was not sure whom to do, but when he saw that Xava was spiting up he decided she could wait and he turned to Gabri–Ann.
Cota took off Gabri–Ann's robe, laid her on the bed and proceeded to fuck her. This was not about sex; this was about domination, and he made no effort to please her. And as he thrust into her Gabri–Ann could only look over to Xava and imagine that it was she who was on top of her. When Cota was done he considered doing Xava, but his hard–on was gone. It was also nearing sunset and the temperature was already below freezing. "I'll get you later," he said as he and the guards left.
Gabri–Ann quickly untied Xava. She was very cold and shivering as Gabri–Ann laid her on the bed and gave her a large glass of water. "It's going to be a long night and you need to drink this before everything freezes," and then she also drank a big glass. Gabri–Ann was shivering as she arranged the heavy blankets and got two thick stocking caps. She thought about peeing but decided not to, and she got under the blankets next to Xava. It was a very tight fit and they were both shivering violently, and the two naked women hugged each other tightly to warm up.
After about twenty minutes they began to warm up, and they realized they were also warming up in a different way. Xava tried to move back but the bed was so small and she could only move a little, and their breasts were still touching, "you asked Cota to do to fuck you; why?"
"Because you would have resisted in front of his lackey guards, and then he would have raped you anyway, and then he probably would have killed you." No one had ever sacrificed themself for her before, and Gabri–Ann sensed her shock. "It was not that big a sacrifice. I've been letting Cota do me for over four months. I hoped he would bond with me and let me live."
"Did he?"
"At first. He postponed my execution three times, but no more. He's done with me, and tomorrow he will have me executed," she said sadly. "I had a chance to save you and I took it. It's very important that you not die here." Both women became quiet, and Xava hugged her.
They talked for a long time and enjoyed getting to know each other. Then Xava noticed that they were on a straw bed and asked why. Gabri–Ann smiled shyly, "I knew you would ask. Well, the winter nights are very long, over fifteen hours, and most girls can't make it that long. So when they have to go..."
Xava understood. "They pee in bed? Can't you get up?"
"It's about 30 below and very dark. If you get up you'll freeze in seconds." Then Gabri–Ann added, "I'm not exactly sure how to tell you this, but I didn't pee before I got into bed. I'm going to have to go fairly soon." Xava knew she had the same problem. "When was the last time you peed?" Gabri–Ann asked softly.
"Over twelve hours ago..." Her need was even more urgent than Gabri–Ann's.
"You poor thing," Gabri–Ann said with real sympathy. "It's not so bad, you know, when two girls have to pee like this." Their pussies were pointed right at each other and they knew exactly where each other's piss would go. Gabri–Ann kissed her on the cheek and quickly pressed her pussy into Xava's. It was the first overtly sexual thing she had done, and she prayed Xava would let her continue. "There may be one other thing I have to do...."
But Xava pulled back. "I can't do this. You are sweet and beautiful and I want you, but I can't, not like this. One of the few useful things we learned from the priesthood during Officers Training was how to control our bodies. It's a kind of mental thing, where you separate yourself from your physical needs. That way if you are tortured or something you can control the pain by putting your mind in another place. You ignore your needs."
"Does it work?" Gabri–Ann asked as an urge to pee caused her to stiffen.
"Up to a point. But you haven't had that training and I know you're bursting." Xava stroked her face; "you can pee on me if you want."
Gabri–Ann shook her head; "I can hold it in a little longer." Then she tried to change the subject. "I know you don't believe everything I've told you about us, but we are destined to be joined. And I'm certain it's your fate to do something very important with your life."
Xava nodded, "and what would that be?"
Gabri–Ann took a deep breath and decided to tell her everything. "I think your destiny is to lead a rebellion against the Praytor and overthrow him. He's an evil dictator and millions will follow you." Gabri–Ann looked at her, "I truly believe that is your destiny. You're already moving down that path; that's why it is not your fate to die here."
Xava had only dreamed of leading such a rebellion. "So why didn't we meet until the day before your execution?"
"I don't know," she admitted, "I just don't know why..."
Just then a new urge to pee grew inside Gabri–Ann. She could only hold it back a few seconds, and then a squirt escaped. "I'm starting to leak, I can't hold it in much longer." Xava hugged her as she squirted again into her bottom. Gabri–Ann sensed she liked it, "you like girls wetting themselves?"
Xava didn't want to admit it, but she nodded yes. Being with a beautiful woman desperate to piss was one of her favorite sexual fantasies. And here she was hugging Gabri–Ann as she squirmed and bounced like a little girl, knowing she was about to loose control of this most private need. Xava's own desperation made it even more of a turn on. Xava felt another hot squirt of Gabri–Ann's piss flood against her thighs, and she buried her clit deep into Gabri–Ann's pubic hair, and she brought herself to the very edge before pulling back. She knew it was a little sick, but she just loved it.
Gabri–Ann kissed her on the lips, and she moved her hand to Xava's firm breast. Her nipple was very erect. This had been going on for hours and Xava could not hide her situation, "You're turning me on," she admitted.
And then Xava felt and enormous urge to piss growing within her body. She froze, and her muscles clamped down, and she tried her mental separation. But the urge grew and grew, and she tried desperately to hold it back. "Oh God NO...." and a hard squirt of piss burst out. "I'm sorry," she pleaded, "I am so sorry..."
Gabri–Ann loved it and she kissed her again, "it's OK honey, it's OK."
"No, it is not OK," Xava said miserably. "An officer should control her physical needs." But they were still pressed together, breast to breast and pussy to pussy, and both girls were dying to piss and climax.
Gabri–Ann looked at her. "Look, I've shared this cell with a few other women, and we all had to pee before morning, and most times we wound up masturbating. You just can't be this close for so long and not do it." She let out another squirt, a little sympathy pee to make Xava feel better about having wet herself. "We can pee now," she said as she moved her hand to Xava's firm ass.
Xava shook her head no, and then started bouncing around in desperation.
Gabri–Ann waited for her urge to pass. "Let's make a pact. Whatever we have to do tonight, whatever comes out between our legs; it will be our special secret. I swear, I will never tell anyone."
Xava was beside herself with desperation. Another enormous urge griped her body, "Oh God, I have to piss SO fucking bad..." and she fought back frantically. But Xava's poor cunt just couldn't hold the flood back, not even for another second. And then a huge squirt of piss fired out into Gabri–Ann's crotch, and she kept pissing and pissing, and Xava felt the warmest, most wonderful relief of her life.
Gabri–Ann felt the hot flood pounding against her upper thighs, and it felt so very, very good. She knew her cunt was getting ready to climax, and she threw caution to the wind, and she ground her pussy into Xava's pissing cunt.
Xava somehow managed to stop pissing. "Please don't," she said weakly, but she did not push Gabri–Ann away. And Gabri–Ann sensed she wanted her to continue, so she thrust herself into Xava's cunt again and again.
Xava realized she was almost ready to orgasm. She could feel her clit actually touching Gabri–Ann's hardened clit in their tangled mass of soaking pubic hair. Time seemed to stop, and she felt intense pleasure every time Gabri–Ann thrust herself into her. And then Xava could not stop herself, and she started thrusting back. Then Gabri–Ann lost it, and her body became ridged as she climaxed, and that sent Xava over the edge. Xava just couldn't take it any more, and her poor pussy came again and again.
They stopped and pulled back in shock. Gabri–Ann knew that, no matter what her empathic senses had told her, she had forced herself on Xava. And Xava knew she could have easily stopped her but didn't; she had just let Gabri–Ann do it to her, and then she had even fucked her back. And both girls knew that Xava loved it.
After a few long minutes Xava moved her hand to Gabri–Ann's bush, to her clit. Gabri–Ann clamped her thighs down on her hand and came on Xava's fingers. "Why you fucking nymph."
Gabri–Ann smiled "We both are," and she moved her hand to Xava's crotch and stroked her thick, wet cunt hair, "and we both love wet, hairy girls."
Gabri–Ann was going to masturbate her, but another urge to piss caused Xava to start squirming again, "damm...I still have to go..."
"You keep talking about it and bouncing around," Gabri–Ann taunted. "When are you going to let your cunt do something about it?"
"You are so asking for it. Maybe I should just use your cunt as my very own toilet."
"I love it when you talk dirty," Gabri–Ann said in her sexiest voice.
That was all the encouragement Xava needed. They kissed and thrust their tongues deep into the others mouth, and they pulled in on each other's ass. And then Xava totally surrendered and started pissing like a racehorse, and a wonderful relief swept through her body. The area between their four locked thighs formed a kind of chamber, and Xava was pissing so hard it filled up with her flood, and when it was full Xava's piss was forced upward into the girls' genitals. Their clits were absolutely flooded with Xava's hot yellow piss, and they began to hump their cunts together furiously. Their hardened clits, engulfed in their soaking pubic hair, pounded into each other, and they came to their hardest, most intense orgasm ever. Xava's piss escaped into the straw below, and they came again and again to mind–blowing orgasms. It was the best sex either girl had ever had.
Then they rested, and Gabri–Ann realized her own bladder was in urgent need of relief. "I have to pee too," she whispered. Xava nodded yes, but nothing happened.
Gabri–Ann had to confess first. "I have to tell you something," she said. "I knew you would have to pee in bed, and I wanted to also, so... I might have been able to go before I got into bed," Gabri–Ann looked at her in the dark, "but I wanted to have to piss on you."
"So my beautiful tel–Harta is also a bit of a schemer? That's a good thing. You know I want you to pee on me."
Xava truly was her soul mate. Gabri–Ann was absolutely bursting and she hugged Xava tightly. Peeing on her seemed to be the absolutely right thing to do, and Gabri–Ann let it begin. She felt her pee flowing down through her body and out her pussy, a yellow stream growing stronger and stronger, and she felt so very warm and safe to be peeing into her lover's bottom. Gabri–Ann pissed harder and harder into Xava's crotch, and the cavity between their thighs filled again.
To Xava it felt more wonderful, more erotic than she ever could have imagined, and she became hotter and hotter. Xava pressed herself into Gabri–Ann's pussy again, "So lets see what your lesbian tel–Harta cunt can do."
"I bet it can make your dyke Phantom Warrior cunt cream itself." And then Gabri–Ann began rubbing her pissing cunt right into Xava's clit, and she could feel Xava breathing harder and bucking back into her. And then, to her great satisfaction, she felt Xava's body stiffen and climax uncontrollably just as she herself exploded.
"So how did I do," Gabri–Ann asked as her bladder emptied. They smiled and started kissing and rubbing themselves into each other again. They did it slowly this time, letting their pussies come closer and closer to the edge before pulling back. And then, as if in cue, they ground into each other one last time, and then, no longer constrained by any need to piss, both girls came to a series of massive orgasms.
Xava moved her hand to Gabri–Ann's pussy and slipped two fingers up into her vagina. Xava looked at her, "in our past lives, were we always lesbian lovers?"
"Some of the time," Gabri–Ann smiled, "most of the time," and she moved two of her fingers deep inside Xava's hole. They finger fucked each other very slowly and with many hugs and kisses, for a very long time.
"Let me show you something," Gabri–Ann said as she moved on top of Xava and placed her pussy on her right thigh. And then she pressed her right thigh between Xava's spread legs, right against her sex, and she slid her hand under Xava's ass, and she pumped herself up and down with both girls clits rubbed hard against the others thigh. They both gasped as they felt it coming, and they welcomed it, and they came to another series of intense orgasms.
Gabri–Ann became quiet. When a girl holds her pee in as long as Gabri–Ann did, she usually does not get it all out the first time. "What is it?" Xava asked.
"I have to pee again." Xava smiled, and Gabri–Ann moved directly over Xava, her thick blond pubic hair pressing into Xava's black mass, and then she cut loose and sent a ton of piss right into Xava's privates. And they fucked each other again.
Finally Xava said "my turn," and she carefully rolled herself on top of Gabri–Ann, making sure the blankets stayed in place. Soon she let loose an absolute torrent into Gabri–Ann's snatch. They had sex again, until they both finally had had enough. But they were not ready for sleep, so they just lay together and talked for hour after hour. By the time they did fall asleep, just before dawn, they felt like they had known each other for years.
They woke up in the late morning. It was pleasantly warm and they took off most of the blankets. They had a drink of water, and then they smiled at each other and kissed. Gabri–Ann quickly realized that she needed to pee very badly and squirmed, "I'm about ready to wet myself".
"I have to go too," Xava smiled. "What do you think we should do about it?" she asked as she rubbed herself into Gabri–Ann.
Gabri–Ann looked at her for a long time. "I love you," she whispered, "I really do."
"Me too," and Xava kissed her and thought about the warm bath to come.
Then Gabri–Ann became quiet and started to cry. "I'm sorry, it's just not fair. I spent my whole life waiting for you, and now it's almost over."
"But we will be together in our next life," Xava said, trying to comfort her.
"I know, but I want more time with you in this one". Then Gabri–Ann froze. "Oh my God, they're coming for us now."
A moment later the cell door opened and Commandant Cota and two guards entered. "What do we have here?" he asked as he pulled back the blanket and revealed their naked bodies smelling of urine. He smiled, "don't you know dyke behavior is a crime? Get up." The guards moved them to the door. They were not going to be allowed to dress. Xava resisted, "can we at least clean up?" Cota just smiled and pushed her through the door. That was stupid, Xava realized. They had not been allowed to relieve themselves, and now Cota knew they probably had to pee.
Xava and Gabri–Ann were paraded naked through the prison yard, and some guards began to follow. Cota saw that Gabri–Ann was having trouble walking. They came to some heavy wooden posts used for executions, and their hands were tied behind the posts and their feet to stakes, forcing them to spread their legs and reveal their genitals. Cota noticed Gabri–Ann was now fidgeting.
"We just caught these two in bed having sex," Cota announced to the crowd. "They are a cute couple, aren't they?" he smiled as he inspected them. "They have such nice tits and hairy pussies." He petted Gabri–Ann's pubic mound, "and it seems our slutty tel–Harta also to has to pee rather badly." Cota looked over to Xava, "and I believe the great Phantom Princess of the House of d'Sentar also did not have a chance to take her morning piss."
Cota blew gently into Gabri–Ann's ear, "you can hold it, can't you?" he teased as he licked her ear lobe. By now Gabri–Ann was absolutely frantic, but she kept holding it in with every ounce of her strength. But when Cota blew into her ear once more she lost her concentration, and a squirt escaped. Cota knew he had her, "it looks like this slut can't even hold her piss in."
It was just too much for Gabri–Ann. She was losing everything she had ever hoped for, and on the day of her execution she knew there would be no mercy or dignity. She started to cry. Gabri–Ann knew it was what Cota wanted, but she could not help it; she was female and emotional, and it was all just too much. And as she cried a new squirt escaped, and then another, and then she gave up. Soon a torrent of her piss was flooding out of her spread legs in a thick yellow ribbon that arched out in front of her.
"It's OK Gabri–Ann, just let it out," Xava said, wishing she could hug and comfort her. She also needed to go very badly. And then she realized the one thing she could do to help Gabri–Ann. "Oh God, I have to go too..."
Gabri–Ann stopped crying, "You don't have to do that."
"Yes, I do," and then Xava let herself go, and in a moment a hard stream exploded out of her.
"Thank you," Gabri–Ann said, and then, knowing that no one was looking at their faces, she mouthed 'I love you," and Xava did the same.
Cota looked at them contemptuously, "so here we have our tel–Harta whore and the famous Phantom Princess, but when you strip away all of the breeding and titles and uniforms what you have left are two naked dykes who can't even stop their cunts from pissing in front of you," he taunted. And so Xava and Gabri–Ann pissed, almost defiantly, in front of some twenty guards. Many of the men began to masturbate, and then some of the women discreetly slipped their hands into their pants.
Cota's cock was rock hard and he took it out, and as Xava stopped pissing he moved in front of her. And then he thrust his cock up into her and raped her.
Just as he finished Captain Blada, the prisons second in command, came running to him. "Sir, we just received an urgent message from the Praytor himself. She is to be released."
Everyone looked to Cota. "Cut her down and take her to my office." Then he pointed to Gabri–Ann and said to his guards "you can have her any way you want." This was to be Gabri–Ann's final humiliation.
"Well Xava, it seems you really do have good connections. Captain, get her clothes." Cota said in his office. "You are to be released and are ordered to fly out to the 19th fighter wing on Carpathia. It seems we are being invaded by a new enemy calling themselves the Federations." Xava nodded; she had heard rumors about them. "They launched an unprovoked attacked near Carpathia and wiped over half of the 19th. You are to take command of the 19th and drive them out of the Carpathian sector while inflicting as many causalities as possible." Cota smiled, " sounds like a suicide mission."
Xava knew this was a time for thought, not vengeance. "I will obey my orders," Xava said as she put on her uniform, "and I will say nothing about what you did to me. But I have a request. The women I was with, Gabri–Ann, has unusual empathic abilities that may be very useful when fighting the Federations. I would like you to release her into my custody."
"Sorry. That tel–Harta slut dies today."
Xava tried one more time. "You've had your fun with her for over four months, and we are going on a suicide mission. So I am asking you, respectfully, officer to officer, just give her this one break."
"Do you take me for an idiot? Do you think I don't know why you want that blond piece of ass? The answer is no." Cota pointed his gun at her, "now get your dyke ass out of here before I kill you and say you tried to escape!"
Xava turned to leave, "actually, I'm kind of glad you said that." Then she spun around, grabbed his gun with her left hand and hit him in the face with her right, sending him crashing to the floor. In a split second the gun was pointed at his head. "Drop the rifles or he dies," she yelled at the guards. They obeyed and she took one of their Mark–8 plasma rifles, "now were all going out to the posts." Gabri–Ann was still tied up. A male guard was zipping up, and a female guard had her pants down and was vigorously humped her cunt into Gabri–Ann's.
Xava pointed her rifle at the guards. "Everyone stay cool and no one dies. Now drop your guns; this plasma is set at maximum, so you know what will happen if you make me use it." The guards obeyed and the one humping Gabri–Ann, suddenly modest, moved her hands over her privates. Xava looked at her "you...untie her and give her your uniform and rifle."
Gabri–Ann quickly dressed and came over to Xava. Surprisingly, she was angry at Xava. "You should not have risked your life and your mission to save me."
"You said it yourself, it's not my fate to die here." Xava touched her cheek, "and I was not going to leave without you. Now let's get out of here."
They tied Cota's and Blada's hands behind their backs then started walking toward a shuttle, carefully keeping their hostages between themselves and the guards. A group of solders appeared with their rifles pointed at them, and Xava had visions of making a last stand with their plasma rifles blazing.
"Keep walking, they won't shoot," Gabri–Ann said. The solders parted and Xena marveled at her empathic abilities. On the shuttle Gabri–Ann guarded the hostages while Xava started the engines and radioed Star Corps command. "We are keeping Cota for a while," she said to Blada, who would now be prison commander. "If anything unfortunate happens to us the Star Corps will know who to blame. One more thing; I intend to keep an eye on this prison. If you don't clean it up I will be back and I will kill you."
Then they took off and flew to a hovering position above an ocean. Then Xava opened the large hatch and put Cota in front of it. "What the hell do you thing you're doing?" he asked.
"You're about to be executed," she said calmly, then looked over to Gabri–Ann. "Don't tell me you have a problem with that."
"Not at all." She looked at Cota's with real hate, "this man murdered and raped dozens of prisoners; he deserves to die."
"Hey, come on, you can't kill me. The Praytor will hunt you down like dogs," Cota said with real fear in his voice.
"For you? Then who will fight the Federations for him?" Xava said. "Set your plasma rifle to stun; I don't want to blow this shuttle up."
Xava and Gabri–Ann turned their rifles toward him. "Please, I'm begging you, don't do this!" Cota was terrified, and a large wet spot spread in his crouch.
Xava laughed, "it's not so much fun when you're the one doing the pissing." Then she nodded to Gabri–Ann, and they fired into him, and Commandant Cota fell backwards out of the hatch to a watery grave.
They closed the hatch and Xava set a course to Carpathia. They were both hungry, so Xava prepared some of the shuttles rations and served them. "Best meal I've had in a long time," Gabri–Ann said.
"Are you going to be all right?" Xava asked softly.
"I don't know... I think so."
Xava took her hand "He deserved to die. He was raping you for four months."
Gabri–Ann nodded, "he raped you too."
"And we killed the bastard," Xava said, "that helps with the healing."
Gabri–Ann smiled, and then became serious. "We have to talk about this; we can't keep our feelings all locked inside," and Xava agreed. Gabri–Ann looked at her and smiled "I love you. I know when I said it before I thought I was going to die, but I still mean it."
"I love you too," and Xava kissed her. "Did I tell you, this shuttle was designed for 25 people? It has real beds, and a bathroom with a toilet and hot water and a shower".
"I would kill for a hot shower."
"It's a large shower; two can squeeze into it. I bet we could even pee in it." Xava said as she started removing Gabri–Ann's blouse. Then Xava became serious. "You know, fighting the Federations will be very dangerous; there is a good chance we will die."
"I know," Gabri–Ann said. "And if we don't get killed there we probably will be when we go after the Praytor."
"You don't have to come with me," Xava added.
Gabri–Ann shook her head. "Where you go, I go. We are in this together."
"I was hoping you would say that," Xava said, and they kissed and continued to take each other's clothes off. Soon they were in the shower, hot water flowing over their bodies, and then Xava started rubbing her pussy into Gabri–Ann's.
By: Rainy ( Click HERE to send Rainy an email )