Easter Bunny
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Esther worked at an electrical goods store in a suburban shopping centre. She had only been there for six months, but she was popular not only with the customers, but also with her male colleagues.

The store was holding an Easter sale, and the manager had asked everyone if they wanted to wear a bunny costume (bunny as in rabbit, not Playboy), but almost everyone declined, politely… except Esther, who wanted to put it on almost immediately. The others laughed. It was a rather old costume… about ten years old, but at least it was in good condition. She had it washed, cleaned, and then tried it on… it was a snug fit.

A few days later, it was the start of the sale, and the duties Esther had to do apart from wearing the costume, was to hand out leaflets and to greet the customers to tell them about the latest deals. A couple of hours later, Esther felt she needed to go to the toilet… she drank two glasses of orange juice with her cereal that morning. She tried undoing one of the zips in her costume. However, it became jammed in the fur and couldn’t get it to open. Her need to go wasn’t as bad at first, so she carried on greeting.

Another couple of hours past, and now she was beginning to regret her decision…. she began to fidget and could not concentrate on what she was doing. She tugged at the zip harder than before, but it would not move. She tried to cross her legs, it was however difficult whilst wearing the costume. She was getting frantic by this stage, but could not excuse herself to use the toilet. She then started to openly bend double and squeeze her legs.

She suddenly felt some pee seep through her panties… she became frightened and did not know what to do. She tried to keep her pee in with all her willpower, but it was not to be. She felt more pee seeping out, in large quantities now… she grabbed herself with both her hands inbetween her legs and did not care who was watching.

She finally gave up and let the rest of the pee gush into her costume. She became heavily relieved at letting it all go. But another shock was to come… a young girl walking past the store looked at her and told her mother, “Look, mummy, that bunny wet herself!” Esther looked down and saw a darkening streak of pee appear on her inner thighs. The manager saw what was going on.

“Why didn’t you say you needed to go?” he asked sympathetically.

“I was worried about getting into trouble,” Esther replied. “I couldn’t unzip my costume.” She began to cry, and the manager put his arm around her.

“Don’t worry,” he said. “Just go and get yourself cleaned up, then you can go home early.”

She thanked him for his understanding and got cleaned up. She certainly will not forget that day in a hurry.

