I'm 18 years old, female, and a senior in high school. I have a story I think would fit nicely on your page.
It was Friday night and I had a track meet the next morning as I usually did on Saturday mornings. I went to bed at about 11 o'clock since my meet started at 9 AM and I was in the first event, so with the hour traveling time I needed to get up at about 7:30. I went to bed, and since it was a Friday night, went into a really deep sleep.
When I woke up the first thought that came to my mind was: "I really have to pee!" since I hadn't gone all night it was time for my morning piss. Then all of a sudden I looked at the clock and realized I had forgotten to set my alarm. The time was now 8:10 and I was really late. I rushed out of the house half forgetting about my problem, but half of me was saying I'd wait until I got there since I didn't really have time anyway.
I got to the platform and was waiting for the train. The service isn't great on Saturday mornings, so I was waiting for quite a while (about 15 minutes). All the time I was dying to pee, but it was okay because I'd be at the meet soon where there's a bathroom. Finally the train came and I got on. It was a local, of course, since the express trains don't run on the weekends.
I couldn't even sit down I had to go so bad, I stood as we pulled out of the station. I was slightly hunched over, but still okay and was going to make it. The train pulled into my station and I got out. I couldn't run because I needed a toilet so bad so I walked as fast as I could. I got inside relieved that I'd finally be able to relieve my aching bladder! As soon as I walked in I heard them announcing the girls 300m (my event). I had no time to stop at the bathroom: I had to change and get to the track. My desperate pussy would have to wait.
I went to the changing room to change and it was so hard to get my clothes off in my condition. I ripped them off and put on my uniform. The tight bottom piece to my uniform pressing on my bladder wasn't helping the situation. (It's like the bottom of a bathing suit, but tighter.) I went upstairs to my coach and he made all of us drink and entire pint of Gatorade before the race. He wouldn't accept ANY excuses. As I guzzled it down I felt the pressure on my bladder increase tremendously. I didn't want it to show though, because there were some really hot guys right there. I left and went to the track. I got there just in time. I had no idea how I was going to sprint in my condition, but I was going to have to try. (And I was hoping that knowing I'd be able to relieve myself after the race would help.)
I got in line where it took so long to call all the names; it was about an hour before I was at the starting line. At that point it was already 10:30. The gun fired and somehow I was able to run the race and I did pretty well. The race had made my urge to pee much worse, but I was finally going to be able to relieve myself. I walked into the main lobby and went over to the bathroom. Just seeing the door made me almost lose control. I had made it. Then I noticed a sign on the door. It read, "OUT OF ORDER" – I flipped out!
Now what was I going to do? I jammed my hand into my crotch and went down the stairs wondering what to do. I couldn't leave since that was only the 300m trials and I had to run the finals, which was the last event of the meet (they like to give us time to rest). Track meets take forever and my next run wouldn't be for another four hours. My coach wouldn't let me go home first because some of the girls had left and not come back in previous meets.
I clutched my pussy and tightly squeezed it together. I was all hunched over and didn't no what i was going to do. The next several hours were hell! I had to keep my hand jammed in my crotch and my thighs squeezed tightly together and somehow I was able to manage to wait the three hours. There was still half an hour until my race though and the pain was worse than ever. More than that it was time for my second pint of Gatorade. Oh gosh!!! That was the hardest of all! With one hand I squeezed my crotch as tight as I possibly could and chugged the bottle down. My race was in 20 minutes and I was already too desperate.
I got to the track and they lined us up. This time it was faster and only took about 15 minutes. I got to the starting line and realized I couldn't spread my legs. When the gun fired I knew I had to run. I forced my legs apart and started to run. Just then I felt a drop of pee seep out into my uniform, then another, then it began to come out more and more, but I was trying to hold back the entire time. There I was running around a track in front of almost a thousand people with a stream of pee coming from my crotch. Fortunately I was able to hold back and not too much leaked out (not before it was noticeable though and it was so embarrassing!), but by the time I finished the race I still desperately needed a bathroom!
My need was almost worse now that I gotten a little relief. It was lose–lose: I had embarrassed myself and still REALLY needed to pee. I went to my coach, grabber my clothes, and ran out the door. I ran to the train station just missing a train. The 15–minute wait was unbearable! I was bent over with my thighs tightly crossed squeezing my pussy as hard as I could. Once the train came I got on and sat down. Everyone was staring at me since I was totally bent over and squeezing my crotch.
A few stations later the train got more crowded and it was uncomfortably tight. I was still clutching myself, not knowing how much longer I could hold on. Suddenly a drop of pee came out as I squeezed harder. It was no use though: I all of a sudden burst out in tears as my pee started shooting out in all directions soaking me and wetting the people around me. I ran off the train at the next stop with pee still pouring out and still crying not knowing what to do. I decided to walk home since I'd see fewer people that way and it would be less embarrassing. That had to have been the most embarrassing moment of my life!! 
JoeJoe