Dream Team (part 7-a)

Posted by Tinker, July 1996 

"Come on, Alice. We don't have all day!" Diana yelled out of the car window. Alice hurried towards the mini bus, waving her parents goodbye and dragging her big gym bag with her. She stuffed the bag in the back and climbed in with the other girls. Diana honked the horn and the van rolled out of the street, with a few days of holiday and some cheerleader practice ahead. 

Alice had been the last one to be picked up. All the others were already aboard, and soon Diana took the bus onto the freeway and let it howl. It would be a good two hours' drive to their training location. Janice's uncle had a nice estate over there, and he had asked her if she would like to stay there and keep an eye on the place for a long weekend while he and his wife went to Europe. Janice had got the idea of calling in the rest of her squad, and when Diana found out what type of place this estate really was, she had not thought twice. There would be plenty of room for everybody, a nice training ground, and even a small swimming pool. And according to Janice the estate was surrounded by woods, so it seemed to provide enough of a quiet place to keep the girls from hanging out in discos all the time instead of practising. Also, some privacy was quite interesting for other reasons as well. 

All the girls were in a vacation mood. The cheerleader squad really was a tight club, they knew each other inside out, and they had shared a lot of weird things together. Cheering for football games gradually became less and less important for them. Alright, it still was great to run onto the field in their skimpy outfits and give a show, but this was not the only reason to stay with the squad. The upcoming championships were neither. It was the friendship between the girls, the bond that held them together. And especially their little naughty games, mostly during their practices. But Diana, the captain, had already been giving hints that the team needed some fresh blood, since four of the girls would be graduating next year. This would probably mean the end of their games, and everybody knew that this could also mean the beginning of a breakup. So they all jumped at the occasion of spending some days with each other in a nice place, and here they went. 

About halfway during the trip, Ann looked up from the map she was reading and turned around to look back into the van. All girls were nicely chatting and looking out of the window. All of them wore their normal street clothes, often a T-shirt and jeans. Of course Cindy wore her usual white blouse and black leather mini with high heels. The only other outfit she could ever be seen in was her cheerleader uniform. Maureen and Alice were dressed in summer dresses, with Maureen's a lot shorter. Ann herself wore her favourite blue full skirt. She smiled and thought that the gang really looked neat. Just a normal bunch of girls in their early twenties en route to a few days of vacation in the countryside. 

But it did not last long for Jane (who else?) to start rummaging in her bag. In the driving mirror, Diana could see that Jane was unpacking her uniform. Diana smiled. Of course Jane would try to change into her uniform while still in the bus. It would dent her image if she wouldn't. With a lot of giggling and with some legs high into the sky, Jane got rid of her jeans, and in a few minutes she got completely changed. One by one, the other girls followed, until only Diana and Ann remained.

Diana could hardly change while driving and Ann thought that she both had not enough space in the front and would be too exposed to the traffic passing by. But the others apparently had no problem with this. Even better, the gang did what it could to distract car drivers who overtook the bus. It seemed that six cheerleaders could be spotted from miles away, because their van caused some kind of traffic jam at fifty miles per hour. And each time Diana overtook a truck, its heavy honking could be heard for a long time. 

Finally Diana took an exit and soon the mini bus was driving through beautiful woods and fields, while Janice moved up front to assist in the navigation. Soon they reached a private driving lane with a gate, and after a few more minutes Diana hit the brakes in front of an older country mansion. While the girls poured out of the bus and stretched their legs, Diana and Janice exchanged a few words with the uncle and his wife. They were a bit surprised that the squad had already changed into uniform, but since their plane would leave soon, there was not much time for discussion. Janice's aunt made her niece promise not to turn the place into a mess, and soon they drove off towards the airport. 

Even before their car had cleared the gate, Diana had called the girls together. "Alright girls, listen up. You know the agreement. We'll leave this place exactly as we have found it, with everything neat, made up and cleaned. And I want to add two more rules, which I suppose you won't need but nonetheless. One: no strangers on the premises. I don't know if you plan to go out tonight, there's a town not far from here and you can have the bus, but no fooling around with boys over here." There was some murmur in the background but it sounded faked. The girls knew very well that a few boys could ruin everything they got here. Besides, most of them had a steady boy friend.

"Two: no messing inside the house. I don't care what you do outside, no matter how weird it is, but inside we need to behave. I won't complain about an accidental puddle but you need to clean it up immediately, and please look out for the carpets and chairs and so on." All nodded. This was a fair deal. "Oh, and three: the washing room is behind the kitchen, there on the left. We'll have to clean it anyway, and it has tiles on the floor, so don't bother too much when you need it. I brought in a good supply of towels and we'll wash every time the machine is full. Questions?"

"How secluded is this place? Are there fences all around?" Janice nodded: "Yes, and the gate will be locked. We won't be disturbed by nobody. A perfect training camp." Everybody grinned. "Okay then. The place is yours and the woods as well. Enjoy!" 

The gang, except Diana and Ann who had to take care of the van, spread out like a herd of calves that was released in the meadows after a winter on stable. First they ran in all directions, came back, ran to another place, then realized that the place was so big that there was no point in running anyway. A few girls looked at each other and then split their sides laughing. "Unbelievable. This whole place is ours. We can just walk around in our uniforms all day for three days, do everything we dreamed of, abandon almost every rule, and the first thing we do is to run around like mad," Alice noticed. "Yeah, let's find a nice place to start," Jane added, "Some place out in the open, where it would otherwise be impossible."

"Impossible? Nothing is impossible," Cindy countered. "I have done it right in the middle of..."

"Yeah right, in a portable toilet disguised as a leather mini, so that's no... Ouch!" While Cindy chased Melissa over the lawn, the others gazed over the estate. For the first time in their life, they would have nothing to be worried about when they wanted to play. It opened up endless possibilities. Normally, they would have hurried towards the grass now. But this time, there was no need to hurry and to do it as soon as possible. They had all the time. A strange sense of freedom and excitement came over the girls as they realized that the last bit of restriction had been cut out of their lives for a few days. They could truly amuse themselves here. "Alright, where's the bar?" Jane asked. Cheering the gang went inside, exactly the opposite of their normal reaction to grass when they wore their uniforms. 

Diana and Ann were unloading the girls' luggage and some supplies for the weekend. They had noticed the others and grinned when they saw them entering the house. "Probably they want to fill up properly before the games start," Diana supposed. "I would have expected at least a few of them to go where they stood as soon as Janice's uncle and aunt left the premises."

"Yeah, probably it's the idea that they now don't have a restricted period to stick to. They can just go around, have fun, and when they feel like it do it right on the spot. No planning, no careful intake of liquids, no forced sessions to profit from the last minutes before showering." Diana sighed: "Hurry, I want to join them. I've been dry for days and I want to feel the wind playing around my legs again. The idea of wearing my uniform non-stop for three days makes me wet already." 

After two more bags, and with only three crates of food and beverages left in the van, Ann suddenly remarked: "How strange. Now we have the freedom, why stick only to our uniforms?" Diana shrugged: "Don't know. Wearing our uniforms outside matches still feels challenging, I suppose. And it's certainly more daring to go while wearing a flimsy mini and contrasting panties. It's the combination of both, at least for me it is. Walking around in my daring uniform as if it is my normal outfit and then play naughty games on top, that really does it for me." Ann nodded. "I see. You might be right. I, too, really look forward to put on my mini and parade over the estate with a stain in my panties. But there's more in this vacation, I feel it. And I'll start exploring it right now. This is outside, isn't it?" Diana smiled. "It sure is. Mind your skirt."

"I don't want to," Ann replied. 

Without putting down the crate she carried, she walked a few metres towards the kitchen. About half way, in full sight of everybody who would happen to be around, she suddenly halted. As if in distress, she cried: "Oh no, it's happening again!" Still clutching the crate with both hands, Ann firmly parted her legs, which with her long skirt was sure to attract all attention she wanted. Yes, this was different, exactly because she had NOT planned it hours, even days before. Fortunately, she actually had to wee. Bye-bye panties.

Ann threw her head back and made it begin. Slow at first, but quickly growing, it got warm in her panties. And warmer. Hot! It trickled out onto the pavement between her feet already, and she had not even really started yet! Ann trembled of excitement when she did a long, uncontrolled gush of wee right in her panties. It felt so different from wetting in her uniform. Her skirt rubbed against her legs, the crate was heavy, she couldn't even look down to her legs to see what was happening. As far as she was concerned, she was completely wetting her street clothes, carrying a crate of food to an old mansion house. Her long skirt would hide her leaking dark panties, but she was not at all sure if the crate that pushed against her belly would not press her skirt against her wet crotch. And on the white pavement, a stream slowly found its way from under her skirt towards the lawn. 

What would a maid do when this really happened to her and somebody was watching? She could not stop, no way. The wet waves of warmth in her groin area and the trickle down her left leg made her knees go weak, and as if on instinct, Ann crouched down a bit. She put the crate on the top of her thighs and in this way got her skirt out of the danger zone. Her pose now yelled to everybody in sight: "Look here! I'm wetting myself!" Fully aware of the fact that these were her normal clothes, Ann cried: "Yes!" and allowed herself to abandon all rules.

With three days ahead, there was no point in holding back. She unmercifully flooded her underwear with all the force she had and simply forgot about her clothes. More, more, more, her panties screamed. It went everywhere, up, sideways, down her ass. A waterfall clattered onto the pavement. Her panties would be one big dark stain now, almost from hip to hip. She could not possibly escape unseen. It was marvellous. Ann almost fainted as her own warmth caressed her crotch and put all her senses on maximum. Yes, this was truly wetting herself. And three more days to come! 

After the gushing was over and the dripping started to fade, Ann straightened her back again and walked over to the kitchen as if nothing happened. Her movements squeezed out her panties and with two little streams running down her legs and leaving drops behind, Ann entered and put the crate onto a table. She forced herself not to look down to her skirt. A nice kitchen, this. Enough room for at least three people to cook together. Diana came in, also carrying a crate. "I saw a puddle on the pavement. Did you drop a bottle?" she asked innocently. "Mmmm," Ann replied. Under her skirt she felt the remainings of a big accident and it made her go wild. Wearing her cheerleader skirt, she could easily slip a hand between her legs, but with this skirt that had to wait. She tried to rub her thighs together as much as she could while walking back to the van. Her skirt felt quite normal. And nobody looked at her. 

Diana got even more aroused than Ann! Seeing her friend crouch down and obviously misusing her skirt to the fullest, she cursed the fact that she wore a pair of jeans. Although she had played with the idea of going into jeans, that still went just a bit too far. For now, at least. She needed her flashy uniform, and fast. While following Ann back to the bus, Diana already took off her T-shirt. Changing into her red uniform right here in the open would be exciting as well. Ann smiled as she hauled the last crate into the kitchen. Diana put on her uniform top, made of tight stretchy fabric, and kicked off her shoes in the mean time. A bit brave, she already started to press. Down went her jeans, freeing her red panties. Those needed no change. Uniform panties were the only thing she ever wore, no matter what occasion. 

Diana decided to take more risks. Pressing harder and feeling her wee coming up, she carefully put on her high boots. Ann returned and looked at her in amusement, still forcing herself not to look to her own skirt. Diana now got a bit in trouble. She had to clutch her thighs in order to prevent her panties from staining in full view. With her teeth together, she reached for her hair lint. Ann nodded in approval. Diana was taking herself to the limits. This could be helped, though. While Diana fixed her hair, Ann took Diana's little red skirt and walked over to the mansion house.

Without a word, Diana followed, a bit uneasy but still in control. Away from the van, full in the open, Ann offered the skirt to her friend. Diana took it, had to try two times to step into it, and then pulled it up over her thighs. Her panties disappeared from view. But it was not finished yet. She carefully closed the button while clutching her thighs and making a very good impression of a girl badly needing a toilet. Ann stepped back and parted her legs a bit, more out of habit than because she had to. 

Diana now reached the final stage. Very slowly she unclutched her thighs, until she stood about normally, but with her boots still together. Then she reached to her back to pull up the zipper of her skirt. As she closed it, and thereby completed her uniform, everything melted in her belly. With a moan, Diana spoiled her uniform panties in one big gush. Astounded, she looked around, to the wide unrestricted view. All hers! Still wetting and with her wee cascading down both her legs, Diana took a few steps towards the lawn.

This was incredible. Here she was, in full uniform, out in the open, wetting herself like a baby and thoroughly enjoying it all. She walked on, pushing hard. Wow, this was something. Her whole crotch seemed on fire, and her legs got a great deal, too. Never mind her boots. She even pranced a bit, joyfully soaking her panties as hard as she could. Her little skirt bobbed up and down and she was sure that a good observer would see a dark bottom developing in her panties. 

Ann followed, a bit amazed about the game Diana was playing. Her friend now approached thirty years of age, and it seemed absurd that such a woman would truly like prancing around in a skimpy outfit while obviously wetting herself completely. But then, what was she doing herself? Diana now finished off in her favourite pose, legs open, hands on her hips, and yelled: "We won! Everybody may know it: we did it!" Then, still dripping, she walked over to a bench and sat down, carefully moving her skirt out of the way. A wet skirt was too much of the good thing, apparently.

Even dreams have limits. Ann got over to the bench as well and before Diana could react, she just sat down onto it. Diana grabbed her, just too late: "Look out for..." Ann smiled. "For what?" as she felt her soppy panties soak the back of her blue skirt. Satisfied, she leaned back and opened her knees, pushing her skirt aside a bit. She felt the clammy feeling of panties just after wetting. Normally a bit irritating, but this time, a great way to sit on a bench in a mansion's park. Diana now smiled. She neatly crossed her legs and made a point of sitting like a decent cheerleader, waiting to be called on duty. 

After a moment, they looked at each other and both announced that they wanted to do some more. Their games had taught them not to spill everything at once, to always keep something in stock. "Again then," Ann smiled. Only now she looked down to her skirt. To her amazement, nothing was to be seen, at least not at the front. She opened her knees a bit more and relaxed. When you wear wet panties, it's a lot easier to start again. Within seconds, Diana could hear a dripping sound from under their bench. Ann gasped. She now really wet into her skirt!

Diana closed her eyes and decided to stay put. With her legs crossed, it took some work to begin, but eventually her panties became warmer instead of colder. The combination of her wet panties, her staggering uniform, the open environment, and her friend doing a wee in her skirt next to her was too much for Diana. With a moan she slipped a hand up her skirt and started to rub her soppy and slippery panties. Ann could not resist the urge either and because her skirt was spoiled already, she did not even slip her hand under it. With two hands rammed into her crotch, she almost overtook Diana and a few seconds later their combined moans echoed over the estate. And they had only just arrived. 

Diana and Ann stayed on the bench for a while, but eventually they decided to go inside. Ann denied the state of her skirt and just walked over to the bar, with Diana still looking around as if she expected others seeing her in her flashy outfit and spoiled panties. But her only witness was the sun which had not even reached its highest point yet. Inside, they found the rest of the squad gathered in what seemed to be a billiards room of some kind, with indeed a bar on one side. Ann's skirt, with a huge stain in the back and a smaller one up front, caused some laughter, but her obvious smile made it clear that she already had a lot of fun while the others still had to start. Janice was behind the bar and got Ann something big, not alcoholic but a lot of liquid.

"Can I sit down on these stools?" Ann asked. "Yup, they can have it, no problem," Janice answered. Ann took a seat and was thoroughly reminded of the state of her clothes. "Wo! I'm really wet! I'll have to change my skirt before lunch and have it washed, or else I won't have anything to put on when we go out or shopping." 

Diana intervened. "No way. As soon as somebody here changes into her uniform, it's fixed. You keep it on. No matter what you do with or in it, you keep it on. Thanks, Janice. Deal?" Ann sputtered and a few other girls looked at Diana in disbelief: "You mean, we keep it on ALL the time?"

"That's what I said. You're allowed to change panties, but not to take them off for longer than you need to change. It's a way of learning to restrict yourself. Get some discipline. Cheers." She downed about half of the glass she got. A silence fell. "We do even... you know... THAT in our panties?" a tiny voice asked. Diana chuckled. "I thought you were braver than that, Alice. But of course not, I was just joking. You can do whatever you like, any time. Just grab this chance with both hands, you will not often get an opportunity like this. Wearing your uniform for three days in a row and no watchers to take into account. I'm going to use this chance to the fullest."

The others sighed from relief, because, well, you know, THAT was still different. And the idea of HAVING to wet themselves a few times a day was absolutely against everything they wanted. They wanted to have fun and to decide that they could as well use their own panties instead of the house's toilet, but if the decision was made for them, it immediately lost its attraction. 

As Diana sat down next to Ann, her panties delightfully sopping on the leather bar stool, Ann smiled to her. "You really had me. And the worst of all, I would sort of have liked the idea. We all went out here to wet our uniforms and then it suddenly would turn against us. How silly." Jane came over and stood at the bar left of Diana, her foot on the rod. "So? Keep us in uniform for three days? It certainly would be a nice experience. I might try some things like that indeed. Would you mind?" Diana shook her head and downed the rest of her drink. "Not at all. It's your life and your uniform. As long as you don't soil anything else, you're absolutely allowed to try it." Jane nodded: "I will. I don't know when or where, but I will." With her right hand, she stroke her smooth little skirt and thought about the clean, dry, pale blue panties hidden under it. A shudder crept up over her spine. "Janice, another one, quick." 

Cindy and Alice were trying to play billiards. They both couldn't really play, but messing around with balls on a table was easy enough. Especially the times they had to reach far over the table and thus revealed a lot of light blue panties were reasons for laughter and fun. None of the girls barring Ann and Diana had yet had accidents, funny enough. They all cherished their freedom and their right to choose for themselves. They walked around in outfits that COULD be spoiled on the spot, but they just did not do it, yet. Postponing the inevitable was part of the game. And usually they did what they could to flash panties before, and keep them covered afterwards. 

It now was almost lunch time, and a few girls set out towards the kitchen to prepare some meal. It would not take too long, because for the first day they had brought almost instant stuff and bread. Because the weather was fine, Alice proposed to take one of the tables out and have lunch outside in the garden. Janice knew that there was special garden furniture, and soon they had set up a nice spot just twenty metres into the garden. Nobody had to tell these girls to leave the cushions inside. It was just too obvious. 

Ann appeared in her uniform now, complete with fresh and dry panties, so they all were sort of ready for action. As they sat down, they got a bit excited. After all, it was obvious what would happen somewhere during lunch. But neither of the girls would be the first to give in, at least not by just opening the faucet while seated. There had to be better ways. Diana, who was the only girl with wet panties and therefore excluded from the game, kept on teasing the others. She spilt water over the table, mumbled "Oops" from time to time while looking at her lap, told silly jokes and generally got on the other's nerves and bladders. Eventually Cindy rose to her feet and asked for attention. Jane couldn't leave the opportunity to sneer at her: "Hush, you all. Otherwise we can't hear the dripping when Cindy gets wet." But Cindy only smiled. 

"Before the festivities start, I would like to thank Janice for inviting us all here. Thanks to her we have the chance of a lifetime. We all know that some of us will leave this year and that we'll get new girls. It most probably will mean the end of everything. But let's have one big party before it's all over. Janice, come over here. You have the privilege to open the Great Water Festival." Janice looked troubled. Being behind the bar had taken its toll. She actually had difficulties staying dry and getting up wouldn't help matters. Carefully she got up and walked over to Cindy, taking small steps. The others immediately spotted the situation and cheered. "Janice is a good host. She knows exactly what is expected of her," someone giggled. "Speech, Janice! Tell us what we are doing here."

"Well. Yes. Ermmm." Janice clearly was not that good at speeches. 

"Well, thanks for the compliments. It really was not such a big deal. My uncle called, and I accepted, and only then I realized that maybe we could go all together. It had not crossed my mind then that it could turn out to be such a success. Especially not the... you know... why we are here. I mean here in the garden." Unnoticed by Janice, Cindy had stalked behind her and now slowly came closer. The others kept their faces blank and let Janice finish her speech. It was clear that she was fighting the urge to let her panties have it all right there, bobbing a bit up and down and already clutching the hem of her little skirt once in a while. "And eh... well, since we are in the garden, I suppose I should wish you all good luck and a nice... you know..." 

At that moment, Cindy tickled Janice in both her sides from behind. The effect was remarkable. Janice gave out a yell and went through her knees, with her arms retracted in a reflex. And there were more reflexes. Under her white cheerleader skirt, Janice felt the clear sensations of a pair of pale blue panties going wet. Dammit! But she was a good loser. Without trying to stop the weeing in progress, and before the others could even see anything, she opened her legs a bit, straightened her back, stuck a fist into the air and declared the Great Water Festival opened. The others cheered and applauded as Janice's panties gave up and started to leak, and with her boots quickly surrounded by a puddle, she sneakily enjoyed the whole thing. Weeing in her uniform in front of a crowd still was great fun. Janice bowed towards the public while lifting her skirt a bit on the left and right, and officially accepted their cheers. The comforting warmth in her panties was delightful. 

Cindy still stood close by. Revenge! How? Cindy seemed to be completely at ease, yet she had drunk down at least the same amount as herself. She had to be dying for a pee. Or else she had... quickly Janice jumped onto Cindy and after a short wrestle, she had her firmly in a lock grip. "Alright dear. Now show us your impeccably dry unstained blue panties. After all, I lost the game, so you must have won. Haven't you?" Cindy struggled to get free but couldn't manage. Finally she gave up. With a sigh, she kicked one leg high up into the sky, and let the others look at her underwear. Janice had been right. It was completely stained and that in a way that only could be caused by a long continuous trickle for at least half an hour. There was some booh-ing, but at least she had managed to get the ice broken, and she got credits for sneaky weeing. But of course she was the great expert in that, with her tendency to leak all the time under her leather skirts. 

All girls now assembled at the table and lunch began. Apparently no others really had to go, yet. But eventually Melissa brought up the subject: "Geez, I have been thinking, usually I have only one or two chances to get wet and I don't want to spoil any one of them. But now, I can try out something new and if it's no fun, I just go again in an hour." Ann nodded. "Yes! I have been contemplating about the same subject, and I agree. Normally I would certainly have walked up the garden path, found a nice spot, and do it full-blown traditionally, with my legs apart and all that. Just to be sure that I would get the most out of it. But today, we can risk spoiling a few occasions and do boring things."

She took a somewhat different position on her chair and made sure her skirt was not under her bum. With a smile, Diana saw that at least two other girls now did the same thing. She pushed back her chair and indecently looked under the table. All three girls now had their knees opened just too much to be called innocent. Over the table, the girls exchanged naughty looks and grew silent. A giggle of Melissa was the only sound that broke the silence while everybody awaited the inevitable. 

Cindy, already wet, couldn't stand the excitement any longer and pinched the edge of the table: "Will you girls pleaaase stop teasing me! If you wait any longer, I'll just help myself right here." Melissa looked aside and smiled: "Don't bother. Here it comes." She moved her knees even a bit further apart and with her hands clutching her glass of milk, she swiftly made her panties unfitted for wearing in public in a few seconds. Melissa could feel her warm wee washing around under her skirt, restricted by the garden chair, and reaching further and further up and backwards.

Her whole bum got its share. The rustling sound soon became so clear that Cindy got satisfied and started to deal more bread around. Now the other two girls also started, Ann slowly and carefully, Maureen casually and seemingly not aware of what happened between her legs: "Could you please hand me the scrambled eggs? Thanks." Ann now also, unsurely, took a bite from her sandwich and slowly chewed away. Eating while doing a wee in your panties certainly was new. The combination of traditionally completely separated sensations caused her to feel a bit unpleasant, but she learned quickly. 

Maureen had no trouble with this. With her knees not even apart any more, she happily weed her panties to never-never land and downed another glass of orange juice. Diana still smiled and looked around her squad. All these pretty girls together in cheerleader uniform casually sitting at a lunch table would already have made some boys' heads run wild, let alone if they could look under the table and get lost in the forest of legs and secret triangles. But what happened now before her eyes would certainly make them go berserk. Inconspicuously, Diana kept an eye on Cindy.

But the poor girl seemed to cope quite well with this obviously very exciting, even arousing company. She was engaged in a pleasant conversation with Melissa about the pros and cons of water-resistant skirts, and did not forget to eat in the mean time. Good. Diana herself now felt some need to go as well, but she kept it for herself. Their was still half a day to go, and a little trickle was no option today. Her panties did not even itch any more, so she was well under way to get dry again. More orange juice! 

Ann now was beyond the point of no return as well. She had looked down to her lap, encountered just a pretty white skirt with two tanned legs disappearing under it, and decided that it was fun after all. She crossed her legs just as she had seen Diana do it, and spurted hard into her now surely dark-blue damp spoiled soppy pleasantly warm panties. She heard the slight hiss as she reached for another sandwich and felt the warm glow spread around her crotch. Yes, this was fun! And after the lunch, she would just go her merry way and pull up her skirt just a bit higher, to be sure to show a line of dark-blue fabric to every peeker. Cheerleaders are allowed to do that, she assured herself, and firmly pressed for the next gush. It tingled between her legs. 

To Diana's reckoning, only Jane and Alice now were still dry. Jane had something special in mind, she knew, and lunch clearly was not the proper time and place to do it. Diana secretly wanted to be with Jane as she was going to try it, although she was quite doubtful of the actual fun it would be. The idea probably was the most important, not the result. But the problem was best left in Jane's hands, so to speak, and this cheerful girl would certainly come up with a wonderful way to stage her accident.

As far as Alice was concerned, well, she most of the time preferred a lot more staging than just opening her knees under a table. This was a girl who had been experimenting with wetting herself during childhood, and usually this meant a preference for a fully dressed, carefully prepared and anxiously awaited nice long wee in a natural pose. Alice definitely would walk along the garden path after lunch and get caught somewhere halfway, with just enough time to strike a pose. As if she was a little girl that tried to fool her mother into thinking that it was an accident and that she had cleverly covered it up. But she would relish the moments between taking her pose and actually voluntarily beginning to wee, because causing the first stain still was very important to her. 

Lunch now slowly got to an end, and most girls helped carrying the dishes and leftovers back to the kitchen. It still was a bit weird to see these neat girls walking and chattering, with once in a while a clear sign of a big accident. But that was part of the fun. Diana was pretty sure that wearing nappies or something like that was no thing for this lot. It had to show, at least a bit, to become really naughty. You don't wear little flaring cheerleader skirts and contrasting panties for nothing. 

As she had expected, Alice began to stroll down the garden path after the dish washer got started, and the rest of the squad looked for a place to sit down and digest. The lawn in front of the mansion seemed ideal. Cindy broke away from the rest and followed Alice: "Hey, where are you going?" Alice looked back and smiled: "Just wandering a bit. I have this funny feeling that something might catch me." Cindy smiled and pranced towards Alice: "I go with you! You can play and I will fill in the missing parts." Together they wandered towards the fruit trees and Diana decided to follow them inconspicuously. She was curious as to what game Alice had thought up; maybe she could borrow some ideas to work over with her boy friend. And she was a bit worried about Cindy. 

After about twenty meters, Alice suddenly started to arrange her clothes; she reached up her skirt to pull up her blue panties for the last time, smoothed her skirt nicely over her hips, straightened her sweater, and so forth. Diana heard her say to Cindy: "I think I need a wee, mum." Cindy smiled back and whispered something that Diana could not understand, but Alice seemed happily surprised: "Really? Just like that?" Cindy stopped walking while Alice slowly and unsurely went through her knees and squatted in the middle of the path. She clutched her hands around her knees and looked up to Cindy, who nodded in approval and encouraged her to begin.

Alice played her role with conviction. She really tried to keep her panties hidden from view and to do just as if she was looking at something on the ground, or her boots. Cindy even accompanied her in her squatting pose, and together they followed a beetle over the path. Alice twice more asked for confirmation, and Cindy kept telling her that she should just wee through her panties because they were made for it and she was not wearing a skirt for nothing. She also explained to Alice exactly what would happen to the light blue fabric between her thighs, and Alice clearly got excited from this. Finally she told: "I think it's coming, mum," and looked between her knees.

Diana knew that this was the moment for Alice. Her feverish blushing told enough. Still, it took quite a time before her body language broadcasted the tell-tale signs of a wetting in progress, and when it came, she cheered like a girl that gets an ice cream in mid-winter. With an enthusiasm that made Diana feel old, Alice looked towards Cindy and yelped: "It's happening, mum! I'm weeing with my panties on and nobody can see it! Oh, it's lovely. It's much nicer than on the toilet. Can I always go to the toilet in my panties? Please?" Cindy laughed: "Yes dear, you can always do it in your panties as long as you promise to wear a skirt." And then she bent over and kissed Alice on the cheek. 

Diana bit on her teeth and pinched her fists. But Alice took it well and just smiled at her friend. For a moment, something quivered in the air between the two girls, but then they both got up and started to walk back. Alice walked a bit silly and kept looking down, as if she experienced the virtues of wet underwear for the very first time. Diana took a short cut to the lawn and felt very free in her little mini and wettish panties, walking out in the countryside with no football stadium around in miles. Her self- made red uniform was exciting enough even without wet secrets. 

The rest of the afternoon was spent with the usual cheerleading practice, a bit less formal than otherwise, and a few times interrupted by a sudden accident. Neither of the girls had wanted to change and put on dry panties to wet them again, so only Jane still had impeccable underwear while all the others wore stained and soppy uniform panties. Even some skirts now started to show blue patches where the moist panty fabric touched them. 

During the break, when most other girls went inside to get more to drink, Jane approached Diana. "It is almost time, Diana. Shall I just retire and report back or do you think it is acceptable enough?"

"I would like to watch, please. I've thought about this but never tried, so I might learn something." They set out for some trees, still on the lawn but more secluded and not too close to the others. Diana looked Jane over. "Your uniform still is so spotless, it must be exciting for you to consider going into it. Are you going to wet first?" Jane pondered the question. "It would be the most logical, but it might also spoil it. Without weeing it would not show at all, I suppose. That also has something, a spotless neat uniform with only one nice little secret." Diana swallowed and felt that her throat was dry. She now became aware of a growing pressure in her own bowels as well.

Oh boy, this could get out of hand. Looking down to her beautiful flashy red uniform, she imagined what her panties would look like after doing it. No visible stain, just a hump, that would be it. They would probably peek out under her tiny skirt, but not much more than normally. In fact, it might look considerably less suspicious than after a nice wee. "Jane, it would be a loss to spoil your warm wee. Your skirt is long enough to prevent showing anything anyway, as long as you don't bend over. Please first pee neatly in your uniform and then do the rest. My skirt is a bit shorter, so I'll do it without weeing." Jane was a bit shocked, really. "What? You want to do it as well? Gosh. But okay, it makes the decision a lot easier. I suppose squatting is out, it leaves not enough room, does it?" 

They decided to keep standing up, and just do it right there, with no more fuss. Jane simply looked down to her legs and skirt and began to wet herself firmly. After hours of anticipation and together with the excitement of what was yet to come, this already brought her almost to orgasm. But except for her sleek legs getting a bit shiny in the sun, nobody would have seen anything special, her heavy breathing not included. "And now for the big part," she whispered. With still more warm wee sloshing around somewhere up her skirt, she triggered another function. While her knuckles turned white and with trembling knees, Jane simply did it while standing on the open grass in front of the mansion.

Over a few seconds, her panties began to bulge down and stretched out to accommodate the extra contents. Diana could see nothing but the excited face of Jane, because her skirt was just long enough to keep her panties covered, but what happened was clear enough. Jane moaned and closed her eyes. "I did it. I actually did it. Oh God I feel so childish. And that in my public uniform." Instinctively she pulled the hem of her skirt down a bit, as if trying to cover up. But there was no need for that. Even skimpy white cheerleader skirts can successfully hold secrets. 

Diana could not stand it any longer. She put her hands in her sides, parted her legs a tiny bit, and threw her hair over her shoulder. She remained a traditional girl, some things just had to be done in the proper way. Jane swallowed and looked her over from top to toe, a very pretty woman in a terribly exciting yet innocent outfit, sleek, long legs, playful high red boots, very short flaring skirt... Diana took a breath and pushed. Because she did not have to wee, absolutely nothing could be seen. Jane held her own breath while Diana went back 28 years in time.

Any innocent passer-by would have noticed nothing, absolutely nothing. But Diana felt exactly what happened in her panties, and it almost was too much for her arousal system. With her teeth grinding together, she held her pose to the millimetre, and let everything happen in silence. She could almost feel her panties slowly and curiously peeking out from under her skirt. But it was over before she knew it. And there they stood, in their full glory, with messed uniforms and panting for breath. 

For a few moments, they looked at each other almost in disbelief. Had they actually...? It was certainly not visible, and the feeling of wetness up their skirts was much more prominent than anything else. But when Jane carefully stepped forward, she let out a shriek: "Yo! That's different!" In a reflex, she went through her knees a bit and wanted to reach up her skirt to feel the bulge back in her panties, but she could constrain herself and eventually took some steps as normally as possible.

"Yuck! It certainly is a weird feeling! Heavy and bumping around." Diana now also moved, and experienced the same sensations. It had something, but still the feelings of childish humiliation prevailed. "It's a bit like walking without a bra," she giggled. Turning around, she asked Jane to look if her panties did not peek out. They did. "But you really can't tell why," Jane assured her. "It looks just as if your skirt rode up a bit, not as if your panties came down." Carefully and slowly, both girls returned to the exercise ground. 

Crossing out into the open with their messed panties almost in sight was exciting, but participating in the next practice session in this state would be to much. Without telling the others which secrets they carried up their little skirts, they took part in some casual conversation, tried not to stand with their feet apart, and took great care to keep their panties covered. After a few minutes they continued their prudent stride towards the toilet and rolled out their load, followed by a quick but thorough cleanup in the bath room. Their spoiled panties went straight into the washing machine; neither of the girls was really interested to look at the damage, contrarily to their normal habits of inspecting every stain in front of a mirror.

As expected, the idea had been more fun than the actual deed and the after play was quite a hassle. But with fresh panties on, they realized what they had done and that they still wore the same clothes, and hurried to the bar to fill up with liquid again. Firmly sitting on the bar stools again, with their skirts thoughtfully tucked under their bums, they chimed their glasses. It had been fun, they admitted, in a sort of way. And the experience they gained could come in handy in emergency situations. But whatever this did to you, it surely turned you on like hell. 

The rest of the afternoon training session went without major incidents. Most girls had taken the opportunity to put on dry panties, so almost everybody had her favourite "clean slate" experience during or after the practice. For Ann, it was the third time this day that she went into dry clothes, and it really got her going. This time, it was no accident or sneaky wetting, but a full public demonstration of a cheerleader disgracing her pretty uniform and being proud of it, with a notice to the other girls before. Diana and Maureen opted for the "at ease" variant after an especially hard stretching exercise and relaxed a bit too much. A stained pair of panties quickly attracts more stains, so eventually they just used their personal toilets and let it rip. The other girls did not do something in particular, they all just happened to have dark bottoms in their panties after the exercises were over. 

The cooking and evening dinner were largely a repetition of the events during lunch, only wetter. Since they now had been drinking and wetting for over eight hours, most girls just couldn't control themselves any more. It was not only a mental abandoning of rules, their bodies really got used to leaking almost continuously in their underwear. When they had discovered this phenomenon quite a while ago, most of the girls thought it was just wishful thinking, but a few embarrassing accidents after the play was supposedly over had made them think twice. This effect was very real. Of course, it also had to do with the complete state of saturation they kept their bodies in: whatever came out was immediately replenished. When you drink a litre of liquid every hour, you know what you can expect. 

After the dishes were done and the kitchen floor mopped, Diana called for a meeting. "Alright girls. Now for some planning. We have to wash our uniforms and get them dry in the morning, to start the new day fresh and clean." Some giggling. "That means: undress now and change. I don't care what you want to wear this evening, we'll stay here at the mansion anyway so just pick something comfortable. Don't count on wetting too much, I think we'll be inside most of the time. Stop drinking if you want to sleep. Bed-wetting is out, as you will understand. We can't abandon ALL rules. Okay?" The squad nodded. "Just fight it out who can use the shower first, I think there are two bath rooms here, yes Janice confirms it, so it should not take too long. I want to assemble in the billiards room at eight. Cindy and I have some surprises for you. That's all." 

Janice and Melissa, who had been wetting until just before the meeting, decided to quit and went to the bath rooms. The rest got outside for a last dribble, and the usual skirt-and-sweater-spoiling just before changing and cleaning up. Diana and Ann found enjoyment in the lawn's sprinkler system. They casually walked over the grass and tried to catch the water jets under their skirts, which wasn't easy at all. They had to ran and jump all over the place and got soaked to their skin from both warm and cold sources at the same time. Jane and Maureen decided to go adventurous and went into the woods, climbed into trees, weed in their panties while sitting on low branches, causing green stains on their blue bums as well, and went back through thick wet ferns that left their skirts as wet as those of Diana and Ann. 

Cindy and Alice looked for something extra. Getting wet was great, but it could be better. Both of them had again put on new dry panties after the meeting, and their uniforms were still almost stainless. They could easily have gone out to cheer up a football game despite the wet games they had played during the day. But Alice had had an idea and they both had taken off their high white boots, which were about the only garments that should not get too dirty. To retain the visual silhouette, they had put on white knee socks and white fabric sneakers.

When they got outside, they felt some strange excitement, as if wearing brand-new uniforms or such. In the low sunlight, they inspected each other's outfit and really liked it. Alice pulled up her skirt a bit higher, which made Cindy smile and do the same. Both they took great care to keep their pale blue panties absolutely spotless, again enjoying the game of "could, but won't." Hand in hand, they went around the premises, looking for the opportunity they wished for. The ultimate spoiling experience. 

With Ann and Diana hurtling over the lawn in the background, yelping and laughing, the couple spotted a flower bed that was being reconstructed. Somebody had ploughed up the ground. But the flower bed was within reach of two sprinklers and had already got quite muddy. Cindy stopped dead in her tracks and knew they had found it. Then, Alice poked her in her side and pointed towards the other side of the low wall behind the flower bed. Cindy started to blush. It could not have been better. As if on command, the sprinklers now stopped while Diana and Ann sopped inside to dry and change.

The dark muddy flower bed lay silent in all its naughty glory, black and silver in the sunshine. Alice swallowed and looked over her friend, especially her shiny white shoes, socks, and skirt. Her blue-and-white sweater that closely followed the contours of her nice breasts would also be quite susceptible to stains, let alone her panties, and of course her long, blond hair. And Cindy gazed back, paying special attention to Alice's legs, breasts, and skirted hips. That skirt made her go wild. She felt something stir in her loins and hoped it would just be the anticipation of another wet treatment. But her heart rate rose above healthy values, and a tiny little spot appeared in her panties between her legs. 

Carefully, holding hands, they stepped off the paved path and put their feet into the black soil of the flower bed. Their impeccable white shoes immediately picked up dark spots and before they had reached the middle of the area, both girls had lost their pristine image and sported very muddy shoes and socks indeed. But above the knee, they still looked neat and pretty. Cindy looked at Alice, Alice looked back. "Like our very first time?" Cindy whispered. Alice's face broke open in a wonderful smile: "Yes! That would be wonderful!" 

They turned towards each other and embraced, rubbing their chests tightly together. Soon, their crotches followed, and when Alice grabbed Cindy's bum through her skirt, Cindy let out a low moan and firmly pressed her left thigh between Alice's legs. Alice reacted almost immediately and peed straight into her uniform, soaking her panties and both her and Cindy's skirt right away. When Cindy felt her friend's warm gift rushing down her thigh, knee, and lower leg, she gave up and wrapped herself around Alice's legs as well. Openly riding with her panties on Alice's thigh, she clung herself tightly to her friend's warm soft body. 

Alice now could not hold back herself any more and followed Cindy's lead. Since she was already wetting herself, it took her little time to reach her climax, and moaning and groaning she felt her instincts take over. Cindy still had not wet, but was clearly well under way to orgasm as well. Alice now hit her top and collapsed, dragging Cindy with her. She ended up on her back in the mud, with Cindy on top, straddling her in a very explicit pose. Cindy was not yet finished. Neatly covered up by her still stainless white skirt, her blue panties pounded on her friend's thigh and her blond hair wove back and forth as she lived out all her dreams. Alice pulled up her legs a bit to give more back pressure, and as she felt the cold water of the drenched flower bed creep through her skirt and sweater, she reached up to Cindy's breasts that challengingly bobbed up and down in front of her eyes.

That was the last thing Cindy could take. While she threw her head backwards and gave out a prehistorical yell, she flooded her panties and everything else with a biblical flood, only to crush down on Alice while the spasms and shock bolts of her orgasm took possession of her body. Her little skirt still covered everything up neatly. Too neatly. Alice firmly grabbed Cindy and rolled over, splashing black mud all over her virginal friend and turning them both into, well, totally different creatures. They fondled and petted each other for a while, worked themselves up to another shattering orgasm, thoroughly spoiled their outfits and especially their panties, and finally ended up sitting with their legs apart and their panties deeply buried in the mud, with what once were white skirts neatly draped around their hips. 

After a warm kiss, they helped each other up and looked themselves over. It was terrible. Literally everything was covered with thick, black mud, and their uniforms could scarcely be recognized as such. Their legs were a messy mixture of mud and wee, and what was inside their panties was completely unknown. Slowly they walked back to the path and rounded the low wall, to the wonderful thing Alice had spotted before. Holding each other firmly, they let themselves fall backwards into the swimming pool. The chilly water made them shriek, but their mutual warmth made up for this slight discomfort. Carefully and lovingly they started to rinse out each other's outfit and hair, and soon the worst of the mud had disappeared. They did not want to catch a cold, so as soon as they were a bit passable again, they climbed out of the pool and walked towards the mansion, dripping all the way, where a hot shower was waiting for them. They did not need two bath rooms. 

Eventually everybody had gathered in the billiards room and the drinks going around now where considerably less in volume but more in content. Most girls had dressed casually, some in jeans, others in a summer dress or skirt. Diana wore the short skirt Cindy had made her buy, and got compliments of the others. But she was honest enough to contribute everything to Cindy's insight in fashion matters. "In fact," she said, "that is exactly the reason why I wanted to have you all gathered here. As the new season starts, I want to have new uniforms. I know that our current uniforms are only one year old, but they have been slightly overwashed and I think we need a better image anyway."

"What do you mean, image? What's wrong with our image?" Alice asked. "Nothing, really, but the way in which we are dressed now is historically based on a majorette look. We still have high boots, like for marching in a parade, while most cheerleader teams have sneakers. It does not matter much, but it's a clear difference. For the rest, some of us think that we could use a bit more challenging image, yet innocent. Something like, 'the board made us wear this, we cannot help looking this way,' and then happily prancing around in the most daring outfit possible." Jane smiled: "Shocking pink?" Melissa put a glass of brandy in front of Jane and told her to shut up. 

Cindy now took out a sketch pad and some colour pencils. "I have been thinking about this for a while and got some ideas." She quickly sketched the outline of a girl wearing a cheerleader uniform, which caused some reactions of amazement and admiration: "Hey, you're good at this. Let me see." With some touches of colour, Cindy built a few drawings of what she had in mind for their new uniform. It consisted of a tight short white turtleneck sweater with long sleeves, a pleated white skirt that was quite wide at the bottom and had a narrow contrasting band of colour at the hem, and low sneakers that matched the colour band. "No socks?" Ann asked. "Well, short white socks can of course be added, and knee socks are also a possibility. But I try to keep in mind what we will use these uniforms for, and socks are always a bit in the way," Cindy smiled. "And some other teams also don't wear socks. I know, I notice such things. Still, socks are the easiest garments to vary with." 

"Of course the colour details can be chosen at will. I have made them blue, like we have now, but there are endless other possibilities." She sketched some other girls, some in quite explicit poses this time. Everybody giggled. With a few lines of pencil, Cindy put down two nice accents, one in red and grey, the other in red and yellow. She made the shoes match the accents on the skirts and then filled in the skin colour to see the whole effect. "You forgot to colour in a detail," Jane remarked. More grinning. Cindy smiled: "I think that there is only one possibility here, in both colour schemes. It's my personal choice, but I assume you will agree." That said, she took a red pencil and carefully drew a triangle somewhere. "Sold!" Alice yelled. Diana smiled: in a sense, she felt she had had a certain influence with her completely red captain's uniform. 

"Don't you think it would be too much of a giveaway, red panties under a for the rest entirely white uniform?" Ann asked. Cindy shook her head. "No. This kind of outfit can have it. The skirt is so short and flexible, it gives the whole uniform a playful image completely unlike the often dull and serious uniforms of other squads. That's why we also can do without long socks. These outfits are not some shortened version of a military gala uniform, they are truly designed for stage impact. But they don't look at all like sexy dance or game gear. And in this way we will also clearly separate ourselves from that bunch of bulls that dares to call itself a football team." Melissa, who had dated about the whole team by now, made some grumbling noises, but the prospect of wearing this outfit next year made her swallow her complaints. "Besides, I've seen more teams wearing completely white uniforms with red panties. It's very pretty, and they always receive a lot of attention," Cindy added. 

"In fact, because the contrast is so clear, there's no point in covering the panties up too much. They'll show anyway and everybody will be on the lookout for them." With an eraser, Cindy now started to carefully shrink the skirt. When it became so impossibly short that anatomically something went wrong, she drew the hem line again. "Ideally, our panties are invisible when we just stand upright, but show as soon as we blink, especially from behind."

"Won't this give problems when we have wet?" Maureen asked. "Yes. But if you wet well enough, your whole bottom gets uniformly dark and then you need to bend over a lot to let them see the difference in colour," Diana replied. "No uniform skirt can hide every wetting except when we wear black panties. I think wearing red under a white super mini is about the best we can do. Wetting in public still should remain an exception, we shouldn't make it too easy." 

After some more not completely innocent drawings, the team decided on red and dark-yellow accents at the skirt's hem line, the school name in the same colours right on their breasts, and light fabric sneakers in the same basic colours. White turtleneck tight sweaters with long sleeves which would reveal their navels if they reached up with their arms and red hip- hugging kick pants completed their outfit. They knew that most teams would wear normal panties under the kick pants, but that was their problem.

To many girl's delight, Diana scrapped the hair lints and explicitly asked for an abundant bush. And because they would wear their uniforms as often as possible, also en route to games and such, she also made Cindy draw a nice warm jack in red and yellow. "Shall we do some tights or pantyhose, just in case?" Maureen asked. "You cannot wet with those things on, but it's better than having to change completely." But the others pointed out that when it got too cold to walk with bare legs, there would be no official game either, so the problem was not there. If they wore their uniform, they should be able to use it as well. 

Finally Cindy assembled a complete drawing. Putting the lines on paper more carefully this time, and using the whole size of her pad, she drew the picture of a beautiful girl with legs just a bit too long, black hair just a bit too long, and slightly too well-formed breasts. Some girls giggled and glanced at Diana, who blushed and concentrated on her glass of sherry. The cheerleader wore a very pretty white outfit, showing the maximum amount of leg but in a natural, innocent way. She stood with her legs nonchalantly apart and her hands high on her hips, challengingly looking right at the spectator.

Her panties were invisible, but you could almost feel their presence. With her tongue between her lips, Cindy even put in a few thin lines and something remarkably like a puddle, although it could also be just a shadow. When it was finished, the piece of paper went around the group and got completely approved of. Diana, still blushing, was the last one to look at it. But secretly she liked what she saw, very much in fact, and seemingly reluctantly she nodded. A cheer and a new round of drinks finished the design session. 

"Now how are you going to get these made?" Ann asked Cindy. "Well, I have a lot of contacts with clothing manufacturers, including uniform makers. Adapting a standard catalog model is not difficult, and almost nobody keeps cheerleader uniforms on stock these days. And we don't have weird requests, it's all pretty much standard gear. Just cleverly combined." Diana turned towards the two. "Apropos standard gear. Are you going to pursue your idea of plastic lining inside the skirt?" Ann opened her eyes widely: "What? Special skirts for wetting?" Cindy shrugged: "Well, I once inquired if such a thing would be possible, but they assured me there was not enough market demand for such a thing. And with these new skirts, lining would not help us much anyway. They are so extremely short that catching stains is almost impossible." 

"Last orders, please," Janice yelled. Diana looked at the clock on the wall. Just past ten. Not too bad, given the full programme of tomorrow. She clapped her hands and asked for silence. "Alright, some little things to close off. We have a couple of bed rooms, so pick one at will. Most rooms have two or three beds and don't even think of wetting them. Our uniforms are currently drying, so by tomorrow they should be wearable again. I propose to assemble for breakfast at eight, go shopping for food and things at nine, and have the first practice session around half past ten."

"So we don't put on our uniforms for breakfast?" Jane asked. "No, that's for later. If you want to wear a uniform all day, wait until Sunday. This also means that we don't start wetting until half past ten, so we can have a normal breakfast and no gulping contest. Sleep well." 

Diana sneakily observed which girls would share rooms. As expected, Cindy and Alice quickly got into a two-bed room together. Well, it was their life, and secretly Diana wanted to have her boy friend with her tonight as well. His warm embrace would be most welcome, after all the wetting and playing she had done. You cannot resolve all your needs just by weeing in your panties with your uniform on. She slowly changed into her night gown and went to bed, couldn't sleep at first, but eventually she fell away in a shallow slumber. 

Something woke her up again. She had to pee. No wonder, after all that drinking today. Carefully not to wake Ann, she got up and went to the toilet on the floor. No queue, fortunately. As she returned and passed by Cindy's and Alice's room, she could not resist listening on the door. Faint but recognizable, she heard the two girls whispering and giggling. Then the sound of a single bed under heavy load, and more giggling. It was unfair. They could have sex while the others could not. A soft moan now made it through the door, indicating that there definitely was more going on than just a friendly cuddle.

Diana kept listening until the noises from the room became to intimate for her, and then went back to her own bed with a glowing groin. Lying in the dark, she thought she could hear Cindy scream. With a sigh, she thought back to the moment she lost her virginity herself. After all, this was what happened right now to Cindy and Alice, in a sort of way. Diana slipped a hand between her legs and dreamed up her boy friend, hugging her pillow tightly. He was everything he should be to her, and it did not take long, after today's experiences. Burying her face into her pillow, Diana moaned the most satisfied moan possible and then almost instantly fell asleep. 

Cindy and Alice did not, at least not until dawn. 

(to be continued) 

