All stories contain female desperation, frantically searching for the Ladies', except for one male incident.
Sometime ago I wrote about my sightings of desperate women when I was working on a motorway service area. (See 'The Motorway Service Area') Some of the best sightings came from coaches on shopping trips before Christmas, so the next year I decided to see where they were going. The coaches were dropping their passengers at a small open space where several major roads met at the edge of the main, pedestrian, shopping area. This open space was crossed by several footpaths and underground pedestrian crossings (called subways in England), and had badly signposted public toilets. Since this open area, hardly big enough to be called a park, was also a popular meeting point, it was easy to hang about there and watch the coaches arriving. Some passengers, almost all women, were in considerable need of a pee. Here is a selection of the best sightings, collected over several years. I have named them to help me remember them.
Black Coat
Two women about 25 to 30, one in jeans and an anorak, the other in a long black coat over jeans are the subjects. Black coat was slightly ahead of the other, and was definitely trying to hurry her along. I first saw these as they were crossing the open area, heading for the public toilets, and was attracted by the urgency in Black coat's walk. She had both hands in her coat pockets, as if trying to keep warm, but my experience at service areas had taught me about women with their hands in their coat pockets, and I moved for a closer look at her. As I had suspected, while she had one hand in her pocket normally, her right hand was in the slit behind her pocket and most definitely pressed hard between her legs. I kept pace with her for the 50m to the Ladies', and she was holding herself all the way. Several time she moved her hand about to get more pressure or to press on a different place, which suggested to me she really was struggling to hold back her pee. When she finally saw the Ladies' she almost ran the last 10m as the anticipation made her want to go even more. Her friend was following, walking normally and did not seem at all desperate, which was a shame as her anorak would not have covered her holding her crutch.
The French Girls
A group of about 12 or 15 girls about 20, all talking French, all wearing jeans, some very tight fitting, came hurrying out of a subway onto the open area. One, a tall slim blonde, about the third or fourth in the group, was definitely holding between her legs as she climbed the steps. The leading girl came straight to me, as the first person she saw, and asked me if I knew where the 'Ladies' Toilets' were. I could not resist telling her I did not know, pretending to be completely disinterested. Other girls in the group were looking round the open area anxiously, and not seeing a Ladies', asking anyone they met, male or female, where the toilets were. Several of the girls were openly holding themselves, not constantly but a long press between their legs until they felt their urge was under control and they could let go. Remember this was a public place in broad daylight, and no girl was going to hold her crutch unless she absolutely had to. Of course someone they asked told them the way, and shouting to each other in French they ran off towards the Ladies', still about 100m away. I could not follow, only watch from a distance, but several of them were holding between their legs as they ran, so they must have been nearly frantic to pee. Had they gotten the change they needed to get in the cubicles? Were there enough cubicles for them all? Since this was not a tourist destination, I could not work why they were here. The state they were in, they must have been on the coach for several hours, since even on a cold morning a normal girl of 20 should be able to wait at least 3 hours before she is so bad she has to hold her crutch in public.
Mother and Daughters (1)
The mother was about fifty, the daughters were in their twenties. All were about average height and tending toward overweight, not at all attractive, and dressed in a very 'working class' manner wearing long quilted anorak type coats over trousers or jeans, none of which fitted them particularly well. Normally they would not have been worth a second glance, but all of them were almost hobbling as they came out of the subway onto the open area. Seeing the 'Toilets' sign pointing vaguely across the space, Mother was saying 'Over there. Can you see them? They must be somewhere here.' 'Come on, quick!' Daughters were heading into the open space, clearly not knowing where exactly they were going, but there was an air of panic about their actions. Mother was struggling to catch up, and all three were finding it difficult to walk fast. Unfortunately they were going in the right direction, and soon saw the next sign, which most people missed, but perhaps desperation had made their vision sharper. This directed them along a path past some ornamental gardens, up and down a series of steps. By this time all three had their hands in their coat pockets, pressing very near to, if not between their legs, and one daughter was saying 'Quick! Quick!' though she was actually behind the others. As they climbed the first short flight of steps she was saying 'How much further?' and then, seeing more steps, 'Oh no! I can't manage any more steps. Are you sure this is the right way?' She was now frantic, nearly in tears, whimpering 'Please no more steps– I can't manage it. I can't walk much further. Where are they? I can't bear it any more, I want to go...' and other similar expressions of desperation. She really was in a terrible state, almost incoherent with desperation, as bad as any woman I have ever seen. The other two were not saying anything, perhaps too engrossed with their own bladder problems, but they all managed to keep hobbling along, and over the next flight of steps saw another sign to the toilets, then the entrance to the Ladies'. There was no frantic dash over the last 10m, I do not think they were capable of walking any faster, they just staggered into the Ladies' and the relief they needed so badly. This was a bitterly cold morning with freezing fog warnings on the roads, and very few coaches arrived that day. Their coach must have been delayed by the road conditions, and they must have been waiting for hours to get into the state they were in.
Mother and Daughters (2)
My first sight was a girl in her mid twenties, average height and build, brown hair, wearing a black leather knee length skirt and black jacket. She was leading a shorter girl, about two years younger, dressed in an 'old–fashioned' style, wearing loose dark blue trousers and short anorak type jacket, and a taller woman of about 50. They were crossing the open area towards the second 'toilets' sign, walking quite fast, which suggested they were desperate. As she got to the second sign leather skirt, several meters ahead of the other two, stopped and turned round, using this action to really cross her legs tightly, and called 'Hurry up!' to the other two. When they caught her up, blue trousers, perhaps surprised at still not being able see the Ladies', asked 'How much further?' and then pressed her hand between her legs for about 5 seconds. Leather skirt continued to lead them along the path with several short flights of steps, always ahead, always trying to hurry the other two along, though it was the one in blue trousers that was slowing them down. Mother was between the two and did not seem to be in any great need of a pee. Going up the first flight of steps was an extra strain for blue trousers, because she had to hold her crutch again, pulling her hand away as she reached the level path. The next flight of steps she was holding herself again, and this time she did not let go after the steps. Her anorak was too short to hide her doing this, so there was absolutely no doubt that she was holding her crutch to keep her pee back. Obviously embarrassed by having to do this, (it was daylight and plenty of people about) she was holding in a way I had never seen before, with her hand pressing on the top of her thigh and her first and second fingers reaching sideways to press on her wee–hole. At the top of the next steps, and still no sign of the Ladies', leather skirt had to stop and twist her legs together, allowing the other two to catch up. As she started walking again she said 'I'll have to go anyway soon.' Or maybe 'I'll have to go anywhere soon,' I could not hear exactly. This, coupled with her tense and very anxious expression, made me think she was actually about to wet herself, and I moved closer to look for pee running down her legs. In reply, her mother said something like 'the loos must be here somewhere. If not, can't you go behind somewhere?' The other girl was still holding her crutch, and did not say anything, even though she looked to be the one that would need to go first. In fact there was nowhere they could 'go behind' except a few ornamental shrubs 60cm high and a low wall with a main road the other side. Unfortunately they had kept walking during this exchange, and leather skirt suddenly saw the Ladies' and called 'There it is!' and covered the last 5m at a fast jog. I was close enough to her as she went in to see that her legs were still dry. Blue trousers, still holding her crutch, kept going at the same speed, probably the fastest she could walk, but made it without any wet mark on her trousers. The next week the toilets were closed "for maintenance," and there was not a single desperate woman wanting to use them. If only they had done this maintenance a week earlier, because it was over 400m to the next toilet, with no directions and not at all very obvious. Would these two have made it, or would they have gone 'behind somewhere'?
Black Mini–Skirt
A group of three or four couples came out of the subway and were looking round the open space, very definitely searching for the toilets. They soon saw the next signpost (unfortunately!) and were heading that way when one, a petite girl about 22 wearing a very short black skirt, pulled away from the group and sat on the low wall by the path, legs absolutely knotted and leaning forward hugging her knees. The rest of the group kept walking, except one man, perhaps her partner, who looked back and rather irritably waved to her to get up. Looking very unhappy, she did, and tried to catch him up, though walking seemed to be a struggle for her. She had just caught them up, at the top of a short flight of steps, when, again, she virtually collapsed onto a seat by the path, legs twisted in a knot, and sitting on her hands as she bent forward. This time her partner went back, grabbed her arm, and pulled her to her feet, ignoring her protests and telling her something quite forcibly. I was catching them up by this time, but not near enough to hear what they were saying. With her partner helping her alone, she managed another 30m, about half way to the toilets, before she pulled away from him and sat on the wall by the path. Legs tightly knotted, sitting on her hands, bent forward with her shoulders hunched, and, as I was now close, I could see she was biting her lower lip, this was a girl who was absolutely desperate and fighting with all her strength to hold her pee. Her partner was getting fed up with her now, and gestured angrily to her to keep up with him. Didn't he know what her problem was? If he did, he had no sympathy for her, and no one else in the group seemed to have any interest in her plight. She forced herself to start walking again, and was going down the last flight of steps, in sight of the entrance to the Ladies', when she sat down yet again. This time she just dropped down on a step, without any warning, adopting a sort of crouch where she might have been sitting on her heel instead of the step. She said something to her partner, who ignored her and continued on his way to the gents', and then she stood up and made a run for the Ladies'. Close behind her, I was able to see that both the step and the back of her skirt were dry, and that she was walking normally on the way back. Had she really been so desperate that she had to keep stopping to get herself under control? Why else would she behave like that? Why didn't her partner, or any of the other women in the group show any sympathy for her, when she was so obviously suffering? Had she been too embarrassed to tell them she was desperate, and were they equally embarrassed to see her and pretending not to notice? One final thought. How long had she been waiting to go, and what state was she in as the coach crawled through the busy Christmas traffic? And who would have liked to be her partner who must have been sitting next to her?
She Needed an Excuse to Run
I had moved over to one of the coach drop–off points, and this tall, well built, girl in her twenties, in tight jeans, was one of the first off a coach. She took a few hurried steps, and then stopped with her legs crossed, as if to get her bearings. This was the one place where the signs to the 'toilets' were clear and direct, and she seemed to have spotted this. Looking in the direction of the toilets she started waving wildly as if she had seen someone she knew. Then she set off at a run, towards this friend, and the toilets. After about 30 or 40m she stopped, twisted her legs tightly together and half crouched. Then stood up and started waving again. Interested, I was trying to catch her up and I was also trying to see whom she was waving to, as nobody seemed to be responding. However, she started running again, only to stop and twist her legs into a half crouch again after about 25m, then repeat her waving before making another run, perhaps not quite so far this time. I still could not see whom she was waving to. One more twisting, crouching stop, more waving, and then she was in sight of the Ladies' and ran all the way inside without meeting anyone. Only then did I realize what she had been doing. She was so desperate to pee that she just had to run to get to the Ladies', and she was using the waving to an imaginary friend as the excuse to run. Running, and anticipation of a pee, had made her need even worse, so she had to keep stopping to get control before she wet herself. An elaborate pantomime that only drew more attention to the state she was in.
She Had to Wait
A group of four women between 20 and 30, who I first saw wandering about the open area, were clearly looking for the toilets. One particularly caught my attention, taller than the others, quite slim, wearing a short jacket and very tight fawn trousers which showed a very clear 'high–cut leg' knickers outline. Her tense appearance and frequent leg crossing convinced me that she needed to pee quite badly. The other three were acting normally, and after some aimless wanderings which failed to discover the Ladies', they were starting to head back to the subway to the shopping center. Fawn trousers seemed to be protesting, making 'there must be a loo here somewhere' type gestures, then a very deliberate leg crossing and twisting round with her knees bent to emphasize how much she wanted to pee, but the others were losing interest and wanted to get shopping, and were heading for the subway. Reluctantly, and looking far from happy, fawn trousers followed, looking more uncomfortable than ever. She had her hands in her trouser pockets, either pulling them tighter between her legs, (if that was possible,) or away from her bursting bladder. I did not follow them, but unless she found a Ladies' in one of the shops, she was a long way from any other public toilet, and might have been in for a long wait and a miserable morning's shopping with a bursting bladder.
Middle–Aged Ladies
A group of six or seven middle–aged Ladies, all wearing overcoats or raincoats, came hurrying out of the subway entrance. One, a slim woman about 40, wearing fairly tight green cords, was leading by 5 or 10m, but after a few paces into the open area, and not being able to see the Ladies', she turned back to the others, doubling over with her legs twisted in a knot, hands clasped across her bladder area, and called 'Hurry up, I can't see them here,' then started walking again. For a time none of the could work out where the Ladies' was, and they wandered aimlessly and anxiously about the open area. Green cords had to double over and knot her legs several times, either out of sheer necessity, or to show the other how desperate she was. Most of the others had one or both hands in their coat pockets, and as they wandered about some would stop and obviously press one or both hands into their crutch under their coat. One, about 45 with short graying hair, still with a good figure, wearing a shorter coat over a tight check skirt, twice had to stop, cross her legs, and do a wonderful double handed press between her legs. Did she think that because she had her hands in her coat pockets nobody could see what she was doing, or was she too desperate to care? Eventually one spotted the next 'toilets' sign and they were all off at a fast walk, some with hands between their legs, other holding their bladder area. I wasn't in a position to follow them without risking being noticed, so I missed any last desperation, but they all seemed to want to pee very badly indeed.
On Her Own
A single woman of about 40, slim with long brown hair, what I would describe as an ex–hippy type, wearing tight brown cords and a short jacket. She was another who seemed to expect to find the Ladies' as soon as she reached the open area, and when she could not she stopped and crossed her legs very tightly. Her body language was screaming 'desperate' and close up she had a stressed, worried look, her mouth tightly shut and biting her lower lip. One hand was pushed in the slit pocket of her cords, and she looked as if she was gripping her knickers and trying to pull them tight between her legs. From behind I could see the outline of her little bikini knickers, and also how hard she was clenching her thighs and bum as she walked and more so when she stopped. The poor woman just could not find the way to the Ladies'. She must have walked three times round the open area, looking at every likely, and unlikely, place a toilet might be, and she was having to stop and cross her legs more and more frequently. Her expression was becoming more and more worried, and I could imagine her saying to herself 'I must hang on– the loos must be here somewhere. I must be able to wait until I find them.' Of course she had to see the sign eventually and then she was off along the path as fast as she could walk without actually running. Something about her, and her quiet desperation, really turned me on, and if I could have either covered the 'toilets' sign or locked the Ladies' door I would have done so.
A Mystery
I was outside the Ladies' when a woman about 35 came running along the subway from the opposite side from the shopping center. She was wearing a very distinctive fawn top coat, and I did not have time to see if she was holding her crutch under the coat before she was in the Ladies', but she had her hands in her coat pockets, and from the way she was running she was absolutely desperate. When she came out of the Ladies' she headed towards the shopping center at a fast walk. I assumed she had lost her way looking for the Ladies' and the extra walking was nearly too much for her. About five minutes later she was back, leading a group of family and friends to the toilets. There was no mistaking her fawn coat, and she did not go in the Ladies' again. I can offer two suggestions for her behavior. Possibly all these were others off a second coach from the same town. If so, why was she the only one to want to go off the first coach when so many wanted to go from the second one? Or, they were all from the same coach, but she had been so desperate to pee that as they approached the town she had been begging the driver to stop if he saw a Ladies'. They had not seen one, and as they got near their destination she was at the front of the coach ready to jump out the second they stopped. The coach could have stopped at traffic lights by the entrance of the subway she came from, and there was a 'toilets' sign there. Had she seen the sign and jumped out and made a run for it, then met the rest of the party at the normal dropping off point. To do that she must have been so desperate that she did not care about anything except getting to a Ladies' as quickly as possible. I would appreciate any other suggestions that might explain her behavior.
The Coach Driver
The coach dropping–off point was a definite 'No Waiting' area, so when a coach had dropped all the passengers it would drive off to park somewhere else, but this one the driver got out after his passengers, then, after a quick look round, locked his coach and set off towards the toilets at a fast walk, increasing to a jog. As he got out of the coach he had his hand in his trouser pocket, and as he struggled to shut and lock the door with one hand, I could see that his other hand was pushed deep into his pocket and was gripping his cock. All the way to the gents, which he seemed to know the way, he was holding his cock, usually with one hand, sometimes with both hands in his pockets and squeezing it from both sides. He walked back to the coach nearly as fast, but with both hands swinging free. He was lucky and did not get a parking ticket, but he must have been desperate to risk the �60 fine to have a pee.
Final Thoughts
All of these events described took place in the morning, in daylight, in a very public place, and for these women to behave as they did, they must have been absolutely desperate to pee. I do not think any had been drinking, so this was the result of a long, slow, build–up, wanting to go steadily more over an hour and a half or even two hours. Since most of the main routes into town had some sort of service areas on them, there was no reason why they could not have stopped for a pee and avoided having to wait so long. Since I cannot believe that all coach drivers are desperation fans and refused to stop, it seems that adult women would rather suffer serious desperation that be the first one to admit they need to pee. Did they sit on the coach, bursting, hoping that a stop had been arranged or that 'someone' would ask the driver to stop, as they passed the service areas, and only when it was too late and they were stuck in traffic near the town, almost wetting themselves, wish that they had spoken up? As with most sightings, I only saw the final panic and not the long, slow, build–up and their actions on the coach as they tried everything they knew to make the need more bearable. I was surprised at the number of women holding their crutch under their coat, since my general experience is that sober, adult women only hold their crutch openly in public when they think they are in real, immediate, danger of wetting themselves. Were all these women that desperate, or did they think that nobody could see what they were doing under their coat?
Paul Tester ( Correspondence and non–abusive comments always welcome, just click on the name )