How I Met Nichole
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

NOTE: This story has previously been posted on the Internet and was submitted to Bound2Burst by the author.

As I was driving home on the freeway yesterday, I noticed the car in front was weaving over the white line, so I decided to back off a bit and then overtake. As I passed the car I looked over and saw that the driver was a very attractive looking girl, probably about 19 or 20. She was holding the wheel with one hand, and was sitting rather lop sided, as if fiddling around on the seat with her other hand. It looked to me as if she was trying to retrieve something, which had fallen down beside her. She started to speed up suddenly, and I decided not to pass, so I backed off and fell in behind her.

I could see she now had two hands on the wheel, and was driving steady. After about 20 seconds or so she really slowed down, so I once again pulled out to pass her. As I did so, I glanced over, and she was looking straight ahead, sitting up straight almost leaning over the wheel.

I thought nothing more about her, until a couple of miles down the road when I pulled off to fill-up with gas. It was one of the newer style gas-stations, set up for 'pay at the pump', with room for four cars along one isle - two on either side. As I was opening the door to start gassing up, I hear quite a loud bang, followed by a man shouting. The car with the girl driver who I had seen a few minutes ago had pulled in to the other side of the island I was at, from the other direction, so her door was directly across the island from mine. She had nudged the car parked in front of her, and the driver had got out, and was really giving her a rough time. She had half opened her door and was looking up at him, quite defiantly. Any way the guy looked again at the area where she had nudged him, came back, shrugged his shoulders and said that "no damage was done - just be more careful next time!"

By this time the girl was standing up, just outside the car, but behind the door, so I could only see her from the mid chest up. But I saw her feet in sandals, with pink painted toe nails.

I was standing with the gas nozzle in my hand, ready to put it into my tank, when the girl looked over at me, rolled her eyes, shook her head and started to open the door. I grinned at her and asked -

"Are you OK, I thought maybe you were falling asleep at the wheel back there, you were weaving about quite a.... "

I stopped talking, speechless, and could only stare at her. She was very, very attractive, wearing khaki colored shorts, and a T-shirt which showed a good deal of bare, very flat tummy. She was wearing sandals, and had toes, pink nails, polish which were attached to a pair of very cute feet, which in turn were attached slender ankles, in turn attached to long, long legs suspended from very sexy slender thighs. Her hair was light brown, and her eyes were dark hazel. I guessed again that she was probably 19 - 20 years old.

But what had caught my attention and left me speechless, was her shorts !! They were soaking wet from well above her crotch down to the end. As she stood facing me, I could see the damp patch had spread about half-way across the front of her shorts. Clearly this very alluring young woman had wet her panties in a big way !! The margin of the damp patch faded gradually into the dry area, so I guessed she had wet her pants maybe a couple of minutes ago. Probably, I realised, starting to wet her pants made her slow down. After all, it must be very distracting for a girl to wet her pants while driving, so it would not be surprising that she slowed down quite a bit.

Anyway, it only took a second or so for me to take all this in, so I looked up at her face. She was blushing deeply, which made her look even more sexy !! There was no doubt she knew I had seen that she had wet her pants !! "Actually, I wasn't sleepy, I was trying to pull a garbage bag under me, covered with towels, because I....... "

Her voice trailed off, and she looked down at her crotch, sort of shrugged her shoulders and and waved her hands at me, palms towards me in a gesture of, well, clearly she didn't know just how to continue talking about it.

"Would you like me to bring you a cup of coffee from the store ?" I asked, really without thinking about it, impulsively.

"Oh yes, that would be wonderful" she said, her face relaxing into a lovely smile. "It's a bit embarrassing going in like this" she added, glancing down at her damp crotch again, and then at me.

"I understand" I said. "How do you like it ?"

"Two creamers, no sugar" she said.

I looked straight at her soaked crotch for a moment, realising that this was maybe the last time I would have such a visual treat, for when I brought her the coffee she would be sitting back in her car again.

She was clearly a little surprised at my second glance at her wet pants, for she blushed hard again, and just stammered sheepishly "W-what ?" Then she turned around to close the door, and I saw the whole back of her shorts was soaked, top to bottom, and side to side.

"I'll see you either here, or over there." I pointing towards the parking area.

She turned around to take the gas noxzzle from the pump, just nodded at me and bit her lower lip.

When I came out of the store, she was getting into the car, ready to drive away. She opened the window, and I handed her the coffee.

"You are very kind" she said quietly.

"Is there anything else I can do for you? " I asked as I handed her the coffee.

"Well", she said, "actually I am a little lost. Do you know the exit for --------- ?"

"Yes", I said, "but the best way is not by that exit, take the service road a mile or so further on.. Wait" I said suddenly with an idea, "pull over there, I'll show you on my map. I'll park beside you and show you."

"OK" she said.

After we had parked side-by-side, I got out of my car and walked across to hers. I unfolded the map and started to show her the route to take.

Suddenly without warning, it began to rain, quite hard.

"Can I, can I just sit in and show you?" I asked, almost apologetically.

"OK" she said, unlocking the passenger side door, and pushing it open for me as I walked around the front of her car.

So, I showed her the route on the map. I gave her the map!

"How much do I owe you for the coffee?" she said, reaching behind her seat for her purse.

"Nothing, it's on me!" I said.

"You are, very, very kind" she said quietly. "I would have thought all men would be too disgusted and embarrassed, and 'put off' to sit beside a '20-something' who had wet her pants!"

"No" I said slowly, and truthfully, "I'm neither disgusted, nor embarrassed, nor 'put off by you having wet your pants!"

The girl was quiet for a moment, obviously not knowing just what to say, or comment back on my remarks.

"Listen," I said quietly, "I have some clean dry towels in my car. Would you like them?"

"Oh sure!" she said "How much can I pay you for them?"

"That's OK" I said, "we can just do a switch. I'll bring them right over to your side."

"Mine are sopping wet !!" she exclaimed.

"Oh, that's OK" I said reassuringly. I paused, and took a deep breath - "I know this sounds kind of forward, and I don't mean to be, but in a few minutes you'll be driving down the freeway and I'll never see you again. I would really like to meet you again - how about a coffee sometime ?"

"Sure" she said. "That'll be really nice. You have been very kind to me, and I really like that in a guy ! My name is Nicole, by the way!"

"Here's my card" and I gave her my card, and wrote on it my personal email.

"Please contact me soon !"

"I sure will" she said.

"I'll get the towels" I went to my car, and brought back a couple of bath towels, and a folded garbage bag.

As I approached her car, I placed the clean towels and dry garbage bag on her lap. Nicole stood up holding on to the wheel with one hand and holding the clean towels with the other.

I picked up the wet towels and garbage bag. Nicole stepped out of the car, and placed the dry towels on her set, which she unfolded and straightened. Then she sat down contentedly.

"This feels wonderful" she said sounding delightfully happy. "If I were a kitten I'd be purring!"

Suddenly she sat up a little straighter, pressed her palms against the insides of her thighs as she squeezed her legs together.

"Maybe that coffee was not such a good idea!" she giggled

"Well, you've got two clean dry towels!" I said.

"I'll need them." She blushed and giggled again. "I'm too embarrassed to go into the ladies like this !"

Carefully I held the edges of the garbage bag containing the wet towels with my left hand, and extended my right hand towards her.

"My hand's wet!" she exclaimed.

"So's mine !" I lied back.

She put her right hand out towards the window and I grasped it firmly. Her hand was soft, warm, and very damp. I held her hand for a lingering moment, then gradually caressed my finger tips along hers as I let go.

"I look forward to seeing you again" she said softly. "Hopefully in drier times !"

"Dry or wet, that's fine with me" I said.

She smiled at me, closed the window, and started the engine as I walked back to my car. I opened my door and unfolded the garbage bag with her saturated towels on top, onto my seat.

Then I got in, and sat down. The towels were very wet, and very warm. They squished as I sat, and I could feel the warm wetness soaking through my jeans, so I squirmed around a little to enhance the sensation.

I looked out of the window. Nicole hadn't driven away. She was staring at me, mouth partly open, eyes wide with surprise. Then she suddenly accelerated and was gone. I wondered if I would ever see her again.

