Title: Loveseat

By: Mainstream

Teri was my house guest for the weekend. She had been over to my place several times while my husband Michael was away, just to keep me company. It was a very large house and I could often feel terribly lonely when nobody was around. Anyway, Teri made me feel much more comfortable, just being there to listen to me ramble.

She was very good at listening, and she had one other intriguing quality which I just adored. She always pretended to be girlish whenever she needed the bathroom.

She would say something like, "Oooh, I've got to go pee-pee", in a tiny voice, and then shuffle off down the hallway, courtseying, and holding herself between the legs. I thought it was adorably cute, and often got a twinge of warmth between my own legs when she did this.

Now I can't say that I expected her to be so eager to experiment. She had never shown any hints that she was into self-wetting like I am. I mean the cutie-child thing I thought was just part of her personality. But this night would prove that she was more than cute, she was my every fantasy.

It started like many other Fridays we had spent together. We dressed up together in my room (she always borrowed my clothes), picking out the most sensual things that we could think of wearing to our favorite dance club. This night we both decided on tight fitting blue jeans. I wore a light pink blouse, and Teri chose a yellow half-shirt. She liked to expose her tummy.

Like many other times, the dance club proved boring. When I said it was our favorite, I might have been more accurate in saying it was the best of very few choices. We had several beers each, made a half-hearted attempt to flirt with the same old guys, and then headed home with some videos. It's probably just as well, I was thinking, because Michael didn't much like the idea of me hanging with Teri in clubs while he wasn't there.

We got home, and there was a six pack of beer in the fridge. Sitting on the loveseat together, we began to watch the videos, and down the beers. It wasn't very long into the first horror picture, that I began to get fidgety. I didn't get up and excuse myself, because I like to play a little game. I try to wait until Teri goes first, and I always win. Of course she never knows I'm playing the game, so it's not very hard.

After about two beers each, Teri stood up to get her third. Just as she was reaching the kitchen she grabbed her crotch and said, "Ooooh, ooooh...I've got to potty, Jenny": and turned to go down the hallway. Only this time she stopped about halfway there.

She turned back around and said in a serious voice, "Jennifer, do you have to use the bathroom?" She was looking at me with a stern, knowing look. My mother couldn't have done it better.

"Oh, not really," I lied.

"Well, if you're going to hold it, then so am I", she said. Then she walked back and sat defiantly on the loveseat next to me.

I was taken aback. I didn't know what to think. Just the thought of her making herself uncomfortable was making me squirm with desire. I wondered how far she would push it.

"You see, I've been noticing that you always hold it for a long time", she said. "And right now, judging from your crossed legs, and the way you've been acting the last half hour, I'd say you have to go pretty bad."

I did have to go pretty badly, but I made a determination in my head that moment, that she was not going to last longer than me. I knew her fairly well. Although we were nearly the same size, she was just a bit tinier than me. She was definitely a lot weaker than I was. I was quite sure that I could pick her up in my arms and carry her around if I wanted to, and I sincerely doubt she could do the same to me. I wasn't going to let this little girl outlast me.

"Teri, you had better go now. I don't want you to wet", again lying, "and I have every intention of waiting until you get up first."

"I want to wet, and anyway, you'll do it first. I'm not getting up until one of us loses."

So it was a contest. Who would last the longest. Of course it was going to be me. I mean she had no experience (or so I thought) at this sort of thing, and I did it all the time. It was completely unfair, but I didn't mind. I was looking forward to seeing her lose control.

About fifteen minutes later we had finished off the beers, and had gotten a couple of glasses and a pitcher of iced tea. A new video was on, a romance this time. Both of us were showing signs of fatigue. Teri had adopted the same cross legged posture on the loveseat, and had begun to rock forward curving her back periodically. At these times she would get a strained look on her face that was worth a million dollars. Later, after one such time, I made her open her legs to show me her crotch. I didn't want her cheating on me, after all. After she showed me that she was still dry, she clamped them together again, and grabbed her knees, bending so far forward that her long hair brushed the carpet.

I was glad to see that she was having such a hard time of it, because I had begun to doubt how much longer I could last myself. The need to pee was hitting me in strong waves now, and with the last wave I thought I was about to lose it. I had my hands under my bottom, and my wrists were helping squeeze my thighs together.

Another half an hour went by, and I couldn't believe Teri was still in control. Two times I was certain when she opened her legs there would be a damp spot there. She had refused to open them when I demanded, and was squeezing so hard she got red in the face. Her shapely bottom jutting away from her arched back, as she struggled for control. I thought the reason she wouldn't show me was because she had lost it, and didn't want to reveal her peed in crotch. But both times, when she finally recovered and the main danger had again passed, she quickly darted her legs apart long enough for me to see she wasn't wet.

My own torture was becoming worse. I didn't know I could keep from wetting under this much pressure, and was sort of amazed that I still had control. But, of course I tried not to let on that I was in so much trouble.

Teri didn't try to hide anything. It was obvious she was very desperate. I just knew she was going to pee first.

Then finally it happened....

She asked me to part my legs.

I couldn't believe it. First of all, she hadn't asked before, even through some pretty ugly struggles I had had. And I couldn't believe she thought I could lose, after all it was inconceivable. But the most unbelievable part was,... I had just wet!

I was sitting cross legged, with my hand forced into my crotch when the last wave had struck. I was squeezing with all my might, willing the pee back into me with every ounce of strength I had left. But I knew I had lost when I felt the warm liquid pushing into my panties. It forced its way out despite my best effort. How I dreaded the feel of it slowly working its way down my urethra, until it blasted past my last defenses. It was the most sensual feeling I had ever had, and I can't believe I didn't orgasm right then. My only hope was that Teri wouldn't notice until she had her own accident.

But she had called my bluff. My final hope was that not enough had escaped yet to make a spot. That hope was dashed too when unlocking my thighs made me lose it again. It was a good five seconds later when I finally managed to halt the stream. I was sitting there with my legs still apart and shaking, my whole body shivering with the strain and the pleasure. I was soaked halfway up my rear. Teri was staring at my crotch with her mouth open.

"Oh my God, you pissed your jeans!", she screamed at last. "I knew it! I had to check you after that last struggle. I could just tell you must've peed."

I looked down at myself. My piss had formed a pool around my crotch and was running off the vinyl onto the carpet below. When I saw it I just relaxed and let my piss come out. A long torrent shot into and then out of my jeans. Even sitting I was soaked to my knees, with the piss curling up around my butt. The warm liquid wicked up until the bottom of my blouse began to moisten.

Meanwhile, I looked over at Teri and was astonished that she was still dry.

"How can you still be holding it, all this time?", I asked, incredulously.

"I do it all the time", she smiled. "but, I think I couldn't have lasted another four or five minutes. Thank God you went when you did." With that she stood up and began to hobble in the direction of the hallway. Her hand was still in her crotch, as she shuffled in tiny baby steps.

The tight denim material was helping her, as was the motion of her walking, and I had no doubt that she was going to make it to the toilet. But I couldn't possibly let her get away unscathed, having humiliated me as she did.

I jumped up, feeling the wet cloth stick to my inner thighs. It was still warm, but cooling rapidly. I easily caught her from behind, she was moving so slowly. I grabbed her about the waist, where her bare skin showed, and pulled her around, back toward the sofa.

Once I got her there, I pulled her down so that she lay on top of me, face to face. Her legs were straddling my middle, and her barely covered breasts dangled close to my face. She struggled to break free, pushing both fists into the vinyl and straightening her arms. Her hair fell down from her right shoulder next to my cheek. Suddenly she stopped squirming, and her lower half became stiff with tension. I could see the look on her face.

She had to stop fighting to try to maintain control. Her thighs quivered as they pressed into my sides. Then I felt her hot pee slowly seeping onto my stomach and running down my blouse. Some of it ran down my abdomen into my crotch, rewarming the already wet panties beneath my jeans. It welled up under my back, and ran off the loveseat to join my mess on the carpet. She was losing all control at once.

Her expression changed from the reddened strain she had been showing to a relaxed ecstasy as she finally let go.

"That feels so good", she said. "What a relief, holding it hurt so bad. But relaxing my sore muscles at last is like an orgasm. You are cruel not letting me use the toilet like that, but you got what you deserve. How does my pee feel in your pants?"

"Like a hot sticky shower", I said, "and besides, both pairs of jeans are mine. So maybe you already know what your pee feels like in my pants. Right now I need to get these jeans off, and so do you I think."

Once we had stripped out of our wet things, I threw some towels on the floor, and we walked naked to my bedroom. Both of us ached from the contest, but it also made us hot for each other. I won't fill up this space with details of the sex we had, but I can tell you the weekend flew by much too quickly. I wish it could have lasted forever.

When my husband came back from his trip that Sunday evening he asked me if I had had fun with my little blonde friend. He selectively chose to forget her name when he wanted to get on my nerves. Well, I guess he'll never know just how much fun I had.

