Another Desperate Adventure
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by wriggling on September 25th, 2010 at 8:48AM

I recently attended a course for my job that meant getting up at six am and travelling for an hour. It's easier to travel by bus to get there, hence the painfullly early mornings.

After a few days of this, I was dead on my feet. I am a lady of lie ins and did not do well at getting up that early. I managed it for a while, but on the second week, I woke up to find I had overslept. With my bus due in approximately ten minutes, I brushed my teeth, put my hair up and dressed, then rushed out.

This was the beginning of the end! I had neglected to pee, truly unintentionally, but it wasn't a big enough urge to get worried about. Still half asleep, I bought a coffee at the bus station when I got off the bus to wake me up.

A vague part of my mind told me I would pee at the toilets when I arrived at the main building, but as I walked there and the caffeine started to kick in, it seemed stupid to waste an opportunity. I wouldn't get myself into a dire situation, but I could enjoy a full bladder throughout my day.

Throughout the morning, there was nothing major to report. I barely noticed my bladder at all - that is, until I stood up. Having spent most of the morning sitting, I stood to find my bladder was shockingly full. Tea and coffee had been brought round mid-morning and I had indulged in another drink, but my bladder felt as though there was a good deal more sloshing around in there!

I didn't dare stay stood up for too long because my desperation was increasing faster that I'd thought.

When we broke for lunch a few hours later, myself an a few friends went to a table together to eat. I was starting to squirm slightly - not noticeably - but I couldn't stop myself chugging a few waters due to the heat (small room; packed with bodies). This was a mistake I would later regret when the air con, situated conveniently in the wall right beside me, came on full force.

The leader announced at 3pm that we would be finishing early today and I had never been more grateful! People were hanging around and making small talk, but I managed to dodge the few that tried to collar me and scooted out as fast as I could.

I hot-footed to the bus station, my bladder really aching now.

As I reached the sliding doors, I saw my bus pulling in and was faced with a dilemma; the buses only run once an hour... But could I wait til I got home?

I got as far as queuing to get on before I realised, with a squirt, the answer to that was a very definite no.

I took a moment to compose myself and then turned and headed for the toilets. As I reached the doorway I saw there was a turnstile there and could not believe my bad luck. I was rummaging through my bag to find my purse, stamping from foot to foot in utter desperation when another woman came along and walked in. Apparently, the turnstile was just there for fucking decoration. 

I chucked my purse back in my bag, threw it over my shoulder and ran -yes, ran (the shame) - inside.

There was no queue, but the three cubicles were full. I was stepping frantically from foot to foot, my hands underneath my shirt, rubbing my poor bladder.

A toilet flushed and I tried to look calm and stop dancing but I couldn't stop wriggling. The woman who exited the cubicle looked quite alarmed to see a grown woman squirming like a child, but I had no time to care as I hurried in and dropped my trousers.

Even with EP encouraging me to be more adventurous with this fetish, I am still very pee shy. The woman who had just left had used the hand dryer, and as it abruptly turned off, the toilet suddenly seemed very quiet. My bladder was screaming at me to release but I was too self-conscious.

However, a few moments later, gravity took it's course and, with an audible gasp, I let go. My pee came out with incredible force and I just relaxed and enjoyed the relief.

Two hours later, after an hours wait and an hour journey, I arrived home. My sphincter muscles were exhausted and I was bursting to pee again. As I turned to shut the door behind myself, my hand gravitated automatically towards my crotch. I considered trying wetting again, but these were my good work trousers, so I went to change into jeans. However, the decision was made for me the second I stepped out of my trousers. My fingers still pressed firmly against my crotch, pee suddenly burst through my fingers. Not wanting to mess up the floor, I ran to the bathroom, pulled my knickers down and sat on the toilet - a few seconds to late, but no damage done :-P

