I wrote about our last experiment. We had great success chilling her bladder with an ice pack. Mary was intent on holding her bursting bladder much longer...she is usually so strong that way. She does it for me because it's the ultimate turn on for me. However, the ice pack on her pelvis broke her will in less that one minute.
So, I got to thinking about other ways to chill her. I wish we had a walk–in freezer, but we don't. I imagined using the freezer at the local pizza joint, but I knew the owner wouldn't appreciate the mess.
I thought about waiting until the cold weather returns, but that's months away.
All of a sudden, I knew the solution. We have a 2–quart enema bag hanging in the closet. We use it once a year, or so, if one of us gets "stopped up". We use warm water to release the stoppage. I started to dream about giving Mary an ice–cold enema while she had a swollen, bursting bladder. I knew the cold water plus the internal pressure on her bladder would give her a new challenge.
I called her at work around noon. I told her about my idea and she said "no way" and hung up on me. I called her back and said here's what I want her to do: I told her to avoid the toilet all afternoon. Come home with a full bladder, and we will discuss the enema later. She agreed.
Around 5:15 I prepared the water. We have a large glass pitcher that we use for iced tea. I put two trays of ice cubes in it and filled it with cold water. It looked beautiful, sweating in the humidity.
I wanted Mary to see it when she walked in. I put it on the table by the front door. Mary got home about 5:30. She walked in, saw the pitcher and said, "Hey, we need to talk about this!!!!!"
She said she held her pee all afternoon but wasn't interested in a cold–water enema. I told her that I had a new challenge that she could conquer. It would drive me crazy to see her chilled from the inside, struggling to hold her pee. It would be similar to the ice packs on the bladder!
She said it would be unfair to introduce the pressure of an enema on her already swelling belly. Normally, we would use a two–quart enema when we were stopped up. There was no way she could take a two–quart enema with her bladder already swollen with pee.
I told her I wanted to chill her from the inside. Two quarts of 32 degree water would surround her bladder and cause the greatest "pee challenge" she could ever imagine. (I thought that would be a selling point!!!!) She said: no way! She knew the water pressure would cause her to lose control in an instant. She didn't want to be set up for failure.
So, we started talking about the chill factor. I convinced Mary that a "small" 1–quart ice water enema would be a challenge and that I believe she could hold that amount for one minute or more before it broke her will to keep a full bladder.
Secretly, I knew she would be in big trouble. A few years ago I had a girlfriend with a dynamite bladder. She always amazed me with the volume she could hold. However, she did an ice water enema once for me. It took about 30 seconds to give her a one–quart ice water enema. After receiving the 1–quart enema, she lasted 5 seconds before she gushed her pee on the bed. The cold water and internal pressure was too much for her.
Mary said she thought she could handle one quart. She watched me carefully as I poured one quart of ice water in the enema bag. I hung the bag about 2 feet above. The filling would be very quick due to the 2–foot elevation.
I put the nozzle in Mary's anus. I reminded her that she has a strong bladder and should hold this small one–quart enema as long as possible. I was unprepared for what happened next.
I released the valve and I estimated Mary received about 16 ounces of ice water (half of the bag full). She yelped!!!! I never heard that sound before. She yelped in a high–pitched tone and said "STOP I am going to lose it!!!!!!!"
She immediately started to pee on the bed and also started to moan! The temperature difference between the enema ice water and her warm bladder made her pee seem to burn in her urethra. She said it made her very horny. I, of course, had a hard on waiting!
I told her to clamp down on her pee stream as soon as she could. I guess she gushed about 1/2 of her bladder contents before she stopped. Then we made love. I could still feel her swollen bladder when I entered her. She came with passion and said she liked my idea after all. She said we WOULD do this again! Next time, she said, knowing what to expect will make it easier to hold her pee longer.
Comments welcome at HoldMore@aol.com
By: Holdmore