Handsome Bastard
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Lord Rascal

PROLOGUE

'A lily-girl - not made for this worlds pain,

With blonde, soft hair close braided by her ears,

With longing eyes half veiled by slumberous tears.

Like greenest waters seen through mists of rain:

Whose pale cheeks whereon no love hath left its stain,

Red underlip drawn in fear for love,

And white throat, whiter than a silvered dove,

Through whose wan marble creeps one crimson vein.

Yet, though my lips could praise her without cease,

Even to steal one breathless kiss from her mouth,

Would O'ershadow the raging fire deep in her breast,

And gush from her very being the soothing torrent,

Once held and furiously breaking across her resolution,

Driving her forbade passions to tighten before pleasures untold,

Weeping for release from her very bonded flesh,

Weeping for release from her fragile facade of control,

And Weeping for release from her guilt,

The guilt which drives her throbbing waves of passion,

To her secret screaming in all eternity lies.'

I took in a deep breath, eased myself back into the warming embrace of the worn, leathered sofa. For an indulgent minute I allowed myself to enjoy a wry smile as I replayed the instances of last night back through my head. She was out in the metal club with her friends, from afar I watched her dance, she whipped and whirled her red hair around in giggly bouts of laughter, thrashing her sweet head to the dirge of the live band. I had found my lady, my student, my muse - my Sophia.

Later as the evening wore on I heard her two Goth friends, one with all the piercings wearing an old 'Relax' Franky goes to Hollywood T -Shirt and the other with the pink spiked hair mention they are going to try and find the loo's. I knew they would be a while as the ladies cues for the toilets are always desperately long, especially on the night where Double Smirnoff Vodkas & Cokes are going for $2 a glass. I like my chances. Then again I always fancy my chances.

I swiftly downed the existing measure of my slightly ochre coloured double malt Isle of Islay whiskey and approached the bar stool that Sophia was neatly perched on. In one of her ivory hands she flipped up her cell phone and was scrolling through some old drunken night text messages. She was smiling to herself as if she was sharing an old joke with a good friend. Her bright smile highlighted her features, her vanilla scented hair, her cherry lipstick and her curvy figure straining against her wonderfully soft velvet black dress. The dress was riding up across her right thigh, exposing her lily-white skin under her stocking clad legs. I felt a sudden surge of thunderous adrenaline flood through my system, my heart quickened. The game was on! 'Hi, is this seat taken?' I asked as she looked into my smiling blue eyes before sitting down on the adjacent stool regardless of her actual answer.

'No, sure, go for it.' She blushed as she averted her gaze from my eyes down and then to the side.

Sophia sounded a little worse for wear, her speech was slightly lilting and her vowels slightly elongated all, I'm sure, from the cheap drinks she's had this evening. Time for a little fun I think. 'Hi, can I get a large scotch for me and, let me a guess - a double vodka and coke for my friend...' I gently prompted my lady vixen to usher her name to me and to the waiting barmaid.

'Sophia, yeah vodka and coke would be great.' She replied with a wide smile.

'A double vodka and coke for my friend Sophia' I reiterated.

And so it began. The drinks came and they seemed to have a pronounced affect on my gothic friend. The night and alcohol consumed must have started to catch up with her tired and aching body. Seemingly oblivious to her friends she accepted my offer of a lift home with thoughts of only embracing her warm and longing bed. I, on the other hand, had other plans. She was mine now to do with as I so wished, and I would so wish.

Once Sophia entered my sleek, silvered car she immediately dozed off into her leather reclined seat. I proceeded to drive home with due care and within the speed limits naturally.

Once inside I eased her upright and guided her steps carefully down into my sparse but comfortable basement. The light switch was flicked up and the neon tubes choked and spurred onto their thrumming work, a feint, straining yellow light reached across the darkened corners, illuminating the room ahead. In a stumbling, shuffling manner I was able to help move my charge into the small bathroom I have down here. The walls are coarsely barren with open, rotting boards and exposed brick. I personally didn't use this toilet down here, and rather slyly I admitted neither would my captive, Sophia. Despite any urgent and desperate pleas from her, he would be made to wait!

I carefully lowered her down onto the closed toilet seat, Sophia seemed to be semi lucid. Her leaden eyelids flickered open momentarily as she sat down, slumping against the toilets flush tank. I wasted no time and removed a black silk scarf from my pocket and carefully, but firmly bound her hands together with a very secure butterfly knot behind her back. Here she would stay until she sobered up and then, only then would the games really start. I switched off the lights and left her in darkness to sleep off the alcohol, I changed into some new clothes and took a brief nap on the sofa..

But I digress, back to the present, hours after binding Sophia, I was resting on my smooth, lightly tanned leather sofa. It was nearly 7 am as I heard my little Sophia stirring downstairs. My senses flooded back to me in a wave of adrenaline as I stood upright, chest heaving with quick and light lungfulls of air If Sophia does not need to relieve herself yet, she soon will do. I quietly padded downstairs into the basement to meet my new captive.

I flicked on the light switch as before and headed, one step at a time, down the old creaking staircase. I could see the door to my basement bathroom was open, I strode smoothly across the floor conscious of my falling foot steps on the hard concrete base. I walked up towards the door, paused for a moment and entered. Sophia was awake, and obviously desperate to pee.

She was still sitting, bound on the closed toilet as I had gently left her last night. She was tip toeing her stocking clad feet upon that old, rattan rug. Her knees were close together and where slightly knocking against each other. Her black little velvet skirt had worked its way up above her waist during the night and had exposed her pink satin panties. They were laced around the legs and looked as though the promise of their touch on my skin would turn my blood into pure hallowed fire. Sophia looked up at me with a breathless gaze. Her wonderfully green eyes dilated with fear, or was it a building under currant of excitement? Her chest was rising and falling in quick shallow drops, I could feel her heartbeat as if she was laying next to my warm naked skin.

I walked until I was within touching distance, I knelt down on one knee and looked deeply into her highly agitated eyes. I breathed in her vanilla scent as if the very smell of her gave me nourishment and let a moment occur that so unfortunately rarely happens, a thousand words gushed forth and exchanged from each with out either one of us uttering a single syllable. Her cheeks flushed with a fiery crimson, her quickening pulse rate sounded almost deafening.

We connected at the most instinctual, beastly and emotional level. I'm the predator, and you are my prey - I have you now and you are mine to toy with my dear!

My glinting mischievous blue eyes gave my game away, and I laughed at my self blown cover. Sophia knew why she was here, even if she wouldn't admit it to herself. I could feel her struggling against her aching bladder, desperately complaining to her body to let go and void itself. I gave a hand in the only way I could.

'Hush my sweet Sophia, calm down.'

I reassuringly spoke as my strong hand reached out and made the barest initial contact with her abdomen. All of my senses closed down for a few moments all focusing on the sensation of feeling her warm, black velvet dress shrouded over her straining bladder. My fingers slowly, teasingly moved across her stomach and then pressed firmly down on her over filled bladder. She jerked forward, inches away as I felt her breath on my face as she screwed up and winced.

'Ohh! - Don't. I'm going to pee myself! I really need to use the toilet, PLEASE!' Sophia gasped in the most exquisite manner of desperation I had seen. No vision has ever graced me with such lasting memories than the one Sophia gifted me that day.

She reeled back, with furrowed brow and a slight pout. She was starting to make my blood boil over, I felt testosterone flood from every pour on my body. I needed more, and I knew she secretly wanted more. Sophia bounced a little forward bringing her knees up and into to each other, her body convulsed slightly as she fought to regain control of her bursting and fast weakening bladder.

I lightly placed my hands on either stocking clad thigh, mid way between her knee and waist and slowly ran my fingers, teasingly down her leg to her closed knees. Sophia inhaled sharply as a pang of pain shot from her extended bladder as I firmly pushed open her legs exposing her pink, moist stained satin panties. I edged, slowly my right potent hand back down her open left leg and ran it across the top of her panties in a feathered motion. I guided my finger tip down the front vertical seem of her panties, tracing the line of her wanton womanhood. I nearly missed her unconscious movement as Sophia minutely rocked her hips forwards, gently pressing my finger further against her damp panty clad vagina.

I parted her panties slightly from her gently rocking and yearning body then I gently danced my right thumb tip across her clit. I could feel both our attention focusing acutely on my fluid motions, I knew Sophia couldn't speak let alone protest at this moment even if she wanted to. I let the fabric of Sofia's underwear slip back into place, covering her modesty once again. I inhaled deeply, and stood back up and looked upon her face once more.

Beads of tears were dribbling down her cheeks, streaking her mascara slightly. After a few moments she spoke.

'Please let me go home...I just want to go, please, I won't tell anyone!' she pathetically pleaded.

I would have almost felt sympathy for her, but I could see through her facade of tears the hidden depths of her arousal bearing their sensual urges. Leaning forward I gently wiped away the single tear forming into a pear drop on her flushed cheek with my thumb. That's enough excitement for now I thought to myself.

I left her breathless and uncomfortably confused, aroused and tied to the toilet, desperate to pee but with no way of doing so with out wetting her velvety black dress. I need a shower now, but will I need a mop on the way back? Sophia's a big girl, she should be able to hold it..

A steaming hot shower and an hour later I wandered back to my captivating guest. She was obviously on the verge of loosing her struggle, her legs were wagging back and forth desperately seeking to relieve some of the pressure on her over due bladder. I walked over towards Sophia with one hand behind my back and leant forward slightly.

'Close your eyes Sophia.' I expressed to her in a deep, mellifluous tone.

She nearly complied and closed her eyes, although Sophia did a poor job at trying to hide a little peep out of one corner of her eye. I reached over above her head with my left hand, I let it fall softly down onto her dark red hair and smoothed it backwards over her head. Then with a quick yank I grabbed a handful of hair and snapped her head back, easing her into a slow motion as she leaned back exposing to me her fearful face. I could see her eyes were puffed up and encrusted from crying. It drove the devil in me onwards.

'Open your mouth.' I commanded.

With a slight hesitation, a flashed look of worry crossed her face. Was she half expecting me to produce a gun from the hand behind my back and put it in her mouth? She resigned and opened her mouth while closing her eyes. I pulled my right hand from behind my back and started to pour small measures of the fresh water into her open mouth. She spluttered in shock the first few times, dribbling the liquid down her chin and down her chest neatly funnelling in between her pert, pink breasts.

'Swallow all of it'. I sternly offered.

She meekly responded, gulping greedily mouthfuls of the mineral water. I smoothed her hair down with my free hand.

'I have no intention of hurting you, so you can put any thought of that right out of your head. Understand?'

Sophia swallowed the last few drops from the now empty bottle of water and nodded, subdued but obviously relieved. She let her eyes drift shut and the most intoxicating expression crept across her ivory face - a curious fleeting mix of pleasure and pain of torture and with unending levels of arousal. You enjoyed that didn't you? You dirty little bitch Sophia!? I thought to myself, wickedly smiling triumphantly. Her face flashed into anguish as her whole body tensed up, a sudden wave of desperation was slamming more urgently than ever before against her tortured bladder. Soon she hopes.

'Please, Can I go to the restroom?' Sophia exclaimed and yelped 'I don't want to pee myself! I don't think I can hold it any longer!'

I increased the pressure of my hand on Sophia's head, tilting it further back and then with my right foot parted her legs as wide as open as they could. Her body shuddered with electricity as her physical and emotional tension was raised to unbearable levels.

'PLEASE I CAN'T HOLD IT!' Sophia cried.

'NO!' I shot straight back at her. I leaned in closer and hissed:

'If you piss I am keeping you here longer and you will have to be punished!' Sophia opened her wide dewy eyes in fearful excitement and looked up at me, her mouth agape.

'You may not pee until I say you can!' I exclaimed.

Sophia uttered a small whine of disbelief as I continued my barrage of orders.

'Keep your legs open, I don't want to see you close them again!'

Sophia was visibly squirming against the tightness of her fishnet stockings, her eyes sparkled out greenly in one last effort of willpower. Her dry mouth creased up as she gulped in large, rushed lung fulls of air as a small, dark, damp stain started to grow on the crotch of her darkening, pink panties.

'Stop Pissing!' I hissed, furious with Sophia for disobeying my orders.

But she didn't stop. Her initial trickle of warm, honey coloured pee had increased to full flow and had begun to pool underneath her bottom on the closed toilet seat. Soon after the pool of pee broke from the toilet seat and cascaded down, noisily splashing in down golden arcs as it hit the hard floor beneath. Her puddle of piss grew on the floor until it reached my shoes, I was now standing, one foot in her urine.

Moments later Sophia tensed up her whole body and cut off the flow from her bladder. Obviously she still was desperate to pee but had at least gained some measure of composure. There she sat in wet knickers, gasping, her face was enflamed with emotion - relief, fear, anxiety, humiliation, deep arousal all came flooding into her rosy cheeks. I stepped neatly out of the puddle of pee and shook my foot dry.

'Get up Sophia.' I stated calmly but coldly, raising her to her feet grasping from her elbow.

Sophia gingerly looked up towards my steely glaze and rose to her feet under my instruction. The small pool of wee beneath her bottom broke its barrier and dripped down the side of the toilet bowl and onto the floor. I leant down and inspected the wetness she caused in her panties, which were now two tone from dry light pink and dark wet pink fabrics. I could see the stockings underneath cling to the fabric of her panties, was she wet from just pee? Or had she cummed as well?

I looked up to Sophia with a cursory glance, 'Turn around and let me see your bottom.'

Sheepishly Sophia obliged, and circled around squelching in her own urine. She bent forward slightly pushing out her roundly shaped bottom. Her panties were soaked up to the mid point in her crack, a mild infuriating accident. In a rush of anger I slapped her wet bottom in chastisement and barked -

'Now you will have to learn some lessons about potty training Sophia!'

I could sense her spirits sink as she noticed the large carton of water I had stashed earlier behind myself on the shelf. I belligerently smiled towards her with eyes beaming full of mischievous voice and untied her hands. I had turned away and was about to leave the room after Sophia had finished reading my letter, she simply said -

'Who are you?'

'Me?' I answered in a matched inquisitive tone, looking back over my right shoulder facing Sophia one last time.

'I'm just a handsome bastard.'

