Hallowe’en Fright Night!
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

April, June and Dani were at a Hallowe’en party held in the local pub. They were enjoying themselves, dancing, getting drunk, and flirting with the boys. the trio stayed there all night until they decided to go home.

“Just hold on a minute, I need to pee,” said April, and she walked into the pub toilets, and immediately saw the disgusting state of them.

“I’m not going to use them,” she thought, despite the growing desperation in her bladder. Suddenly, she heard a distant, growling sound. She felt as if her hair was standing to attention. The growling sound became louder…. and louder. She shuddered, and turned to see a werewolf, wearing an immaculate tuxedu, eating the remains of one of the guests.

“AAAAAAAHHHHHH!” April screamed, and raced out of the toilets, forgetting her two friends nearby. The werewolf, blood dripping from the left side of his mouth, started to chase April through the quiet streets of the neighbourhood.

April was scared of both the werewolf and the fact that she needed to pee very badly. She ran to the bus station, which was quiet deserted. Looking to see if the werewolf was around, she gave a huge sigh of relief. One less problem to think about… or was it?

April managed to catch the last bus home and sat down in one of the seats. She couldn’t relax because of the pressure in her bladder. She put one hand inbetween her thighs and crossed her legs.

Suddenly, she heard that growling sound again…. surely it can’t be the werewolf…. but it was! The sound of heavy footsteps came from the upper deck and walked down slowly. April’s heartbeat was racing at hearing the steps. She quickly pressed the button to get off at the next stop, but before she could make a move, she saw the werewolf look towards her.

She slipped past the monster, jumped off the bus, and started running. Despite the aching bladder, she was more concerned about escaping the werewolf. After running non-stop for at least half a mile, April began to tire, and was desperate for a pee, so she headed for some nearby woodland, but didn’t go far in, in case she saw the werewolf.

She leaned against this big tree, and was about to pull down her knickers and trousers to pee when she felt some heavy breathing on her neck. She shuddered again, and let out an almighty scream.

“AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!”

The werewolf emerged from the undergrowth, soon to come face-to-face with April. She was so frightened, she started to wet herself. She felt both her knickers and trousers get soaked in double quick time. The werewolf stroked her hair briefly, and started to bite her. She screamed as loudly as she could, but nobody could hear her….

That was when April woke up in bed from her nightmare in a cold sweat. Then she had a peculiar smell. She looked under the covers of her bed to see that she did wet herself! She was so embarrassed. Now she has to get rid of her wet bedclothes and get some fresh ones from the wardrobe in her bedroom.

