Note: This story contains Male Desperation, Accidental (Male) Wetting, and Humiliation.
I dumped Melissa and boy did she ever get revenge. I was out at a bar with my new girlfriend Kristan one night drinking. As usual, Kristan was decked out in her skin–tight stretch jeans with black boots and tank top. Her ass was unbelievable in her light, skin–tight jeans. There we were drinking and having a good time when I spotted Melissa across the bar. Melissa was about ten years older than me and we had dated about a year. It used to be a real turn on for me that she was around 40 and I was 30. I used to love the way she would dress – everything skin–tight. Tonight was no different. She looked hot wearing a pair of painted on jeans and a lot of red lipstick. I tried to hide so she wouldn't see me, so Kristan and I moved to a different booth. We were safe. Kristan and I continued drinking and having a good time. After about 2 hours and 6 beers, I decided I needed to go to the bathroom. I excused myself and walked to the bathroom where there was a huge line for the unisex restroom.
There must have been 20 people in front of me at the club that night. I was already a bit desperate when I got in line. I had long forgotten about seeing Melissa earlier that evening when all of a sudden I hear her voice behind me.
"Hey sweetie."
"Melissa? Hey! You look great!"
"I know. What are you doing here you asshole?"
"Oh nothing."
"I saw you with your new, young girlfriend. Who is she?"
"Kristan." I answered quickly.
"Ah, a new one. You'll get yours someday son. Let me tell you."
"Well you look really great."
"I know. These are those jeans that used to drive you crazy."
"I know. You look– amazing."
She really looked hot in those jeans. I remember feeling her up and down in those jeans. Feeling her perfect ass. As I daydreamed, a pang in my bladder snapped me back to reality. It was so sudden and severe I bent over a little and squeezed my legs together.
"What's wrong tough guy, need to go pee–pee?"
"I think that's obvious."
"It would be a shame if you wet your pants in front of your new girlfriend. She'd probably love to hear about that time you wet your pants in my car. It took me a month to get the smell out you bastard."
"Please Melissa. Just leave me alone okay?"
"I don't think so. I want to watch you squirm."
"Bitch." I whispered under my breath.
"Bitch? Call me bitch again and you'll regret it."
Just then Kristan walked over to us. "Who's this?"
"Oh uh. Kristan this is Melissa, my ex."
"Oh. Nice to meet you."
Melissa crossed her arms and sneered. "Your boyfriend is a shit you know that?"
Kristan looked at me. There were still ten people in front of me and my bladder was really starting to scream. At this rate, there would be no way I'd make it to the bathroom in time. I pressed my knees together quickly and held my penis for a moment. Melissa saw me squirming.
"What's wrong? Gonna wet your pants big boy?"
"Shut up Melissa please. I'm hurting here."
"Did he ever tell you about the time he pissed his pants in my car?"
"Um, No." Kristan looked at me disgusted.
"Oh yeah. He's got a real bladder problem. He peed in his pants all over my car about 6 months ago."
"Jesus, that's sick."
"Melissa, please." Just then my bladder almost gave way. About a second burst of piss made its way into my pants before I stopped the flow by squeezing my penis. Melissa looked down at me and laughed.
"Looks like he's going to wet himself again." She laughed.
"You're not going to go in your pants are you?" Kristan asked.
"I–I–I don't know." Sweat beaded on my forehead as my bladder screamed for release. I had about a minute before I had an accident and there were still 5 people in front of me.
"Don't wet yourself," Melissa mocked.
"Fuck you bitch!"
As the words left my mouth, Melissa slapped me across the face causing me to stumble back into the wall. Everyone in line turned and looked as I fell backwards. The force of the slap caused my bladder to quiver and almost give way sending the flood into my jeans. Melissa walked towards me and pinned me against the wall.
"No one calls me a bitch." She punched me in the stomach and pushed me to the floor in one blow. I fell to the ground as Kristan watched in horror along with the gathering bar crowd. I was seconds away from pissing myself. I grabbed my penis with one hand and squeezed my knees together on the ground. Melissa quickly straddled my stomach and put her face down near mine. "Don't wet yourself," she whispered.
"Let me up please, I'm gonna go in my pants!" I pleaded.
"Oh no. You need to say that you are sorry first."
"Fuck you bitch!"
"Fuck me?"
Just then she reached back and slapped me across the face. My arms were pinned beneath her legs as she started slapping me over and over. The force was too much to take. She reached back and slapped me one last time. The jolt caused my bladder to quiver and finally give way. I struggled one last time to get up as Melissa held me down. Just then I froze as the flood left my bladder and headed for my pants. My body went limp as Melissa brought her red lips close to mine. Tears welled in my eyes as the torrent raced towards my crotch. The urine exploded into my underwear filling my crotch in a matter of moments. I tried one last time to stop the flow but the piss poured through my fingers starting a wet spot on my jeans. Kristan gasped, "Oh my God he's wetting his pants!" People from around the bar crowded closer to watch the spectacle. Melissa held me down and looked over her shoulder as the urine poured into my jeans with a loud hiss. The wet spot started small and grew at an alarming rate to the size of a plate in a matter of moments. I pressed my knees together as the warmth spread across my crotch soaking the front of my jeans in a matter of seconds. My jeans glistened as the piss poured between my legs and started pooling around my butt beneath me on the floor. Melissa was laughing hysterically as I wet myself in front of the bar and Kristan. The urine continued to flood my jeans mercilessly. For a full 45 seconds I pissed my pants soaking my jeans from waist to ankles in front of everyone. Melissa jammed my shoulders down and rested on my stomach as the piss finally slowed to a trickle. She stood up as everyone in the bar stared in disbelief at the mess I made in my jeans in front of everyone.
By: River