It was a cold, wintry day, when Sarah woke up. It was still dark outside and the wind was blowing hard against the window. She immediately noticed her very bad need to pee. She was almost bursting. The need was so bad that she was actually frightened to move. She felt that any tiny movement might make her loose bladder control immediately.
She was laying there, in her nice, warm bed, with her comfy terrycloth pyjamas on, her heart hammering against her chest. "I need to get up," she thought. "I need to go to the bathroom, quickly!" "I can't move. I just can't, or I will pee the bed" was the immediate afterthought.
Trembling, she was lying there, trying to make up the courage to try it. To make herself hold it, even when she'd have to strain her muscles and burden her bladder with more tension, if she was to get up.
She started sweating now, terrified of what might happen. After all, she was not a little girl anymore, but a woman of twenty–seven. She pressed her thighs together, trying to ease the tension, but things were only getting worse. The need seemed unbearable now. She took her courage in both hands and threw her blanket away with a quick move. Her bladder screamed. Her heart was hammering and sweat was running down her forehead.
Very carefully she started to move her right leg towards the edge of the bed. The need to pee increased immensely as soon as she moved her leg away from the other and her thighs weren't clutched together anymore. Her knee reached the side of the bed and she now could try to sit up. She used her left elbow to give herself support. In order to sit up, she needed to use her abdominal muscles, however. As she sat up with a jerk her bladder lost control for a moment. A spurt of pee escaped her. Suddenly her crotch got warm and wet, and she could even hear the hissing sound.
A wet patch emerged between her legs, the size of a hand. She clutched her legs together and – terrified – forced herself to stop. With an immense effort she managed to stop peeing after a second or two, but her need to pee was unbearable now.
She jumped up and started running for the bathroom. Half way she lost control again and started peeing massively. A thick stream of warm pee gushed through her terrycloth pants. The material got soaked and became heavy. Pee was streaming down her thighs, making her pyjamas soaked and what could not be absorbed, landing on the rug on the floor.
Sarah, continued running, but could not stop the warm, yellow stream that was running down her legs. She could even smell the pee now. She clutched her legs together again and tried forcing her hand between her thighs, to make the stream stop – but there was no way. She felt the warmth of the pee as it was hitting her hand heavily, only to force its way through her fingers and into her pyjama pants. She stopped still now, seeing that there was no way to win this battle. She even spread her legs now, to make things easier and gave up. She stood there, peeing for another minute or so, making an immense puddle on the rug, which slowly sunk into the material and made a dark patch.
Then the hissing stopped. Her bladder was empty. She was standing there in totally soaked terrycloth pants. They were clutching to her skin, wet and still warm. She couldn't believe it. Slowly she sneaked into the bathroom and tried to clean up the mess. She felt totally humiliated. But she couldn't deny it: she had just totally pissed herself. Just like a little girl. 
2. Sarah: Wet Dreams (contains FD, AW, BW)
Sarah came home after a hard day of work. She still felt a bit strange. Her day had started with a very disturbing experience: she had peed herself massively at night. The whole day, she kept thinking about the incident that happened at night. Sarah had woken up with a full bladder and didn't make it to the bathroom, but peed her pyjamas half way.
The whole day, she kept recapitulating the scene, nervously. As soon as she felt a tiny need to pee she jumped up and ran for the bathroom. She did not want any unpleasant surprises to happen at the office.
Now she was relieved. She was back home and nothing unusual had happened. Finally she could relax. She took off her business clothes and put on some comfy old jeans and a t–shirt. Exhausted from the long day's work she sat down on the couch in front of the TV and opened a can of beer. She was thirsty, as she had not drunk much during the day for fear of having to pee. Now she gulped down the beer quickly. The first can was soon empty and Sarah readily allowed herself another. She switched through the channels and enjoyed watching some of her favorite TV–shows.
It grew dark outside quickly, as it was still wintertime and Sarah was glad to be at home. The darkness made her tired and soon her eyelids were getting heavy. She struggled for a while, but eventually she lost her battle and fell asleep in front of the TV...
*** She was strolling through a wonderful landscape. Flowers were abloom everywhere and a small river was to her right side with clear water. She followed the river and came to a beautiful small lake. There was a waterfall coming down a cliff, making a whooshing sound. She was smiling and loved every bit of it. Only the sound of the water falling and landing in the lake made her realize she had to pee. "Oh, I can pee right here", she thought. There was a lovely little bush, where she could crouch down. She took off her panties and lifted her skirt – she was wearing a beautiful, flowery skirt – closed her eyes and with a sigh of relief let go! Quickly she started peeing and the relief was oh so great. The stream of pee gushed out of her and hit the ground. Only Sarah was wondering, why there was such a warm and wet feeling between her legs all of a sudden...but she didn't care and kept on peeing in a thick stream. ***
Suddenly she woke up alarmed! She opened her eyes and looked down in shock. Yes, there it was. She was peeing herself!!! Again!!! She was in mid–stream, when she woke up – and she couldn't stop. Her jeans were already wet and dark between her legs. She could feel the warmth of the pee spreading between her legs. The wet spot between her legs was growing quickly and a thick stream of pee was hitting the couch and making a puddle under her. She was paralysed, held her breath and could do nothing but sit there and continue peeing. She felt the wet feeling spreading out, reaching her knees, with the material of the jeans clinging to her thighs. She was devastated – but at the same time, she felt so relieved. Letting go felt so good.
The hissing sound continued and Sarah even did not try anymore to stop it. It was too late anyway.
When she was done she sighed and got up. There was a huge wet patch on the couch and her jeans were soaked.
For a minute, she was standing there, looking down at her crotch and then at the couch, as if she could not believe it was true.
With a sigh she went to the bathroom and took off her jeans and panties. Both were totally soaked and smelled of pee. She took a quick shower and was wondering how things would go on...
3. Sarah: Desperate Ride (FD, AW, Public Wetting, Humiliation)
After taking a shower Sarah put on clean pyjamas and got ready for bed. She was very nervous. Not only had she peed herself last night, but also an accident happened a few minutes ago, when she fell asleep in front of the TV. It seemed to her like she couldn't control her bladder anymore.
She emptied her bladder again on the toilet before going to the bedroom and then went to sleep. She lay awake for a long time, being afraid of falling asleep. But she was tired and eventually drifted off.
Much to her relief she woke up the next morning and was still dry. She got up and ran to the bathroom. She had to pee, but it wasn't as bad as last time.
Then she got ready for work and left the flat. As it was winter, she was wearing a long coat, business pants and boots. She headed to a Starbuck's first and got her favorite coffee: mocha latte, the big one.
The morning was busy, and Sarah had to wait for a while before she could get on the tube. The coach was full and there was no seat for her, so she stood in the corner next to the door, where she could lean against the plastic behind her. She enjoyed her coffee and was waiting for the train to get to her stop. Usually it took about thirty minutes. However, today it seemed more people were boarding and getting off and the train was already 10 minutes behind its schedule.
She began to notice that she had to pee. Not badly, but still. Thinking of her accidents she got very nervous and her heart started beating faster. There was still at least a 20 minutes' ride ahead of her. And she was late. Getting off, going to the loo and getting on another train were not options. Her boss was very strict and Sarah had been late twice last week.
She tried ignoring the feeling, but that didn't quite work. It seemed like every minute made it ten times worse. "How could I have been so stupid and drink a coffee?" she thought. "Coffee is always guaranteed to make me wanna pee."
She shifted her weight from foot to foot and pressed her thighs together. Her need to pee was increasing rapidly. She tried to distract herself by reading the adverts placed in the coach, but it seemed like everything made her think of her little problem. First there was an advert for Sprite. Then another one showing a bathtub and reading "Great Bathrooms." And finally, one with a baby wearing a diaper...advertising Pampers.
An idea came to her mind...but she rejected it immediately. "Diapers..." No, no way. "How can I even think of anything like that?" Her bladder burned. She looked up at the advert...the white and thick diaper beaming at her. "I'm a grown woman, for heaven's sake," she thought. For a moment, she imagined, what it would be like, if she wouldn't have to worry and could just let go, when needing to pee...
She shook her head, as if saying "No!" to herself.
A sudden stop of the train made her focus on the present situation again. As the train stopped with a jerk, she had to grab a hold, so that she wouldn't fall. Now her need to pee escalated. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it for long. And there were still 15 minutes to go. Sarah started panicking. "Not here! Not in public!!!" 
While she was still holding that thought, she spurted. She blushed and started sweating. "This must be a nightmare, a bad, bad nightmare" she thought. Without further warning, her bladder let go. The next spurt was longer, making a wet patch in her crotch. Another one followed quickly– and then another, until it became a constant stream of pee. Sarah was wetting her pants once again. Only this time, she had witnesses.
All the coffee she had drunk forced its way out of her – not interested in clothes being in the way. A solid stream of warm pee flooded her business pants, running down her legs, leaving an obvious wet trace behind which reached her knees and covered her butt. A splashing sound emerged and pee hit the floor.
People turned their heads and gazed at her – some of them shaking their heads, some laughing and pointing their fingers. "Aren't you a bit too old for that, young lady?" a man said to Sarah. She only covered her face in her hands and went for the door. As soon as the train stopped she ran off, not caring that it was the wrong stop.
On the platform she carefully inspected the damage. Her pants were soaked from her crotch to the knees, sticking to her thighs and showing a very obvious patch. Luckily, she was wearing a long coat. Quickly, she buttoned her coat up. Now, at least from the outside, it wasn't obvious that she had just pissed herself. Of course, Sarah herself was well aware of it all the time.
"I can't go to work like this," she knew. Quickly she picked up her mobile and called in sick. Luckily, no questions were asked. " It can't go on like this," she thought. "Three accidents in two days...I have to do something." 
She entered the underground mall and as if it was waiting there for her, there was a pharmacy, featuring a brand new product in its window: the new, highly absorbent diaper for adults.
Sarah did not hesitate. There was no way she could humiliate herself more than she already did that day. She entered the pharmacy and left it in five minutes with a big, plastic bag. In it was the product she knew she needed.
4. Sarah: The Next Step (FD, AW, DI)
Sarah was heading home quickly with a plastic bag in her hand, which carried a product she desperately needed: diapers for adults.
Her pants were still wet from the accident she had just experienced on the tube. Sarah had peed herself massively on her way to work. Shocked by the incident – which was the third one in a series – she took action and bought what she hoped would give her peace: diapers.
As soon as she was at home she dashed to the bathroom and took off her wet pants. She still couldn't believe she had wet herself in front of all these people.
During the day, as long as she was at home, she decided she wouldn't use the diapers. But at night, she would put on one...as she had peed herself at night before.
The day flew by quickly and soon the sun had set. Sarah had dinner and for the first time in days she wasn't afraid of drinking as much liquid as she wanted to.
Soon she got tired and got ready for bed. As usual, she had a quick, hot shower, cleaned her teeth and then...
She stood before the big plastic bag. She ripped it open and took out one of the clean, soft products. It felt strange, but her decision was made. She put on the diaper, closed it with the strips on the sides, and then put on her pyjamas.
She had to hold her legs a bit further apart than usual when walking to the bed, but she didn't mind. At least she would have a good night's sleep, she hoped. Indeed, she felt safe and fell asleep quickly.
*****
Suddenly she awoke. It was still dark outside and raindrops were hitting the window. Immediately she noticed her desperate need to pee. Just like the last time – when she had ended up soaking her pyjamas – she was on the brink of wetting herself.
Her first reaction was panic! She knew there was little hope she would make it to the loo. It was very likely she would loose it half way, or in the moment when she'd try to get up, or when she'd only try to move – and pee all over the bed.
She wanted to clutch her thighs together, when she realized that she was wearing a diaper...
Her heart started hammering. Could she really do it? Could she just let go? Without thinking about it? Without worrying? She felt naughty...
But her need to pee increased. She knew that before too long, she wouldn't have a choice...
Sarah tried to relax. "That's what I bought it for" she said to herself. "Now, why shouldn't I make use of it?" She took a deep breath and decided to let go...with her eyes closed she released her muscles.
But to her surprise, not a drop came out. She couldn't do it. She was embarrassed. "What a stupid idea" she thought "I'm going to the loo!" 
With an energetic move, she threw her blanket aside and jumped up. But just as energetically as she moved, just as rapidly a hot jet of pee shot out of her and started filling her diaper massively. She was standing next to the bed, her legs slightly apart and was peeing, no, pissing her diaper with a mightiness that could not be stopped.
The diaper got warm and heavy and the stream continued for a long while. Sarah felt incredibly relieved.
When she was done, she yawned and crawled back into bed. The diaper felt nice and warm. And not a single drop had escaped it. Sarah lay awake for a while, thinking about what had just happened. Then she fell asleep again.
By: Monica