Title: The Strike

By: Fluidity

Frieda was pissed. The university administration had refused for the last time to honor her demands that women be allowed to major in physics. "After all, it's 1951" she cried, "and a stinking flying saucer has landed on the Washington Mall, for goodness sakes! How can we expect to catch up with the alien..." Frieda would not use the term, Space Man, 25 years ahead of her time, "if we refuse to tap the brain power of half the human race."

And Frieda knew what she was going to do about it. She had practiced for weeks and was fortified and ready. She was going on a bladder strike!

It had never been done before, and she didn't know how she even though of it, but it seemed so apt. She got her friends together, men and women, walked into the university administration building, and proceeded directly to the mammoth statue of Diana and the Swan. It was an immense bronze statue rising from the courtyard of the hundred-year old building. She deftly looped the huge steel chain between the Swan's neck and Diana's left arm, which formed a graceful hoop. To that chain she attached the steel leg irons, effectively tying her body to the three ton bronze statue, where she would stay until she produced the hidden key to the lock.

She sat on the step of the pedestal around the statue with the stack of pamphlets that she would hand out to the press which she expected to arrive soon. Her beautiful jet-black hair fell in ringlets around her white silk blouse which softly covered her well-proportioned body; her dark blue skirt came down to her knees; her legs were bare in this era before pantyhose. In her duffel bag were six liters of spring water, the first of which she began to drink.

At her side was blonde and blue-eyed Shirley Springs, a registered nurse who approved of Frieda's plan. Shirley's job was to monitor the state of Frieda's bladder and warn the press, and, indirectly, the university administration, when that bladder was reaching dangerous limits of volume. Shirley, dressed in a white sweater and skirt, reminded some of a cheerleader. Though without Feida's ample figure, Shirley's softer curves were just as alluring to her many admirers.

Frieda had studied Gandhi's recent tactics and chose the quicker-acting method of subjecting her bladder to intense pressure, rather than her body to intense starvation.

The letter was delivered to the University president, Wilbur Wannamaker III, at noon on Sunday, just as Frieda was shackling herself to Diana and her Swan. It so happened that this was the precise moment that the Man, for his sex was never in doubt, from Space was initiating his hour's trial upon the people of Earth, an attempt to wash some sense into them and get the attention of the world's leaders. Those who were not the world's leaders, Wilbur, Shirley, and Frieda, for example, would not escape the effects of the Space Man's actions.

Frieda guzzled down a good half-liter of the delicious spring water, knowing how soon it would enter her virtually empty bladder. Her previous training had shown her that she could consume three liters of water in a three hour period and after six hours contain a bladder filled with nearly 1.2 liters of urine, absolutely bursting to get out. Frieda's muscles were battle tested under extreme conditions and she knew that she would ultimately risk a ruptured bladder before she would submit to the humiliating possibility of pissing over worldwide television upon the moss which surrounded Diana and the Swan.
She knew that 1.2 liters was near her limit and the six hours would give Wobbly Wilbur (as he was known on campus) time to consult with the university board and approve opening the Physics department to her sex. Frieda was mad as hell and (more than twenty years before the movie, "Network", popularized the phrase) she wasn't going to take it any more.

Wilbur read the letter from Frieda nervously. He knew Frieda, knew her gorgeous body by sight, one of most stunning on campus, and knew that he was going to have to allow women into the Physics department, and all departments of the university, but he needed time to convince the board. He called the primary force behind the board and began a long conversation; before that conversations was over Wilbur, alone in his University President's Office, had to piss into the flower pot twice. Wilbur began to realize that something strange was going on. He now had the support of the major force on the board, and he knew that success was in sight, but what was going on with his bladder? Should he call his doctor?

Freida, meanwhile was surrounded by a hoard of press photographers and one three-hundred pound television camera (the latest 1951 model) which was moved into position from the university television studio housed in one wing of the administration office; this camera was feeding the scene across the nation and around the world.

Frieda was finishing her second liter of water and was explaining, with Shirley's medical assistance, how quickly the human body processes fluid, how much the human bladder can hold, how quickly the bladder fills, and what the human bladder capacity is. This capacity question was most on the mind of Roland Kohl, who drew out of Shirley the claim that 1.2 liters is an amount of urine which would cause most people excruciating discomfort; most men and women would have whizzed their knickers much earlier. People like Frieda who have trained their bladders can hold much, much more than the average person, but at a price. The price is the limit, not of their will and their sphincters, but of their bladder's physical strength to hold it. A ruptured bladder is life-threatening, despite the purity of the urine (Roland didn't quite understand this point), but took notes furiously.

Frieda, sat handing out leaflets and was aware that something was not going according to plan. Not only had she seen Shirley, Roland, and every other press photographer and newsman excuse themselves and rush off to the toilet, but she was feeling fuller than she ever expected to at this point. Shirley rushed back from the lady's room and whispered to Frieda, "It is a zoo in there. It is like every bladder in the building is full to overflowing. I had to wait for seven other women until I could piss."

"Shirley, you aren't the only one. I feel like I'm bursting already. What is going on?" Shirley palpated Frieda's abdomen and, with the experience gained from the training period, knew that she was holding over a liter after only thirty minutes. "Frieda, this is going too fast. You're over a liter and at this rate will reach your limit in less than fifteen minutes."

"You aren't telling me anything I don't know. My pussy is twitching already. I've been watching you all go zipping to the whizzing place two or three times each, and I'm beginning to think I'll never make it."

Just then President Wilbur wobbled down the steps to the foot of the statue, casting furtive glances at Frieda's voluptuously bare legs. "Miss Frusengladje," he said to Frieda, "I believe that we can come to some agreement here if you will just give us a little time." Wilbur, having peed seven minutes earlier, was already feeling his bladder pressing for release. He brought his clip-board down to his crotch and gave his dick a poke, but that didn't seem to do any good. Quite the contrary. A sudden squirt of urine shot from Wilbur's cock, and then another and another. A huge dark patch appeared on his disastrously ill-chosen light gray suit under the shadow of his strategically placed clip-board.

Wilbur hurriedly sat down next to Frieda as his pee trickled down the steps of the statue and his eyes looked not at Frieda's eyes, but at her pink panty-covered crotch, which was quivering in desperation, not having had the pleasure of relief that the others around her had had.

Shirley palpated Frieda's abdomen again. "She'll burst soon," Shirley proclaimed to the multitude. "Miss Frusengladje's bladder is reaching 1.4 liters, far beyond what we have trained for, and I can not be responsible for the human injury and damage that will result if Frieda's demands are not met and her bladder not given its relief."

"God, Almighty I have to piss!" cried Frieda into the boom mike hovering over her head like an avenging angel. "I have never held so much in my life and my body can't take it any more. The searing pain I feel must be the beginning of my bladder's bursting." Indeed, Frieda had never held on such as this. She knew she could unlock her sphincters and flood the moss, but there were higher goals at stake. She could take the pain, but she prayed for relief.

Wilbur's wetting thoroughly humiliated him, and as piss squirted into the crotch of his Brooks Brothers suit, he told Frieda, "The university (squirt) accepts all your (squirt) demands, Miss (squirt) Frusengladje. There will no longer (squirt) be any restrictions based upon (squirt) sex to (squirt) any of this university's classes (squirt, squirt)."

Frieda heard that with joy in her heart, and tears streamed down her cheeks. Her two other cheeks were about to get a bath as well.

The plan had been for Shirley to pull the key out of her left bra cup, but Shirley had to make another unscheduled dash to the loo, once again bursting for reasons she could not imagine. She found herself a few feet away from Frieda in a line behind seventeen other women, all of whom were showing the effects of bladders filled with a rapidity that caught them by surprise. As Shirley waited her discomfort quickly turned to pain and then to panic. She soon could wait no longer and squatted quickly down on Diana's moss; she spread her legs and frantically jerked her panties away from her blonde-covered cunt and began gushing into a flower pot where some foot-high gardenias were blossoming.

Just at that moment, Jake, President Wannamaker's Great Dane, walked up to the same gardenia pot and lifted his leg. Unconcerned with Shirley's desperate pissing, Jake had his own liter to get rid of, and as luck would have it, his foot-long canine cock was pointed right at Shirley's clit.

As Jake let go onto Shirley's already piss-pressure stimulated clit, Shirley's desperate peeing turned into something quite different. "Oh, oh, oooooh..." she cried over and over again, as she was torn between positioning her pussy to avoid pissing her new pink pumps, and trying to keep her clit in Jake's stream; her clit won this battle easily. Jake's hot gusher bathed her clit in radiating warmth and stimulation which she hadn't felt since Billy Johnson had tongued her in the back seat of his classic Humpmobile at the drive-in last summer.

Meanwhile Frieda was desperately seeking her own relief, now that the battle had been won. As Wilbur whimpered to himself and continues to squirt into his crotch, he rolled up into a ball underneath Diana's outstretched arm. Frieda had to relieve herself of her heavy load.

She rolled over on her back onto the soft moss that surrounded the statue. Her pussy had been twitching in agony for eons now. Her blue skirt fell down away from her legs as she spread them and pulled her panties away from her spasming sphincters. Her knees spread apart as a fountain spurted high into the air. The pressure took the stream seven feet until it touched Diana's smiling bronze lips which were lovingly kissing the long, slender neck of the affectionate Swan. The stream, having reached its apogee, turned back toward earth, almost touching Diana's outstretched hand, and splattered a few feet away directly upon Shirley's quivering clit, which had already been bathed in glory by Jake's surging stream; but it was ready for more. Shirley lay still, whimpering in orgiastic pleasure, sounding surprisingly similar to the humiliated Wilbur an arm's length away.

