This is a true story that happened to a woman named Jenny.
Jenny needed to pee. It wasn't an extremely urgent need (at least not yet, anyway), but it was enough to cause her some discomfort. She had been bagging groceries nonstop for the past 2 1/2 hours, and it wasn't even an hour and fifteen minutes into her shift that she began to feel that familiar sensation of painful pressure weighing down on her urethra. Jenny was an attractive Caucasian girl, with a slim body and shoulder–length dark blonde hair. But now her cute face was beginning to show the strain caused by the increasing heaviness in her bladder.
A customer noticed her furrowed brow and pursed lips and asked her if there was anything wrong.
"Oh, it's nothing," she replied. "I just need to use the bathroom, that's all."
The customer chuckled and said, "Well, I hope you get to go soon."
Jenny said that she also hoped so and put the last of her groceries in the cart.
After he left, she turned her attention to the next customer, a rather dull, unintelligent middle–aged woman who couldn't decide whether she wanted paper or plastic. Jenny started to assist the dim bulb customer when she spotted her manager walking toward the checkout area. Jenny knew from the past two weeks that she was working at the supermarket that he was a bit of a loser, but she thought it wouldn't hurt to ask him if she could go relieve herself real quick. She politely asked the customer to wait a few moments and walked over to her manager to ask if she could go pee.
"Could you please take over bagging for me so I can go to the bathroom?" she inquired. "It'll only take a couple of minutes."
"Look, I have some work to do in the office," the manager snapped back in an irritated tone of voice. "You'll just have to wait." Then he quickly walked away.
Exasperated, Jenny went back to what she was doing. Geez, I was just asking, she thought. But then she figured she could hold it until her half–hour break, which was an hour and twenty minutes away.
As the minutes passed, Jenny continued the repetitive task of bagging groceries and trying to ignore her need to urinate, which was becoming more urgent. The fact that the store was getting busier didn't help either. I knew I shouldn't have drunk all that tea before coming into work today, Jenny thought regretfully.
When her break time finally came, Jenny was now very desperate to pee. But her manager was nowhere to be found and she couldn't leave the checkout area until he gave her permission. A minute later, he finally showed up again. Jenny hurried over to him and said it was time for her break.
"No, you don't get a break," he exclaimed unexpectedly. "The store's busy and we need more people up front."
"Please let me go," Jenny pleaded. "I have to go pee really, really bad!"
"Well, that's tough. You're just going to have to hold it until the end of your shift. You're not a little kid. Now get back to work."
As he walked away, Jenny stood there flabbergasted. She couldn't believe that her break was denied. She walked slowly back to her work area, trying not to pay attention her bursting bladder.
It was illegal for them not let to her take a half–hour break, of course. But Jenny didn't want to make a scene. Besides, she needed this job. The college scholarship she earned paid for the courses, but not books or transportation, and she was barely making ends meet as it is.
Jenny started bagging for the latest customer. Her shift wouldn't end for another three hours, and she knew that she probably wouldn't be able to hold it until then.
Nearly two hours passed as Jenny bagged more groceries and struggled to keep from losing control of her bladder. More customers started to notice the strained expression on her face and asked her about it. She said it was nothing and went filling up their carts. Jenny could not remember a time when she ever had to pee this badly! She was so desperate that she kept shifting foot to foot, and she desired to press her hands into her crotch, just to temporarily relieve the pressure caused by her full bladder– to ease her tortured sphincter muscles just a little. The worst part came when crouching down to get paper bags from underneath the counter.
Oooooh, I can't hold it much longer, Jenny thought. Just then, a customer moved up the checkout counter with a 24–pack of beer, the largest item she had seen all day. Jenny stared at the 24–pack with a mixture of fear and despair. But she knew she couldn't refuse service to a customer just because she was about to pee in her pants. After all, she needed this job. Grimacing, she tried to lift the beer case off the counter, but it instantly caused too much strain on her body and bladder, and suddenly she couldn't hold it any longer for a few seconds. "Oh no!" Jenny thought in horror, dropping the 24–pack. Urine poured into the crotch of her panties from her emptying bladder and cascaded down her legs, soaking the front of her tan khakis from the crotch down to knee level. Jenny looked down in shock and humiliation and saw it was barely seeable. The other customers and her co–workers could not clearly see that she was wetting herself.
Jenny suddenly became angry herself and jumped up off the bench but she mostly felt embarrassed even though it was not showing. She now needed to go badly. Only 15 minutes until she finally got her break.
It was getting even busier within the next 5 minutes. She was now so desperate. She was just about to leave but she needed the job for college so there was no way she could just go. Now, after 9 minutes later, 1 minute till her break, a customer came up and asked if she could quickly wait for a minute because she needed to get something quick. She said yes but she was holding her crotch hard now. After 2 minutes the customer came back and so she had helped her out. Her boss came and said that she could take her break after all of the customers are gone from the line. That meant 3 more people to go. That was good. After 5 more minutes, she had gotten her break. She desperately searched for a bathroom. She could not find one. She felt a few drops go down her pants so she hurriedly looked for bushes outside. She saw bushes and so she went there. I followed her and saw that she knelt down and started to pee. She peed for 2 minutes and 20 seconds but she had heard someone (me) and so she pulled her shorts up but she was still letting it go so she peed a little in her pants. I now noticed that you could see it on her pants. She started to cry now. She saw that there was no one at her vision so she pulled it them and finished peeing for another 15 seconds. She then stood up and started to walk home and change to some other clothes. I followed her home and she was in front of her house and so she just peed all over her pants now and it just flowed for another 25 seconds. I guess that she had really needed to pee. She went inside for 2 minutes and came out in dry clothes but then, she must have needed to go again because she tried rushing towards her restroom but she let more go over her pants. Jenny now stared in shock so she went back in the house and changed. She walked out and then she started to walk normally off to her job. 
Danielle