Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Foreplay, and Sex.
One day, 19–year–old Allie was sitting home alone in the summer time, just hanging out in her short denim skirt and pink camisole (and if you were looking up her skirt you would see her dark blue cotton bikini panties.) She sat there on the couch bored, watching TV and sipping at her Coke. She was quite a naughty and promiscuous girl, and got anyone she wanted when she wanted them...it wasn't too hard for her; all she had to do was throw her long, brunette hair over her shoulder and smile her shiny lips at somebody, show off her perfect white teeth with the glitter in her brown eyes and she had them.
She was often bored during the summer, though, she was home and far away from her college and really had no friends that came home during the summer. She looked at the time and knew her 18–year–old sister would be home from school, soon. She was thinking perhaps she could go to the mall with Kelli. She was almost jealous of her kid's sister's looks, shoulder length saucy red hair, dark green eyes, and blessed with really perky breasts that could hold themselves up. And Allie had gone through Kelli's clothes and found out that Kelli didn't own one bra and it pissed Allie off. Still, she did love her kid sister.
She started to realize she was getting horny thinking of her sister's perky breasts and thought about going upstairs and exploring her panty wetting fetish and cumming quick, and then an even naughtier thought entered her head, the thought of wetting her panties in front of her sister. As she thought on it, she thought she would be too embarrassed to have her pants sopping with her own piss in front of Kelli, and then thought maybe she could make some kind of padding. She ran into the bathroom and grabbed a bunch of toilet paper off the roll and started stuffing it in her panties under her pussy, and on top of all the toilet paper she topped it off with a maxi pad. Her panties were quite bulky now, but it felt quite comfortable and she went back in front of the TV and finished off her Coke.
Soon enough she heard a car pull up in the driveway and her sister came into the room, tossed her backpack to the floor, and sat down next to her.
"What are you watching?" she asked and Allie just shrugged.
"I'm just bored," Allie said. "What are you doing?"
Kelli smiled, "Nothing. What are you doing tonight?" Allie just shrugged and smiled, already discreetly peeing a few spurts into her panties. She looked curiously at Kelli's breasts. Kelli took notice and blushed a bit, "Um...what are you looking at?"
"Are..." Allie stuttered, "Are you wearing a bra?"
Kelli blushed hard "Yes, is it that noticeable? Oh, I don't have any, soooo I kinda borrowed one of yours." Hearing Kelli say this actually turned Allie on a little bit and she let a long stream out into her panties and smiled at Kelli.
"I don't care," Allie said. "So why are you wearing one?"
"Tired of guys staring at my nipples when they get hard," Kelli said. "It's so cold in school and at first I liked the attention, but then I started feeling slutty and bleh, so I decided to wear one today." The thought of Kelli's hard nipples made Allie even more aroused and she let an even longer stream into her panties. They still felt dry to her, but she had to way to double check with her sister there. Then, almost like reading her mind, Kelli got up and went into the bathroom. Allie quickly stuck her hand up her skirt and rubbed her panties, still totally dry. She then lifted up her skirt and took a quick peek in to see how wet stuff was. Looked like the pad wasn't leaking yet, but she squeezed out a short squirt to make sure. She heard the bathroom door and quickly pulled her skirt back down and Kelli walked up to her cautiously.
"Um..." Kelli said, "What were you doing?"
"Just scratching my leg," Allie said sweetly and smiled. Kelli walked up behind Allie and placed her hands on Allie's shoulders and started rubbing hard. Kelli gave such wonderful neck massages and she knew Allie loved it. Allie leaned back and moaned, letting more pee slip into her panties as she relaxed herself. She began to worry that the stream was too loud and quickly shut it off and sat up.
"What's wrong?" Kelli asked.
Confident that she didn't hear anything, Allie sank back against the couch, "Oh, um, you just hit a tender spot." She started to pee into her panties again, but this time a soft stream so it didn't make any loud noises. She leaned into Kelli's hands and enjoyed the massage, not even fully aware that she had been peeing a good 30 seconds now when she suddenly felt a little wetness splash against her leg. She quickly bolted up and right out of Kelli's hands and Kelli looked at her confused.
"Did I hit a knot? I didn't think I did..." Kelli said.
Allie was so flustered and embarrassed not knowing just how wet she made herself and Kelli sat back down on the couch next to her. "What's wrong, Allie?" What Allie wasn't telling Kelli wasn't just that she had wet her panties and it leaked over, but she couldn't stop...her bladder was so full and in desperate need of relief that despite her panties getting soppy and a puddle starting to form on the couch, she kept peeing and peeing. The wet spot started to creep out from under where Allie was sitting and between her open legs. Kelli's gaze fell down on the wet spot that was growing bigger and bigger and her eyes grew wide.
"Allie, are...are you..." Allie nodded her head and looked up at her sister. "You're wetting yourself???" Allie started crying and Kelli held her.
"It's ok, sweetie, I'll help you clean yourself up," Kelli said. And before Allie could say anything or react, Kelli lifted up her sister's skirt and pulled off her sopping wet panties. Kelli's eyes fell on the wad of toilet paper and maxi pad and looked back up at Allie.
"Did you do this on purpose?" Kelli asked. Allie blushed hard and admitted everything. Her panty wetting fetish and how completely wetting herself was a complete accident. Kelli looked at Allie and smirked. "Well, you were a bad girl and had an accident in your panties, and big girls don't do that." Kelli dumped the toilet paper onto the floor. "If a little girl wet herself, she would be spanked, but you're not a little girl." And before Allie could react, Kelli shoved the pissy wet panties into Allie's mouth. Allie's eyes opened wide and her pussy got really wet. Kelli could smell the wetness and looked at Allie with a sexy look.
"Mmm, you like that, don't you?" Kelli teased. Kelli pulled down her low riders and thong and straddled Allie's hips and took the part of the panties sticking out of Allie's mouth and kissed her through them. They both started to suck on the panties looking in each others eyes, both of their pussies dripping wet, Kelli's juice dripping right on top of Allie's pussy. With them both still sucking on the panties, Kelli started to slowly grind her pussy over Allie's and Allie could feel her knees trembling. In her mind she knew this was so wrong and it made it even hotter and she had no idea what was going through Kelli's mind.
But those thoughts left her head when Kelli started to grind really rough and all Allie could think of was how good it felt and how close she was getting to cumming and Kelli could see it in her eyes. They both sucked hard and kissed each other, Kelli grinding wildly. Allie couldn't hold it anymore and started gushing cum and moaned loudly through the panties in her mouth and Kelli followed up, pouring cum all over Allie's pussy and moaning softly. Kelli then got down on her knees and started licking up all of the cum out of Allie's pussy, both her own & Allie's. Allie pulled the panties from her mouth and looked at Kelli.
"Oh my GOD, what did we just do?" Allie asked frantically. Kelli pulled her thong back up and hugged Allie.
"Well we just became best friends," Kelli said teasingly. "And I knew it was wrong but it felt sooo good."
"Well, yeah," Allie blushed. "That's how I felt, too." Kelli put Allie's dirty panties back on her and smiled, and Allie smiled, too. "Well I guess peeing in my panties doesn't mean I can't wear them the rest of the..." Allie stopped and stared at Kelli as she saw a stream of pee pouring out of her lacy thong, splashing onto Allie's foot.
Kelli then looked at Allie with wild eyes and ripped off her panties again followed by her thong. Kelli smiled at Allie as she put on her sister's panties and tossed her thong at Allie. Allie smiled and put on Kelli's thong and the two laughed about it. Allie gave Kelli a big hug.
"That was great, sis," Allie said to her. "I have plans for tonight now."
Kelli smiled, "Do they involve staying in your room?" Allie smiled at Kelli and walked into her bedroom, leaving the door open.
By: Amoeba