It was the beginning of the new year, and the end of our vacation away from the real world. We were on our way back to Virginia, Chris and I, and it was a awful day, dreary and rainy, to match our mood. Neither of us wanted to leave North Carolina and go back to our jobs, to not seeing each other every day. I had decided that morning, after a particularly rousing round of morning sex, that I would indulge Chris's little fetish and not go to the bathroom until we arrived home that evening. I had learned about his fascination with female desperation and wetting a few months before and the idea had started to grow on me. I even found myself getting turned on whenever I had to go, and had discovered that peeing during an orgasm heightened the sensation. Chris liked to say that I had come over to the "yellow side".I was always in a constant state of horniness it seemed and it was an almost seven hour car ride, not including how much time we would spend stopping to eat. I knew that my desperation would arouse him and maybe, if I played my cards right, I could get him to compensate me. As we settled into the car for our long journey back to Richmond, I realized I drank three glass of liquid at breakfast, and hadn't peed since 7:30 during our morning romp. It was now almost 10 o'clock and the seven hour car ride seemed daunting, but I was determined. We stopped briefly for some coffee to keep us awake and I knew the twenty ounces of deliciousness would come back to haunt me but I sipped away. About halfway through the ride, I noticed the growing fullness in my bladder, and then immediately the gentle ache deep within my vagina. I shifted a bit, trying to determine whether I was horny or just had the urge to pee, and then decided it was both. Trying to contain my grin, I reached for my jacket in the back seat to cover my lap. Now was the perfect time to play and I wanted to keep Chris guessing as long as possible.I spread the coat across my lap and kept one arm tucked underneath and told Chris that was cold and squeezed his hand. He shrugged, unaware of my intentions. I let my seat back a bit and settled down as if to take a nap and slowly started to unbutton my jeans. Then, as quietly as I could, I slid the zipper down and slipped my hand inside. I closed my eyes and stroked the lace covering my mound, holding back a moan. A stole a glance at Chris to make sure he wasn't looking and sure enough, his eyes were glued to the road. Slowly I eased my hand under the fabric and slipped a finger inside my lips, pressing gently on my clit. Either he noticed the movement or I let a sound escape because suddenly the jacket was yanked away and I quickly removed my hand. Chris glanced at me knowingly and shook his head. I grabbed the jacket and insisted I was cold but it was too late, he already knew, which is exactly what I wanted all along. "Horny?" He asked with a sly grin."Always." I replied as I slipped my hand back inside my lacy panties."No." He forced his hand under mine and shoved my fingers up and out. I pouted at him, playing along, and furtively tried to snake my way around his thick, strong hand. "I'm bored, horny, and I want to play.""This is MY playtoy." He responded."Well, play then." I retorted as I squirmed against his fingers, pressing him into my clit with the hand being denied access. "You'd like that wouldn't you?" He teased.And suddenly he was moving against me, his fingers stroking me, rubbing me rhythmically and I cried out in ecstasy clutching his arm. As his pace quickened, I could feel the orgasm build deep inside of me. I steeled myself for the release, knowing full well I couldn't cum (since I was a messy squirter) or else I'd starting pee myself and there was nothing to clean up with. My muscles tightened, my thighs clenching his hand and my nails digging into his forearm. Higher and higher I climbed until suddenly my entire body exploded and waves of ecstasy rolled through every muscle, nerve, and fiber of my being. I quickly grabbed his hand, yanking it away and shook my head. "No. More. Please." I panted. I was spent and my clit was far too sensitive to handle anymore. I sighed and relaxed my clenched muscles as he stroked my thigh, grinning like a little catholic schoolboy who had the pleasure of finishing the communion wine after Mass."Ready for more?"I shot him a look, "not yet!" I grinned seductively. "How hard was it to concentrate on driving?""Pretty damn hard. About as hard as my dick right now."Not trusting his exaggeration, I reached over his lap and felt for myself. Sure enough, I could feel him straining against the thick jean fabric. Snatching my jacket and tossing it in the back seat, he left me exposed to the passing cars."But what if someone sees me?""I don't care." He shrugged nonchalantly."Too bad we can't have sex right now," I teased. Smiling butwithout acknowedlging my comment, he changed the subject and I settled down into the seat, still pantless. A bit later, I glanced over and he seemed lost in the road ahead. Horny again, like always, I ventured, "May I have another orgasm?"He smiled devilishly, looking me over, pausing on my naked thighs and lace clad vagina. "After lunch. But only if you promise you won't cum or pee while we're in the car. You have to wait until we get home."I thought it over, weighing the three plus hours of driving left (plus an hour spent on lunch) coupled with the growing desperation in my groin. Suddenly the pressure in my bladder seemed a bit more pressing. "Fuck it," I thought, "I can do this.""Deal!" I practically yelled I was so giddy. His touch was incomparable and there wasn't much I wasn't willing to do to get more of it. After what seemed like an eternity, we found a little diner in Virginia to stop at and eat lunch. I said a little prayer for quick service as we walked in. The pressure was growing, I was still wet from my orgasm, and I ached to be touched again. My prayers, however, went answered as we were met with the most painfully slow service I've ever received. Avoiding my water, Chris, knowing about my growing discomfort, gleefully goaded me to drink more. After what seemed like another eternity, we paid the bill, left with a to–go cup of ice water and got back on the highway.Not five minutes were we on the road before I was practically begging Chris to touch me again. He just smiled and nodded, watching as I quickly yanked the jacket over my lap, and then wiggling out of my jeans and underwear. He slowly reached over, caressed my stomach and inched his way down. As he pressed his thick, strong fingers against my aching clit, he glanced over, a surprised look on his face, "holy shit, you're still really wet!"I laughed, "I told you!" He shook his head, smiling, and then gave me another mind blowing orgasm. Stopping him again when I simply couldn't handle it, I sighed and inwardly groaned at my bladder. It was nearing its limit and we still at least an hour of driving. A few minutes later, I cursed my sex drive, I was still horny and wanted release. Again. Chris looked at me and knowing what I wanted he made me a proposition. "If you drink all the water in the to–go cup, you can have another orgasm."He sat there smiling, feigning concentration on the road. He was being mean and he knew it. But it turned me, him ordering me around, giving me directions, withholding rewards until I did something that satisfied him. As much as I loved being in control of my life, in the bedroom I enjoyed being dominated. I picked up the cup, my bladder balking at the water before I had even taken a sip, and drank every last drop as quickly as I could. Seeing I had finished, Chris reached over and gently pressed on my full bladder, grinning slyly. I shot him a desperate look and his grin deepened."I did my job, now you do yours." And so he did, and I finally felt satiated. Fifteen minutes before we reached home, I started nearing my limit. My bladder ached for release and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. Knowing it would turn him on, I didn't try to hide my growing desperation from Chris. Every bump in the highway sent my muscles clenching and I begged him to avoid the bumpy spots, which only meant that he sought them out after that. By the time we got home and parked, I was ready to bust. I could feel my juices mix with a slight wetness from my bladder and I wondered if I'd even make it in the house."You know you can't use the bathroom, right? You have to pee on me.""I don't care where I go, as long as I can go!"We rushed inside, leaving our luggage in the car and I ran up the stairs to our bedroom as quickly as I could. Hobbling into the bedroom, I could feel the hot piss slowly try to ease its way out and I crossed my legs, steadying myself against the bed. "Hold on baby, you can go in a minute." He grinned excitedly. Quickly stripping, he spread towels on the floor, and then laid down, looking at me expectantly. I stood there, immobilized, afraid that if I moved I would open the flood gates and piss would start streaming down my legs."Come on baby, it'll be alright, hold yourself if you need to." Sighing, I hobbled over to where he lay, moaning from the pressure that was dying to be released. Planting myself squarely over his stomach, I spread my lips apart and let go. The hot stream bounced off his chest, breaking out in every direction, hitting his face and all I could see through my relief was the look of astonishment on his face. I knew he'd always dreamt of this, and here I was, making his dream come true.Moving my hands to the wall to brace myself against the intense pleasure I received from the relief, I emptied my bladder and he watched as the rivers of yellow ran down my legs, soaking the towels beneath him. Collapsing, I lowered myself on top of him, resting my forehead against his wet chest, trying to slow my breathing and I found myself peeing again, directly on his dick. After a moment I lifted my head, smiling at him. He smiled back, "I love you.""I know."
By: Miss Miller