My Bulging Bladder again
  Victoria's Bulging Bladder-2
by Victoria

V10 - My Piss Holding Dare! I Pee in a Jug!

It's MY PISSING CONTEST!

She's peeing into her big cup and with each new pee, she tries to better her previous piss

Was she bursting? Was she peeing over a litre? The answer is YES!

She starts at 1.1 litres, it's a great pee, but . . . .

She tries to outpee herself and she succeeds! Ending with a massive (and heavy to carry) 1.6 litres of clear hot pee!

I use my big pee funnel because I pee so hard, I have such fun peeing with my personal pissing competitionVictoria's words:

I told you I was going to do a fun peeing competition with myself earlier? Well, here I am with my big glass 2 litre piss cup and my big pissing funnel and of course, my lovely big bladder, so I'm all ready for my fun bladder holding challenge, my peeing contest to perform, for you, by myself, on my own, in private, in my bathroom at home.

It's fascinating, by using a funnel I get all the lovely sounding peeing sounds crystal clear.

I often measure my bladder capacity, it's a fun thing to do and it's interesting to actually see how much pee I can hold. When I measure my pee, I try hard to aim into the jug, aiming into the pouring part because it's wider and sometimes it works out (I'm not good at accuracy) and sometimes it doesn't and it sprays because of my long pussy lips and my hot pee goes on my legs and my feet, it happens a lot when I push my pee out to make my lovely hissing pee noise and doing it with a funnel you can hear the sound of my peeing pussy without the extra noise of my piss stream dropping into water in a toilet. It's fascinating, by using a funnel I get all the lovely sounding peeing sounds, so when I really push my pee out it doesn't matter if it sprays - oh joy!

Some women can do a nice neat thick pee jet, I've seen them on the 'net, but oh no, not me, when I'm standing and force my pee stream, it turns into an uncontrollable pee spray, it flys everywhere, I get so mad at it! I think it's got to be my large labia and I get so annoyed that I'm blessed with these large piss flaps! Anyhow, my peeing problem is solved because now I use a plastic funnel and the little beauty catches all of my fast pee stream and then every drop of my pee collects in my lovely clean 2 litre glass cup.

I'm sorry about the slight jug noise on the bathroom floor, I move the jug occasionally when I change my pissing position, so if you can imagine me, with my phone in one hand and my piss jug in the other and trying to position my fanny over the jug's narrow opening, it's quite an achievement and quite a spectacle I bet! I love watching my piss jug fill, the sides of it go all misty with the warmth and I really love the sound it makes, it's so clear, it's a sort of ringing echo inside the jug?

Here's a picture of my peeing jug in action! Look at all one and a half litres of my lovely clear peeI have to do my personal pissing contest recordings in the bathroom at my place, so I'm restricted when I can do this fun, lone pissing competition and I have to save it all up until I get home, that's the bad bit really, drinking tea, coffee and water all day and carrying a bulging bladder that's getting more uncomfortable by the minute.

When I get in I'm nearly doing a pee dance, I have to get one leg out of my jeans and pants, I squat down ready and I put my phone right by my pussy so the recording is nice and clear and because the pee only has to travel a short distance to the funnel or the jug, it picks up all the piss n' pussy sounds that aren't normally captured on my other recordings, I was fascinated when I played it back, wow the pee sounds are absolutely crystal clear!

Please have a play of my free pee sample below and you'll hear what I mean

I'd love to know what you think, have a play of my free pee sample, I bet you haven't heard a girl pee as clear as that! Please have a play of my free pee sample below and you'll hear what I mean, I bet you've never heard a clearer pissing pussy! By the way, I know that my pissing efforts are always appreciated by you guys, thank you so much for your emails, I reply to some of them, but not all, sorry, but I do tend to go and answer the polite ones. Hey but whether I answer you or not, I do take notice of your praise, your comments, your criticism and your ideas for my kinky peeing, some are brilliant, thank you!

Here's my Pee Contest Performance List

The longest pee on this recording is three minutes and twenty seconds - phew!

There's 11 separate pisses on my fun pissing competition download, all the pees are recoded on .mp3 and they all sound different. All my tracks are separated with me doing an Aaaaahhh! The complete mp3 recording is just over 24 minutes.

I'm putting the 1.1 litre piss first, the time on that is a minute and a half, the longest pee on this recording is three minutes and twenty seconds! That's right at the end, it's where I pee 1.6 litres! That really was a belly buster!

I don't always use the funnel, I get bored after about a minute of pissing and I want to make different sounds and I want to push to hiss, so there's a variation in sounds which is good I think . . . . This personal pissing contest is a bit of my own pee fun from me to you, it was my idea for something different.

Here is the list of quantities starting from the first recording:

1) I piss for 1.24 seconds and I do 1.160 mls - a good start!

2) I piss for 2.04 seconds and I do 1.2 mls exactly.

3) I piss for 2.36 seconds and I do a shade over 1.3 mls.

4) I piss for 1.36 seconds and I do 1.38 mls.

5) I piss for 3.35 seconds and I do a shade over 1.4 mls.

6) I piss for 1.31 seconds and I do 1.42 mls - it's getting hard to hold now, maybe because I have to be sober!

7) I piss for 1.05 seconds and I do 1.48 mls - this is my fastest time, I really squeezed this pee out as I had someone waiting for me downstairs and I was bursting to go and I didn't want to waste it!

8) I piss for 2.33 seconds and I do 1.49 mls - I really overdid this pee at the start, I peed full force and I hurt my bladder, but, being in mid-flow, I carried on peeing, but I found it difficult to pee as it hurt my bladder muscles.

9) I piss for 2.32 seconds and I do 1.51 mls - it might have been a bit more, but I took my eye off the ball and I pissed on the floor, splashed my jeans and soaked my sock! I was annoyed to say the least, I hate wasting my precious pee!

10) I piss for 2.15 seconds and I do 1.54 mls - phew! This is like watching paint dry! Such a lot of effort and only going up by small increments, I'm squeezing my dregs like mad to get the last few drops out, or otherwise I have to start again!

11) I piss for 3.23 seconds and I do - wait for it . . . 1.6 litres!! When I finished and went to pick it up I had to use both hands it was soooo heavy! The jug was hot too and the contents swirling round was clear, almost drinkable?

So, unless I can do a measured piss when I'm drunk, that's it, I just cannot beat this record, but it's fairly respectable I think. All done for you and me with sheer determination xx V

Pissing in a jug isn't very horny, but it's been fun, I've tried to make my pissing interesting for you by varying my pee speeds and sexy girlie sounds (gushing, hard spraying, hissing, pumping etc) and I've enjoyed introducing something different & add more peeing fun to my site.

Yours, Victoria, with kisses and lots of pisses! xx

