Kathy's First Time

FICTION by L. Morgan

This story may be copied, posted or distributed. Please acknowledge the name of the author.

Kathy's First Time       by L. Morgan, March 1996

I'm a 22 year old woman. I live in a suburban area outside Boston. I had my first accident as an adult when I was 19.

It was a really hot day in late July, and my friend Sue and I had spent most of the day at the beach. We went back to her house at about 4:30 in the afternoon, feeling lazy, bored, and hungry. We went and picked up a pizza and a six pack of beer. Sue had a couple of rented movies that she had picked out the night before, but she hadn't seen them yet. So we spent the next three and a half hours eating pizza, drinking beer, and watching movies. When the movies were over, we watched TV for a while, and finished off the beer.

It was now about 9:15 pm, and Sue realized that she had to return the movies by 9:30 or she would be charged for another day's rental. So we rushed out of the house to take the videos back. This being the famous heat wave of 1995, it was still almost 80 degrees out. We jumped into the car in shorts, tank tops and bare feet.

The video store was about a mile and half away. As we pulled into the parking lot, I felt the urge to pee coming on. We had drank three beers each, and I hadn't used the bathroom all evening. We went inside, and since the store was open until 10:00, Sue started looking for another movie to rent. I looked around the store, but didn't see anything that looked like a bathroom. The was only one door marked "employees only." I thought about asking the clerk, but I didn't really have to go that badly, do I decided to wait until we got home.

Sue picked out another movie, and we got back in the car. As we pulled away, Sue asked if I wanted to get some ice cream. It sounded like a good idea at the time; the car wasn't air conditioned and the heat, even at night, was stifling. The urge to pee was getting a bit stronger now, and I decided that I would go at the ice cream place, which was another half mile or so away.

But we never got to the ice cream place. On the way there, Sue's car sputtered and died at a traffic light. "Shit!" she said as she tried to start the car. It was turning over, but very slowly, and it wouldn't catch. "I told my sister this car needed a new battery," she muttered. We waited a few minutes and Sue tried the engine again. This time it was even weaker. Sue pounded the steering wheel in frustration. "Fuck," she said out loud. "We'll have to call my sister to come pick us up."

The tension in my bladder was increasing, and now I was beginning to get worried. I had to find a bathroom soon, and it looked like we weren't going to be home for a while. "I've gotta pee," I said to Sue. She chuckled. "I know," she said. "I do too. It's all that beer." Down the road, we could see the lights of what looked like a small strip mall. As we got out of the car, I realized that neither one of us was wearing shoes.

So there we were, stuck in the middle of Suburban Boston on a Sunday night, with a dead battery, running around barefoot, looking for a pay phone and a restroom.

The only place open in the shopping center was a small convenience store. The phones were mounted on the wall outside. We went inside, and the cold blast of air from the air conditioning sent chills through my legs, making my problem more pressing. The clerk behind the counter looked like she was about 16 years old.

"May I use your washroom" I asked her. "No, I'm sorry," she said mechanically. "We don't have a public restroom." Sue shrugged, and asked her to change a dollar bill for the phone.

We went back outside to use the phone. "Sue, I've really gotta pee," I said. "I know," she said. "I do too. Let me call Liz and then we'll find someplace to go." Sue dialed the number, waited, and then frowned. The line was busy. Sue hung up, and we looked at each other. "She'll be off in a few minutes," she said. I looked around nervously. There didn't seem to be anything else open in the immediate area. A public park with a baseball diamond didn't look too promising. There was a field house, but I knew it wouldn't be open on a Sunday night. A large, monolithic office building loomed over us on the opposite corner, dark and foreboding.

Sue tried her sister again. Bingo! She answered the phone on the third ring. It took Sue a good five minutes to explain what had happened and where we were, and when she finally hung up I was really worried about finding a toilet. Sue announced that her sister would pick us up in about ten minutes. "Sue," I said, trying to hide the panic in my voice. "I can't wait any more. I've gotta find a bathroom." "I don't know what's open around here," she said. She obviously didn't have to go that badly. So we went back into the store. The clerk looked up, surprised that we were back. I sheepishly explained our situation. "We kinda got stranded here, and I've really gotto go to the bathroom," I said, crossing my legs nervously. The clerk looked at me. "I'm really not allowed to let anyone back there. There's a McDonald's right behind that office building, but I don't know if they're open."

By now I knew that if I didn't find a bathroom, I wasn't going to make it home without wetting my pants. Sue and I hurried across the street, with Sue babbling something about how her sister wouldn't be able to find us if we didn't hurry back. Thank God they're open, I thought as we walked into the brightly lit store. The cold blast hit me again, and I squeezed my legs together. I tiny drop of pee seeped out into my crotch.

"Excuse me," said the woman sweeping the floor. "You can't come in here without shoes on." I stopped in my tracks, barely hearing what she had said. I was so worried about wetting myself that it just wasn't sinking in. "Can we just use the ladies' room?" Sue asked. "You can't be in here without shoes," the woman responded harshly. It's against the health code." Sue politely tried to explain that our car had broken down, and that we were stuck here, but the woman wouldn't change her mind. Sue just shrugged and said something about getting back over to the store where we were supposed to meet her sister.

Now I was desperate. "How long till your sister gets here?" I asked. "About ten minutes," she answered. I knew I wouldn't make it home. I sat down slowly on the curb of the parking lot of the convenience store, and wondered how I had gotten into this ridiculous situation. As my ass hit the ground, my muscles relaxed a bit, and I felt a few drops of pee trickle into my underwear. "Shit," I said quietly. I stood up quickly, terrified of losing complete control. I looked down at my crotch, afraid of what I might see there. But there was no evidence of my problem; so far my underwear was doing a pretty good job.

"What's wrong?" Sue asked, staring at me. Then a look of comprehension spread across her face. "Just hold on," she chuckled. "Think about something else." I tried to follow her advice, but a few moments later I felt pee leaking into my panties again. Desperate now, I rushed back into the convenience store to plead with the clerk one more time. Sue followed me in, trying to keep from laughing.

The clerk was loading pop into the refrigerated case on the back wall of the store, and she looked up as we approached her. By now I was so nervous and scared I could hardly walk. "Could I please use your bathroom?" I begged, shifting from one foot to the other. The clerk frowned at us. "I told you I can't let anyone back there," she said, clearly annoyed with us. "Did you try the McDonald's across the street?" Sue began to explain: "They wouldn't let us in in bare feet," she said, lifting her foot up to show the clerk.

My floodgates opened. I jerked my legs together in a last ditch effort to hold it, but it was too late. A long, steady stream of pee flowed into my underwear, quickly soaking through my shorts. "Fuck," I said out lout. Sue and the clerk were looking at my crotch. I looked down, and a large wet spot was spreading across the front of my shorts. Pee was running down my legs and onto the floor.

The clerk was covering her mouth, trying to hide the fact that she was giggling. Sue was laughing out loud now. "Well, I guess it's too late now," she bubbled. I felt my face flush and a lump formed in my throat. I started to cry softly.

A pair of headlights gleamed in the window of the store. "She's here," Sue announced. We left the store, with the clerk still giggling and staring after us. Sue's sister Liz couldn't believe what had just happened. The two of them couldn't stop laughing, and eventually I gave up and laughed with them. I sat there staring at my shorts, wondering if I would ever be able to live this down.

Then I had to stand outside while Sue and her sister jump-started the car. By now my pants were actually starting to dry. When the got the car started, Sue finally took me home, and her sister went her own way. When Sue dropped me off she asked if she could come in for a few minutes. I told her I was really tired, and wanted to take a shower and go to sleep. Sue looked at me, giggling. "I really have to pee now," she finally admitted.

I never did let Sue in to use the toilet. But what happened to her is for another story.

