Something was very wrong with the world today...why is the sky purple, why are the trees green, why am I surrounded by Smurfs, oh well. Ashley skipped through the forest oblivious to everything around her, and then it hit her. Sheesh, I gotta pee pretty badly. Oh there is a toilet right next to that tree, she thought. When she got to the toilet the lid wouldn't open. "What's wrong with this stupid thing? Wait, why is there a toilet in the forest?" But at this point she really didn't care, she needed to go and now. *BANG* *BANG* *BANG*! "What was that noise??" The world started to get fuzzy. *BANG* *BANG* *BANG*!!! The world was getting black...
She opens her eyes and Drill Sgt. Gomez is staring right at her, he is screaming something, but Ashley is still too sleepy to understand what he is saying. "GET THE HELL UP AND PUT YOUR SHOES ON DAMNIT!" She scrambles for her shoes and slips into them as fast as she can.
"Private Wolfe, Who is your battle buddy?"
"Private Bush Drill Sergeant" she replied.
"WELL WHERE IS SHE?" Ashley looked around but could not spot her; finally she saw her coming out of the restroom.
"Right there, Drill Sergeant."
"PRIVATE BUSH, WHY IS YOUR BATTLE BUDDY STILL IN BED, WHY DID YOU NOT WAKE HER?"
"I am sorry Drill Sergeant," she said in a meek voice, "I just had to use the bathroom so badly, I wasn't thinking."
Hearing this made Ash think about her needs too, and even though it was only a dream she really did need to go.
"PRIVATE BUSH PUT YOUR SHOES ON."
"Yes Drill Sergeant."
"NOW, you two follow me outside."
"Yes Drill Sergeant."
"SHUDDUP AND GET OUTSIDE."
Once we were outside he stood us together next to our phase banner (Some weird flag on a stick) and told us to wait there while he made sure everyone else was up.
"I am so sorry Wolfe I just had to pee so bad"
"It's ok Bush, they just have to be dicks; it's their job"
"Still I shoulda woke you, but I had never had to go so bad in my life."
"I know what you mean, I will need to piss very soon myself or we will have problems."
"You ok?"
"Not really, I feel like I am about to explode over here."
"YOU TWO SHUT THE HELL UP AND GET DOWN!"
We dropped to what everyone called 'The front leaning rest.' It didn't feel like rest to me, or like I am leaning on anything at all, they should just call it what it is, push up position. At least push ups are easy, I got lucky with my Battle Buddy (Person you share bunk with) she was a gymnast in high school, so neither of us have any problems doing physical fitness. After we had both done about 40 push–ups, he yelled at us to roll over and do sit–ups. I was afraid this would happen. I almost couldn't stand the sit–ups; the pressure on my bladder was almost unbearable. I had no idea what was coming was so much worse.
"SINCE YOU FEEL LIKE SLEEPING IN, AND YOU FEEL LIKE LETTING HER, WE WILL HAVE OUR OWN LITTLE PT FUN WHILE THE REST OF THE COMPANY DOES NORMAL PT."
I didn't know how much longer I was gonna last, PT was normally 2 hours long, but we were already outside and first formation wasn't for another 20 minutes. Another 10 minutes to the PT field, then PT, then 10 minutes back, so I was looking at a little over 3 hours. There was no way I was gonna make it.
"GET UP"
"Oh thank God," I thought to myself, maybe he was just trying to scare us.
"NOW DO THE SIDE STRADDLE HOP!"
OH SHIT, for all you non–military people, the side straddle hop is the name the military has for jumping jacks. This was bad, very bad; there was no way I would last very long doing jumping jacks. The pounding of my bladder up and down hurt so bad I almost couldn't bear it.
"Drill Sergeant I..."
"SHUT UP DAMNIT, NO ONE TOLD YOU TO SPEAK, KEEP GOING, I WILL BE RIGHT BACK," and with that he disappeared.
"There is no way, I swear I am going to piss myself right here!"
"That bad?"
"Worse, I feel as if I might start pissing right this second!"
"Don't worry I think I got a plan"
"WHY THE HELL ARE YOU TWO STILL TALKING, DO THE DONKEY KICK NOW!!!"
Just so you know, the donkey kick is something everyone has done at one point or another, it's when you jump straight up and kick yourself in the ass, funny to watch, very tiring to do, and even worse in my situation, whatever Bush was gonna do she needs to do it now.
"OW."
"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING, GET UP."
Bush tried to rise to her feet and fell again.
"I don't think I can Drill Sergeant, I think I might have sprained my ankle."
"DAMNIT BUSH, CAN'T YOU DO A DAMN THING RIGHT, YOU TWO STAY RIGHT HERE I WILL BE RIGHT BACK."
"Is this your plan?"
"Yeah hopefully he will let us stop, and let me go inside and lie down for a bit, since your my battle buddy you will have to come so I am not alone, then when we get inside you can pee."
"If I can hold it that long" Ashley says, biting her lip.
All the sudden the Drill Sergeant came around the corner with a van.
"Get in!"
"Where are we going Drill Sergeant?"
"SICK CALL GET IN THE DAMN VAN, WOLFE– HELP HER IN FOR FUCK'S SAKE!"
We sat in the van in total silence while I tried with every last ounce of strength I had to keep from pissing myself. We finally got to sick call, which is the military version of a hospital, I thought we were home free and that I just might make it, but as we got out to go in Drill Sergeant came with us. When we got to the sign in sheet I signed my name and moved so my battle buddy could sign hers. I helped her to her chair and sat down while I watched the Drill Sergeant talk to the chick behind the counter. Praying he would leave because I just knew that if I tried to get up and leave while he was here he would tell me to sit down, then when he finally did leave and I tried to get up the female behind the counter would tell me to sit down because he had told me to.
I was in a really bad spot, I could not remember a time where I had ever needed to pee this bad, and it took every last ounce of my strength to hold the piss I already had behind my peehole. I started to sweat and while trying not to draw any attention to myself was holding myself so hard I was practically pinching my peehole shut. There was no way in hell I was going to last much longer. Finally Drill Sergeant left, as soon as the door closed I bolted for the bathroom.
"Where are you going?"
"I was going to the bathroom, Specialist."
"Hurry the hell up"
So I moved as fast as I could toward the bathroom, just as I got there just knowing that I was that close to the toilet made me have to go twice as bad, I grabbed myself and pulled up so hard I thought I might pick myself off the ground. I grabbed the knob and turned, to my surprise it was locked. I started to beat on the door with my free hand.
"Fuck, I will be out in a second, chill the fuck out!"
This was too much, there was no way in hell I was going to make it, the pee started to trickle out a little bit, I put my finger directly on my peehole and pressed up as hard as I could, this made it a million times worse, now my bladder and body was pushing with everything it had against my peehole, but I had my peehole blocked with my finger so the liquid could not go anywhere, finally the door opened and I almost knocked the girl down to get into the bathroom. There was no way in hell I was going to be able to pull my shorts down like this, the only thing I could think of was to piss in my shorts but move them to the side where the piss wouldn't get on my shorts but only go through the spandex I was wearing. Spandex is thin and would dry very easily if I needed it to. So I stepped in a position overtop of the toilet and with my free hand I pulled my shorts to the side and let go. The feeling of finally letting go of all that pent up piss sent me into the shakes, my legs started to buckle and my whole body felt weak, I lost grip on my shorts and they almost fell into the stream but I grabbed them... just a little too hurriedly I almost yanked them off, but the fabric ran across my severely swollen labia and that was it, sent me into one of the strongest orgasms I had ever experienced in my life, my legs let go and I fell on the toilet.
When it was all done I stripped of my clothes, washed my spandex in the sink and rung them out as hard as I could, when I put them on they were still just a little bit wet. I went back and my friend was gone. I sent her a silent prayer and waited for the rest of the day to proceed.
By: Lionheartyz