The following story is a true account which was retold to me by my friend Amber. Names have been changed but details have been kept completely true as they were recounted to me. This story includes female desperation and female wetting.Amber was 18 at the time, a bit curvier/heavier with double D breasts, dirty blonde medium length wavy hair, an ample bottom and a very pretty face. We have been best friends for years so she filled me in on some of the more intimate details most friends probably wouldn't share. Based on outings with her, she has an average bladder but alcohol goes right through her. On this day she was wearing tight light washed skinny jeans and a red and white low cut tanktop. She favored cotton boyshort panties with colorful designs.Amber was driving home from Disney World to her father's house. The drive is usually about an hour and fourty five minutes, depending on which direction you decided to take. While at Disney she had illegally snuck a few beers out of the cups of older friends and drank several frozen lemonades due to the Florida heat. Knowing Amber, she bought a 24 oz Diet Coca–cola on her way out of the park and headed home. As the story was retold to me, she used the bathroom on her way out of the park but didn't really feel like she emptied her bladder fully. Friends were waiting outside the restrooms to give hugs and say their goodbyes so she didn't want to spend forever emptying all of her pent up pee. She cut the flow about 3/4 of the way through and hurried out to say goodbye to her friends.As an inexperienced driver, she called her father and asked for directions for the fasted route home. He insisted on a route she was unfamiliar with and Amber immediately got lost. After a short late–night conversation with him she was able to get back on track but it tacked an extra twenty or twenty five minutes to her drive home to get back on right track.As Amber drove down the highway her bladder started to fill with the day's beers, lemonades and diet coke. She continued to drive on the unfamiliar path and while her need wasn't urgent, she had already finished her 24 oz diet coke and was growing increasingly uncomfortable. Amber started to look for an open gas station, rest stop, or anything open but it was almost midnight and she was in the middle of nowhere. About fifteen or twenty minutes passed....Amber wasn't bursting just yet, but she certainly felt the liquid filling her bladder and wanted to relieve the pent up pressure. Since she was alone in the car she was able to unbutton her jeans and squirm, but it was only providing her minimal relief. The liquid continued to stretch her bladder and smoosh against her tight skinny jeans. She was finding it difficult to concentrate on the road and missed the exit her father had recommended she take. "Shit!" She yelled out to no one in particular, quickly trying to find a way to do an illegal u–turn to make her exit. Just as she made her exit illegally, Amber saw the bright red and blue lights of a police car light up behind her. She pulled over quickly and scrambled to find her license, registration, and rebutton her jeans. The extra pressure on her bladder did not help but she was trying her best to not act nervous as she had been drinking underage earlier in the evening. The officer approached her window, took her identification, and went back to his car to run her information. While Amber waited on the officer she took this opportunity to cross her legs and even sneak a hand into her crotch. All of the interruptions, the copious amounts of liquids, and the nervousness of getting a ticket had excelled her from moderate need to pee to a desperate need. The officer took his sweet time writing up a ticket and by the time he returned to her window Amber had been squirming around in her car for at least ten minutes. Before the officer left she desperately asked if he knew of an open restroom but he shook his head. She was really starting to become desperate with the volume of urine sloshing around in her bladder but didn't have any choice but try to make it the next hour home.Amber continued driving until she finally got to an area she somewhat recognized, which is an overpass type highway with fences to prevent people from driving into the deep ditches and canals on the sides of the road. Florida has a lot of swampland off this particular state road and is infamous for late night accidents and car break downs. Anytime I drive down this highway I am very careful because it's so easy to hydroplane into a ditch and total your car. The cement walls were a newer addition and stopped a lot of accidents, but unfortunately didn't allow for any desperate drivers to stop by the side of the road for much needed relief. Amber needed to pee so badly at this point she was holding her crotch through her pants regularly and speeding just slightly over the speed limit, hoping to make it home or at least to the local 24 hour Wal–Mart near her dad's place. Because of her recent ticket she didn't want to speed too much and risk another expensive ticket but she couldn't bear to drive the speed limit with her bulging bladder crushed inside of her jeans. With all the interruptions and obstacles she probably had another forty five minutes home and really wasn't sure she could make it. Amber unbuttoned her jeans again and adjusted the seat belt as to not press on her distended bladder, but she still didn't receive the relief she so badly craved. She had one hand jammed in her crotch, massaging her poor pee hole as she drove and was constantly switching positions trying to find a way to drive straight and keep her thighs close together.
At this point Amber had a decent amount of liquid in her bladder and had been needing to pee pretty badly for over an hour. Had she seen anywhere to comfortably stop she would have ages ago, and was beginning to doubt her ability to make it home. Amber wasn't above popping a squat beside her car and was desperately searching for a place she could pull off and let loose an explosion of piss, but to no avail. The particular highway she was on had about four foot cement walls on each side of the road to protect from car accidents but Amber was nearing having an accident of her own. She couldn't dart off into the woods to relieve herself, and even pulling over on the shoulder and peeing next to her car wasn't much of an option because she would have to pee directly in the street and would be putting herself in danger of being spotted by passer by's as well as getting hit by a car. It was late in the evening but this highway led to the rest of Central Florida and there was still enough traffic on the road that she didn't feel comfortable risking it to take a much needed bathroom break.The trip to her house continued on and Amber was beginning to seriously doubt she could make the next twenty minutes to her exit. Her bladder was bulging at least an extra few cms than usual and her sphincter muscles were starting to weaken. Just when she had about fifteen minutes left until her exit, Amber felt a two second spurt into her panties. She jammed her hands hard into her crotch and attempted to steer with her knees, trying to fight off the urge to wet herself. The bladder spasm ended and Amber continued to drive, really putting the pedal to the metal trying to find a bathroom or at least an open area to explode in before her pants got any wetter. About a minute later another spurt escaped, this time causing a seven or eight second spurt, resulting in a visible wet spot on her jeans. Knowing she was losing the battle, Amber finally found a shoulder to pull over onto and scrambled for the empty 24 oz diet coke bottle. She tried to hold her aching pee hole with one hand and stave off the dam for a few more seconds as she leaned into the backseat to search for the bottle. Her car was always full of trash, towels, clothes, bathing suits, empty fast food bags, and school books. While Amber frantically searched for the bottle her change in position created more pressure on her bladder and the dam broke.Hours of pent of golden liquid poured out of her, first pooling in her boyshort underwear then spilling into her jeans. Her bottom was soaked completely as pee continued to cascade down her legs and onto the leather of her car seats. She moaned in despair as she lost the battle with her bladder, letting it empty all over the console of her car and into her seat. There was so much piss pouring out of her poor bladder it began to pour onto the floor, ruining her carpet floor mats with urine. She didn't time it but she claims she peed in her jeans for about two minutes and fifteen seconds. Once her bladder was empty, Amber felt relief flush over her, but was completely embarrassed that she pissed her pants only fifteen minutes from home. Her car was completely soaked so she retrieved a towel from the backseat and tried to soak up as much urine as she could. Since she had a change of pants in the car she switched from her wet jeans and panties to a pair of white sweatpants, no underwear.Once her bladder was empty, she drove the rest of the way to her dad's house relieved but embarrassed, Luckily no one had seen her accident and surely she could clean her car out by the morning. By the time she was to her exit with a ten minute drive to her dad's house her bladder had already refilled and she felt nearly as desperate as before. As most of you know, once a woman empties an extremely full bladder her kidneys refill the bladder almost immediately. Her bladder weakened from her recent accident, she sped the rest of the way home and barely made it to her father's house. In her flustered desperate position she tried to quickly type in the garage code but kept typing the code into the keypad incorrectly. Deciding she couldn't wait to get inside to pee, Amber ran to the side of the house, grateful it was late and no one was about in her quiet suburban neighborhood. She quickly ripped down her white sweatpants and watered the lawn with her pent up pee. She recounted to me later that she was amazed that although this piss session hadn't been quite as long as her accident in the car, she still peed with great force for at least a minute and half. Once her stream came to a trickle Amber retrieved the wet clothes from her trunk, typed the garage code in correctly, and went inside to shower off her accident. By: Olivia Kay