Shayarni swore under her breath as she recrossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together. She was bursting for the loo. Unfortunately for her she was stuck in a massive traffic jam with her boyfriend and wasn't going anywhere for a while. She thought back to what she had drunk that day and wondered how she had held out so long. It had started with a cup of coffee at 6am as she dragged herself out of bed. Another two cups as she went about her morning tasks, a pint of water to hydrate before her morning run and another one as she got back. Just before setting out she had gone to the loo but hadn't peed much. Now, two hours out of the house and caught in the worse traffic jam she had ever seen she gritted her teeth.
Jake, her boyfriend, looked over at her, "you ok love?" he asked, "yeah fine" said Shayarni, knowing how Jake felt about needing to pee and that he didn't like talking about it, preferring to suffer in silence. She took a deep breath and tried to force her mind elsewhere, forcing herself to hold on. She turned to Jake, trying not to jar her aching bladder "how long do you think we will be stuck here?" she asked. "I don't know darling," he replied affectionately, "Probably quite a while, nothing seems to be moving. You look tired, why don't you try and sleep, I've got the cd with soothing music on that you love. You know with the sea sounds on it?" He stuck the cd on before she could protest and the sound of waves crashing nearly did her in. She leant forward quickly, wincing as she did so and switched it off. She turned to Jake with a very forced smile and said "I'm not sleepy and actually that's just going to annoy me at the moment". Jake shrugged and sticking the radio back on began to hum along with an old county and western tune.
Shayarni gritted her teeth and kept the forced smile on her face as she looked out of the window at the unchanging landscape. She fought to stop her legs trembling as she battled the increasing urge to pee. She gripped her knees and recrossed her legs; tightly squeezing her thighs back together. She was dying to squeeze her crotch, to help with the pain and discomfort but that would mean admitting to Jake just how desperate she was and she wanted to keep that knowledge from him for as long as possible. She sat there for another 15 minutes, biting her lip and willing the traffic to move and slowly, very slowly the cars began to move forward. "Thank God" she said out loud. "Yeah I know," said Jake, "I was beginning to get bored!" If only that was my problem thought Shayarni.
Jake looked at the clock on the dashboard and swore, "Babe we are going to be so late," he said, "we are gonna have to nearly break the speed limit to get there on time!"
"Yeah sure" Shayarni said with a slight shake in her voice. Jake looked at her with concern, "you sure you are ok?"
"Yeah yeah, I just have backache, I was hoping to be able to walk around for a few minutes?" Jake looked at the clock again and frowned. "We really don't have time, can you hang on until we get there?" No, thought Shayanrni miserably, "I guess," she said out loud. "Great" smiled Jake, "it looks like they have cleared whatever was causing the jam, and we should make it inside an hour"!
"Fantastic," Shayarni said as her bladder gave a sharp twinge. I'm never gonna make it, thought Shayarni, I'll have wet myself by then. Ok, stop, you are a big girl– you can hang on. With that in mind she set her jaw, determined not to embarrass herself or admit the problem to Jake.
Ten minutes later she wondered if that had been a clever idea. The need to pee had increased massively and she felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself. Suddenly, she had an idea and kicking her shoes off, she manoeuvred herself so she was sat on her heel. With the extra pressure on her crotch she felt back in control. Jake was studiously ignoring her contortions and suddenly she felt really mad with him. Damn his reticence to talk about needing the toilet. As she opened her mouth to tell him they needed to stop, she changed her mind. After all, she thought, we haven't been together that long and I really don't want to put him off me. I'll be fine as long as I stay sitting on my heel, everything will be fine!
A while later, the car pulled off the motorway and Shayarni saw her last chance for a rest stop vanish. She groaned inwardly, realising that whilst they had been on the motorway she at least had the option. Now she really would have to hold it. Jake asked her to pull out the map and she grimaced as she lifted herself off her heel, unable to stifle a gasp from the shock. "Your back?" Jake asked sympathetically. "Yeah yeah," she said, her voice trembling. She reached into the backseat, grabbed the map and landed back on her heel. "Actually, sorry babe, could you grab me a soda? They're in the cool box" Jake asked completely focussed on the road. "Sure" grimaced Shayarni as she leant back again. Jake snapped open the soda and slugged it down. Shayarni pushed down on her heel as the sound of liquid threatened to be her undoing. She quickly worked out how long she had needed to pee for and realised it had been nearly three and a half hours. Three hours too long and her muscles were trembling with the effort and pain of holding it in. "How far off are we hon?" she said to Jake. "Hmm, you will have to check the map but I reckon another 40 minutes, depending on the roads" he replied. 40 minutes thought Shayarni, I am not going to make it. God, I need to pee so badly. I need to pee– I need to pee!! "Want some soda babe?" asked Jake pleasantly, "no!" Shayarni almost shouted. "Something wrong babe? Your back?" asked Jake. "No, Jake I'm sorry, I know you don't like talking about it but I'm dying for the loo, in fact I've needed it since we were in the traffic jam and I'm literally bursting" replied Shayarni. "Won't be long now," said Jake refusing to look at her. "Ok" said Shayarni sullenly as she realised that was all he was going to say, the reaction she had been expecting. Well, she thought, now he knows I'm bursting to pee and my bladder is bulging over my jeans so I can at least wriggle and shift about to get comfortable! She pushed down even harder on her heel, realising it was the only way she could cope. She braced herself for even more holding on, even though by this point every breath made it hurt so much she wanted to scream. "Jake, I'm sorry but we need to stop" she cried. "Shay, you are a big girl can you not hold it till we get there, for heavens sake, we are late already and it isn't far now," Jake replied irritably. "I'll try" Shayarni said in a small voice.
Another 10 minutes passed in complete silence, broken only by Shayarni gasping through the pain and desperately wriggling, trying to find some relief. All she could think of was ripping her jeans and panties down and letting out the long stream of piss that was pent up inside of her. "Jake, I'm sorry but you have to stop, I mean it or I'm going to wet myself in your car. Is that what you want?" Shayarni snapped. "For Christ's sake Shay, get a grip, we are almost there and we are late. Just fucking hold it," yelled Jake. Shayarni flinched. Jake almost never swore and when he did, it meant he was really pissed off. Normally she would care about that but with the pain and discomfort not going away, it really wasn't top of her list of things to worry about. She watched the clock move with such slowness she thought it had stopped.
After another 3 minutes of holding Shayarni knew she was almost at breaking point. "Jake, stop the car," she said. "No" Jake said "there are people around and I am not having you embarrass me". "I'm going to embarrass myself in a minute, I've been holding it for nearly 4 hours and I'm gonna wet my panties!" Suddenly she doubled over, oh God, she thought I've let a little spurt go. Oh god I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee! No, hold on, not long now!
The car shuddered to a stop, jolting her overfilled bladder so badly she almost lost control. "We're here," announced Jake "and there my parents are!"
"What?!" shouted Shayarni. "Oh yeah" Jake replied, "I wanted you to meet my folks and there they are!"
Jake jumped out of the car and ran to hug his mom and dad, leaving Shayarni to figure out how to get out of the car without wetting herself, something she knew was almost certainly about to happen. Indeed her panties were seriously damp by this point. Jake's mom came to the car door and said, "Are you stuck?" She opened the car door and pulled Shayarni out. With the sudden jolt Shayarni released a bit of her pee, dampening her jeans, panicking she forced herself to shut it off. "Oh my" said Jake's mom, as Shayarni grabbed her crotch and squeezed with all her strength, not even able to say hello, because if she stopped concentrating for a second she would wet herself! "The bathroom is this way" called Jake's mom as she walked towards the house, Shayarni doing the most amazing pee dance, bouncing up and down and twisting her body and crossing her legs, as she fought to keep it inside her, mincing across the drive to get to the house. "Now just hold on one second whilst I get the door open," said Jake. "Oh Dad, where are the keys?"
That was all Shayarni could take, with a sharp gasp her pee began trickling down her legs, soaking her crotch and jeans, it started as a trickle, then turned to a massive torrent and it puddled around her feet soaking her shoes as well as the drive. She kept pissing, squatting down, revelling in the feeling of finally emptying herself. When she was finally done, she stood up. Her bladder still aching, she turned to look at Jake, so embarrassed but so relieved. He was facing the other way, refusing to look at her. "Maybe we should have stopped," commented Shayarni, trying to joke to alleviate some of the embarrassment. By the look on Jake's face, as well as that on his mom and dad's she knew it was going to be a long weekend.
By: LJ