Hey everyone, this is my first story, so hope you like it :) I am a female desperation lover, so most of my stories will be based on such situations.
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––
Carla looked into the mirror and smiled – her new date for tonight would be more than satisfied by her appearance tonight. Of course, they all were. Carla was that type of girl who made guys turn round their heads whenever she passed by – she had long black hair, a cute face, tanned, and wonderful figure (28 inch waist) and sexy ass. She never had any shortage of boyfriends, and this was something she reminded all of her girl mates, which was probably why she had very few girl friends. Tonight she was wearing a white blouse and a very short black mini skirt, which exposed her wonderfully crafted legs. Underneath was a white thong, which made her feel even sexier. She looked at the clock. It was 7.15, and her date, a boy called Dave that she met at a party a few days ago, was due to pick her up at 7.30. Seeing that she had some extra time on her hands, she poured herself a glass of wine and set on hour couch, enjoying the feeling she got when she was dressed super sexy like tonight. The power she had over guys was remarkable. Just on time at 7.30, a knock on the door signalled the arrival of Dave.
"Wow, you're looking nice tonight," said Dave. 
"Thanks" said Carla, who couldn't help noticing the bulge in her new dates trousers. "Silly guys", she thought, "you can do all you want with them." "Where are we going?" she asked
"I've booked a table at a nice little place, around 15 minutes from here. We can walk."
"Oh ok", said Carla, who wasn't enjoying the prospect of walking in her high heels.
They stepped out of the house and began walking, with Dave making sure he took a quick peep underneath Carla's skirt every now and again. They arrived at the restaurant, which was an Italian restaurant, and found a nice table at the back. Carla sat down and sexily crossed her legs, grabbing the stares of more than one man in the room.
The waiter came over to them and Dave ordered two plates of pasta and a bottle of wine. They chatted, Dave telling her about his job and Carla about her studies. The wine arrived and they both poured a glass.
"You like it?" said Dave
"Sure, I love wine. What about you?"
"It's ok, wine's not my favourite drink but I like this type."
The food arrived and soon they were hungrily devouring their plates of pasta, along with the wine. Together they drank a whole bottle and ordered another to go with their deserts, which were two scoops of wonderful homemade ice cream. 
"That was good," said Carla, as she ate the last bite of her ice cream. "Where are we off to now?"
"I know a nice quiet little bar down the road, we could go there and maybe have a drink."
"Sure!"
"Hold on, I'll go pay the bill."
Dave got up and went up to the bar. While he was gone, Carla received some flirtatious glances from a couple of men in the restaurant, which she duly returned. Then she heard a ring from her bag; it was her mobile, her friend Kitty.
Dave came back to the table and found Carla chatting with her girl friend. Knowing what girls are like when they get chatty, he excused himself and went to the toilet. When he came back, Carla was still on the phone, so Dave sat back down. Seeing her date's impatient look on his face, Carla found an excuse and cut the conversation off.
"Shall we go?"
"Sure, dear."
They left and walked hand in hand down the quiet road to the bar that Dave mentioned, which was empty apart from a few men watching a football match on a TV that was attached to the wall.
"Ill go and get us a beer," said Dave
"Wine for me please," said Carla.
Dave came back after a few minutes and sat down. Much to Carla's annoyance, he seemed more interested in the football match than her. She wasn't used to such indifference. She got up and got herself another glass of wine, with Dave slowly sipping his beer. With Dave still engrossed in the matched, Carla realised that her bladder was gradually filling up, making her feel mildly uncomfortable. The cold air coming out from the a/c was not helping either, as her legs were bare and getting all goose–pimply.
This was obvious, considering that she hadn't peed since she had a shower, which was now over 3 hours ago. In the meantime, she had gulped down almost a bottle and a half of wine, not to mention a large glass of orange juice she had had just before having her shower. She excused herself and walked to find a loo, which gave the men in the bar the chance to peep at her sexy legs.
"Can you please tell me where the loo is?" she asked the barman.
"I'm sorry madam, but since very few people come in after 11pm, the owner locks the loos and the games room when he leaves, which was about half an hour ago."
"Oh, no problem, thanks anyway"
She walked back to her seat, now feeling the cold of the a/c more than before.
"That was quick," said Dave
"They're closed for the night."
"Oh I see. Are you ok?"
"Yeah, I'll be fine," however, she wasn't at all sure how true that was. Her bladder was suddenly filling up rapidly, to the point where she started squirming her legs more than usual. Luckily, the men were too engrossed in the match to take notice. She didn't want her date to know that she was badly in need of the loo. She was always used to being in control, and didn't like the thought of humiliating herself by telling Dave that she was desperate like a baby girl does to her mother.
10 minutes later, Carla was crossing and uncrossing her legs very often. Luckily, she could give herself a good squeeze under the table without anyone watching. The game on TV finished and Dave said that they should be on their way home.
"Do you want to walk or catch the bus?" he asked.
Carla didn't think that she could walk without doing pee dances in the middle of the road, so she told Dave to catch the bus, bringing up the excuse that her high heels did not permit her to walk so much.
They walked to the bus stop and Carla immediately crossed her legs. The pressure on her bladder was now reaching desperation levels. Good thing I'm not wearing tight jeans, she thought to herself, which she usually wore in her normal day–to–day life in order to show off her sexy butt.
"It's coming," said Dave.
"Good, I'm getting tired."
The bus arrived and Carla climbed up and found an empty seat at the back, crossing her legs tightly. Dave sat next to her and from the corner of her eye admired her tightly crossed legs, which pushed her skirt upwards so that one could almost see her thong.
"You've got lovely legs."
"Thanks," she replied, who wasn't in the mood for these games. She'd been desperate before in her life, but she'd always managed to just make it. She hoped that this time would be the same.
Suddenly the bus went over a pothole and she had to grab her crotch in order to lose control, however, this wasn't enough to stop a little squirt from coming out.
"You OK babe?"
"No," said Carla, who couldn't hide her desperation any longer. "I am busting for a piss, and I don't know how much longer I can hold on."
"Oh" said Dave. "We'll be there in 10 minutes. Why didn't you speak up?"
"I was too embarrassed. I've wanted to go since we were at the restaurant. But I got held up by the phone call and I thought that I could go in the bar, but they were closed."
"I'm sorry, babe," he was surprised to see this hot, sexy girl who always seemed so confident of herself suddenly have a look of sheer desperation and helplessness on her face. He put his arm around her to give her some support.
After a few minutes, Carla was shifting uncontrollably. She simply couldn't sit still, having to press her thighs together and hold her pussy every now and again.
"I'm about to piss myself," she said with tears in her eyes.
"Shall we get off, maybe find you a place to piss in private?"
"Please," she said.
Dave rang the bell and the bus stopped in about a minute. Carla took a few seconds to get up because she was sure she would piss herself if she stood up. Even when she did, she was bent over double. 
They got off the bus and found themselves in a quiet road with a few houses here and there, but no people in sight. Carla was dancing on the spot and holding herself. She suddenly spotted a car parked a few metres away. She rushed behind the car and opened the floodgates without even taking off her pants; she was that desperate to go. After about a minute and a half, the waterfall subsided and Carla got up.
"Are you OK babe?" asked Dave.
"Yeah," said Carla, who was humiliated. She got out a tissue from her handbag and wiped the pee that had flown onto her legs.
"Come here, I'll take you home."
"Thanks, you're a dear," she replied, even though she didn't really want anyone around at that time. Her humiliation was too great. She had pissed herself in front of a date. What would happen if her jealous girl friends got to know? Oh, the shame!
They walked home in silence and arrived in 5 minutes. Dave kissed her goodbye and she went into her house, placed her handbag on the table, and went into the bathroom due to her growing need to piss again.
By: Angel