Dream Team (part 8)

Posted by Tinker, September 1998 

"Hi Diana. Have the new ones arrived yet?" Ann closed the door of the locker room behind her and dumped her sports bag against the wall. Diana looked up from her paperwork. "Hi Ann. No, not yet. Something else did, though." She pointed to a stack of cardboard boxes piled up in the back of her little cabinet. Ann's eyes widened. "Already! Cindy knows her job!" She pushed her way past Diana and started to read the labels on the boxes. "Great! So we're the first ones to try them!" Diana noisily signed the last form, then clearly satisfied put it in an envelope and threw it in the out box. "Done. Now for the fun part." Together they carried the boxes into the locker room and opened them one by one.

"These are sweaters. Oh Diana, just feel this fabric! It's so wonderfully soft. And those skirts..." Soon they had opened them all and carefully sorted out the contents on the benches against the wall. Twenty white turtleneck sweaters with the university logo, twenty white skirts with yellow and red lines at the hem, ten pairs of mostly red sneakers. And fifty pairs of bright red cheerleader panties. "I wonder if they thought that the number of panties was a bit overdone," Ann grinned. "No hair lints any more this year?"

"No, we decided that we wear it loose from now on," Diana answered. "And the boots have been swapped for sneakers. We started to look much like majorettes, with this new gear our dance performance will come out better." 

The door opened and two girls looked inside, apparently unsure if they should enter. "Eh... hello. Is this the cheerleader's locker room?" Diana nodded and gestured them inside: "Yes it is. Please enter. You're nicely on time. This is Ann, member of the team for three years now. You know me, I'm Diana. Ann, this is Susan, and this is Michelle." They exchanged greetings. "You are lucky," Ann told the girls. "Our new uniforms just arrived. Nobody but us has seen them yet." Michelle was a bit surprised: "But the colours are different! I thought that your uniforms were the same over the years." Diana answered, "Well, more or less, but once in a while we change our appearance. For the better, we hope. And now our team has expanded to ten members, we need new uniforms anyway."

"How many new members have passed the test?" Susan inquired while examining the uniforms. "Two, actually. The other applicants were unlucky since all members of last year's team decided to stay on for another season. Next year some of us will graduate, so that means another round of recruitments, but for the moment you're the only two new ones." 

Ann had produced a list and started putting the new clothes on named stacks, one for every team member. Cindy was the shortest of them, Jane the tallest. She handed a pile over to Michelle: "Here, these are yours. Have fun." Susan got a bundle as well, and then Ann started to take off her street clothes. Diana had already put down her jeans and rummaged in her own pile. Michelle was a bit surprised by this. "Are you putting on your uniforms now? I thought we would practice in training suits. We never wore our uniforms except during games when I was in high school." Ann hesitated. They, too, never practiced in uniform until that memorable day, exactly one year ago. Susan did not mind, though. "I think it's great wearing my uniform. I always tried to wear it as often as I could." Diana added that she wanted the team to be as much profiled as possible on the campus, so wearing your uniform at every suitable occasion was encouraged. 

"We also never had everything double, and certainly not so many bloomies," Michelle wondered. "It surely is convenient." Ann mumbled something not intended to be heard and stepped into her skirt. Shorter than last year, again. Less room for mistakes. Well, with the two new girls, it would be over anyway. She sighed and pulled down her panties, then reached for one of the new pairs. Michelle blinked and stammered: "But... I supposed these were meant to be worn over normal panties, as bloomies." Diana chuckled but said nothing. Ann acted casually: "Oh, you can wear them as panties as well. Less fuss."

Susan liked the idea. "I think it's nice to wear them as Ann does. People will think they're just bloomies, but we know. It's naughty in a sense." Both Susan and Diana put on just the new panties, and Michelle could not stay behind. But she clearly was not all too happy with the combination of her very short white skirt and conspicuous red panties. Ann shrugged. Conservative high school, probably. "Just try to feel special in uniform, Michelle," Diana helped her. "It's not just any outfit, you know. It's a privilege to wear it, and everybody expects to see you flash your panties anyway. It's all part of the game." Susan had no single problem with the outfit. "I think it's very pretty, I really do. Everything that matters shows, we will look great. Every girl on the campus will envy us. Oh yes Diana, I will wear this uniform as often as I can." 

After having admired themselves in front of the mirror for a while, with Diana and Ann paying lots of attention to the way their panties fitted their bums, they decided that Ann would take Michelle outside to show her the facilities of the field while Diana and Susan would visit the gymnastics hall first. Michelle hesitated before she left the locker room, tucking at the hem of her skirt. "Short, eh?" Ann smiled. "Don't bother. It's all in the game, as Diana said. You'll get used to it in no time flat."

When they were out, Susan shook her head. "Michelle is not used to anything. Probably never even wore a mini before. Where does she come from?" Diana pulled her sweater tightly over her chest and swung her hair back. "Don't be too harsh on her. She might just come from a conservative society, a tiny village in the countryside. Not everybody is a city girl. She'll learn to appreciate her outfit real soon when the boys start to flock around her. By the way Susan, you look great. You've nice legs, and nothing wrong with your chest either."

"Thanks, Diana. You also look great. I never will get that hair of yours, I'm afraid." Diana pulled her hand through her long, black hair and guided it over her shoulders. "Yes, I know. It helps a lot. Well, this is our regular training hall. If it is good weather, we prefer to practice outside, but otherwise it's indoors." 

After a brief tour of the hall and some of the equipment, Diana and Susan came back to the locker room and looked over the showers. "You are pretty well equipped here. My former school did not have separate facilities for the cheerleaders, we just shared most things with others. Sometimes even with the boys, not at the same time of course, but still." They entered the next room. "Ah, bathrooms. Gosh, they are so clean! You don't even smell anything. As if they are never used. Good cleaning people you have." Diana bit her lip and sighed. Susan jumped on the occasion: "What I want to know. Do you have some kind of, eh, bathroom regime? Like, you cannot go during games?" Diana nodded.

"Yes, we're supposed to be at the field during the whole game, and most of our cheers are choreographed for all of us, so someone missing would be a problem. And since we usually need to perform during the break as well, you end up without a bathroom for quite a time." Susan was puzzled. "Even when it's a hot day and you need to drink a lot to prevent dehydration? We always had what we called 'pee breaks' scheduled during the game, where some of us could slip away and have a leak." Diana told Susan that they did not have pee breaks, simply because nobody ever complained about needing one. Well, she thought to herself, of course there was some other reason, but that was something of the past. 

On their way back to the locker room, Susan kept being puzzled. "Without pee breaks, don't you have accidents? Even with pee breaks, every few games one of us would get into trouble and only just make it to the next break. It's very difficult to judge if you can skip a break or not, with breaks scheduled thirty minutes apart." Diana pondered her answer, then admitted that there had been some accidents in the past. "Just a few. Mostly minor. Probably not more than everywhere else, though." Susan smiled. "Mostly minor... I bet you had some major ones, too! At least, we had them.

Especially Kiley was renowned for having accidents. Most of the time it went well, but once in a while she would lose it completely." Diana swallowed. Would she prod a bit now? She did not need to, Susan seemed quite open about this. "Actually Kiley got pretty good at covering it up. She would usually tell us that she had misjudged herself, and then stop doing the strenuous cheers. That was never a problem, we had no special performers for most cheers anyway. And when it really turned bad with her, she would simply quit doing anything that would flash her bloomies for the rest of the game, if you know what I mean." 

Diana felt her skin tickle a bit. "That Kiley never got caught?" she asked. Susan shook her head. "Never. She always managed somehow. We knew something was happening of course, but the public never did. Naturally, wearing a uniform greatly helped her." Susan stroke her short skirt in admiration. "These skirts are even better in case somebody has an accident. They are so short that they will not stain at all. Wearing no panties under your bloomies also helps. And of course, with the amount of spare clothes we get here, I imagine that you don't really care about accidents as long as nobody sees anything."

While a slight flush developed in her face, Diana decided to prod on. "Well, you're right Susan, we did have some not-so-minor accidents here in the past. Even last year. And yes, we got away undiscovered thanks to our uniforms. I never really thought about it, we accepted it as just a minor, or major, inconvenience. Your former team had pee breaks, we do not, so we have to take precautions."

"You could also introduce pee breaks," Susan smiled. "Or would that upset your performance completely? I don't know, I've never seen this team perform before. Just moved here last month." Diana now felt cornered. Would she press on? Susan looked at her with some kind of naughty smile on her face, as if she halfly expected Diana to admit that she would rather take precautions than pee breaks. And there was that little twinkle in her eyes. 

Diana sat down on a bench. "Well, Susan, you see, our performance indeed does not really allow for group split-ups any time. We need to be on stand-by all the time to fill in any gap in the game, and we make a point of doing all cheers as a group. Any person missing would break up the balance of the performance. We choreograph for eight, ten now, and cannot just miss a girl like that." Susan nodded. "So pee breaks are out."

"I'm afraid so."

"So you accept having accidents, huh?" Diana produced a faint smile. "I'm afraid so." Susan looked down at her bare legs. "Well, so be it. That's a small price to pay to be member of the team, I guess." Diana tilted her head and looked Susan over for a while. Susan noticed. "Yeah I know, I'm maybe too direct. I suppose I would have discovered this anyway, without getting you embarrassed like this. Sorry for that. It's just that..."

"That what?" Diana interrupted, and leaned forward. "Maybe you just were unsure about something? Maybe you were just trying to find out how we would react in case of an accident? Maybe you know something about yourself that suggests taking more precautions than the average girl?" 

Now it was Susan's turn to flush. Diana leaned back against the wall and grinned. "I bet you're the Kiley you talked about so vividly. If you were that bad even with pee breaks, I can imagine you wanted to warn me. Well, I've seen your performance in the recruiting sessions, that's why you are here now. We need you, period. Even with accidents." Susan looked at her toes and did not dare to face Diana. "Thanks," she stammered. This Diana had an excellent judge of character indeed. Diana rose to her feet and put a hand on Susan's shoulder. "Forget about it. We all do have accidents, more regular than you might think. As I said, it's all in the game. And we all wear our uniforms during practice, if you know what I mean." Susan now looked Diana directly in her eyes and flushed some more, but it was not from embarrassment any longer. "You mean..." Diana just added: "Practice pays off," and went to her cabinet for a moment. 

Outside, Michelle was impressed by the size of the field. "And this is not even the official stadium! I did not know that the cheerleader team had almost a complete field for practices!"

"Well, not true," Ann replied. "Others do use this field once in a while. But when we have practice, it's always reserved for us. So we usually practice outside, not in the hall."

"Is that why you wear your uniforms during practice?" Michelle inquired. "Eh, yes. That's why." Ann decided to keep her mouth shut, since Michelle obviously would go ballistic if she learned the real reason. What a pity that all their fun would be over now. Susan also seemed a real dandy. A typical cheerleader, Ann thought. Always up front in her uniform, showing herself off, making use of the fact that she was allowed to wear an outfit that she would not get away with otherwise. Ann's mood dropped by the minute. 

Michelle's efforts to make her skirt longer now turned hilarious, Ann thought. The light breeze made their skirts innocently flip up once in a while, and every time Michelle tried to keep her skirt down. "Please Michelle, just forget about it, will you? It's your uniform, not just some challenging slut outfit." Ann noticed that somewhere, there was something unfair here. She just called Susan a dandy and now she had a girl that did not act like that at all, and again it was not good. What was the matter with her? Was she indeed so upset about the fact that she could not just go in her panties any more? Silly. As if that would have been possible otherwise. Well, maybe a bit longer, but next year she would graduate and that would be the end of it anyway. So, Ann, stop behaving stupid and leave Michelle and Susan alone, okay? 

"Sorry I said that, Michelle. I am not in a good mood today. Flunked an exam yesterday and have two others coming up soon. I'm just in a state of stress right now and seem to be irritated all the time." Michelle shrugged. "Does not matter. I do behave silly myself, I know. I always envied the girls wearing such uniforms, and now I wear one myself I cannot get used to it. I feel very exposed, by the skirt, the sweater, the panties, everything. As if everybody stares at me all the time." Ann smiled. "They don't, because there is nobody here anyway. Never. The campus ends right there and there's only one way to go here, so nobody passes by. Apparently the boys don't dare to come and look at us while we practice, they cannot fake just passing by, so there. When we are out on the campus or on the field, you'll attract all their gazes, though. But that's our job, to distract them so that they don't see the abysmal performance of the football team."

"Is it so bad?"

"It is. They only won once last year and the newspaper wrote that that was because we distracted the other team." 

Michelle looked over the field, then to the right, towards the rest of the campus. "Okay, consider this a practice then. Shall we walk a bit that way? Maybe I'll learn how to behave."

"Sure, go ahead," Ann replied. They wandered off towards the campus centre, Michelle trying to ignore the wind and her legs shining in the sun. "Never wore minis before?" Ann inquired. "Not really. Our uniform skirts went almost down to our knees, and I normally wear only full skirts, if any."

"Another member of our team, Jane, also does not ever wear skirts. She would rather die than be seen in a skirt. But on the field, she's the most daring one of all of us. She will do anything to attract attention."

"Such as?"

"Twisting and twirling, to start with. The more she flashes her panties, the better. She also tends to be really sloppy as far as sitting modestly is concerned, you know what I mean. Or bending over instead of bending your knees." Michelle laughed. "I see. Well, I cannot blame her. A uniform like this is made for show, period. It's just me who cannot adjust so quickly." 

They had arrived at the central square, and decided to go for a soda. Ignoring the looks they received from the boys passing by, they giggled their way towards the ice cream cart, did not at all pose in the queue, and obviously were not aware of their impact on the traffic safety while tying their shoe laces. Guzzling their sodas, they made a detour around the library, so that Ann could explain Michelle some details of the way they organized their practice. Michelle seemed not so silly a girl after all, she had done quite some things during high school, and only skipped applying for the university's cheerleader team because she was afraid of missing too many lectures. Having passed all courses with flying colours, she now decided to have a go, and to her amazement Diana had selected her immediately. "Diana is good," Ann remarked. "She sees in one gaze what you can do, even if you don't know it yourself. But you need to work hard to actually do it, really." 

On their way back, Michelle and Ann started to exchange silly things that had happened during their cheerleading past, and laughing loud they took the small road leading to the sports complex. Ann had the hiccups, both because of the things Michelle told her and because of the soda. After yet another stupid anecdote, Ann couldn't help but crossing her thighs and tell Michelle to stop fooling around, because she needed to go bad. Michelle however took this as a reminder to tell Ann the story of what had happened to their team during one particularly long pep rally, where they all just barely made it back to the building in time. Ann hiccuped, then bent forward with one hand between her legs. "Stop Michelle, or I'll wet myself right here."

"Is it really so bad? Sorry Ann," Michelle giggled. "But you look just as Kelly when she had forgotten to go before the game. She tried to get back to the locker room, but it was already too late. We did not see her again until a few days later. Nobody ever knew, except us, but she was called 'Buster' for years." With still two hundred meters to go to their side of the building, Ann now really got the giggles. The two girls dragged on, not exchanging jokes any more but just having fun over themselves. Even Michelle now said that Ann's state was contagious, and needed to take small steps. "Just make it to the next corner," Ann muttered in between hiccups and uncontrollable giggles. "And then?", Michelle snorted with laughter. "It will still be a long way to the bathroom. You'll become Buster if you don't take care!" 

Ann made it to the corner, and even further. When she was pretty sure that the heavy bushes shielded her from coincidental bypassers, she stopped her shuffle towards the building and stepped aside on the grass. "I think there's a bathroom here, isn't it?" Michelle split her sides laughing and pointed at the tree nearby: "Yes, there's the sign." Ann turned towards the tree and read: 'Stands 20-50.' Obviously some indication for the nearby stadium. "Well, okay, even if it's stands only, I don't care any more. Buster isn't too bad as a nickname anyway." To her delight, Michelle saw how Ann looked down at her skirt and even parted her feet a bit. "You're really going to do it? You are Buster, you are Buster, oh dear I almost cannot breath any more," Michelle cried in between her tears. 

Ann was at least as delighted. While Michelle leaned against the tree, watching her teammate to get herself a nickname that would truly ring, Ann parted her legs some more, plucked at her panties between her legs, and smiled at the thought that she was the first one to break in her new uniform. It would be great, here out in the open, with somebody watching who thought it was an accident. She was ready now, it could begin. With her panties and everything else in place, Ann started to push. It took just a bit longer than it should have, but Michelle did not notice, she was still laughing her brains out. While Ann already felt it coming, she pushed her hair out of her face and mumbled, "Buster... not too bad." 

Calmly she let it happen. Her belly melted as she felt the familiar warmth under her skirt, followed by the typical ballooning effect of brand-new panties straight from the factory. She did not stop after the first wave hit her panties. Ann wet herself completely and felt her spirits rise by the second. These new toilets were great, she noticed, and pushed harder. Good acoustics, too. A cry of excitement escaped her as she reveled in the idea of going for real in her new uniform. Clawing at her skirt she let her panties have it all. It lasted by far not long enough. 

When she was done, Ann just held her pose and put her hands in her side. "So Michelle, satisfied now? Here's your Buster alright. I don't know what Kelly did, but I bet she was not even close." Michelle had gone through her knees and had to support herself with her hands, so hard she laughed. "Oh Ann, you don't know even half how you looked! Standing there with your legs apart like a toddler and then... oh my god I've never laughed so much before... and that in your new uniform! You were right, not wearing panties does have its advantages!"

"You bet," Ann thought, and assessed the damage. Only panties, like expected. Being new, they already stopped dripping. Carefully she took a step forward. Okay, no surprises. She helped Michelle to her feet, who was still too weak to stand by herself. "Okay you silly girl. Now we need to get you to the locker room in one piece. You think you can make it?" Michelle sobbed and nodded vaguely. "I think so. Oh I've not had so much fun for years. Are you all like this?" Ann nodded. "Yup. All of us. Accidents every time, wet all games, never a dry practice session. Come on, you need to drink a glass of water, otherwise you'll choke." Michelle did not even hear her. 

Back in the locker room, Diana and Susan were surprised to hear Ann and Michelle approach, laughing like schoolgirls. As soon as the door fell into the lock, Michelle spilled the beans and explained Ann's variant of a bathroom. Ann just stood there, fumbling with her skirt, watching Susan's reaction. To her amazement, both Diana and Susan broke out in laughter just as Michelle, and soon they all four almost rolled over the floor. When the hysterical laughter dimmed out a bit, Michelle hiccuped that it might be better for her to go outside, for fresh air, and bolted out the door.

She did not get very far. When she felt her panties get wet, Michelle stopped dead in her tracks and clutched her thighs firmly together. It stopped for a moment, but it was too late. Nothing could stem the flood any more. Michelle was not desperate, she felt as if she was drunk and just looked down her legs. Breathing heavily, she experienced the impact of a full bladder on a cheerleader uniform. It lasted only a few seconds, then she managed to stop. 

Not sure what to do now, she looked around. Nobody in sight, the place indeed was completely deserted. Still pressing her thighs together, she hiked up her skirt. Wet panties alright. Well, she thought, this was her payment for having made fun of Ann. Actually it was sort of funny, the whole situation. Nothing could happen if she just gave in. Getting back to the locker room and then going to the toilet seemed pointless anyway. Nobody would see, nobody would know, and it was only fair to Ann. She loosened the pressure of her thighs, and then even spread her legs like Ann had done. With her eyes closed, she waited.

But nothing happened. After standing for a few seconds like this, Michelle decided that it would be better to return to the locker room, but just then felt something coming. Suddenly it was all over her. The warmth that spread around in her panties was alarming, and she almost clutched her thighs again. But she managed to stay put. Although she was not completely happy with it, the sense of relief and excitement was great, and halfway her experience she decided that this was fun after all. Looking around if nobody saw her, she pushed harder, and finished everything right in her panties, even when she was well past the point of urgency. 

When she came back in, after several minutes, the others seemed to have calmed down as well. Michelle kept standing up, not sure what to do now. "Enjoyed it?" Ann asked mischievously. They obviously guessed what she had been doing outside on the grass. "Sort of. It was funny. I've never wet myself before like this, not this gross. And never in uniform. It's okay. Call it an accident. Ann was right concerning the panties though. Much handier this way." Michelle headed for the shower. Diana stopped her and made her sit down like the others. "Don't care about your panties or the bench, they can take it. Listen. I don't know if this was all pure coincidence or not, but today some pretty weird things have happened. You and Ann got carried away in a way I've never seen before, it's almost as if you got pissed by drinking too much alcohol, pardon my pun. I assume it was not truly intentional, but it makes things a lot easier." 

"Susan here told me that she has a problem with exactly this. Let's call it frequent accidents. She was afraid to tell me, but she did, sort of. I am very pleased that you two showed Susan how we treat people having accidents. Susan, do you feel better now?" Susan blinked and wiped away a tear. "Oh yes I do. I thought I would cause problems and would be kicked out of the team real soon. I now see that this is the least one of my problems. Thank you for all of this."

"No thanks. But, and this is also to Michelle, there is something more to tell you. Our team is, in a sense, unusual. I don't know why, but the accident rate among all girls seems to be pretty high." Michelle widened her eyes. "What is high?"

"Higher." She swallowed. "I see. You girls seem to laugh a lot."

"We surely do," Ann kicked in. "It can be pretty wild at times. We hope you two will get along. If not, we'll try to cut back." 

Susan took a breath and asked: "So is this cheerleader team some kind of sorority with inauguration rituals?" Diana shook her head: "No way! We're just a normal team, but the girls seem to stick together in a way that is a bit unusual. We don't form a clique, we hope, and we don't have rituals like a sorority, but yes we do share some weird habits."

"Call it an extension of sports," Ann volunteered. "Some of us use it as a way to relieve stress. I do." Susan gasped. "So it... it was not... really an accident?" Diana shook her head again: "No way! The circumstances probably were coincidental, but Ann knew perfectly well what she was doing. And all of the other team members do, as well."

"All of them?"

"All of them."

"Always?"

"Every practice." 

Susan now cried for real. Diana put an arm around her. Sobbing, Susan leaned against Diana, and needed several minutes to find her voice back. "I thought I was crazy, that I was the only girl in the world doing it. Oh Diana this is the best day of my life." Ann and Michelle silently moved on, finding their way to the showers. "We like to shower in uniform, too," Ann explained. They disappeared behind the corner, giggling again. No shower sounds could be heard, though. The first few minutes passed with only Ann's and Michelle's voices echoing between the tiled walls. "No, a bit further apart. Yes, like that. Need to go? I do. Watch!" Giggling. "It's so warm! And I never thought it would be this easy!" 

Susan sobbed a last time and wiped her eyes clear. "I think I am over it. God this was a relief. My life definitely took another turn today. Thanks, Diana." Diana smiled. "No thanks. Our pleasure. Otherwise we would have stopped."

"You would?"

"Yes we would." Susan took a deep breath. "Well, nice coincidence then. Okay. Thanks, again. I think I want to be alone for a while now. Go home, quietly sit down, let it sink in. Quite a shift in life, you know." Diana nodded. She helped Susan to her feet and softly pushed her to the door. Not really knowing what Diana's purpose was, Susan obeyed her directions. Outside, they breathed the fresh, crisp September air for a while. Then Susan wanted to turn back inside to change and go home. Diana held her back. "You forget something, Susan." Susan's eyebrows went up. Forgetting something? "Yes. Think." Susan flushed instantly. "No! You mean..." Diana shrugged.

"Accidents do happen. And if you really couldn't help it..." Susan felt her spine itch and started to glow all over her skin. "Really?" Diana winked and turned away. "It's your uniform. All yours. Enjoy it." When the door had clicked behind Diana, Susan stayed motionless for a few seconds. Panting, she swallowed and licked her lips. Then she slowly started to walk towards the little shed, twenty meters away on the field, pulling her cheerleader panties tightly up and carefully arranging the rest of her clothes. This time she did not need to fake an accident at all. Susan stopped walking ten meters from the shed, standing motionless on the grass. And cried. 

When Susan came back in, Diana had already changed into her normal clothes. Susan looked very happy and relieved, and Diana noticed that she walked like any cheerleader did after having used her uniform to the fullest. "Had a nice accident?" Diana inquired. "Oh Diana, it was wonderful. It took long before it happened, I just couldn't believe myself, but I'll never forget it. Not faking anything, not really waiting until I bursted, just standing there wearing my uniform and then do it when I was ready. Just like that, not even pretending it was an accident. I simply let it come. When it happened to me, I was trembling all over, laughing and crying at the same time. It was unlike everything I experienced before." Susan inspected her legs and skirt. "And your uniforms are fantastic. As if they are made for it." 

"They are," Diana smiled. 

"They really are." 

