"An Alluring Affair"-2

by Thomas

Chapter 2 

Nicky climbed back onto the bar stool, after adjusting the hem of her already short, flowery dress to reveal just that little more leg that would be sure to catch the guy in the leather playing with the jukebox. She asked the barman for a double of anything - he poured a stiff dry Martini and she sank back to her ponderings glass in hand, drinking rather than sipping.

She was no longer feeling confident thanks to her wet t-shirt win, that had worn off in the two preceding days at work, hence her now being in a city centre bar rather than a Night-club. Even when she had jumped off the bus, wondering which night-club to try first, her enthusiasm had been waning. Once she had spent a few minutes watching the bouncer at work on the door of one club, she had given up on the idea of spending the evening in a night-club, and thus retraced her steps to a popular bar.

She seemed to have lost track of the number of drinks she'd had. A lot of University students had been in earlier, and had vied for a chance to buy her a drink. For some weird reason they'd all insisted on low alcohol beer - Med. students she guessed through a glowing feeling of attractiveness and self confidence.

"Drinks... What've I had?" she wondered to herself.

"Two double vodkas I paid for, remember?" replied the Manager of the Bar, Al, drifting up opposite her. He was wearing a lurid Hawaiian shirt, and wasn't quite what Nicky had left home looking for.

"Yeah, and they'll stay paid for too!" she replied and turned away on her stool, flashing two beautiful thighs as she taunted him. "Tell you what, I'll piss in the bottle if you want? You can have it back if you really NEED it" was all she would concede. Al went a little pale, seeing some of his better clients look up from their tables. She cocked her leg mischievously, revealing a pair of pale pink knickers to all who cared to look.

The barman nodded towards a bloke walking to the bar. "He's looking at you Nic! You're in there!" Nicky turned her `plain' smile on him, but rapidly perked up at the perfect man in front of her. No New Man in him, just a plain chap out for a good time, not worried about one nighters, either, she hoped.

"What're you drinking," wasn't the start she had hoped for from him, but still.

"Nothing, 'til you buy me one!" seemed appropriate. She wriggled her dress a little higher still up her legs. The Unnew man, as she started thinking of him, ignored her movement.

"Two white wines, and a beer for me" the guy instructed the barman. 

"Cute. Okay, we're not getting off to a very good start here" Nicky blurted out. "Sorry, I've drunk too much alr... I'm Nicky."

"Yeah? I like Nickys. They tend to have a very real perspective. I'm Phil."

"Are you going to buy me another drink then Phil?" asked Nicky.

"Of course. When I'm ready... I'm ready. Oh and yes, I'll buy you another drink too. Barman! Another couple of glasses please." Being somewhat drunk, Nicky laughed.

"Oh well," she thought, "it'll encourage him if I giggle."

Over the ensuing hour, Nicky matched Phil's low and no alcohol beers, as he was driving, with three Bacardi's, a bloody Mary and two pints of high alcohol German beer.

"I think I should stop drinking" Nicky retorted after a particularly load giggle.

"Okay, I don't like bars much anyway" Phil replied, standing. "Let's go find some fresh air."

As they walked towards the door, Nicky glanced at the toilets, but shook her head and put her arm round Phil instead. "Why don't we go back to my place for coffee?" she suggested.

"Where is `your place'?" came the reply.

"Fifteen minutes by taxi."

"Oh, we can drive to mine quicker, lets go there."

Nicky and Phil walked into the multi-storey car park, and he backed out the car and drove towards home. As they travelled, Nicky noticed that she really should have gone to the toilet at the Bar. She started to fidget slightly, trying to avoid Phil noticing. She attempted to assist her bladder by moving her knees together and apart in rhythm, just exercising the muscles sufficiently that her attention was on her legs rather than the warm and rather full feeling in her bladder.

"Oh well," she thought, "he said it was less than fifteen minutes." Then out loud "Is it far?"

"Oh, don't worry. We'll have the kettle on in no time, sobering you up!" replied Phil.

"I don't need sobering up!" Nicky replied jokingly.

"No? Well we can still have coffee can't we, or should I be taking you home?" Phil asked with a twinkle in his eye and a subtle hint in his voice.

"Oh... I think we can still put the kettle on," came the equally laden response. The car was crossing the river and Nicky was concerned at the lights of the city twinkling on the water - it made her remember her own waters.

The car turned up a street of blocks of flats, and Phil parked outside his garage. They climbed giggling and talking from the car causing Nicky to reveal considerable leg and thigh. Her simple dark and sexy shoes giving her about an extra inch of height, matching Phil's height. Phil took her arm and walked towards the entrance.

Once in his flat, they moved to the kitchen. She looked in his fridge while he put the kettle on. "Do you have any Strawberries?"

"Huh? What?"

"Strawberries? Little red, you know. They make my breath nice and I think they match my underwear today," Nicky explained in a mocking tone.

"Ahh. I could go out and buy some," offered Phil.

"Oooh, no, don't do that. You'll just have to compare by memory."

"Oh, I think I can cope!" Phil was noticing a distinct rising in his trousers. "Ah, kettle's boiled."

They sank into Phil's soft sofa and giggled their way through the mugs of coffee. Nicky tried her best to sit still as Phil snuggled closer, but it taxed her self control severely.

"I really must go to the loo," she thought to herself. "Perhaps Phil will go before we make love, and then I can ask to follow. I hope he does. Maybe I could ask to clean my teeth, for his sake," she convinced herself she wasn't too shy to ask where the bathroom was. She suddenly realised she was fidgeting seriously - her legs were not only moving up and down and left to right, but her feet were twitching and her bladder felt like an elephant was climbing around trying to get out.

She tried to think how to formulate her sentence. She'd never been good at looking for toilets. Whenever she'd gone out those few years ago with her friends as teenagers, she'd always had to wait far longer than seemed possible, because she hated admitting to needing to go - she would wait for one of her friends to suggest a stop, and even then allow her friends into the cubicles before she would go in.

Once, she'd been in the city with three others, and they had stopped shopping for lunch, but she hadn't been able to eat as she was so desperate for a pee that her appetite had gone. The friends had just joked with her and told her not to get anorexic. Unfortunately, they had each had a drink but none of the others seemed to be inclined to suggest a visit to the toilet. She seemed to remember that, on that occasion, she had been partially lucky - it had started to rain, causing them to go home early. Although the rain made it worse, concentrating her mind on the absolute urgency, going home meant that she could use her `own' toilet. She remembered discovering when she got home that she had had a slight leak, and dampened those nice lace knickers she had bought on a previous trip to town. She had resolved never again to get that desperate.

Nicky realised with a start that she was just that desperate now, and getting more so since she'd stopped fidgeting whilst thinking. How to ask? That coffee or the desperate urge to wet herself had really sobered her up.

"Do you use anything?" asked Phil, out of the blue.

"Hey? Oh, yes, I get you. I've only had three partners, but I am on the pill" and then to herself, she added "but the bloody sperm won't have a chance at this rate, 'cause I'll flush 'em out with my bloody pee unless I do something." She looked around the room, wondering how to tell Phil she couldn't make love until she'd been to the loo.

"Look, we both know what we want, let's go through there shall we?" Phil responded.

"If only you knew!" Nicky thought.

He guided her to his bedroom - a King size double bed awaited them. Nicky fell to the bed and almost sobbed to herself that she wished she had more self- confidence. But he was a very nice chap, and she didn't want to risk missing out on sex with him for anything having come this far. The feeling she'd had on winning the wet t-shirt competition had deserted her over the last two days.

Nicky crawled over to where Phil was sitting, smiling at her and watching her breasts bulge over her neckline. 

"You really do have an excellent taste in clothes," he stated "That dress really sets off your figure a treat!"

"Look, Phil, I choose underwear carefully too!" she managed to purr, and pulled her shoes off, revealing her knickers again in the process.

"Oh dear!" Phil expressed mockingly. "They're not very strawberry red!"

"I'm sorry, must have things on my mind" hinted Nicky. Then to herself "Hey, that was clever, tell him, tell him, TELL HIM!" She continued to Phil "I wonder what YOU'RE wearing?"

She peeled his tie and shirt from his body, and ran her hands down his tummy, shivering with the bursting sensation as she did so.

"Ohhh" murmured Phil encouraging her. She continued her hands down, forcing them as they tried to pull away to clutch herself to keep the pressure inside from becoming too much.

Phil was getting friskier. He started to caress Nicky's buttocks, feeling them and stroking down further and further towards his final objective.

Nicky was drifting off as the onus temporarily left her. She thought about her bladder - it was all she could do to avoid it coming out now. She simply MUST tell Phil, ask him to wait a minute.

He jerked her back to the issue by running his hands down the last inch, and inserting them under her knickers. His fingers felt and touched, helping her forget a little. He lay back onto the bed, and she realised he wanted her to remove his belt and jeans.

"It's now or never. Oh God!" she thought. "I can't possibly manage to last through making love."

Phil undid his belt himself, and directed her hands to his buttoned zip. She briefly touched him through his boxer shorts, and realised she had come too far to get out now; she had to force her over-stretched bladder to keep her dry until they had made love. Her next thought really frightened her. "What if he's really sensitive, and keeps it going for hours?" The scare caused a cold ripple to run down her back, and tingled in her bladder so much that she was surprised not to leave a wet patch on the bed as she kneeled up and pulled her dress off.

Phil almost jumped, seeing her breasts just before him. "No bra, oh Nicky you ARE my type of woman," he sighed, and removed his own underwear. Nicky had to somehow get her knickers off and lie down without causing any leaks to occur. Phil solved the problem for her. He grabbed her and flung her down across the bed, and she twisted in agony from her over-full bladder. Phil took this to be an invitation, and came crawling up between her legs to get her knickers - he coaxed them down over her knees, and barely remembered to remove them from her ankles in his haste to look at her gleaming pubic hair - he had never realised that natural blondes could still have dark body hair.

He crawled a little further, and buried his nose in her cleavage, twisting his head to reach her breast with his tongue. Nicky gasped at this move - not out of pleasure, but because he was resting on her, and thus some of his weight was now on her bladder. She could feel it, she wasn't going to make it, her bladder was contracting to expel at least some of her pain... No! Phil had moved to rest on his elbows and kiss her chin and shoulders. The release of weight meant she could last a little longer.

"Come on," she murmured, and moved Phil's left hand to give him the idea. He slid down and penetrated, virtually giving Nicky a heart attack. She gasped, apparently encouraging him. The pressure on her bladder was worse, and from the inside!

Nicky had no choice, she wriggled and tried to get away from his pressure, crawling on her back up the bed to try and escape his thrusts - each one brought untold pain to her over-stretched muscles, and she knew once again, she was not going to make it.

Her wriggling was giving Phil every incentive - the movement as she fidgeted was, he thought, her way of making sex great. The combined movement of them both caused him to get very close very quickly. He was horrified at the rate at which he was going to cum.

Nicky was getting nothing out of the sex, but she could tell Phil was good - very good. He would under any other circumstances bring her to a great orgasm. The pain was killing her however. Perhaps if she made him finish soon she could just manage to hold it?

The moans she was making implied enjoyment, and Phil couldn't last any more - he had to release this great feeling and sod the impression she would get of him.

Nicky released he was on his way, he was succeeding! She might manage it! Oh joy, oh rapture! She giggled for joy at surviving all evening like this. Phil screamed his enjoyment, and it was over. Nicky had survived being the most desperate she ever had. Phil took her look of relief as he withdrew coupled with her giggle to mean she had enjoyed it.

Phil barely took breath, he was so excited. "That must of been my best ever!" he thought to himself, and then repeated it to Nicky. She was lying to his side pondering how much longer she could last after surviving that hell.

"You're good, Phil darling. I could take that again," she lied, in an alluring voice. She knew she wanted him again sometime to experience him when she could enjoy it.

"Okaaay..." he responded hesitantly.

"Oh fuck, I'm asking him to do it again!" Nicky swore under her breath. Phil was climbing back onto her. "Perhaps not right now. Let's make the good times last, shall we?" she suggested, crossing her fingers to match her legs.

Nicky again had to start to build the confidence to tell Phil she needed the loo. She was thinking about this, and cuddling him lying next to her, when suddenly the an alarm went off. "What the fuck's that?" she begged Phil as he started dressing.

"It's a fire alarm! Quick, throw your dress on and get your shoes."

"You're not kidding are you?" replied Nicky, dragging herself from the bed and shuddering at the gravitational effects on her bladder. She dragged the dress over her shoulders and glanced at the ceiling as if wishing God would solve her problem.

"That really was great Nic," repeated Phil as she struggled with her shoes.

"I'm glad it was nice, you're not so bad yourself..." she offered in return, and managed, just, to lean and smack his arse without letting go.

They rushed out of the flat and towards the fire escape stairs. As Phil opened the door to the night air, Nicky involuntarily gasped again - the cold and the worry of a fire were attacking the slight control over her bladder she still maintained and making it more important than ever for her that she release the elephants still clambering around looking for any weak spots...

"What's the matter? Are you cold?" asked Phil in response to her gasp.

"No. Look Phil, since you ask, I need to go to the loo," she rushed out, and then stared at her feet as they continued to descend the stairs.

"Oh well never mind, they're generally false alarms and over in twenty minutes, you'll be okay 'til then won't you?" he enquired.

"No, you don't understand, oh never mind." They had reached the crowd at the base of the fire escape and stood huddled together in their thin clothes while the alarm continued to ring. Nicky worried about her sudden willingness to tell Phil - what had made her change her mind? Now he knew she needed to, and maybe realised that it was quite bad, AND he would know for twenty minutes until they went back in!

"Was it coming out into the cold that did it? I'll give you my jacket if you want."

"NO! No, no. Not the cold particularly," she trailed off. Now she would have to tell him the truth. "You see, I haven't been all evening, since I left home. What time is it?"

"One thirty." 

"Oh God! You see, I left home at five last night! That's too long for me. And I've been drinking!" her anguished voice became warmer "And making love."

"So is it really bad Nic? Can I help?"

"Yes, I really thought while we made love I was wetting myself!" Nicky stopped as she realised people were looking at her.

"Why didn't you go when we got back? I guess you must have needed to when we left the club?" Phil asked as they backed away from the group of residents.

"'Cause I'm embarrassed by it. I never was much good at going when I need to. Look I don't really want to talk about it." She realised she ought to elaborate, perhaps describe the incident with her school friends. She was squirming all the while. "I am quite desperate, Phil. Can't we go back inside?" she pleaded at the end.

"You poor darling. The Fire Brigade'll have dealt with this soon." Phil suddenly realised he didn't want to take her back and allow her to go to the loo - he knew what must have made it so good for him. "Look, Nicky, when can we meet again?" he asked, pretending to be trying to take her mind off it.

"Oh you want to? I was worried you might go off such a self-conscious stupid bitch that can't even look after her bodily functions."

"Yes! You were great! I want you again, right now," Phil grabbed her and undid his trousers.

"Ow! You're pressing on me!" exclaimed Nicky. "It's no good," she thought to herself, "I'm going to wet myself if I don't go." She wanted to whine at Phil, but tried to avoid broaching the subject again.

"We've been out here a good fifteen minutes," Phil replied. "I expect we'll be able to go back in soon," and he added to himself that he'd be damn sure to lock the bathroom door before she could get in there. "Look, how about we do something to take your mind off it, until we can go back in? Tell you what, I'll tax your memory. Tell me everything you've had to drink since you left home."

"Okay. Well, I had a coke before I left home, and I got two free double vodkas from the horrible Manager of the Bar. Some Med. Students bought me about seven pints of low-alcohol beer between them. I had a dry Martini, and that coffee when we got back here. Ahh, I seem to remember a couple of white wines..."

"Three. They were from me."

"Oh yes. Look I'm really not improving, can't we go back in?"

"Sorry, alarm's still on. Go on."

"Humm..." she paused, still hopping from one foot to the other and back again, desperately keeping her mind off the real topic, within her almost beaten bladder. "Oh, a half of cider from some bloke at a table with his wife! Didn't you buy me two beers?" Nicky was by now simply glad to be outside, because she knew it would be soon. "Have you ever been like this?" she asked desperately.

"I don't recall.... I don't think so," Phil thought out loud. "I generally go just before leaving home, then I'm usually alright. Look, I can hear the desperation in your voice - are you okay? You don't look it." He nodded at her rapid movements and squirming feet. "Look, you're wringing your hands, too!" He nearly giggled at her, but thought better of it. For what he wanted to do, he had to make her feel he cared absolutely for her predicament.

"No of course I'm bloody not. It feels like there's a pressure drill in me, squirting water straight at my feet!" she wished she was brave enough to tell him that. She settled for "Just about surviving, I guess."

"For God's sake, Nicky! No one can survive after the amount you seem to have drunk! You can barely call it surviving if you're fidgeting that much! It seems a lot to have drunk - are you sure you haven't been?"

"No! Yeah, I mean, I HAVEN'T been, I'm sure. I would remember. I know it's bloody impossible!" she regretted saying that immediately. "It's impossible that I can last a second longer," she opined to herself. "I think I'm going to HAVE to just let go. Oh, go on, try and hold it Nicky! You'd feel real silly if you let it go... Oh God it's still getting worse." At that moment, the Fire Officers turned off the fire alarm.

"Oh thank God, let's get in!" squealed Nicky, running up the steps to the doors. Phil followed with his neighbours, arriving at the lift door with Nicky. "Come ON," she angrily instructed him. Unfortunately for Nicky, the others re- entering the building wanted the lift to take them to their floors, thus it was another three minutes before Phil and Nicky stepped out and reached his front door.

"Nicky, don't take this the wrong way, but would you wait for just a couple more minutes for me? I think it was that that made my orgasm so good. You twisting underneath me, it just sent me off the face of the earth..." Phil explained, while looking for his keys. "Oh shit!" he exclaimed.

"What?" asked Nicky urgently, still hopping from foot to foot.

"I must have left my keys inside in the rush!" exclaimed Phil.

"You what! Oh you bastard! I hate you, I hate you! I can't take this! I've GOT to go NOW!" screamed Nicky. "Look, I'll squat here shall I?" she said, lifting her dress and squatting over his door mat.

"Oh, it's okay." replied Phil, opening the door, "I must have put them in my back pocket by mistake."

"Fucking bastard!" giggled Nicky, teasing him now "you made me expose myself in your corridor!"

"Okay, I'll be straight with you, I want you now. I want it again as good as that was. Can you do that for me?" asked Phil, standing blocking her way into the main rooms.

"NO! Pleeease!" begged Nicky. "I'm not normally like that! You do realise? I just can't take it!" She lifted her dress, and Phil saw a single drip hit his carpet between her rapidly twisting legs.

"Okay, okay, I shouldn't have asked. I can see how desperate you are from your fidgeting."

"I don't care!" sobbed Nicky "it hurts it's so bad. I've drunk a huge amount. Just let me go to the loo, please!"

"Yes, of course," replied Phil, "it's in there," he pointed at a door Nicky hadn't used yet.

She flew into the toilet, pulling her dress up on the way so that Phil got a view of clenched petite buttocks rushing away as she ran. Nicky's mind was racing. She knew she would just about make it. Her right leg felt damp as she pulled up the toilet seat and she realised that maybe one vodka had escaped. "Yes," she thought, "one of the little drinks less, and I might have been alright. Nah, kidding yourself, silly cow. You just couldn't physically have stopped it."

She said to Phil through the open door "I'm sorry I couldn't do it again for you darling, but I really couldn't, it's as simple as that."

Phil heard a rushing as Nicky finally was able to open her bladder to whatever it desired. She sighed heavily, making him laugh.

"You really were gone then, weren't you. It was like watching a child, the way your legs were fidgeting."

"Oh thanks very much!" she responded. She liked Phil - he might have potential as a very good lover indeed. He certainly wanted to make her laugh.

As she finished, and tore off some loo roll, she laughed to Phil "Do you realise that I have just broken all known records for longevity and quantity consumed, despite the fact that virtually all of it was alcoholic? That was because I was so desperate to have it with you, you sexy beast. If you'd been Dustin Hoffman or someone like that, I'd have found it easier to ask for the toilet." Nicky knew that wasn't true: she'd wanted to go despite it being Phil in front of her, she'd not have found it easier to tell him with someone less attractive, and she didn't deliberately set out to do any such thing in the first place. "And then I found myself admitting things to you I never even told my best friends! I might be ready to exercise my own libido now, you know," she whispered as she dried her hands.

"Say that again?" asked Phil.

"I said I want you, dammit!"

At around eight am, Nicky awoke to find that Phil had disappeared from the bedroom and seemed to have moved her clothes from the piles they had left them in the previous night.

"Phil, where'd you put everything?" she called through to the kitchen. "Phil?" She stood, initially clutching the duvet around her but then realising that on the fifth floor this was unnecessary. She walked into the lounge. Her pubic hair seemed a little matted she noticed as she turned, seeing herself in the mantelpiece mirror. It occurred to her that she probably needed a shower. She entered the bathroom, one of her favourite rooms she decided, after the relief it had offered the previous night.

She examined herself again in a mirror. "Yes, take a shower and get rid of that smell!" she smiled to herself. She turned on the shower, and popped her foot under the water. "Ahhhh" she sighed as she slipped under the steaming water.

She heard Phil wandering around the flat, whistling quietly to himself. She called out to him "Phil, do you have a minute for me? I need someone to wash my back."

"Oh, I guess I could briefly oblige," he offered, walking in to the bathroom naked.

"Here, just step in and I'll show you where," she told him. He did as he was instructed, stood behind her, and took hold of her hand.

"Sorry I was out when you got up darling," he said. "I had things to do."

"What things? Tell me what you had to do at eight on a Saturday morning."

Phil didn't reply. Instead, he ran his hand down Nicky's back and between her legs. "I think you need a wash here!" he stated, and proceeded to caress both his hands around her groin. "I think just there might..." he continued, trailing off as he reached the aim of his sensitive sweeps, and Nicky cried out.

Once he had brought her almost all the way, he pulled her round and proffered himself to her, erect and strong. They made love again, letting the steaming water run between their sweating bodies.

As they reached their climaxes together, they cried and grabbed and clawed at each other, wanting more and more.

When they had washed the frantic sex away, and towelled each other dry, Phil instructed Nicky to go and lie down once again.

"But why? Is it because of going out?" she wanted him to tell her.

"Just go in there," was all he would say.

She did as she was instructed, and lay atop the sheet awaiting his return. She heard the kettle boil, and then Phil walked in still naked, carrying a tray of fruit juice, strawberries, cream, Champagne, ice cream and a mug of hot chocolate. "I went out to furnish you with your heart's desires, but didn't want you to think I'd just left you, so to stop you leaving I hid your dress in the wardrobe!" he said, placing the tray on her tummy.

"Oh wow. Maybe you are a New Man," Nicky swooned.

They ate and talked, gathering more enjoyment from every word the other uttered. As the hours passed, they cried and laughed together at anything they could think of to make the feeling last.

Eventually, they had exhausted the pile of food, and drunk every drop Phil had prepared. Nicky climbed out of the twist of bedclothes and each other, and walked naked to the bathroom once again. Phil let her go, considering the body he was claiming as his own. He wanted to be with her forever!

When she returned from the toilet, he smiled sincerely at her. "Do you realise that you could change my life?" he asked. "You've given me a fantastic night!"

"Oh, I'm glad you like it 'cause I'm buggered if I'm missing out on sex like you give," she replied.

"Does that take account of last night's escapade?" he enquired. "Oh don't talk about it!" she laughed. "Seriously, I've never been that desperate before and not wet myself. I wouldn't want to go through it again."

"Well it's okay now, isn't it," he reassured her.

"I'm worried you might have the wrong impression, but yeah, I feel alright now. It really was bad though Phil. I mean I bet you couldn't stand it! I think I might have let go if I'd been younger and had less control."

"Oh do you now!" he responded "I bet I could equal anything you can do!"

"Well we'll see, won't we," Nicky replied absently. "I think I'd better get off home I'm afraid, I have things to do."

"Oh no! You mean we have to leave each other for a while? When can we meet again?"

"I'll come back tonight if you like!" she offered, pulling her knickers and dress from the wardrobe. "I'll be about three hours at getting my shopping, see you at, well say by four o'clock at the latest? Don't worry, I'll be as quick as I can!"

"Okay," Phil replied unhappily. "I want you to come the second your able, okay?"

Nicky finished putting her shoes on, and crawled across the bed to kiss Phil on his naked chest. "Wait right there for me!" she suggested, and then, blowing kisses, left.

