Just a Little Pee
	You fill her up and take her for a walk.
Author: XXNoraJeanXX

I stopped suddenly and brought you to a halt beside me. You look at me knowingly with a quirk of a grin lifting your lips. "What's the matter, sweetheart?"

I look at you and glance around. You know very well what the matter is, and we both know it. I glance around again and lick my lips a bit nervously. You had been plying me with delicious cold lemonade all day. They had been so refreshing that I had gladly drank down glass after glass. "I have to pee!" I whisper exaggeratedly.

However, only the whisper was exaggerated. My need to go pee that had been just an annoying urge, was now an overly full bladder. I looked around again. We were in the middle of a park with no washrooms in sight. I realize immediately that this had been your intention all along. I look back at you and sure enough you are full on smiling now.

"This isn't a joke! I really need to pee!" I lick my lips and search in vain for even an outhouse. We have been in this park many times and I know very well there is no washrooms of any form. There are a few people in the park in the distance. Some walking hand in hand like we had been doing. Others walking their dogs. Of course some joggers with earphones in their ears.

"I suppose you don't feel you can hold it until we get home?" You ask tauntingly. I don't look at you, but I shake my head side to side. I am trying to think of a plan.

Turns out I need not waste my efforts since you take my hand more firmly and begin to lead me off toward the trees. Each step is slightly excruciating as my full bladder bounces. You lead me into the trees a little ways. It feels sheltered. We had had sex many times in such areas. Close enough to others to be naughty, but hidden enough to be discreet.

You stop in a small clearing where there is actually a patch of soft grass. "You can go pee here."

I hold my nose up indignantly. You love when I am a bit haughty, and we both know it. "I have jeans on." I gestured to my stone washed jeans that hug my hips and ass perfectly. I look at you expectantly, as if you could suddenly make a full washroom complete with soap and hot water magically appear.

"Take them off." It sounds simple enough.

"I have no way to clean myself..." I pause. "After." My voice rings with annoyance. As if I am too good for the patch of grass you have brought me too.

"Let me handle that. Be a good girl and take your jeans and panties off." The command is soft, but a command nonetheless.

I shoot you a cross look, but comply, actually rather hastily since I am almost certain I am about to pee my pants. I chuck off the jeans and toss them over some bushes; my panties quickly follow. I stand in front of you naked from the waist down. You lick your lips like predator. Your eyes trail down my body. I feel my clit twitch in response, but my mind is already racing. How do I do this without getting a lot of pee on myself?

"If you hold my hands I guess I can squat." I say. My eyes round when you shake your head no. "Then what?" I ask.

"On your hands and knees. Spread your knees as much as possible and then kind of squat a little. The ground will quickly absorb your pee."

My jaw drops at your instructions, but there is no time to complain. I really need to pee and don't want it trickling down my legs. I get down into the position you have instructed, with my bum facing you. I feel a little slutty, and actually more than a little turned on. I glance over my shoulder to see you watching me intently. "Are you going to watch?"

"You bet I am."

I have no time to even pretend to care and slowly begin to release my pee. It falls between my legs to the grass beneath me. However, I suddenly staunch the flow in shock as your tongue slides over my tight little back entrance. I look back over my shoulder. You are on your hands and knees behind me now. In my urgent need to pee I hadn't even heard you move.

"Keep peeing." You instruct .

"I can't!" I protest.

"Yes you can. Be a good little slut and keep peeing."

My bladder is still quite full. I force myself to relax and sure enough the pee begins to flow again, but your tongue also returns to my asshole. Finally, after what feels like forever the pee stops and my bladder contracts several times after being emptied. I actually groan with relief and pleasure.

"Okay, so how do I clean myself now?"

You don't answer with words, but instead stand up and then lift me up as well. Pressing your body close to my back you bodily walk me to a tree. You press me to the tree and have me bend a little bringing my feet back from the tree. You tell me to spread my legs nice and wide. I know I look like a whore.

Quickly you are on your knees again and sliding your tongue up my thigh capturing small trickles of pee. I can see where this is going and my stomach flutters with excitement. You catch all the little droplets and then move your mouth to my wet pussy. You thoroughly lick me there, and I know I am more than clean.

Soon, I am panting and moaning. My breathing is heavy and fast. Your tongue is working rapidly over my swollen sensitive clit. I know I am going to cum. I push down onto your face as my nails clutch into the bark of the tree. A low keening moan escapes from me as my body, so tightly coiled, releases and sweeps me up in an incredible climax that leaves me feeling both weak and breathless.

When I turn, you are standing. I have to use the tree to support myself, but you hold me as well. "That..was...incredible." I mumble.

"I thought you were too good to pee in the woods?" You taunt.

"I am." I say in my most princess like tone. "I want to pleasure you." I look up at your sexy hooded eyes. I can see your need for release as well, but you shake your head.

"Not yet." You tell me.

We pull ourselves together and I put back on my panties and jeans. My knees feel a bit wobbly. Hand in hand we return to the path in the park and walk a ways more. Finally we come to another thicket of trees and brush. You stop and I look at you.

"I have to go." You explain. We both smile and head for the trees.

Once in the privacy of the trees you tell me to take off my jeans and panties. "Why? I don't need to pee again."

"Be a good girl and do as you are told." You growl sexily as you tug off your pants and boxers. I decide to do as I am told.

I watch you as you look around. Finally seeing something of interest you take my hand and lead me to a large rock. You sit me on it and spread my legs nice and wide. I am soaked there with pussy juice. You fingers me a little and then place those fingers into my mouth. Sucking my own essence from your fingers I look up at you.

You straighten your stance and take your mostly soft, but still long, cock in hand and aim in between my legs. My eyes round. You're not going to? You wouldn't? Sure enough, a hot stream of your pee shoots from your cock and directly between my legs. Who said men couldn't aim? I feel your hot pee running down over my pussy and down the rock I am sitting on. The jet like stream hits my clit and I gasp at the pleasure of it. When you stop I look up at you with big eyes. I had liked it. We can both see that.

"Clean me." You say.

I move off the rock and we step a few feet away to some soft ground. I kneel down, not caring about the wetness between my legs. I take your cock in my mouth and suck it softly. I can taste your urine and I decide I don't mind it at all. Then, much to my shock you release just a very little bit of pee into my mouth. My eyes round in surprise. You look at me intently. I can almost read your mind. What will she do now?

Feeling bold, I take my mouth off your cock without spilling any of the pee in my mouth. Looking you in the eye I swallow it. I stand and you take my face in your strong hands and we kiss. We share the salty taste of ourselves. We both delight in our naughtiness.
