I drive a number of miles to my office, always dressed in a fashionable suit. Since I'm self–employed I arrive quite early, before anyone else. One cold winter morning while it was raining a bit as well, I pulled my van from the garage and felt that I had to pee. But I didn't want to go back in and pull up my skirt, pull down my hose and panties, so I just went on to work. 15 miles from the office there was a wreck on the highway. Not too bad but it held up traffic for about 20 minutes. I had to pee ever so badly and no where to pull off the road to relieve myself. Finally traffic was moving again and it started to rain rather hard. Ten miles from the office, I felt a burst of hot pee gush through my panties. Holding myself with one hand and driving just above the speed limit, I was praying that I could make it on time. Only a few more miles to go after the pee had burst through my panties. I could feel the hot wetness on my derriere, and knew the back of my skirt was fast becoming wet. I was in pain and each mile became an eternity as I held my slip and skirt between my legs and was now able to feel the wetness through the front of my skirt as well. Finally I arrived at the office and quickly stepped out of my van. My bladder lost all control – by the time I got in the office pee was running down my legs, so I quickly kicked off my heels so as not to ruin them with all of the pee that was streaming down my legs. Pee was now dripping from the hem of my skirt as well. I sat on the toilet and just let the rest of my piss gush through my skirt. What a mess it was –there was pee all over the bathroom floor and down the hallway. Fortunately I always have a spare suit at the office so cleaned myself up, mopped the floor and rinsed out my slip, skirt, hose, and panties, then hung them to dry. Then I went out and with warm water and soap washed the seat of my van. Thank goodness it had vinyl seats. I almost wore my blue crepe suit, which would have been ruined, but the red suit I had worn instead was washable. Also, I am very relieved that no one came in till about 8:30, so I was spared that embarrassment as well. I'm an older lady and bladder control isn't as easy as it was 10 years ago. You can bet I never leave the house anymore without doing a potty before going to work. 
Cynthia