It was a week before Christmas when I received a call from my friend, April. In past years April and I traveled home to New Jersey together during the holidays. When she called we discussed our options for that next week. With everything being so hectic on the airlines these days we opted to drive home this holiday. So, on that day we were to drive home together April was actually running late. She lives an hour south of me these days and made the trip to my apartment that morning. By the time she arrived I was anxious to get on the road. She didn't need the restroom or anything so we got right in my Jeep and we were off. After a short while we reach Interstate highway 95, which takes us directly home. In the past April and I hardly ever had stopped for breaks. Basically we stop whenever we need gas, and that is when we grab a snack and use the restroom. We have always made good time on our trips home. 
April and I had some brief sexual encounters while at school. They were basically a result of our drunkenness, and we had never gone as far as actually having sex. She was very hot and popular and always had a boyfriend to keep me from really pursuing things further with her. 
Back to the ride – after maybe two hours or so we passed Richmond and I stopped for gas. We made a really quick stop and neither of us used the restroom, not to my notice at the time, though. We both grabbed a quick drink. April got a huge 44 oz. Bottle of water, and I got a 32 oz. Coke. Neither of us ever really ate a whole lot during our drives either, just a drink or two. 
Things were really cruising along on this day. A couple of hours after Richmond we passed through Washington with very little traffic, which is quite amazing actually. April had always been good at asking me to stop if she absolutely had to pee, but she hadn't said anything yet, even though she had finished every last drop of her water. Being that she was fine I pressed on towards Baltimore. 
About an hour later we reached the outskirts of Baltimore. I didn't want to stop before the city. I planned to get through the tunnel, pay the toll and stop shortly thereafter. I was beginning to feel a need to pee, but no real emergency, yet. I could last until after the tunnel. 
We got to within a mile when I saw the last exit before the tunnel. I didn't think much of it, but I sure did when I drove a little further and saw a long line of taillights. We had hit a real traffic jam. The first thing I realized was that I really needed to pee now. 
"Gosh, this looks pretty," chimed in April. 
"Yeah, I've never seen traffic like this here before. I sure hope there isn't an accident in the tunnel. That could back up everything," I said. 
We both got pretty quiet for a couple of minutes as we stared at the long line of cars extending into the tunnel. In the last couple of minutes we had only moved maybe 30 yards, things weren't going anywhere; traffic behind us was backing up quickly. I began to get curious if April was getting as desperate as I was. If she was, she wasn't showing it. I decided to bring it up casually, "Gosh April, I hope this gets going somewhere fast, I really need to go. I didn't use the bathroom when we stopped in Richmond".
"Oh God Mikey, me too. I haven't gone since I left my house this morning. I really gotta go too". 
Well, at least I had company, but I wasn't feeling any better. Thinking about it constantly wasn't helping. Added to that I had to keep constantly braking and clutching due to the stop and go traffic. This was making it hard to keep my legs pressed together. I kept looking over at April who seemed a bit nervous suddenly. She was bobbing her legs together while massaging her thighs. She had never gotten openly desperate on our previous trips and this was starting to turn me on. 
Ten minutes later we had moved maybe a quarter of a mile and we were still another quarter of a mile from the tunnel entrance. I began to wonder what would happen if we entered the tunnel and one of us couldn't hold it any longer. The tunnel is maybe two miles long and surely we would be in there for quite a while. Thinking of that was killing me. My need to go had tripled in the last ten minutes. April and I weren't talking much, she was staring out the window, but I noticed that she was changing her position about every thirty seconds. Every time she changed positions I noticed she would casually slip her hand past her crouch for a quick squeeze. 
Noticing this was turning me on, even though I probably needed to go more badly then her. I wanted so bad to get a grab at my cock, but I couldn't do it without being obvious. I was dying from the pressure building up. 
A minute or so later I pressed the clutch and I felt a couple of drops squeeze out. I squeezed as hard as I could without grabbing myself and I was able to stop the flow. I looked down and luckily nothing was showing through on my jeans. I was very worried and began doubting that I would be able to hold on much longer. I began thinking about pulling off to the shoulder and just letting go. The very thought of relieving myself was making it harder to hold on. I was dying to let go. 
I was moaning under my breath and I noticed April was doing the same. I looked over and she had her legs crossed tightly while bobbing her right leg. She had her hand held between her thighs. I looked at her and rolled my eyes. She moaned in agony. I believe she was about as desperate as I was. 
A couple minutes later I thought I had lost it. I had again pressed the clutch when another squirt escaped, only this time when I tried to stop I couldn't. A quick jet of pee escaped and I looked down as my crotch began to darken.
"Shit!!" I muttered as I grabbed my cock. With my grab I was able to again stop the flow after maybe three long seconds of pee. April looked at my crotch and instantly grabbed her crotch as well. "Oh God, Mikey, are you wetting your pants?"
"God April...I can't hold it much longer. I'm having an accident. I just let a little out. I must pull over. I'm just gonna have to go on the side of the road!"
"Mikey, what about me? I gotta go just as bad! I can't just go on the side of the road like you!"
"April, I don't know how good you are at holding it, but it's gonna be like another hour before we have any chance to exit. So, if you really gotta go you'll get out and do as I do."
"Oh God, all these people will see! I can't just pull down my jeans in front of all these cars! Oh God!!! But I can't hold it another hour!!!"
"April, after I get back in the car just get out and wet your jeans. You won't have to pull your pants down. I have towels you can sit on until we get somewhere we can change." 
"Oh Mikey, I don't think I can do that."
"Well, do whatever, but I'm pulling over." 
With that I pulled onto the shoulder and jumped out. I began squirting in my pants as I rushed to right outside April's door and turned my back to her. I quickly unzipped and pulled out my gushing cock. Thirty seconds later April rolled down her window a crack, "Ok, Mikey hurry up and finish and get back in the car!!! I'm gonna get out after you and wet my jeans. Hurry!!" The sound of my pee hitting the pavement had to be making it tough on her.
I kept right on peeing for another thirty seconds when I heard April open her door. "April, hold on! I'm almost done!" I turned my head and April opened her door and hopped out. She stood next to me and got locked in a stare with my huge cock as my last squirts were escaping. She was bending at the waist with both hands buried in her crotch, "Oh shit.... I'm gonna do it. Oh fuck! I'm going...oh shit...shit!!" I quickly shook and buried my cock back in my damp briefs. I stared as she spread her legs and squeezed them together again, "It's okay April, just let it go."
"Oh God, here it comes!! I'm going to wet my pants.... oh god, oh...ohhhh!!! Mikey please don't watch!! Oh shit!!" She unzipped her fly and shoved her hand in her jeans. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back. She was breathing heavily as I watched the flow begin. At first it started slowly down her legs and it stopped briefly, "Oh God!! I'm going, I'm going...ohhhh!!" With that, the pee poured out. Her ass was soaked in two seconds. It quickly got wet all the way up her butt crack almost to the top of her jeans. She spread her legs a little more and her legs were instantly soaked. Watching this, combined with the warm dampness in my own briefs was giving me wood. April peed for maybe a minute. When she finished she gave herself a quick rub and zipped back up. She turned to me, obviously ashamed of herself, not looking me in the eye, "It's Ok April.... these things happen, let me get those towels real quick and we'll get out of here". Her jeans were completely soaked and clinging tightly to her legs. 
I spread the towels on her seat and we rejoined the traffic. 
We really didn't say too much to each other for the next forty–five minutes that we sat in traffic. I'm sure she was quite embarrassed, as was I. But I was also turned on. That was hotter than seeing my neighbor Casey wet herself. 
After passing the tollbooth we turned off at the first rest area. As we got closer we realized there were a lot of people around. 
"April, if it's Ok with you I'm just gonna park off in the distance and we'll have to change here in the car. I really don't feel like walking in there with soaked jeans, do you?"
"Yeah, that's totally fine with me."
I passed all the parking spaces and headed to the farthest corner of the parking lot, maybe fifty yards from the nearest car. After I parked April reached into the backseat for her bag to grab a dry pair of jeans and panties. As she was reached back I had my head about a foot from her soaked ass. I could smell the pee from her jeans. She had such a gorgeous ass. I began getting a wicked hard on instantly. She sat back down in her seat after grabbing her jeans and panties. Immediately she took off her jeans and I was now caught in a stare with her soaked black cotton jockey briefs. She caught me as I was staring, "Come on Mikey, I'm not the only one getting naked here." "Right! I'm right behind you!" I reached in the back for my bag and got a fresh pair of jeans and briefs as well. I could hear her as she was changing panties. I had to hurry; I was missing all the action. I turned back around with my clothes as I saw her pull up her jeans over a light blue thong. Oh it looked so good!!
I had a problem though. I was now totally turned on and I couldn't shake my huge hard on. I'm sure April could notice the bulge I was sporting. "Well...come on Mikey.... time for you to change...let's go," she said with a huge smile. 
"Right..." I said with hesitation. I had no choice; I only hoped somehow she wouldn't stare. I wasn't that lucky. I unzipped my jeans and took them down to my knees. I was screwed when I saw my soaked briefs clinging to every inch of my hard on. Christ, I was almost popping out of the top of my underwear. I quickly covered my cock with both hands... 
"Mikey...um.... you kinda excited?"
"Sorry babe...I don't know why...but..."
"Mikey, it's okay... just let me help you out."
With that she reached her hand over and held my hand that was covering my cock. She slid over the console and sat right next to me. She began massaging my thigh and blowing in my ear. I turned my head towards her as she stuck her tongue down my throat. As we were kissing she began to massage my hard on gently over my wet briefs. She withdrew her kiss and went to my cock. She took down my briefs and began jerking my cock and hard.... It didn't take but a minute before I shot hot cum all over the steering wheel and dash. We kissed again for another minute...
I proceeded to get changed after that. We got back on the road after our short delay....
We didn't make it all the way home without another couple of stops...but that is between the two of us!!!
Mikey