An embarrassing train journey
	Posted on March 27, 2015
By George Private

My interest in “dirty toilet stories”, involving pretty young girls getting desperate, peeing themselves, or having to pee in public or at some unsuitable place (the street, a park, a men’s urinal…), started when I as a teenager read such a story, somewhat surprisingly published among other jokes in a Swedish family magazine. Below is my reiteration of this story from memory, and translated into English.

This story tells about a young teenage girl who was going by train on her own to visit her grand mother. It probably took place quite some time ago, when old-time third-class train cars were sometimes still in use.

The girl did not have a lot of money, and so bought a cheap third-class ticket for such a car with wooden benches.

She went onto the train, found her compartment, and sat down on the wooden bench. After some time, she felt she needed to go for a pee. She went out from the compartment and to the end of the car where the toilet was located, but unfortunately it was locked and out of function. This was the only toilet in her car, and since the car was of an old-fashioned type, it was not possible to pass from it into the rest of the train, so the poor girl had to return to her compartment with her business unfinished.

The train journey to her grandmother’s place out in the country would take almost three hours. She tried to think about other things, but she could feel the pressure in her bladder increasing more and more. The shaking and rattling of the old train did not help, and she was feeling increasingly uncomfortable with the pressure building up, and nowhere to go. The more nervous she got, the worse the pressure became. Almost an hour went, but how could she possibly hold out for another hour and a half, when she already had problems holding the pee back, and had to press herself hard against the bench to avoid starting leaking.

Finally, she had no choice but to do it inside the compartment. Luckily enough, she was alone there. She quickly moved to the opposite bench, raised her skirt in the back before sitting down, and pulled her underpants down. then she released her stream, creating a big puddle on the bench beneath her, before adjusting her clothes and returning to her seat.

Shortly afterwards, the train stopped at a station, and a young boy of her age entered the compartment. He was about to sit on the bench opposite the girl, when he noticed the big puddle, and somewhat surprised looked at the girl, who became red in her face. Highly embarrassed, she said to the boy that the cork on her perfume bottle had fallen off, and the content poured out. The boy took out his hankerchief and started wiping the liquid. A bit curious, he took the hankerchief to his nose to smell the perfume. Then he said with a naughty smile to the embarrassed girl: “I think I have a cork that would fit to that bottle”.

