Title: Pool on the Runway

By: Mainstream

Please get it off of me. It's pressing down on me. It's too heavy…Please…I'm in distress. Can't you see. I'm in pain. I can't take it. Please"

The light was slow to return to her eyes, as she awoke from the dream. The night had been a long one. So many beers. Such hard sex. She was well sore from the experience. But another feeling joined the pain in her crotch this morning. She was dripping wet. A warm, moist, sticky clothed feeling that hadn't visited her since she was a school girl.

Pissed the bed? How can that be? She hadn't done anything of the sort in over ten years.

Jared sucked in a huge gulp of air as he awoke startled next to her.

"What the hell?", he began.

Then he began laughing. A small chuckle, at first, that erupted into fierce, taunting mirth. Pointing his finger on one arm, and holding his sides with the other he mocked, "You little baby" Jenny went pee-pee. nyah, nyah…What's the matter? Can't hold your liquor?"

Jennifer reddened and pushed her chin into her chest as she rose from the bed. Jared was already standing above her, having jumped up during his long laugh. She kept a bed sheet wrapped around her to protect her soiled undergarments from his piercing glare. Of all the indignities she could suffer, she couldn't imagine a worse one than to be subjected to this ridicule.

As she reached the bathroom down the hall, letting the sheet drop to the floor, she began to recover.

"He had no right to react that way.", she muttered to the mirror. Her wet panties fell to join the sheet, and soon warm water flowed from the shower head onto her soft brown hair.

"First of all, it was him who got me drunk I would have been just as happy to spend the evening at a restaurant drinking nothing but Coke." She emptied the remains of her bladder into the tub, letting the water wash it away like a dream.

"And I wouldn't be so sore if he hadn't pounded into me like that all night long." But she could hardly blame him for that. She could remember her own voice crying, "Yes, Yes, harder, harder." And she certainly couldn't regret the feeling of their two pelvises crashing together again and again.

Still though, she had to get him back for this morning. And as the soap cleared from her eyes she began to come up with a plan.

His problem, she thought, was that he hadn't pissed himself in so long, he had forgotten what it was like. She knew just how she could change that.

She dressed and wandered down stairs to start breakfast as he entered the shower. Her roommate Kumiko was out of town visiting her father, but Jennifer knew exactly where she kept her special tea. Kumiko was known to suffer from urethral infections now and again, and her Japanese physician had prescribed a special diuretic tea to help her recover from these bouts. Kumiko had warned Jennifer not to drink the tea and had pointed out what the writing on the box said. But Jared of course knew nothing about Japanese writing, so he suspected nothing when he came down and joined Jennifer in the kitchen.

She had placed a cup of the hot, strong acting liquid at his place on the table. Taking a much more neutral tea for herself, she sat down beside him to eat.

"Maybe you shouldn't drink so much beer, my little pissy-girl", he smiled as he spoke.

With a feigned indignant look, she retorted, "Maybe my muscles were a little tired, did you ever think of that?"

"Ha," he bellowed, "You mean I'm too much of a man for you!" He struck a pseudo-body-builder pose, reveling in his own humor.

"Yeah, right." she countered. Just you wait, she thought.

After eating, and several cups of tea later, the two began discussing their plans for this Saturday morning.

Their original plans had been to go bike-riding, and then to the mall. She was going to buy him some better jeans. The one's he was wearing today were almost too worn to be of any use.

But she needed to get him away from any toilets, and that meant going to the old airport. "Why don't we go for a hike, instead of going biking today?" she posed the question as innocently as possible. "You mean by the old airport again?" he asked., "Okay, sounds good to me."

And thus her plan came together. The ideal thing about the airport was that there were (by design) absolutely no trees. Couldn't have a Cessna barreling head-long into an oak, or a weeping-willow, could we? To make it even better, there were seemingly endless amounts of space. They could walk a long way away from anything at all.

Thinking about what she was doing to Jared was causing her to become surprisingly aroused. As they walked up the hill on the side of the old airport, her own crotch began to dampen at the thought of his crotch soon becoming wet.

They had been walking for only ten minutes or so, when she started catching a few signs that he would shortly be in trouble.

He stopped, and faked a yawn. "Ahhh it's going to be a hot day." He said as he stretched a little and exaggerated by reaching his arms over his head. It was an obvious excuse to arch his back.

A little while later he dropped behind her a pace or two, and she turned to see his hand at his crotch. "Just scratching a little" he smiled uncomfortably, "guess I itch for more of your sensual favors."

They hadn't walked for another hundred yards, when he let out a groan. He had a panicked look on his face, as he searched the horizon in vain. "Damn, I can't believe how bad I got to pee." He blurted out. "Maybe we ought to start back," she said, with almost too much sympathy. "Yeah we really better get going." He winced, and began a fast paced stroll back the way they had come.

She was squirming from her own pleasure nearly as much as he squirmed from his pain. Fortunately he walked ahead of her, so he couldn't see how excited she was getting. It was going to get a lot worse for him, she knew.

As they made it about halfway back the distance they had traveled, he slowed and she caught up to walk beside him. His face grimaced, and reddened as he stopped. His hands grabbed at his cock clearly outlined in his tightly covered crotch. It had become slightly engorged with his pending need, and doubling over was not enough to prevent a small leakage. The cloth darkened right at the tip of his penis, and the patch was right about the same size as the thumb which pressed ineffectively from above.

Jared gathered himself, and began an ever more frantic jaunt toward the fence to the south of where they had been standing. "You're enjoying this," he stammered, his legs barely parting with each stride, and his feet shuffling to ever smaller steps. "No, really. I'm so sorry. It's terrible." She pretended, but it was now obvious how aroused she was. "Uggggghhhhh," he yelled, "Damn." The spot on his crotch had grown to the size of a baseball. "I can't hold it anymore. How could this happen? I don't get it."

With two final pathetic steps, that reminded Jennifer of an old man in a rest home, Jared came to a halt once again. He was breathing hard, getting as much oxygen as possible. The strain bulged the veins on his throat and neck. Then, he gave up. The pain was too great, and it was too late anyway.

The darkness spread from his crotch to his knees, and then all the way to his sneakers. A pool began to form on the weed infested tarmac. They were only about fifty feet from the edge of the airport. Another half block even, and he could have made it to some trees in a nearby neighbor's front lawn. But now he had no choice but to walk back looking like a schoolboy who had been too foolish to visit the restroom in time.

Jennifer was giggling. She couldn't help it. The sight of his lost dignity was everything she had imagined it was going to be.

The words "fuck me" came out of someone's mouth. A perfect thing to say, she was thinking, until she realized she had said it herself.

"Oh yes, fuck me." She exclaimed. Now forcefully, and with confidence.

"What, here? Now?" Jared was in disbelief.

"Please." She whined, "here, now, right on the runway. Let me peel off your wet pants."

She grabbed the top button at his waist, and pulled it out of the loop. Her fingers glistened with wetness as she unbuttoned the rest of his fly. The dismay which had so recently populated his face, was quickly replaced by a lustful drunkenness. She reached inside his yellow stained underwear and released his rapidly hardening member.

She bent down to kiss the tip, and licked away a small drop of the golden liquid. It tasted salty, but sweet at the same time. Strangely it reminded her of the smell of the tea he had been drinking. She suddenly wondered if Kumiko's pee would taste as sweet, after having had the powerful tea. The thought made her frantic, and she had to pull Jared's cock toward the crotch of her spandex leotard as she let herself down onto her back with her free hand catching her balance.

Jared's hands grabbed at her skirt, and to her thankful relief whisked the crotch of her jumpsuit to one side. His cock penetrated her, with a gentle thrust, but it was followed by a more forceful one. With increasing force and tempo he rammed into her, again and again. The hardness of their pelvises banging in unison. It was only then that she remembered how sore her muscles had been, and now each of Jared's thrusts threatened to loosen her own grip on the morning's tea. Why hadn't she thought of it? Of course she would need a toilet too. She had already lost control during the night, certainly her muscles were bound to be tired.

But she mentally welcomed the thought of losing control here. In this place, under these circumstances, she wouldn't feel degraded. It would seem natural. She steeled herself against the forces, determined that it would be an accident, rather than on purpose. It had to be genuine, or it wouldn't be as good.

As she reached her climax, the muscles of her pussy folded. They had had enough. Her abdomen spasmed in ecstasy, as each stream sprayed into the air arcing onto the asphalt. Jared had pulled out after his own climax, and watched the spectacle from beside her.

It was a long time later, before she told him about the diuretic tea. But since wet fun was part of their sex life from that day forward, she found the tea to be a valuable ally.

