Title: The Jumper
	Entry to: Month 21 Received 12/10/1999 (late), published 17/10/1999.
By: Frodo

I've been on the force for fifteen years.  I remember those early years when I was a big, muscular stud parading about in that snug uniform, and the way that women - and quite a few men - would look at me.  Unfortunately, fifteen years of irregular meals, too many doughnuts, and sitting in a police cruiser for hours at a time have taken their toll.  I guess I look more like a teddy bear now, but that soft appearance isn't all bad.  

The guys have dubbed me The Counselor.  I'm not handsome, but I'm told I have a pleasant face.  My voice is soft and low, and I listen well.  That's why I'm called when they have a particularly difficult domestic disturbance or a potential suicide.  That's why they called me when they had this Jumper.

It was one of the older buildings in the city, twelve stories tall with wide granite ledges at alternate floors.  When I pulled over next to the hydrant in front of the brick and stone pile, I could see the guy sitting on the tenth-floor ledge, his feet hanging down.  There were TV satellite trucks all down the street, and the windows of the buildings opposite were filled with spectators and media video cameras.  Already the people in the street were shouting, "Jump!  Jump!"  I wondered about the pathetic lives that required this kind of excitement.

The tenth-floor office had been cleared of all but police personnel, and as they were buckling me into the safety harness it occurred to me that I had to pee.  Now, my bladder and I are great friends and respect each other.  I can hold quite a lot for quite a long time, but I don't abuse the privilege.  When my bladder insists, I empty it.  Many times this has happened on a front lawn or against an alley wall, but I'm not bashful, nor is my cock.  Right now, my bladder was telling me of several cups of coffee and hours since relief.  But there was no time for that now.

I ducked out under the old, double-hung sash and onto the two-foot ledge.  Heights have never bothered me, but I was grateful for the nylon tether that connected me to several husky officers.  I recalled being told that falling doesn't kill you;  it's the sudden stop at the bottom.  Ten stories was enough to make a significant splatter.  I walked along to within three feet of the Jumper, then sat and dangled my own legs over the edge.

I introduced myself, and learning that the Jumper had the unlikely name of Bruno, I mused that his parents had declared their expectations at his birth.  He was thirtysomething, skinny, with a beard and glasses.  I asked him what this was all about.

Bruno told me that the world would be better off without him.  When I gently probed for details, he began a recitation of growing up in a dysfunctional family, of never meeting expectations, of flunking out of college.  And of being gay.

I felt for him.  I wanted to hold him and comfort him, to tell him that he was a good person, to assure him that tomorrow would be better.  Amid these feelings was the sudden realization that I had to pee really urgently.  But this was not the time to deal with it.

After more soothing words and gentle questions, Bruno told me of his failed marriage to a demanding, cruel shrew who demeaned him at every opportunity and who took his every possession when they divorced.  He wept, and I wept with him, despite the fact that I was distracted by the strident scream of my bladder muscles.

As Bruno was relating the loss of his job, I slowly stood to relieve the pressure within.  I looked across the street to the array of cameras that were surely transmitting our images to the TV public with zoom lenses.  I guessed that directional microphones were picking up each word with great clarity.

Bruno stood as well, and then told me that he was going to jump.  I said that I was sorry that I didn't get to know him better, that we could have become good friends.  And I held out my hand to wish him goodbye.  All the while, I was fighting the overwhelming need to avoid disgracing myself on national television.

By reflex, Bruno thrust out his own hand, and once I clasped it firmly I used all my dormant muscles to pull him to me.  Embracing him in a powerful bear hug, I hollered to my fellow officers to open the window next to me and pull us in.  It had clearly not been opened since the last 30 years worth of paint had been applied, and they pounded on the sash to free it as Bruno struggled in my grasp.  It seemed certain that we would both go over the edge.  Perhaps it was from that fear that my sphincter muscles finally relented and a massive spurt poured down the front of my uniform pants.  Another and another gushed forth, and every glistening drop was captured by the cameras.  I didn't care.  All my efforts were directed toward maintaining my balance and my grip.  Bruno would be safe.

Two things happened simultaneously.  Bruno ceased his struggles, instead holding me and crying out, "Don't leave me!"  And the sash suddenly flew up and many hands drew us into the room.  Bruno clung to me, sobbing uncontrollably.

I insisted that he not be handcuffed, that I would escort him to the cruiser and the station myself.  All my fellow officers saw my peed pants, and the one tentative comment was cut short.  They formed a screen around me as we exited the building.

One bold reporter stretched her microphone over the shoulders of the protecting police and asked the ultimate in inane questions, "Were you scared being out there on that ledge?"

I stopped abruptly, my screening friends continuing to move ahead and momentarily revealing me at full length.  I turned to face the crowd and the reporter, my sodden trousers in plain view, and retorted, "Was I scared? Whaddaya think?"

So it's too late.  Life is like that.......
