This is a TRUE story, and I couldn't believe it when it happened to me. I have this friend; we'll call her Ruth. Ruth likes a bit of a drink, but recently, she has been drinking to excess, and has been losing friends. Ruth never stays in her own house, she tends to go out and go home with other people, usually her female friends but some guys too.
Now, not everyone is into watersports and for some reason, people have been throwing Ruth out of their house after she repeatedly wet herself. I was hearing stories for weeks of how Ruth has been wetting her pants, and letting them dry out instead of changing, and I tried desperately to find her for a while. Last weekend, I found her in the corner of a pub. They refused to serve her, and she was just waiting there. The landlord was going to call the police to have her removed, and everybody was avoiding her because she was wetting herself. I found her and she was soaking, so I walked her out of the pub. I wasn't drunk, but I got such a rush, my dick was harder than it ever was and I felt like I was going to explode. On the way home, an already soaked Ruth stood there and pissed herself again. A torrent of pee ran down her legs, soaking her beige pants even more and down to a puddle on the floor. I came in my pants, twice, and I was dizzy with excitement. She was wet, she was coming home with me and sure from what I had heard, this wasn't a one off. Ruth peed herself wherever she was, and only went to the toilet for a shit.
When I got her home, she searched my house for drink. Whilst she was having a drink, she peed herself on my couch. I watched her with intrigue as she did it. When a woman wets herself sitting down, a little pool of pee gathers at her crotch. This happened. I shot my load again, naturally and she noticed this. She sat on my knee, and the wetness from her soaked through to me. By this time, I was absolutely ecstatic. I had no idea where it was coming from, but I was shooting my load several times.
When we went to bed, I seriously fucked her brains out. During the night, she wet the bed, and it soaked through to me. The feeling of a girl wetting herself next to you is the best, and I was already high from ejaculating over 10 times in the space of a few hours. I could have died there– it felt so good.
The next morning, Ruth got up and put on the pants she had pissed in earlier, which were now dry. I had a bath, and she wanted to go to the pub. We went to the pub, and round about 5 o clock she pissed all over herself again, and I took her home. Ruth has been pissing her pants all over me, all over my bed, and all over my carpets, but it's well worth it. Her own house stinks as well as her mattress has rotted. Ruth is good for a sexual fantasy, but not really girlfriend material. I've had her for just over a week, but I can't be with her all the time. Somebody else will have her another week. I'm not the first and I'm definitely not the last but one thing is certain. I'll have her again and she'll fulfill my sexual desires once more.
PS. I must have shot my load over 80 times in the last week. That's over 10 times a day. I had no idea my dick could get so big either. Put it this way, it would put most porn stars to shame.
DM