Oops!!
	Sarah's wet and wild discovery.
Author: Darksyde

It was 9:30 at night, and Sarah was dead tired after a long day at work. She looked forward to going home, and breaking open a bottle of Chablis and enjoying a nice, hot soak in the tub before bed.

As she sat in an empty subway car, she sipped a bottle of water she bought at the kiosk. The air conditioning in the subway car was out, and it was a warm, 90 degree evening. Perspiration beaded on her forehead, and she wiped it away with the back of her hand. Suddenly, the lights went out and the train jerked to a halt. "Oh, for Christ's sake!" she thought, taking a long pull of her cold water, "Just what I need, a fucking blackout!" Even in the late evening, the heat was oppressive, and because the train was no longer moving, no fresh air came through the vents, either. "Thank God for the water!" she muttered to herself. She took one more slug and put it in her bag, trying to ration it in case the power was going to be out for a while.

Luckily, the lights came back on, and the train started to move after only 10 minutes, and Sarah breathed a sigh of relief. She only had two more stops to go, and the chilled wine would be hers...all hers! She finished the bottle of water with a contented sigh, letting the cool liquid trickle down her throat.

Her stop was next, and she stood up to get off the train. "Oh, God," she thought, "I gotta pee!" She steeled herself for the 15 minute walk from the station to her apartment, while damning gravity for making the urine weigh so much in her bladder. She got off the train, and began walking. After a minute, she started to feel better, and relaxed a bit. "I'm gonna make it!" she thought. Unfortunately, her bladder had different plans entirely. Almost as soon as she relaxed her PC muscles, a small trickle of pee seeped from her urethra and moistened the gusset of her cotton panties. 


She stopped dead in her tracks, exclaiming, "Oh, SHIT!" An old woman sitting on her balcony shook her head disapprovingly. "I can make it!" Sarah told herself firmly, "I HAVE to make it!" She took another step, and more pee came out, further wetting her panties. Sarah was humiliated. Here she was, minutes away from her house, and she was pissing her panties like a baby! She took a deep breath, and started walking faster to her house. She breathed a sigh of relief as no more pee came. She was feeling more and more confident with each step.

A sharp pain wracked her pelvis, as her bladder protested mightily. "I can see my house," she said to herself, "Home stretch." Another spasm wracked her bladder, and a squirt of piss shot out of her, soaking her panties and ran down her legs, soaking her pantyhose. "No!" she thought despairingly, as her will dissolved. Seeing nobody around, and trying at this point to just save her skirt from an expensive trip to the dry cleaners, she hiked up her skirt. Before she could get her panties off and squat though, the floodgates opened, and the pee surged forth in a powerful wave.

Warmth enveloped her vagina as her panties filled with pee, sending golden rivulets down her legs, and into her shoes. Sarah squealed and spread her legs wider trying to keep any more pee from soaking her shoes. She still had some dignity left, you know! The piss came and came, and Sarah was shocked and somewhat disgusted by the tingling which enveloped her clit. "What the fuck?!?" Sarah thought, "I'm pissing myself, and I'm getting HORNY?"

The flow finally stopped, and Sarah gasped at the small lake she had created in the middle of the sidewalk. Looking around in panic, suddenly realizing that she was standing in the middle of the sidewalk with her skirt hiked up, she ran quickly to her house, and slammed the door behind her when she got in. Sarah kicked off her sodden shoes, and looked at herself in the mirror next to the door. Sweat matted her fine red curls to her forehead, sweat stains were evident in the armpits of her blouse, and her gray skirt was hiked up over her hips. Her panties and hose were a different story.

They were completely soaked, so much so that Sarah was able to see her red pubic curls through her panties. She peeled off her panties and hose. As the wet cotton released itself from her hot pussy, she gasped as a shudder of intense pleasure ripped through her body. Unable to control herself, Sarah moved her hand to her wet pussy, seeking her clit. She began rubbing her clit fervently, gasping as pleasure enveloped her. Her other hand opened her blouse, and moved under her 36B bra to stroke her breasts as she rubbed her clitoris. Her breathing came in ragged gasps as an intense orgasm ripped through her body, causing her knees to buckle a bit.

Once she recovered, Sarah finished removing her wet clothes, tossed them in a heap in the corner, (She really didn't care anymore!) and went to the kitchen. She opened the bottle of wine from the fridge, grabbed a glass, and headed to the bathroom to have her bath. She ran the bath hot, the way she likes it, and slipped inside the water. She drank the wine while contemplating what just happened to her. Sure, she'd heard of golden showers, and the whole urine and desperation fetish, but thought that was just a fetish held by freaks. Was she a freak? She didn't think so. Maybe it was the 3rd glass of wine, but as she thought about her pissing herself, she found herself getting horny again! She went to grab more wine, but realized she had emptied the whole bottle! "That would explain the light head!" she giggled to herself. She stood up to empty the tub, and a familiar sensation hit her. She had to pee again!

She decided to abandon herself this time to her newly discovered joy. She lay down in the now empty tub, and started to rub her clit slowly. As she did, she also began to let herself pee. The sensation was electric, like nothing she'd ever felt before. On an impulse, she stopped peeing, and brought the hand that had been rubbing her clit to her mouth, and tasted the pee dripping from her fingers. It was salty, but not altogether unpleasant. She moved herself so her bum was touching the end of the bathtub, with her legs riding up the wall. Feeling alive, feeling dirty, but so GOOD, Sarah spread her legs as far as she could. She then opened the delicate labia wide, and began to pee again. The pee trickled down her abdomen at first.

Sarah pushed, and a golden arc of piss shot from her pussy and sprinkled down over her firm breasts. Sarah pushed harder, and got what she wanted...a stream shot out and hit her face, and entered her mouth. She swallowed the delicious golden offering, and began rubbing her clit madly while pushing what was left of her pee out. Soon Sarah was moaning in ecstasy, her body glistening with her fragrant nectar. She came hard, and her body shook, but she wanted MORE. She looked over and grabbed the empty wine bottle, and pushed it into her well lubricated pussy. She cried out, the feelings so intense, and began fucking herself with the bottle with reckless abandon. "Oh, FUCK!!!!" she cried out, as an intense orgasm ripped through her. She removed the bottle from herself with a wet sucking sound, and lay there, breathing heavily.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the bathroom door. "Sarah, are you ok?!?"

"Oh shit," Sarah thought. "How will I EVER explain this to my roommate?"
