It was finally that day, a cloudy Saturday morning that my worst nightmare came about. Well, I had to visit my relatives in another city and I hate throwing my precious time off the cliff doing some pointless stuff. However I had no idea, they would probably say that I had forgotten them or I had abandoned our very good relationship if I were to deny this invitation, not to mention that it was holiday. Honestly, I'd rather slack at home for some sexy omorashi videos.
Before long, I reached the airport earlier than expected; I was anticipating a rain that might cause a traffic jam to occur at first, though the cloudy sky remained calm. I bought a Fillet O' Fish from McDonald's and began eating mindlessly. Smartly, I avoided consuming any diuretic drinks such as coffee; I dislike needing to urinate during a trip.
After all the annoying processes of body scans and luggage management, there was still roughly 10 minutes before the flight started. I took this opportunity to empty my bladder; the toilets were rather filthy, I must say. Though I actually expected nothing much, this is my beautiful country Malaysia!
The airplane I was going to board is known as the almighty Firefly, the smallest plane available in my country if I was not mistaken. It flies passengers from city to city within Malaysia. The airplane's appearance wasn't as bad, colored with bright orange and yellow, with a size slightly larger than a bus.
The good news was that the majority of the passengers were Chinese. Nevertheless, the bad news was most of them were either little kids, middle aged or old folks. Fortunately, I was quick enough to have myself seated with a woman in a black female working professional outfit, seemingly in her late 20s. She looked pretty adorable, but seemed a bit sleepy somehow. Undeniably, she could be the best–looking woman in this little airplane.
Well to be more precise, I was located at the right seat of the left side, where I was unable to see the scenery through the windscreen without accidentally harassing the woman beside me. Before the plane started to move, a stewardess announced the nonsense about the seatbelts and safety precautions.
I wasn't at all interested until that stewardess caught my attention! I was completely dazed while eyeing her – gorgeously stunning with smoothed skin and a perfect body figure, dressed in a red stewardess uniform, totally comparable to the woman beside me. Yeah, I bet you're anxious to know, though her boobies weren't especially huge or anything, just squishy enough to be sexy. This girl looked like she was only 22 to me, I seriously love her fairly thin makeup, enlightening her natural beauty. The whole annoying thing (well not annoying anymore due to her voice of sweetness) was repeated once again in Chinese. Usually I would just consider the translated announcement useless since everybody should've known English a little.
There were 3 stewardesses; another one was a middle aged Chinese woman, which I saw on her name tag earlier was Mrs. Chin, her make up was too thick, that was all I have to comment about her. Another one was a Malay lady; I didn't actually even want to look at her to start with. Believe me, you wouldn't want to hear me describing her appearance. She then made the same old announcement of safety thingies in Malay, as I plugged my headset into my ears, pressing my mobile phone and deciding whether I should listen to Lady Gaga or Taylor Swift.
Not sooner had the plane started to leave the ground than Mrs. Chin declared something that interested me. Without hesitating, I immediately took off my headset.
"I repeat, dear passengers, our deepest apologies to announce that the lavatory has not been unlocked this morning and we are unable to search for the key now, we are sorry for the inconvenience caused and we hope you enjoy your comfortable flight on the FireFly."
No doubt, she did sound a little sarcastic, as if she wanted to see the passengers holding their bladder painfully and miserably. I wasn't exactly surprised or anything, as this is the Malaysians' efficiency in their jobs. I have to admit, in fact, this unexpected inconvenience amused me so much! Since did not have an occupied bladder to worry about, I might stand a chance to see some girls dying for the bathroom. The pretty stewardess who was standing behind Mrs. Chin just made a brief gasp; I was sure that I had noticed her doing it, along with her troubled expression.
As I recalled, I thought I heard some quavers in her words while she was announcing the safety belt stuffs. Yes, doubtlessly this enchanting girl was an inexperienced trainee. Now come to think of it, I was aware of her stepping back a little and tapping furtively on her high heels back then. Was she too nervous because she was an amateur that had never made public declaration before?
It was assumedly an hour of flight before we could reach the Kuala Lumpur, where my very dear relatives are living. About 15 minutes after the flight began, my favorite, maybe–desperate stewardess finally reappeared and began serving the passengers. As she passed by, I could sense her fidgetiness, or perhaps I was too anxious to see a live omorashi girl. Most importantly, I had successfully thrown a glance at her nametag, and it spelled "Miss Chua".
As time passed by I noticed that she was unable to stand still most of the time, trying to walk around the small FireFly as much as possible. When she wasn't serving any drinks, she would press her fingers tightly on her sexy thighs, slightly crumpling the lower part of her red female professional uniform. I was more than hundred percent certain that this fairy–faced young stewardess was more than just uncomfortable now. My "little brother" hardened involuntarily as I began to imagine how full her bladder was, how irritated she was feeling.
Secretly, I was observing Miss Chua's magnificent movements of desperation. She apparently couldn't stay on the same spot for more than a second without squirting some nasty bodily fluid on her panties. The poor stewardess was wearing a pair of semitransparent black pantyhose, which obviously wouldn't help much on her agonized bladder.
Sometimes I pretended to be pressing my mobile phone for no particular reason, to shadow the fact that I was constantly keeping an eye on Miss Chua. Or rather, I would shoot an angle with the edge of my optics at the woman sitting quietly beside me. Even so, to my disappointment, she appeared to be sleeping all the time instead of needing to piss.
Suddenly as I was looking at Miss Chua, she gave me an abrupt glance from like one and a half meters away. Well you see, my bashfulness just turned up out of nowhere whenever I happened to have eye contact with a pretty girl, especially one as dazzlingly beautiful as her. I stared on the floor swiftly to avoid her gaze, an innocent gaze mixed with the depths of despair. I wasn't sure if I was blushing, and I wondered if she did frown.
Miss Chua then turned to her back as she slightly bent her upper body forward and raised her left leg from the floor, stealthily. By and by I checked my Casio digital watch, roughly 23 minutes had passed by now after the flight had started. I could tell that she was striving desperately to hide her embarrassing dilemma, but her distressing expression had betrayed her utterly. The rest of the passengers might not have figured out her very personal and disgraceful problem, perhaps I could see it though because I was looking for it, eagerly.
Wretched little Miss Chua would have to wait for another 37 minutes or more. It might seem short and meaningless for everyone else, but it undoubtedly felt like forever for her, the hot stewardess who was bearing with the pee pushing forcefully against her pee–hole. On top of that, it could be the one of the greatest, most memorable moments in my life, to have witnessed a lovely full bladder girl like her.
Eventually, Miss Chua began to rub against her seem–to–be–swelling lower abdomen, waving her body left and right tensely. Standing on her black high heels for that long would have worsened the intense pressure acting on her overloaded bladder, hence she shouldn't be blamed if she happened to cry. Distinctly, this trainee must have been ignoring her bladder's demand in the morning, putting her bodily need aside, assuming that she could have a pee break during the flight.
At the same time, I was entirely indulged in my benighted fantasy – Miss Chua frantically jogging around the little airplane, clamping her hands into her groin, sobbing and wetting her panties with a hissing sound to be heard. I covered the restless bulge in my black trousers with one of my hand, just in case the woman snoring beside me woke unpredictably.
I could imagine the severe discomfort in Miss Chua's overstretched bladder, especially when she was dishing out drinks for customers with her hands being engaged in carrying trays. Unquestionably, the pitiful stewardess could only ease the extreme anguish in her sore bladder by bringing up her legs or wiggling her lower body, that'd be pretty tough. Subsequently the devil within me was aroused, convincing me to order an orange juice from her.
"Excuse me," I half raised my hand like a dumbass, barely overcoming my timorousness.
"Yes, may I help you sir?" Miss Chua asked with her angelic voice, pretending as if she didn't have to use the washroom anymore.
"Um... orange juice," I answered anxiously, followed by a gulp. I felt too bashful while answering her, thus not daring to look at her face to face, but her alluring chest instead. Darn, she might have thought that I was a freaking pervert.
"All right, just a... second," apparently part of her mind was concerned about her tiring bladder, which had been endangered to the edge of spurting uncontrollably.
Miss Chua then turned around as she quickly attached the empty tray she was holding onto her belly region. Possibly it was to respite the flaming desire of her screaming bladder, or a secretive tactic so that she was able to slip a hand inside to squeeze her crotch to gain a temporary comfort. Sitting fixedly on my seat, I couldn't see it in this angel, sadly.
Later Miss Chua came ahead, lifting a tray with the glass of orange liquid I had just ordered; she was biting her lips in frustration. It must have been troublesome for her to serve drinks, watching the liquid colliding madly with the glasses as if they were dancing, reminding her of the massive yellowish pool within her sorrowful bladder.
"Six and a half, please," Miss Chua placed the orange juice in front of me desperately as she stepped back nervously, no doubt worrying that I might have noticed her inglorious bodily desperation. Well I had, quite long ago.
I patted the pockets of my trousers while searching for my wallet; it took me a while. Moreover I had encountered some difficulties in pulling my wallet out, it was just small enough to fit into that no–so–big side pocket. Was I doing all this deliberately, just to have her standing with her aching bladder in uneasiness few inches ahead of me? I couldn't, I wouldn't answer this myself either, to be honest.
As I opened my wallet to drag a ten ringgits (Malaysia's currency) note out, I heard her moaning in agony, dancing her legs on the floor agitatedly as the tonic moan reached my ears. It was a feminine and attractive moan; expressing the despair she was experiencing. Also her high heels had made some sort of tapping sound. Right then I felt blood rushing crazily onto my head and chest and the burning sensation flowed through my upper body.
"Thank you, Mister," she inhaled deeply and continued, with the girly voice that never ceased to attract me, "you'll get your change right away."
As Miss Chua stepped away with her body tightened, I saw her crumpling the money I had given her, clutching her left thigh strongly with another hand. The chilling atmosphere in FireFly due to the air–conditioning evidently wouldn't do any good for her hopeless condition. Though I caught her sweating a little on her charming face, without a single question, it must have caused by her desperation.
"Is she okay?" I was shocked by the abrupt sound popping up beside me; it was that sleeping beauty. "Sick or something?" she asked as I turned my gaze away from Miss Chua's back to the boring white seat in front of me.
I shrugged speechlessly; perhaps I was too shy to mouth it out. It simply proved that her embarrassing peeing trouble was getting more and more visible to everyone else. Nonetheless, my excitement eroded the idea of keeping in what I knew away. Furthermore it might be enjoyable to discuss some piss issues with a woman, I thought.
"I think she have to use the bathroom, m...maybe," I avoided saying "she really has to PEE" as a female might find it sexually harassing or offensive.
"She is not allowed to go?" without knowing how clueless she was, she added emotionally, "what a pity!" No doubt she was napping comfortably back then during the "no toilets today!" announcement.
"They said that the bathroom was locked," I said, trying not to sound somewhat mocking.
"I think I have to pee too," she then checked her silver Rolex, "never mind, just 20 minutes more." Her voice was submerged with a yawn, as she closed her eyes and lowered her head again.
This drowsy woman was pretty open minded, to have told a stranger that she had to pee, although she didn't seem desperate after all. Or was I the only one who was making a big fuss about ladies needing to pee? Shockingly, from what she had told me I realized that it had been 40 minutes and more since FireFly started to fly. Poor Miss Chua, I wondered was she suffering even more intensely with her bursting bladder.
As I lifted the glass up to sip some of the orange juice I had joyfully wasted my money for, I saw Miss Chua speaking apprehensively with Mrs. Chin, the senior stewardess. It seemed as if she was asking for a plastic bag or a container or whatever to pee into before her tortured urethra couldn't take the pressure anymore. It then reminded me how she could actually pee into one of those glasses before serving it to the passengers. Or maybe, even urinate into one of these barf bags? However I was also certain that a clean and dignified girl like Miss Chua wouldn't have the nerve to do that.
Meters away I could see her eyes going somewhat teary as she was talking emotionally to her senior, and her senior seemed to be showing a big–bully and ignorant expression. Too bad their conversation was too far away to be listened to. Inarguably, she was holding both her tears and her pee, for the sake of her pride.
As I was eyeballing them with a determined gesture, Miss Chua made a ninety degree turn and stared at me all of sudden. I was too stunned to react, as she gave me a bitter smile just as though she was a warm, cheerful stewardess. I was more than sure that it took quite an effort for her to force that honeyed beam out, and that she knew that I had been paying a lot of attention on her, I was glad that she didn't mind though.
After witnessing her angelical smile, I stared into my half–finished orange juice absentmindedly and chuckled in silliness by myself. This time, I was positive that my face was reddening heavily like a complete retard. As I had recovered from the heavenly daze, I scanned around the plane, trying to prove to Miss Chua that I was a guy who loved staring at any random person around for pleasure.
Ultimately, Miss Chua walked towards me from where she was standing with her firmly clamped legs and shaky butt. My heart was pounding wildly, thinking that she might come forward and say something like "stop looking at me, weirdo". Yet with her glorious, delicious smile back then, I was assured that my worries were unnecessary.
"Your change Mister, here you go," her voice sounded pretty stressed, if you listened carefully. Oh yea, I had forgotten that the orange juice didn't cost as much as 10 ringgits.
Just right after I had received the changes from Miss Chua, barely touching her silky hands, she abruptly stepped backwards and grasped her vagina forcefully.
"I... I have to pee," she whimpered with her seductive voice, just loud enough to be heard by me. I couldn't believe it; a gorgeous girl was standing in front of me, clutching her vagina, moaning for an emergency piss.
Besides that, of all the passengers in FireFly, she had chosen to cry that out in front of me, the freaky omorashi lover. Perhaps her sanity had been slowly devoured by her unendurable desperation, causing a glorious stewardess like her to admit a shameful matter – that she was going to pee herself like a little girl. After all, it would feel even worse if she didn't vent her frustrations out, and I was the only one who heard her furtive words.
In due course, Miss Chua bounced on her high heels as she was giving her groin a powerful clasp. A few drips of tears shed gradually from her shiny eyes as she breathed rapidly for a few seconds, hardly retaining her bodily liquids. She crossed her pantyhose–covered legs rigidly and bit her pink lips.
"A...are you okay?" clearly discerned that she was not, I questioned, a little stuttering of course. I attempted to stay cool, despite being heated up by an inner stimulation.
"I...I'm okay, I just..." Miss Chua wiped her tears away hurriedly, another hand still hanging around her cunt. She didn't complete her sentence; doubtlessly it must have been too embarrassing for her. Yes she was ALL RIGHT, if Naruto got himself killed in Naruto Shippuuden. 
Surely, now she knew better than anybody else, that I had comprehended the extreme fullness of her bursting bladder. Needless to say, she was prevented from being all humiliated for a second time, still wanting to give me, and every passenger an excellent impression. Anyway there was only 15 minutes left, I wonder if the poor stewardess's panties were still dry.
Miss Chua blushed, dropped her head and stepped away, supposedly wanting to please her senior for the sake of her career. But she seemed unbelievably tense; she was at the verge of spraying pee out of her bladder uncontrollably! I wanted to interview Miss Chua so badly, asking her about her negative feelings with the desperation before she messed herself with icky human waterfall.
Few minutes later, Mrs. Chin who seemed annoyed started another conversation with my omorashi angel just like before. This time I could overhear what they were babbling about, it was only a quarter of meter ahead of my seat.
"I told you Mrs. Chin, I really have to go to the bathroom," it almost sounded as if she was whispering, seemingly afraid of humiliating herself in front of the fellow passengers, "I can't do it anymore... Siti is here." Siti must be that Malay stewardess; she wasn't helping much on serving the customers though.
"It's your job, as a professional, no excuses miss!" Mrs. Chin replied angrily, sounding a lot bitchier than I thought, "go get a glass soda for that guy over there."
"But I really..." Miss Chua heaved in despair as she covered her mouth with her right hand, rubbing her knees continuously against each other. She was too desperate to debate, hence only showing weaknesses like a tamed little girl while jiggling her body around. She was about to burst into tears.
Even though I couldn't deny that I always have fantasies of elder women not allowing pretty girls to use the restroom peacefully or treating a girl with a full bladder mercilessly, my sense of justice had given me the urge to scold Mrs. Chin until she would treat her junior a little nicer. Though that seemed kind of insane so I decided to sit there and watch quietly, not that I was chickening out.
"Just HOLD it like a grown–up!" Mrs. Chin yelled, quite ear–piercingly so that even the passengers might have figured out what was going on.
Miss Chua had no choice but to obey. As she hastily ran forward to get a glass of soda I could see her eyes dripping several tears of misery again, but she managed to clean them off. In spite of the inhuman concentration and strength she was giving to her overwhelmed bladder, she was smart enough not to use a moronic tray, so she could rub her left thigh with another hand. Nevertheless, all these would never help much, as long as there was no place for her to jet her massive stream of urine out.
Unpredictably, as she was about to lay the soda onto the right place, she suddenly pushed her vagina very tightly with both of her hands, underneath her skirt! The glass subsequently lost balance, the soda spilled all over the man who had ordered it and the airplane's floor, forming a soda puddle on the floor that she seriously wouldn't want to look at.
"What are you doing Miss Chua?" Mrs. Chin scolded outrageously, waking every sleepy person in the little airplane including the one beside me, "apologize and clean it up before things get any worse!" "Things getting any worse?" Was she actually referring to Miss Chua wetting herself? Definitely not...
To have held her pee by grabbing her crotch directly like this in public, undoubtedly Miss Chua wouldn't last long before her once comfortable panties and pantyhose got all drenched badly with smelly piss. And to my surprise, this time the cute and obedient stewardess didn't attempt to wipe the man's shirt or the soda puddle on the floor. Miss Chua was wholly out of her mind with the irritating and exploding sensations in her pee–erupting bladder!
The poor airplane–lady forced herself to drag her hands out of her skirt and squeezed her thighs against each other more powerfully than ever, after realizing how humiliating her previous movement was. Simultaneously Miss Chua also got both of her lower legs crossed and her body bent a little forward, almost reaching my head. I wondered how she could stand in balance on her high heels like that. Her alluring dark brown hair went down a little due to the gravity, making it somewhat difficult to tell if she was sobbing miserably by that time.
I made a silly expression as I was looking at her, still trying to remain clamed of course. Maybe she was too desperate to care about my gaze few centimetres in front of her, or maybe she knew that all passengers were already staring at her so I wasn't the only one.
"Sorry I can't," Miss Chua finally responded with a groan, "I..." She then frowned as shining tears rolled out from her anguished eyes, crying publicly due to the irresistible desire to urinate.
"?, ????!" (Read as "ah! wo yao xiao bian!"; meaning "Ah, I need to pee!") Miss Chua spoke to herself in Chinese, almost soundlessly. It must have been so desperate for her that she had spoken it out in her mother language. How lucky, I was able to hear that since I was the closest to her.
Unable to recover her professionalism, she rampaged around the narrow lane between rows of passengers, with her painted fingernails clawing on her madly wiggling hips. The tapping sound was loud as a result of her jogging around in high heels, and her tears were dripping each time the edge of her heels hit the floor. I imagined her adorable pee dribbling rhythmically like that as well in her panties, yummy!
After a minute of hopeless dashing and knees wiggling, Miss Chua kneeled on the floor and moaned continuously like a baby girl. Not only me, but also everybody must be guessing if she had started to pee all over herself and the mopped airplane floor. However she then stood up covering her face, crying even more intensely, while still being dry on the bottom.
Just when I was worrying about how this pretty could overcome herself mentally after this shameful incident, she rushed towards the locked lavatory at the back of the plane and made a foolish attempt to open the door. Miss Chua was turning the doorknob frantically, bringing out metallic sound of friction. Eventually, she gave up on twisting the doorknob and spanked the door crazily with both her palms. It didn't seem like she was being angelic anymore, she was sobbing piteously while doing all these insane actions. Conclusively, her hell–like desperation had utterly eaten up her rationality.
I thought Mrs. Chin was going to say something like "this is the property of the company, stop destroying it!" or "you're not going to break the door open, just hold it or splash your pee out of the plane!" But she and Siti just stood there and watched, with their eyes widened in disbelief.
Miss Chua then stepped forward a little with her sweaty and teary appearance. As she began to approach my seat, I noticed several pee streams running down from her legs. She was still standing with her thighs clamped and the rest of her legs bending outwards, making an upside down "V" for her fresh urine to be sprinkled down. Her panties and pantyhose were then flooded, as she involuntarily squirted some of the feminine pee on the front of red skirt. Her ass was also dampened too due to the overflowing panties. I was sure of it; she had completely lost control of her struggling bladder!
Dear passengers were watching her from all angles, the girl who couldn't resist her unendurable urge to urinate. Miss Chua's embarrassing wetting continued, the spurting of the beautiful, crystal clear pee seemed to be coming non–stop. The little puddle was still spreading, growing frantically like her humiliation. Miss Chua whimpered and sobbed, but her exhausted pee hole was showering more and more cascades of pee. Her panties, pantyhose, high heels and fingers had gone all soaked by the incontrollable jets of piss. After that, Miss Chua squatted on her warm puddle and covered her face in humiliation. It was the first time, and perhaps the last time I had watched a real life accident, by an attractive, angelic and adorable girl like her. 
I wasn't really counting but I think she peed herself like more than a minute, and the puddle was fantastically huge, mixing with the soda puddle not far away. I really wondered how long it had been since she began to wait and how much liquid she had consumed this morning. Also I was impressed that a feminine and petite girl like her could manage to hold such massive amount of urine. The most delightful thing was that I got to step on the edge of her urine puddle with my shoes! I was playing with the pee with my left foot stealthily, covering the obvious bulge of my private part with both of my hands.
Miss Chua, the very dignified trainee who was trying to look all professional and decent at first, had peed herself in the FireFly for all of the passengers to see. All the passengers were fixing their eyes on her, some sympathetically, some inquisitively, some humorously and only one watching in horniness. How I wanted to unbuckle my seat belt, kneel beside her in her human–made pool, brush her tears away and console her by telling her that everything is okay.
"Poor girl," the sleepy head beside me said after gasping in dismay.
"Yea," I replied briefly, as though the wetting scene didn't amaze me as much.
"I hope that doesn't happen to me," she said as she placed her hands on her lower tummy.
"I'm sure that you can make it," I said positively, although I was certain that my hormones were saying, "I hope you pee yourself too!" evilly.
Siti the Malay Stewardess then assisted with cleaning the floor as I said goodbye to my lovely puddle. I was still all obsessed with the memorable moments of Miss Chua dashing around frenziedly, spinning the doorknob, smacking the shut toilet door and splashing pee all over herself. These scenes were flashing inside my mind continually.
8 minutes after the occurrence of the most magnificent accident I had witnessed my life– we finally reached Kuala Lumpur. I missed Miss Chua, I hoped I would get to see her in the journey of going back, but she would probably be taking a break to overcome her indignity and shamefulness. Also, I thanked my annoying relatives deep within my heart, for granting me such golden opportunity, worth a thousand times than watching random omorashi videos!
By: KarDweng
Email KarDweng at: swam.pertREMOVETHIS@hotmail.com