This is partly true, partly fantasy – it's up to you to decide which is which! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This begins as a regular night out with my boyfriend "Dave"– nothing special planned. He is a guitar player in a rock band, and we are going out to one of the clubs he plays in, to see his friend's band. He asks me to wear the new jeans he got me for Christmas – they are tight and show off my butt and legs well. For the record, I am about 5'7", and about 115 pounds, long brown hair. I have never really told him of my interests in desperation, but nevertheless we have had a great and active sex life.
We arrive at the club around 9 pm, and as usual, meet up with a lot of friends. I was drinking a new drink called "hard lemonade"– which tastes just like lemonade, but has alcohol in it. Since you can't taste the alcohol, they go down quite easily! As we watch the first set of the band, I finish off several bottles of this stuff. Towards the end of the first set, one of my girlfriends asked me to walk to the restroom with her, to avoid the lines which always start up after the band goes on break. I didn't really have to go at that point, but figured I'd go with her just so she wouldn't whine. When I got back to the table I found another drink ready for me.
We were all having a good time, and a couple more rounds were ordered as the band came back and started playing again. Dave said he'd be right back, and headed out to the car. He left me there with a couple of his cute friends, so I wasn't really concerned with where he was going! After Dave came back from the car, he got more drinks for everyone, and a couple of us girls went up to dance for a while. We got back to our seats just as the second set was ending. I was definitely feeling the effects of all the drinks on my bladder, but since I was having such a good time, I figured I'd wait a while. Besides, I had a good buzz, so I didn't really care!
About 1/2 hour later, I decided I better go wait in line for the bathroom, because the drinks were working their way through pretty well now, and the lines were kind of long. I shouldn't have peed when I went in the bathroom with my friend the first time– as we all know, when you are drinking, once you go that first time, it seems you have to go more often! So I'm standing in line outside the ladies' room, when Dave comes over to me carrying my leather jacket. He says "Let's go– we're going home". I look at him funny, and ask why– the band still has another set to go. He tells me not to worry about it, just put my coat on and let's go. I tell him to just hold on a few minutes, till I go inside and pee. He tells me "NO. We are leaving NOW." The tone of his voice both surprises me and kind of turns me on– usually I am the "boss" in the house– and he usually does whatever I want, just to avoid being bitched at! So I got my coat on, and headed to the car, still wondering what was wrong that made him want to leave so fast.
The cold air made me wince, I was really feeling the urge now! But I have a very strong bladder, and we were only about 45 minutes from home, so I wasn't concerned in the least. I got in the car, and Dave opened the rear passenger side door to the car. When I asked what he was doing, he told me to reach my hand back there for a second. I reached back without turning around, and held my hand out– I thought he wanted to hand me something. Instead, I felt something going around my wrist– and he told me to give him my other hand! Now I knew what he was up to! We have played with some light bondage before, and he knows how turned on I get when he surprises me and ties me up. But this was the first time he had done this anywhere other than the bedroom!
I figured I'd play along, as I was still in full control of my bladder, and liked these games! So I obediently put my other hand behind the seat, and he tied my wrists together, one arm around the back of each side of the car seat. Then he opened the driver's side door up, and pulled out another rope, with which he tied my ankles together, right over top of my high heeled, black leather boots. That was something I wasn't counting on, and I felt a spasm from my bladder when I realized I wouldn't be able to cross my legs at all like this! I said "You know I have to go pee– that's why I was waiting in line". He tells me "too bad, you have to wait". Now I was really turned on! I wondered how long he would keep this up– would he give in when I get really desperate, or play it out? He had never done this before, so I had no idea! My heart raced, and my pussy got wet with excitement. I didn't want let him know how bad I had to pee though– didn't want him to think he had me in trouble yet!
He slides into the driver's seat, and asks "How are you feeling?" "Fine", I say, ignoring the signals from my bladder. He just smirks, and starts driving. After about 20 minutes we get on the highway, and he reaches over and starts to run his hand along my thigh. I immediately begin to breathe harder, and realize how vulnerable I am to his teasing! Not being able to cross my legs or anything, I am also finding that it is a lot harder to ignore the fact that I have a very full bladder! And the drinks I had are continuing to fill it every minute, so the urges are getting stronger! I'm pretty drunk by now too, which isn't helping with the control any!!
As he traces his fingers lightly along my legs, and across the crotch of my jeans (just enough to drive me nuts!), I give in and tell him ok, I'm not fine– I REALLY need to pee (no more pretending at this point!). Again, his answer is "Too bad." I can't believe what I am hearing! I am now squirming as much as my restraints will allow, and getting more and more turned on by the combination of being desperate and helpless! I keep telling myself we are not too far from home, so I just have to make it there, and then he'll let me pee !
After about 15 more minutes, he slows down, and I quickly ask "Where are we going??" This was something I wasn't counting on! I didn't need any delays! He tells me we need to fill the gas tank. NOW??? He gets a big smile, and says "yep!". Ooooh, please hurry!! He gets out of the car and pumps the gas. It seems to take FOREVER! Then I have to sit there and watch him go inside to pay, wait in line– for what seems like HOURS!! (He even WAVED to me from inside the store!) And just sitting there, in full sight of the bathrooms, and not being able to hold myself, is making me REALLY squirm! When he gets back in, I again tell him I really need to pee, this is serious, and tell him to untie me and let me use the restroom here, and then I'll do as he wants all night.
To my surprise and agony, he says NO (he seems to be getting quite a charge out of his power trip! I was afraid of this!). I get a bit of an attitude, and tell him if he doesn't let me go soon, I'll end up peeing on the car seat! He says "no you won't!". I tell him if he had any idea how full I was, he wouldn't say that! He tells me that I better not, because if I do pee in his car, he will leave me tied there, sitting in my wet clothes in the garage, when we get home! (I am not into wet clothes at all!) I say "you can't do that!". He says "You are forgetting who's in charge now!" and flashes an evil grin! NOW I begin to panic! I have never in my adult life wet my pants, and am now scared that he may force me to! Thank goodness I have a very strong bladder– I clamp down with all my might and pray that the trip home goes quickly!
We start back onto the highway again, and I am really moaning now, about how badly I have to go! I beg him to untie me, but he just laughs. He tells me if I don't behave, he'll take the long way home. So I do my best to be still and quiet, but I am in pain by now– it is so hard to hold it in without crossing my legs or using my hand! We finally pull into the driveway and garage, and that makes my need even more urgent! He gets out of the car, and comes around to my side. I say "PLEASE hurry up! I can't wait much longer!"
He unties one wrist, and holds onto the other, with the rope still attached. My free hand immediately darts to my crotch, to hold my pee hole. He then turns me sideways on the seat, but doesn't untie my legs. He tells me to stand up, then takes my free hand and again pulls it behind me and ties it tight. "What are you doing?" I said, almost shrieking! "PLEASE untie me– I have to go NOW!". He tells me I'm getting pretty bossy for someone that has no choice in the matter.
I am almost in tears in frustration, but at the same time seriously turned on! The pain is almost unbearable, but I have never before been completely dominated like this! He unties my ankles, and tells me to start walking (not easy in high heels to begin with, let alone drunk and bursting!). Of course I immediately cross my legs and try to get control of my aching bladder first! He grabs hold of my arm, and says "Let's go!" I can barely walk, and am in agony as I climb the stairs.
He marches me upstairs, and stops at the entrance to the bathroom. I am doing a major pee–dance now, but since my hands are still tied behind my back, I can't do much else. I say "Come on, untie me!!! PLEASE!" But instead, he makes me stand there while he pulls out his cock and pees in the toilet, and I have to listen to the gush of his pee hitting the water. This is too much for me! My aching bladder can't stand it, and I drop down and sit on my heel to try to get control, as I feel a spurt into my underwear! He is done pissing, and pulls me up by the arm, and points me to the bedroom. I beg again, "PLEASE let me pee first!". "No way" he says! "I've never had you begging before, and I like it!" I keep begging, "Oooohhhhhh!! PLEASE!!! Don't make me piss myself!!"
But he took me to the bedroom, and pulled me close to him and kissed me. He was pushing his body against my bulging bladder, and it is all I could do not to let loose right then! It hurt sooooo bad! He then unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, which caused me to quickly cross my legs and bend over, clenching my bladder shut again. I was so close to wetting myself! I couldn't believe it– I had never been this desperate in my life!
He pulls down my jeans, then has me sit on the bed to take off my boots and slip my jeans off as well. I watch as he takes his clothes off, and I could see how turned on he was! I was shaking, almost crying, and trying to hold back what felt like gallons of pee, and I guess I was whimpering, because he finally turned me around and untied me, and took off my shirt as well. He then grabbed me by the wrist, and took me to the bathroom. I had my other hand clutching my crotch, hanging on desperately to avoid pissing all over the cream colored carpeting. As we got into the bathroom, he slammed down the toilet lid. Ooooh, I HAVE to go– what is he doing now? I felt another squirt escape, and pushed harder on my pee hole to stop it! I was dancing around like crazy now!
He pulled me into the shower, and turned me away from him. I gasped as his hard cock entered my dripping pussy from the rear, pushing on my bladder from the inside! As he reached around and rubbed my swollen belly, the sensation was incredible– extreme pain and pleasure at once– and within a few strokes, I was experiencing a massive orgasm! As my muscles clenched down, my bladder contracted as well, and with his continued strokes, I could no longer contain the flood! This time there was no stopping it! God, did that feel good, to finally let go! My hot piss began to gush out, all over Dave's cock and balls, which caused him to cum immediately. As he filled me with his hot load, pee continued to pour out of me – I thought it would never end! After what felt like gallons of pee, and a second fabulous orgasm, I was finally empty, and exhausted.
"That was incredible" was all Dave could say. I couldn't agree more!
Gottagobad