Title : Diuretic Test
	Category : F desp., M desp. Date : 24 Jun 1998
By: Stanley

As for usual, the names and a few details have been changed to protect the foolish.

Cathy, my first wife, and Yvonne both tended to the thinnish side at the time, but made entirely different impressions. Yvonne's about 7 cm taller, about my 175 cm. Walking down the beach in the skimpiest of bikinis, she comes off as light-hearted and low-key. She's only slightly less "curvy" than average. But somehow still comes off as a business woman on break. Until age 18 Cathy's lovely face, long hair, slightly large breasts and hips all came off as costume elements pasted on a skinny ten-year-old boy. Once her arms and legs filled out, walking across a college campus in a sweatshirt and loose jeans she captured every eye. In actual fact both shared a "can take it or leave it" attitude about sex.

David, Yvonne's husband, lived for his business, including most evenings and weekends. Yvonne didn't live for the business and often went shopping and driving with us. That allowed me to total up about 70 "pit stops" before Cathy's pregnancy. Almost every time we all took advantage of the facilities. Cathy called for about 40 of the stops. Yvonne gets credit for 20. I had to initiate ten of the stops.

After a late night, Cathy sometimes woke nearly wetting. Even on such occasions, the night jar showed she'd been holding less than 350 ml. Under rare, ideal conditions I'd managed between 750 and 800 ml.

Cathy's body chemistry responds poorly to pregnancy. She started frequent rush bathroom trips before she was even sure she missed a period. She lost weight and became dehydrated. Then, about the time the pregnancy started showing, she lost interest in pee stops and her limbs started to swell. On Monday the doctor diagnosed water retention and prescribed a diuretic. I had an assignment with a long commute and didn't notice the effect. (I somehow assumed it just put her water removal back on a normal schedule.)

On Saturday Cathy's cabin fever sent Yvonne, Cathy and me on our usual drive and shopping trip. Cathy asked for pee stops about every thirty to forty minutes--sometimes three or four minutes after passing a public potty. She insisted each was an emergency. After about seven emergencies, my temper snapped. "Come on! Anyone who hasn't been boozing can wait at least an hour if they try a little."

Apparently, the side-tracking, back-tracking and delays had even gotten to saintly Yvonne. She managed neutral tones for, "Really, Cathy, he's right." (Actually, we all could remember times when an extra coffee put us in the sub-hour class. But rushing Cathy to a potty every half hour isn't my turn on.)

Cathy countered with, "Try these stupid pills and see how long you two can wait!"

Yvonne came right back with, "OK. It's next Saturday at your place. Let's set the rules." (Somehow, Eve's enthusiasm for the situation escaped me until rather recently.) The rules turned out:

1) Eve arrived for breakfast. We each take Cathy's normal dose (one pill per meal) at breakfast and lunch.

2) We figured we'd be mostly rid of lunch liquids by 1:30 PM. So we each pee at 1:30 PM to start even.

3) The first one feeling a bladder call after that starts the hour.

4) We must each do our best to wait one hour.

5) Dripping does not count as an loosing control. (Cathy often drips during long waits. I still sometimes dripped from five-month old urethral infection scars. We overruled Eve.)

6) We're each allowed two squirts. (Since I'd gained experience with drinking party bathroom lines, Cathy had converted me to accepting a "warning" squirt or two as normal. Eve seemed to accept them, too.) Three squirts might soak through normal clothing, so two's the limit.

7) We limited ourselves to one layer of underwear below the waste so we could keep tabs on each other. (We were all into nudity among friends. But clothing might show wetting better than nudity.)

8) We would not try to conceal anything, salt up, etc. We would announce honestly when we needed to pee and if we wet.

Saturday came and by mid-morning I'd learned two things. The pills made us thirsty. Also, when I waited for some discomfort, I became noticeably more uncomfortable when I had to wait a minute or two for my turn in the bathroom. Approaching lunch I tried to ignore the thirst. Cathy had more experience with the pills and controlled her water intake much better than Eve or I did.

Lunch and the 1:30 PM pee passed. At Cathy's insistence we put towels and spare clothing at hand, "just in case."

At 2:05 PM I was trying to convince myself I was just feeling irritation from all the morning's peeing when Eve announced, "I can't believe it! I want to pee again." I had to confess my bladder was signaling, too. We stripped to our undies and sat in a triangle on the floor.

We didn't have plans for passing the time. After a long silence, Eve started a story about a friend who wet at Wright's Park in front of about fifty strangers. At 2:13 PM Cathy announced the need to pee had become unanimous. I told a story about a wetting coven at the Bible college dad had talked me into attending. We found we had a surprising number of stories.

By 2:25 PM Eve rocked, shifted her weight, and went through every position she could while sitting on the floor--even while telling juicy stories. I went through similar motions. This didn't look good. Still, my kidneys sometimes shift into high gear, then shift back before disaster strikes.

Cathy still looked calm. At 2:29 PM Cathy shifted to a knees-to-chin position. She gains almost 100 extra ml bladder capacity in that position. However, when she eventually stands from that position, she has only moments to reach a toilet.

Cathy still looked calm. She sometimes comments on how silly people are to exaggerate the need-to-pee discomfort. They're just embarrassed that they're about to wet and everybody will know they didn't find a bathroom when they should have. I think she's never felt very uncomfortable. Before she gets beyond mild discomfort, her weak sphincter gives out and she leaks. The current situation didn't call for embarrassment. Cathy seemed calm. Even so, she asked us to stop the wetting stories.

Soon, a small wet spot had appeared on Cathy's panties. I glanced down to find myself somewhat ahead of her. Neither Cathy nor I feel two or three drops escape per minute. Eve remained dry.

At 2:39 PM Eve sat on her heals and bounced. She looked as worried as I felt. She put her hand loosely in front of her tummy. It must hurt as much as mine. Cathy told Eve to keep her crotch in sight. She gingerly spread her knees and tilted her pelvis so we could see. But she kept her heal jammed into her light blue panty crotch. She held that position for perhaps thirty seconds. Then her jaw clenched, her finger nails pressed into her legs and a dark crescent appeared around her heal. By the rules we hadn't lost. But how could she limit herself to one more squirt in the remaining 24 minutes of the hour?

I felt very close to a squirt myself when I saw Cathy tense. Cathy darkened toward the earth colors of her bikini panties. Cathy's pregnancy still only showed to the eye that knew her well. She still looked like a million in those panties. Even so, I was struggling too hard for my own control to do much but store the wet panties image for later recall. When the clock struck the three-quarter hour Eve and I saw each others undies darken in unison.

That was Eve's second squirt. We'd lost. Eve jammed her towel between her legs and ran to the bathroom, Cathy on her heals. Neither thought about the door. Out of her best position and listening to Eve's stream Cathy gradually darkened her crotch. Rivulets ran down her crossed legs. Finally, a dark patch spread across the light green throw rug. Eve finished in perhaps 3/4 minute. (Who watches the clock?) In spite of the puddle she'd made, Cathy regained control and still needed about half a minute on the toilet. By that time I had wet to my knees.

Eve and I admitted losing as gracefully as we could. Cathy chose the Boathouse Grill for dinner and Eve and I paid. We'd only been at the table for moments when I realized the pills hadn't worn off. Eve and I opened our mouths in unison. She laughed, "Cathy, I think you'll have to excuse both of us right now if you don't want wet dining companions." As we got up she saw stares and added, "Some day we've got to get toilet trained."

The apology and diner mended some rough feelings between Cathy and me. We dealt more positively with the pregnancy.

