Dream Team (part 6)

Posted by Tinker, April 1995 

I was late. By the time I reached the small building at the side of the playing field, the team would already be halfway through their first practice session. Not that this was a problem: I never did participate in the physical exercises anyway, and they would probably cause me to strain all my muscles and break a bone or two. I was only there for the half-time break, as then there were always a few girls finding a new way to use their uniform. 

I turned the corner, and saw the team near the building, doing something frightfully energetic on the field. One thing I liked about them was that they trained in uniform: blue sweater, high white boots, and white skirts. They seemed to enjoy this outfit so much they wore it at every possible chance they got. I knew their reason, just as I knew their panties were uniformly blue. Pale blue. 

I found my favourite bench against the changing-room wall, but was disappointed to find that I wasn't the only spectator. I didn't recognise the girl there, watching the cheerleaders in a desultory fashion. I must have surprised her on my approach. I introduced myself as Diana's boyfriend. Her blank expression stayed still. She blinked. "The red one," I added. Diana must be the team captain, then, the only one dressed all in red. She understood, and stretched out her hand. "Hi. I'm Susan." We shook hands. "Ann took me here to see what they actually do during a practice session." I sat beside her. 

"Are you interested in joining the team, or anything like that?"

"No, not really," she smiled. "I'm from out of town anyway. But I've been a cheerleader years ago and when Ann, my friend, mentioned that she still did some cheerleading, I got curious about what she actually was doing." My eyes widened, telling her to continue. "We were in the same team years ago, at high school, and we got separated when Ann went to college here."

"I see. And? What happened after that?" Susan grinned. "Well, I can't remember ever having done this kind of exercises. We mainly practised cheers and paraded around in our uniforms. That was probably the best of the whole cheerleader thing anyway."

"What? Parading around? Anything else? Is that _it_?" I like her smile, I thought. "If you don't my asking."

"Yes! Don't tell me you don't like this type of outfit! Well, rest assured, we all did. Walking in such a tiny skirt and revealing your panties every few minutes to a cheering crowd is just wonderful, especially when you know it's absolutely allowed. Required, if anything. Hah! I should have tried that with normal clothes during school! The principal would have thrown me off the premises himself." 

She was teasing me, of course, and it was alright with me. Susan was not a shy girl. Ann picked her friends well. I looked at her a little more frankly. She was loosely dressed, in a short-sleeved pink T-shirt, and a short pink and grey skirt. Long white stay-up socks and sneakers completed her outfit. "I see you don't care much about what the principal thinks any more," I remarked. Susan laughed. "No, not really. I thought, well, if I am going to visit Ann and company, I'd better look the part. And the weather is so nice, don't you think?" She stretched her long legs and turned a little bit, facing the sun. 

I was beginning to like Susan, and was glad she was here after all, even if her presence might spoil the others' play-time. Something stirred in my loins: I liked her clothes as well. We sat quietly for some moments. 

"Do you awfully mind if I enjoy the sun some more? I want to tan a bit." I shrugged and told her I didn't mind at all. "Not even this way?" She put her hands flatly on her knees and started to slide her hands up her thighs. When they found the seam of her skirt, Susan simply pushed her skirt up and revealed more thigh. (Not one bit, I thought.) And more. I supposed she would stop just before her panties would show, but no! With a swift movement she hiked up her skirt all the way to her waist and let me revel in the sight of her pale pink underwear, tightly around her thighs, looking beautifully innocent between her legs. 

"I would imagine you've seen enough panties over here to allow me this?" Her tone indicated she wouldn't take no for an answer, or any answer come to that. She leaned her head back against the wall, closed her eyes, and opened her knees a bit. I swallowed. Seeing a cheerleader expose her panties during a cheer was one thing, but this was a normal girl in her normal clothes showing herself off more boldly than I had ever seen any cheerleader do. I couldn't keep my eyes off her lovely pink panties for quite a while. So innocent, so playful. And completely stainless. 

She was still sitting like that, with her skirt hiked up and her panties exposed, when she heard the girls come off the field, chattering like starlings in spring. She made a half-hearted attempt to flip her skirt back down. A passer-by would have seen her right away. These things don't matter in all-girl company. 

Jane, Janice, and Alice went indoors to find the drinking fountain. Diana winked at me, raised an eyebrow at Susan, and stepped into her office to take care of some tedious paperwork. The rest of the girls sat down on the ground close by us. Ann and Maureen came to see Susan. "I see you two have already met," Ann said. She turned to Maureen. "Susan is an old friend of mine. We did a lot together. She's been a cheerleader for a while. But she needs a good teacher to show her how it really works."

Maureen frowned. "How what works?" she asked carefully. "You mean...?" Ann nodded. "Yes, that. She's still a bit shy about it all. We should show her a few things this afternoon." Susan started to shift around on her seat. Maureen and I exchanged glances. Ann was pushing Susan in at the deep end. "You know what I caught her doing it only last week in her shower?" Susan now blushed and hissed: "Ann, shut up. You're being a little bitch." Without blinking, Ann continued: "She had put on her old cheerleader uniform and was still experimenting with her pose. She had only spurted once in her panties when I came in and caught her."

"Ann! Stop it! Please!"

"But, as we all know, even just one spurt is one too many. She had wet her panties on purpose, and it showed." 

Ann now looked directly at Susan, who was busy pulling her little skirt down to have something to concentrate on. "And Susan, when you stood there in your wet uniform with your legs apart, it called for more, didn't it?" Susan swallowed and said nothing. "Yes it did! Admit it." 

With a very small voice, Susan admitted: "Alright. Yes it did." Maureen, Cindy, and Melissa, who had been following all this with increasing interest, cheered loudly. Susan shrank visibly, and Ann decided to ease up. Enough is enough for a raw beginner. 

She sat beside her friend, opposite me, and put her arm round her shoulder. "Hey Sue, relax. We all know exactly how much fun it is. Yes, him too. I *told* you what we do here, didn't I?" Susan nodded. "I know, I know. But it's still so strange to me. I mean, you all just walk around here like everything is okay, and although you told me, I've not seen any proof of what you say. It is just kind of hard to believe just yet." The girls looked at each other. "Is everybody still dry?"

"Jesus, something must be wrong here."

"No, I didn't do it yet. I was planning to leave it 'til after the second session."

"I just wanted to go when Ann started talking."

"I already did it this morning and I didn't want to spoil myself." Maureen went inside check on the rest of the girls. Surprisingly, nobody had wet herself yet. Even Diana now came outside to assess the cause of this remarkable coincidence. But it turned out to be just plain bad luck for Susan. Of course, now they *had* a reason to play a bit, some girls started to make elaborate plans for a demonstration. It was Diana who called a halt to this and made a proposal. "Listen up, girls. You'll have ample opportunity to do it during the rest of the practice. But let's all please remember two things. First, Susan is not so experienced as you are so keep it simple. Second, our showers are out of order again so we'll again have to use the boys' showers at the other side of the building. Yes, it has all been taken care of that we won't be interrupted. We'll stand guard outside." Diana included me, it was understood. 

The girls grumbled slightly at this, as this meant carrying all their stuff all around the building. A smart architect had not provided for any direct links between the "girls" and the "boys" part of the building--which was a good thing, normally. It also meant that they should be a bit more careful with their play, since they had to pass a public area before entering the boys' locker rooms. Susan seemed interested: she suddenly looked up when the word "boys' showers" fell. Pity for her: I would stand guard, both ways. 

"So now back to Susan. You have done it once, haven't you?" She nodded, still somewhat shyly. "Well, then you know that there's nothing to it really. Yes, you have to take care of certain things, mainly clothing, but you can do that all in advance. Then, when you feel like doing it, you can just start right away." I noticed a small trill in her voice that went by unnoticed by the other girls, but set me on fire immediately. Knowing Diana by heart has its advantages. She continued: "Of course, a lot of the thrill of the whole thing comes from the fact that only you know what you're up to. Nobody'll notice. When you prepare yourself to start, you'll feel a lot of excitement." The trill now was clearly noticeable, for me, that is. "And then when you start, it just... well, you know." Diana pressed her hands together in front of her and entwined her fingers. "You just... it just happens to you." 

She now stopped talking and Susan wanted to ask a question. But Diana's eyes drifted down to her own little skirt, and my favourite smile appeared on her face. Susan swallowed her question when she felt that something was happening to Diana. She put her hand against her mouth and looked at Diana's red skirt in disbelief. But she had to believe her own eyes. A small trickle went down Diana's right inner thigh, quickly followed by some drops taking a shortcut. Her lovely legs soon showed all signs of a sudden river coming down, and while Susan started to blush, Diana delightfully wet her uniform panties.

A bit against her normal practices, she did not care at all about her legs, and just continued to push it all out into her underwear. I could see she was feeling very joyful indeed: her eyes took on that glazed look I had come to know and love. As she stood there, in her flashy uniform, she was the most perfect creature I could imagine. Susan couldn't imagine anything. She kept looking at Diana's skirt and up and down her legs. And at Diana's eyes. For a moment I thought she would reach out to lift Diana's skirt and look if it indeed was what she thought it had to be. But no. She stuck to watching only. 

Finally, the stream died out, and Diana took half a minute to let the wonderful feeling of accomplishment reach its peak. Then her eyes lit up again, she shuddered a moment and clapped her hands. "Alright girls. On to the second half of the practice!" There was some murmuring because she had kept it all to herself, but then the girls followed her to the field. Susan stayed behind with me. She didn't say a word, still rather embarrassed by Diana's unexpected demonstration. While looking at the puddle on the path that Diana had left behind, she sighed. And sighed again. She looked over towards the field, spotting Diana in her little skirt, hopping and bending and stooping like nothing had happened.

Susan looked at me. "Does she always do things like this?" I smiled. "No, not always. But Diana is a one-of-a-kind sort of a girl. A one-off, you might say. There are bolder girls in the team, especially Jane can pull stunts that often amaze the others. Alice, Maureen, and Cindy seem to prefer sneaky playing, while Ann, Janice, and Melissa usually just do it with their legs apart or in another clearly recognisable way. Diana is different. You'll never know what she is up to until it she just goes ahead and does it. Believe me, I know." 

Susan nodded. "Amazing. Especially that they all do it. I've seen Ann do it, yes. We were walking in a park in town when she suddenly needed to pee, and she just walked up to a signboard, parted her legs, and weed right into her panties. Fortunately she wore a skirt." I clicked my tongue: "Oh no, she wouldn't have dared to do it without a skirt. No way. Only Jane dares to wet her jeans, and even then only when she can get away with it." 

"Tell me, how did you get the idea of trying it yourself?" I asked Susan, after a short silence. She sighed. "I don't know. It just struck me as a nice game I could play with myself. I put on some old clothes and tried a few poses. Ann just came in after I had made my panties only a bit wet. She practically forced me to finish it."

"And, you liked it?"

"Errrmmm... yes, I think so. But it was a rather artificial situation, and I don't know what aroused me most: my wet underwear, wearing my old uniform, peeing standing up, Ann looking at me, or being caught doing something naughty. I think especially the last things were important. It felt nice to wet myself, but getting caught doing it in my uniform was the most exciting thing about it, I think." 

I looked at the team on the field. "Watch the girl on the left side. With the blond hair. That's Janice. You see what she's doing?"

"Mmmm... looks like she is pulling her panties tightly up. Yes, and now she's dropping her skirt down again. Yes?"

"Keep on looking. I know these rituals. She is about to start, probably right after the next exercise. Pity I cannot see her panties going dark from here. It is really a sexy sight." 

Susan answered: "I wore my black uniform panties when I did it. I couldn't see anything. I thought it was easier for me to do it that way."

"Yes it is, but a visible stain is much nicer, even if you have to take more care. Look, they have finished. She'll do it now... right! Just look."

"How do you know that for sure? She just stands easy a bit, then puts her arms down by her sides at rest. She just parts her legs... oh wow.... Ann made me stand this way when I... is this a standard pose or what?" 

I said nothing. Janice stood still now, waiting for it to happen. It still aroused me to see a girl standing like this, preparing herself. Any moment now. She took a deep breath and looked down to her skirt, like always when she did it in her panties. Yes, she had started now. Susan gasped when we saw Janice's stream fall down between her spread legs, clearly visible in the sunshine. Janice swept her hair backward with a movement of her head and said something to her neighbour, Alice. Alice just looked at her, then to Diana to see what they would do next, and then back to Janice. Alright, she would join her. Alice simply spread her boots and stooped down with her hands on her knees. A little blue line appeared up her skirt. In no time at all she had wet her whole crotch and it showed as clearly as with Janice what she was doing. 

Susan was watching this as if hypnotised. I also saw that she had pushed her right hand into her crotch and was slowly moving it about, and I smiled. Susan really liked watching people doing naughty things, and probably enjoyed doing such things herself as well. When Alice finished and joined the exercises again, showing a dark bottom in her panties now and then, Susan looked at me and just said: "I want to do it. God, I want to do it just like them. You just walk up to a place, put your shoes out of the way, and do it right there, with somebody looking at.. at me." I blinked at her. 

Decisively, Susan stood up, and started down the path. I followed her. Would she? In her street clothes? She rounded the corner of the building, and made towards the rough area where visitors can park their bicycles. Although there was no one around, this certainly was not a sheltered spot, so I felt a bit uncertain if she should do it. But Susan was determined. In her little pink and grey skirt, she walked up to the centre of the area, turned around, and smiled at me. I sat down on one of the racks and swallowed. Susan looked around and waited. For what? She started to walk a bit up and down the rows of bike racks, which gave me a nasty feeling. 

This feeling was confirmed when a couple of boys rode up and dismounted. Susan looked at them. There were three racks in between her and the boys, all full of bikes, but the boys could still see everything she did. They looked her over briefly, and parked their bikes. 

Susan now carefully spread her legs a tiny bit, still looking at the boys. Hell, she was going to wet herself right in front of them! She even put her hands on her hips, as if she wanted to be sure to attract attention! I bit my lip, afraid what would happen if some of the boys looked at her again, which was more than likely, given her appearance. I wondered if I'ld be able to defend her, if it came down to it. Susan now stood completely still and I saw her breathing. She was waiting. 

If a pretty girl in a short skirt stands with her bare legs spread out and her hands on her hips, she causes some kind of mesmeric field that inevitably attracts the gaze of any boy within visible range. After three seconds that seemed an eternity, one of the boys looked up and saw her posing. He promptly froze and kept looking. Susan smiled at him and pushed lightly. It took her two seconds. Then I could see her pulling in her belly in a reflex when she actually pissed in her pink panties. And not a bit. I could see some drops falling down between her shoes and hoped that the boys wouldn't notice it. I pretended not to know Susan at all, and, just in case, retied my shoe-laces. Nobody looked at me, thank God. They were all looking at Susan by now. 

She just stood there, in her challenging pose, and let her fluid trickle slowly but steadily into her underwear. *I* could see that she was wetting herself under her skirt, but could the boys? One of them cheered to her: "Hey honey, feeling alone? Need some company?" Susan smiled and shook her head: "No, thanks. I'm just waiting for my boyfriend to pick me up on his motorcycle." The boys sighed and locked their bikes. Susan now really went full speed, I saw. A clear stream dropped down from under her skirt and blushingly she looked down once in a while. But the boys did not look any more. They hauled their gear towards the other entrance of the building. 

Only one of them looked back over his shoulder and saw Susan looking down at her little skirt. He stopped. To my horror, Susan could not resist the urge to hike up her skirt and examine her wet panties right then. It was absolutely impossible to misinterpret what she had done. The boy loudly dropped his gear. Susan looked up again and waved at him, still holding up her skirt and dripping between her legs. He hesitated a moment, and then quickly went in, probably to call his friends back out. 

Now Susan quickly pulled her legs together, and dashed back towards the cheerleaders' training field. I followed her, looking back to see if the boys came out again. They didn't, yet. When we had rounded the corner and were relatively safe again, Susan almost yelled: "Yes! I did it! I just walked up there and started! Now how's that for a newbie?" I was speechless. 

Susan just walked on and hiked up her skirt, not afraid of showing anything. Her pink panties showed a dark stain in the crotch, not as large as I had expected however. "I did not do everything I could have. It would have made too much noise, and now I can try it again soon," she explained. We had arrived at the bench again, and with her skirt flipped up behind her, Susan sat down. She immediately hiked up her skirt in the front as well and took up her sunbathing pose again. But this time, her panties looked distinctly different. I was still speechless. Not that I needed to say anything. 

After half an hour, the other girls came back to take their stuff and shower. This time Susan discretely pulled her skirt down. All of us walked round to the back of the building. Jane and Melissa whispered something, giggling. Crossing the bike area again, Susan just had to walk straightly to the spot she had been standing on earlier. The puddle had vanished, but there still was a dark area on the ground. She winked at me and followed the cheerleaders. 

The whole group gathered at the entrance of the boys' part of the building, and Diana and I went in to see if the coast was clear. There were several sections and Diana had reserved one of them. Of course a few boys saw us coming in, and while they happily ignored me, Diana got quite a lot of comments, most of them positive, in a sort of way. Politely declining an offer to use other locker rooms, she unlocked the reserved section. Everything would be alright. 

While Diana stayed in, I went outside again to call the rest of the girls. They were hanging around by the main gate, and I immediately saw that a lot of boys had gathered in that area as well. No wonder. But between the forest of nice bare legs that they created in front of the entrance, I could see Jane and Melissa. They had both squatted down and were apparently playing a game in the sand next to the sidewalk. But I suspected something else. Pushing my way through the other girls, I reached them and squatted as well. "Hi girls. How's it going?" They both mumbled. "Not very well. We don't dare to start. They are too close by. Pity, it is our last chance today." 

I looked at their panties, just visible between their thighs. "Listen you both. Nobody expects this, so if you are very, very quick, you can just do it right here. I just walked up to the group and you were visible, but nothing else. You can piss your beautiful pale blue panties to nowhere- land, sprint to the showers, and get yourself off there with three strokes of your fingers." Someone's jaw dropped. "And I don't believe I just said that." I had surprised myself with this bold but obvious idea. Susan must have had some strange influence on me. 

Melissa and Jane needed no more encouragement. Left and right of me I heard a gasp and a hiss, and saw two pale blue crotches quickly turn dark together. Jane pushed so hard that I could actually see her pee jet through the thin fabric of her panties, and Melissa caused a true waterfall between her thighs. Both girls looked to their own crotches and tried to get themselves as far up into the stratosphere as they could. "Oh, God, it's me, me, take me up!" Jane hissed through her teeth. She might have looked innocent from a distance, but I could clearly see that Jane certainly was not doing innocent things up her skirt. Her panties ballooned a bit. 

I stood up, helping both girls to their feet. We made for the building as a group, their skirts pulled down, taking little steps. Nobody noticed anything special about Melissa and Jane, who kept with the rest as far as the entrance, then bolted for the showers. I looked at the little trails of droplets they left on the tiled floor. 

As Diana and I stood guard at the door, I noticed that Susan had disappeared. Oh, well, she could take care of herself. There was a lot of noise coming from the showers now. Not the noise of running water, surprisingly. Only giggles and screams. Maureen came out, still in uniform, but with her boots in her hands. Her skirt showed a large wet stain on the back, clinging to her ass, and she left wet footprints behind. Suddenly I heard the showers start full blast, directly followed with a concert of screams and some girls running out of the shower room, their blue sweaters covered with dark streaks.

But they all turned back, after having kicked off their boots. With all the girls showering, or something like that, and Diana firmly in charge of the door, I announced that I needed a pee myself now and would go to the toilets for a moment. No problem. So I took the other corridor to look for the toilets in that section. It was deserted, of course. Nobody was here except the girls and me, and they would not come over to the toilets. I turned a corner and entered the boys' toilet, unzipping my fly the moment I entered the room. There were perhaps ten urinals. Then, I stopped dead in my tracks. 

Somebody was standing in front of the middle urinal. He had his legs quite a lot apart, and stood unusually close to the urinal. Also, he wore a little pink skirt. He? With a shock I recognised Susan. She was using the urinal like a boy, straddling it, and seemed quite busy. I quietly walked up to her and started to use the urinal to the right of her like nothing was happening. It took a moment before she noticed me, and the effect was marvellous. She jumped about six feet in the air, screamed loudly, and forgot to stop weeing. With the front of her skirt still hiked up, she showed her pink panties again.

There was a new wet spot between her legs, a bit more to the front this time, clearly visible within the large darkish stain that was the result of her previous action in the bike area. She now recognised me and cursed. "Dammit! You scared the hell out of me. Now I've pissed my pants." She was silent for a moment. I just smiled. "Hell, you know I was pissing my panties again, no case in denying it. Well, let's go on then." She straddled the urinal again, and then noticed that I was peeing as well. 

"Hey, that's new for me. How far can you step back?" I blinked. I hadn't the faintest idea. So I stepped back one step, two steps. By arcing itself upwards, the stream found its range without any calculations. Three steps and it fell short. There was an unexpected pressure drop, and I splashed the floor. Fastidiously, I stepped forward. Susan looked impressed nonetheless. 

"It must be awfully practical to direct it all over the place like that. I can only do this." She pushed and a wave of wee washed through her underwear into the urinal, leaving a nice new stain in her panties. Susan moaned. "Please, could you hold up my skirt? I need my hands." I was willing to oblige. I put my cock inside my pants again and closed the fly. Then I reached around Susan and took over the hem of her little skirt. Quickly she put both her hands in her crotch and while another warm wave hit her panties, she started to rub the fabric between her legs. All the emotions and tension of the day came out, and with a little effort and a lot of moaning, Susan brought herself to a very wet orgasm. She slumped onto the urinal wall and needed half a minute to recover. 

There was a sign at eye level. It read: "Now Wash Your Hands," with a picture of two rubbing hands. One male, the other female, to judge by the nail-length and wrist-width. In a lifetime of using public mens-rooms, I'd never noticed that before. 

Susan straightened, coming to again. She stared at her crotch and stepped back. "Thanks," she said, "I needed that badly." After a last look at her panties, now really wet again, she primly dropped her skirt and walked over to a basin. One hand rubbed her other. She looked at something in the mirror. Just the normal Susan, of course. But when she left, the floor in front of the basin was just a bit too wet to be explained by washing her hands. 

Diana raised an eyebrow when she saw us both returning from the toilets. "I thought this was a *boys* locker room?" she remarked. I smiled. "Yes, Susan got lost a bit. But she recovered."

"I bet she did. She looks just like someone who has done something naughty not too long ago." Susan sulked and toyed with her skirt. "Can you see it? I hoped it would not show."

"Rest assured, Susan, I can only see it because I know it. Nobody else will. Did you manage to initiate yourself properly?" Susan took a breath and hiked up her skirt. Diana was impressed: "Two times even! Nice work, Susan. I hope you'll make good use of this discovery." She now looked at me. "And you? Enjoyed yourself?"

"Rather. Susan was a good student."

"I bet she was. Do you have anything left for me?" I smiled and gave her a kiss. "Any time, Diana. Any time." I slid my hand up under her skirt from behind and caressed her wet bum. 

"Good. Bring me my skirt. I won't need a shower yet." Surprised, I went to her bag and pulled out her long, wide, black skirt. She put it on right over her cheerleader uniform, turning it into a very nice evening outfit. I liked Diana to wear skirts or dresses like this. Her super mini cheerleader skirt was stunning, but this skirt was mysterious like nothing else. I knew she had bare legs under it, I knew she wore red, wet panties, but nobody could see anything. 

Saying our goodbyes, we all left together. Susan went with Ann and the rest dispersed about the campus. Diana and I stayed behind. As if driven by some unknown force, we ended up in the middle of the bike area. Diana embraced me and gave me a kiss. I clasped my hands around her waist, and for a few moments we just enjoyed each other's presence. Then Diana whispered: "I just wanna do it now. Here. With you." 

"Go ahead dear. Nobody will know. Except for us both." I felt her hands pushing against mine, and I let her win. I brushed her long hair out of her face and then she let her head rest on my left shoulder. My hands found a comforting place on her lower waist, just below her own hands. Her voice was soft now. "One day I'll die of this. It is so wonderful..."

"Just enjoy it, darling. Let it come. I'll hold you." She hummed a bit and I felt her taking a different pose. I looked down over her back and saw her long skirt widening at the bottom, with two red boot's heels just visible. I pulled her tightly against me. With Diana's way of weeing, I never knew for sure when she began, but when she started to lean heavily against me I needed no more confirmation. I almost *felt* her panties warm up again. Only a slight dripping sound revealed what she was doing to herself. A few people passed but carefully avoided disturbing this beautiful couple. Even after her flood had died out, Diana did not move. 

With her bare legs still apart under her long skirt, she just gave herself to me. I could wrap her up and take her everywhere. 

I decided to take her to her apartment. 

