Party Distress
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

We had a party at our flat with some friends and colleagues from work. I was sitting on the table in the living room and chatting with some of our guest while my boyfriend did some DJ activities. The people had fun and we had much to drink and eat.

I felt an urgent need to pee for nearly one hour now and knew it was time to go to the bathroom. I waited until the conversation was at a good point to leave and stood up. My bladder was so full that I was hardly able to straighten up. I tapped to the toilet and tried the door. It was locked. Of course that was no wonder because the bathroom was used frequently the whole time but I was a bit shocked because I wasn't able to hold it much longer.

I didn't like to do a pee dance in front of my own bathroom door and standing still wasn't possible anymore, so I went in the kitchen nearby and put some dishes into the dishwasher. Bending down was horrible and so I stopped this and put some things from left to right and back to give myself a ability to keep moving. To my bad luck a couple of our guest wanted to go home and it was on me to say goodbye to them and like you may know this always takes longer than only saying bye bye.

So I stood at the door desperately trying not to squirm around with my bladder trembling inside. They didn't stop talking and I was trapped there for maybe five minutes, while this time I could see a guy left the bathroom and this amplified my need to pee because the free bathroom was only five steps behind me.

With one hand I leaned on the door to find a more comfortable stand with my legs crossed tight. They left after what seemed like an eternity and in spite of being relieved now the next three persons told me they have to leave now. So I was caught short again and found myself now more nervous like before. I noticed that I now really spoke a bit pressed and wasn't able to get more relaxed. I had to bend my knees a bit and fumbled with the seam of my dress. I was absolutely on the limit. I crossed my legs the other way and nearly lost it.

Luckily these three were much quicker and I could close the door. For a short moment I pressed one hand between my legs. I turned carefully and saw a woman who worked in the company of my boyfriend opening the bathroom door. I couldn't wait any longer so made the four steps quick slightly bend over and begged her to let me in otherwise I would be in danger to wet myself. She grinned and looked at me, my left knee turned over my right thigh, and let me go first. Not a second too early as I found out. I had to hold myself inside the bathroom to keep from losing it.

I don't want to think about how humiliating it was standing outside the bathroom pressing both hands between my legs.

As I sat on the bowl, I thought about the coincidence that this woman wanted to go at exactly the same time as me. Maybe she watched me the whole time I was standing at the door, and tried to make me wait. The smile on her face as I begged her to let me go supported this idea.

I think there are more people interested in desperation than we imagine I think.

