Maths Lesson
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

Like I told you before I earned money during my university time with teaching private pupils. To do so, I drove to theirs houses because I hadn't the space to do it in my apartment. Mostly I did three lessons at one or two days in the week.

One day I also had three pupils to visit and because of talking very much I always drank a lot. I didn't like to use the toilets there so if I was in the need to pee I tried to go between the appointments on my way to them. There are alwas gas stations or shops with toilets on the way. But this special day I felt the need during the second lesson but was running late because the girl had many questions. So I started my way ten minutes to late and had to hurry to get to the next pupil in time.

My need was not very intensive, so I didn't stop anywhere and thought to break the rule not to use the bathrooms of my clients if it became necessary.

I arrived at the house of Maria's (that was her name) parents and we went up at the first floor and started as normal. After maybe thirty minutes and a bottle of water later my need became present again. My bladder felt full and I glanced at the watch. Another thirty minutes to go. I started to shift my legs and tried different sitting positions. After about ten minutes I was so uncomfortable and could barely concentrate on the maths anymore so I stopped and asked: "Maria, can we make a short break and you show me the toilet? I have to go."

"The bathroom is the second door out on the floor but I think I have heard someone went in a moment ago. But you have to try, maybe I'm wrong." I stood up and tried to look relaxed but while stretching up the pressure became really powerful. I had problems to stand straight but managed with much willpower. I walked out on the floor and tried the door. It was locked and a man inside, probably her dad said: "I'm in!" So I went back to the table and sat down again.

Maria said: "Bad luck, but my dad doesn't take long in the bathroom ...because he doesn't use make up." She tried to make a joke," He only need much time if he's in the tube."

I hoped he wasn't.

We continued and I had to concentrate hard to follow her actions because my need to pee became very serious. I also glaced at the corridor frequently to see it at once if he was going out of the bathroom.

After another five minutes of constant wiggling my legs and trying hard to focus on the actions on the table I breaked again:"

Mh, maybe you could ask him how long it will take because I'm getting a little bit uncomfortable?"

Uncomfortable was far away from the real feelings inside me, but I tried to sound composed.

She stood up and asked him, as she came back she said:"I'm sorry but he unfortunately is in the tube. Should I ask him to go out?"

"Yes" I thought, but "No it's okay. Is there no other bathroom in the house I could use?" I asked. Maria shook her head.

Fifteen minutes left and I had trouble to believe I could make it. We worked on and I had to put one hand between my legs from time to time to keep my muscles shut and tried not to make it visible for Maria but I wasn't sure if she hadn't noticed.

My condition became more worse each minute. I was now pressing my thighs together as hard as possible and tried not to move. But my ability to hold it faded away more and more. I tried to sit only with one buttock on the chair to built up more pressure between my legs and after a while I slipped more sidewards to press the edge of the chair between between my legs. Maria now clearly noticed that I was dying for a wee. I also didn't make a secret about it because first hand she knew it because I had asked for the toilet and second hand I simply couldn't hide it.

We finished the last example and I really couldn't follow the context completely anymore and hoped Maria wouldn't have made any mistake. But the result was clearly wrong. So I had to work through it to find the mistake. During this I tried hard to prevent any wiggling and squirming as best as possible because Maria watched me the whole time because she had nothing to do.

So I pressed my legs together but after a few seconds I started squirming a bit. I read the lines and had real problems to concentrate. After a few more seconds I had to press my left hand between my legs because I felt I would have lost it if I didn't.

Maria said: "You really need to pee don't you?"

I mumbled: "Yes, I told you before. But don't interrupt me, I had to focus on your arithmetics." Than I found the problem, she didn't see one algebraic sign, so now the following lines were all wrong. I bent forward pressing between my legs to fight the massive urge another time. I knew I couldn't wait until she had corrected it by herself so I said: "Well look here's your fault, please correct the following lines until next week."

Maria:"Can't you help me, I'm not sure I know it correctly."

"It's only one sign," I said distressed without feeling the option to stay there a minute longer,"I'm sure you will be able!" Then I stood up carefully and put the left hand deep in my pocket and tried to straighten up. Maria stared at me but when she noticed that I saw it she looked away. I was surprised a bit how much more I had to pee now when standing. I really was about to pee my pants now and started to panic.

I adjusted my trousers not to press onto my bladder but it didn't help much. I walked out with stiff legs and prepared myself mentally to climb down the stairs. I somehow managed it but now I had another problem. I always got the money cash, and so downstairs Maria's mother waited on me and wanted to give me the money and also wanted to hear how Maria was doing. So I made a big effort to hide my predicament and also to keep conversation short. I stood there absolute desperate to pee with my legs hard crossed and both hands in the back pockets to make it not obvious that I was trying to support my bladder muscles some way. She gave me the money and I had to put out my hands to take it and put it into my purse. Then she asked me:" Do you see any progress in her work?"

I became frantic because I knew I couldn't hold it much longer and somehow I would have to drive to the next toilet which would become very sententious:"Yes, there is some progress but she has to work a bit more concentrated." while I said this I grabbed my waistband with both hands and pulled it away from my bladder with the last dignity not to show my desperation. But my need was beyond being able to be controlled. My bladder spasmed and I had to bend at my waist.

Then I felt a spurt escape and pressed my right hand between my legs without caring who saw it. I had started peeing myself.

Her mother of course noticed: "Are you okay, do you need the bathroom?"

I blushed and said trying to put my hand away but was tapping from foot to foot: "Yes, I need to pee, but your husband is blocking the .."again I had to press between my legs to prevent me from letting another spurt escape"..is blocking the bathroom!" I squirmed around in pure agony and was also very embarrassed but simply couldn't do something against it

She said:"Why didn't you use the one downstairs, I show you, follow me it looks like you need to go pretty urgent!"

'This little bitch' I thought, 'there is a second toilet and she didn't tell it!'

I followed her now constantly holding myself without saying a word as she led me to a bathroom. I get in locked the door with my free hand and then first of all pressed with both hands between my legs to keep more control. I hobbled to the toilet and fumbled my pants down and lost another spurt of pee sat down and started to pee immediately. It was great relief. I looked at my pants and thank god the patch was small and only visible at my underwear. I tried to dry it a bit with toilet paper and than put it back on and went out the bathroom.

It was awkward to look into the eyes of Maria's mother but she asked me to step into the kitchen. I couldn't see Maria anywhere.

"Didn't you ask Maria to use the toilet?" she asked. "I did, but she told me the one upstairs is the only one."

"Maria said to me you didn't ask." her mother said more as a question.

"Of course I did. You can imagine that was happening the last minutes was very embarrassing for me. I have asked her."

"I'm sorry, but I don't think this will happen again. So here you have the double money for your lesson. Maria retarded you on purpose,

I don't know why but she will get some consequences for this."

We said goodby and I drove home. After half the way, maybe six or seven minutes I felt again a massive urge and because my muscles were tired from before I had to stop at a gas station to pee.

I thought about Maria and on the one hand I was angry because it was humiliating but I wouldn't have done it else wise if I had been in her place.

