Bartender Training
 Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, Masturbation, and Foreplay.
By:  Full Bladder

Kiran stepped out of Jamie’s truck and nervously scanned the area. They had followed Misty’s directions to an out-of-business bar located in the outskirts of town. The two girls glanced at each other and approached the building. Jamie cautiously tried the door and it creaked open. Kiran felt her stomach sink in fear of what might be waiting for them inside the boarded up joint; there was no getting out of the bet with Misty now. The girls entered the dimly lit restaurant to discover Misty waiting for them. She was dressed in a tight red bustier which showed off her perfect curves, black panties, and a garter belt supporting sexy fishnet stockings.

"What do you think?" she asked Kiran and Jamie, gesturing to her surroundings. The teens responded with puzzled looks. "I’m opening my own bar!" she exclaimed. Kiran and Jamie immediately came unglued, very relieved to discover Misty’s reason for directing them here. They happily congratulated their friend, quite grateful at how things had played out. However, Misty wasn’t done yet.

"I’m going to need some bartenders and I’d like for you two to work for me." Kiran glanced over at Jamie, who smiled and nodded at her. They had been talking about finding a job together to save up some money for college next year. Accepting this job offer was the least they could do since they owed Misty already.

Misty didn’t bother waiting for a response and continued. "Of course, you will need training, so I’ll be hosting lessons here every Friday afternoon for six weeks. By then, you will be ready to bartend and this joint will be all set up. Today will be your first lesson. Are we good to go?" Both girls nodded, and Misty picked out a bottle of Crown Royal out from the bar behind her. She opened the fridge, pulled out a bottle of soda and proceeded to prepare drinks for the three of them.

Jamie couldn’t help asking, "Why are we drinking before we start training?" Misty explained, "You will be bought drinks by men when you start working here and you are expected to drink them. This training will prepare you for working while under the influence of alcohol." She smiled mischievously to herself as she handed out the full glasses, knowing there was more to the tale than that. She had added a strong diuretic to the soda a few minutes ago. Soon, they would all need to pee helplessly beyond their control.

Jamie and Kiran drank up under Misty’s watchful eye, then turned to their new boss for instructions. "Take off your clothes- bras and panties only." Before Jamie or Kiran could protest, Misty explained. "We are competing with Hooters and other high end bars, girls. You will be working in extremely revealing uniforms."

Jamie and Kiran stripped down to their undies and got to work. Misty had organized the training well; the girls were given detailed lists of tasks they had to do in order. They were constantly on the run- taking "orders" from Misty who relocated herself all over the bar, preparing drinks for "customers", cleaning up, even gulping down drinks which had been "bought" for them. Misty drank along, enjoying the growing buzz and the pleasant sensation of her filling bladder. She had drunk two beers before Kiran and Jamie had arrived, so she knew she would need to pee well before the other girls did. It was all a part of this training session she had carefully planned out.

Halfway through the task list, Misty was feeling a growing urge to pee. She knew the diuretic had just kicked in and the need to pee would intensify for all of them rapidly. She clapped her hands and instructed Kiran and Jamie to sit down at her table for a ten minute break. Misty rolled out the interior design plan she had put together and placed it in front of her friends. She went through the proposed changes, pointing out where everything was going to go and asking for feedback. Jamie had a few suggestions which Misty quickly jotted down, but Kiran was pretty quiet through the meeting. Misty had intended to delay the girls for longer than ten minutes, but her filling bladder forced her to stand up and dance a quick jig on the spot as she rolled up the plan and instructed the girls to get back to work.

Kiran paused as she rose to walk back to the bar. She considered asking Misty for a pee break, but decided against it. She had a mild need for the toilet, but it wasn’t urgent enough to cause any trouble. Surely, she could hold it through the last half of the training list. Misty noticed Kiran’s hesitation and smirked to herself. She knew the thought process going through Kiran’s head- the poor girl had no idea just how badly she was going to need to pee!

As Jamie and Kiran got back to completing the items on their lists, Misty pondered how much longer she could hold on. She was already beyond the point of standing still and it was a matter of time before the girls realized what was happening in her panties. She crossed her legs tightly and leaned back to scan Kiran and Jamie for signs of desperation.

It was pretty clear that Kiran was the more desperate of the two. She was slightly hunched over as she moved around the bar completing her tasks. Whenever she was required to remain in one spot for a long time, she was crossing her legs over her bikini-cut, baby pink panties. Jamie was doing a little better, but even her pauses between tasks were becoming longer, with frequent hopeful glances at Misty.

Watching the two barely-dressed teens struggle made Misty all the more desperate. Ten minutes later, she was bursting and could hardly contain herself from soaking her panties and stockings right there. It would be such an incredible relief to just let go! Making sure the girls were busy, Misty gripped her pussy tightly through her panties and seated herself at the table again. Now she was hidden by the table and free to hold herself while Kiran and Jamie struggled with their tasks. She closed her eyes, quite overwhelmed by the luxurious relief of pressing her hand on her pussy.

Kiran finished wiping the counter for the second time and glanced over at Misty. She really had to pee now. Her bladder seemed to have filled up at an alarming rate and it was getting darn near impossible to focus on the tasks at hand. Even worse, there were still about ten items remaining on the stupid list! She saw Jamie hobble out of the bar area to deliver another "order" to a table. Kiran took the opportunity to reach down and give herself a firm squeeze through her panties. As Jamie returned to her spot behind the counter, Kiran saw that she was doing the same thing. Jamie immediately let go in embarrassment.

Kiran decided that this was enough- they both needed the toilet, so she would ask for a break. Still holding herself openly, she walked over to where Misty was seated. "We need a bathroom break," she demanded.

Misty gazed at the gorgeous Indian teenager in front of her, clearly in dire need of a toilet. Realizing she had caused Kiran to request permission for a badly-needed toilet break almost made Misty start to inadvertently wet her panties right there in her seat. "Have you finished everything on the list?"

Kiran shook her head. "No, but me and Jamie both need to go badly. Can we please just pee then we will come right back and finish off our lists." She bounced up and down desperately for emphasis.

Extremely excited now, Misty barely held herself together and responded firmly. "No. You’re just going to have to learn how to hold your pee until you are all done your work. I can’t have bartenders running off while customers are looking to buy drinks."

Frustrated and angry at her boss, Kiran returned to the counter where Jamie had been observing the conversation hopefully. Misty was really horny and desperate now. How Kiran had not noticed her own desperation was a minor miracle. She was so close to spurting in her panties- dangerously close. She could barely handle the excitement of watching the desperate girls pour drinks and carry them to various tables, even drink up when instructed to by a note on the table.

Five minutes later, the work pace had slowed to a near standstill. Kiran was holding herself to try to maintain control, essentially working with one hand. Jamie was frequently dancing around and holding herself through her lacy white thong. Misty could hardly believe she had still not leaked into her own panties. She had felt her pee push to the very edge of her pee-hole several times now, but somehow she held her water in, waiting for the opportune moment. She sensed that Jamie might be near the end of her list, as she was working at a significantly faster pace than Kiran.

Just then, Kiran came to an absolute halt and moaned. Looking over at Misty, she made up her mind about what she was going to do. She whispered some urgent words to Jamie and the two girls dashed from the bar area, in search of the toilet. Misty grinned at the scene; she had already thought ahead and locked the toilet. She felt a strong wave of desperation come over her and a squirt finally escaped into her panties. She stood up, still clutching her womanhood for dear life. She danced around desperately, in an epic struggle to regain control. Two more squirts escaped her before she stopped dancing and stood frozen on the spot with both hands in her crotch, legs crossed, and pee dripping through her fingers onto the tiled floor below. She had just barely regained control of her bladder.

Jamie and Kiran returned after failing to open the bathroom door. Jamie noticed Misty’s awkward pose before Kiran did and asked, "Well, are you going to open the bathroom for all of us or just piss your pants right here?"

Misty sternly answered that she would not unlock the bathroom for anyone until all the work was done. The two girls headed back to the bar area, but Kiran was so desperate that she didn’t even bother trying to complete any more tasks, just danced on the spot trying not to wet her panties. Jamie had three tasks remaining and just getting through two of them took a full five minutes. By then, Misty had squirted several more times and a puddle had started to form at her feet. Jamie desperately looked at the list while clutching her pussy with all her might. Maybe she could still get out of this mess with dry panties!

The last item read "Clean up pee accident left behind by drunk customer." Confused, Jamie looked questioningly at Misty, who immediately understood. She had been waiting for this moment for far too long and it had finally arrived! Misty eagerly removed her hands from her crotch and relaxed her strained vaginal muscles. Pee flowed freely from her drenched black panties, down her legs through her fishnet stockings, and into a rapidly growing lake on the floor. Her entire body limped from the relief of finally letting go and she placed her hands on her knees in a half squatting position, creating a powerful waterfall of pee behind her.

As Misty finished emptying her tortured bladder, she began stroking her pussy through her panties causing a shower of pee to spray in all directions. It was too much for Kiran to see. She squirted heavily in her own panties several times in rapid succession before surrendering the battle, drenching her legs along with the floor behind the counter. Jamie, still intent on getting Misty’s pee puddle cleaned up before she had her own accident, grabbed a mop and bucket.

Misty and Kiran, both very relieved and sporting wet panties, planted their wet bums on the bar stools and settled in to watch Jamie clean up. Jamie had one hand pressing up on her pee-hole as she struggled to mop up the huge puddle. Misty was still horny from rubbing herself silly while peeing her panties and she couldn’t refrain from reaching over and fondling Kiran’s breasts as they enjoyed the show.

Incredibly, Jamie managed to clean up the entire puddle while still maintaining control. By this time, Misty had moved past Kiran’s tits to an even more intimate area. They were so engaged in a hot make-out session, that Misty just tossed the bathroom key to Jamie without breaking contact with Kiran. Jamie hobbled desperately to the bathroom door. She had no idea how she still had dry panties. Mopping up Misty’s warm pee puddle full of her sweet feminine scent had been sheer torture, but she had somehow hung on.

Unfortunately, an old, creaky bathroom door still stood between her and sweet relief. Jamie desperately inserted the key struggled with the lock for a few long moments, before realizing she needed two hands to turn the knob and twist the key. The agony of unlocking the door with a full bladder stretched to its limits was too much. As she finally got the door opened, she lost control and a forceful torrent shot out of her body and through the crotch of her white thong. Desperately, Jamie located the toilet and threw herself down on the seat, still wearing her underwear. She knew where was absolutely no chance of shutting off the flow to pull down her panties at this point. The dam had finally burst and the least she could do was enjoy the earth-shattering relief. She closed her eyes and moaned as the massive reservoir inside her flowed out through her panties.

Jamie finished peeing, reached into her wet panties to rub out a quickie, and left the bathroom to find Kiran redressing outside under Misty’s supervision. Jamie peeled off her soiled panties and left them on the bar counter for Misty, before fetching her own clothes. Her first bartending training session was over.
