Title: The Roller Coaster Birthday Ride

By: Katy

Today is my 21st birthday and TJ has promised me a very special evening. He is the light at the end of the tunnel for me. We have been dating for almost a year now. He is 25 and he has opened up worlds to me I never knew existed. He will open another for me tonight but I am not aware of it yet.

(Katy and I have been dating for about a year, and I've watched her blossoming from a shy teenager into a vibrant, sensual woman. Today she turns 21, and I have a very special treat for her . . . a sort of "rite of passage".)

"Katy, dress casual tonight. Shorts and a T-shirt. I'll pick you up at 7:00" Those were the words ringing in my ears as I slipped into khaki shorts and a red top followed by sandals. That's one thing TJ and I agree on. Dates don't have to be fancy or dressy to be fun. We just enjoy each other to the fullest extent. Of course, TJ could afford anything! He is the owner of his own company and has money to burn.

(I donit want her dressed up this evening! Weive gone to the symphony concerts dressed to the nines, but for what I have planned this evening, fancy clothes are right out!)

When I hear the door bell at 7:00 sharp, my heart skips a beat. I'm always amazed at the power TJ's eyes have on me. I melt. Plain and simple. In one movement of opening the door TJ steps inside and pulls me into his arms for a long, deep kiss. I would be happy to order dinner in and snuggle on the couch all night long, but as TJ breaks the kiss I know we are off on an adventure. "Come on birthday girl". And he gives me that smile! We suddenly notice that we have dressed alike again. He has on khakis and a red pullover. And we are laughing as he takes my hand and leads me to his car.

(That happens with us quite often, dressing alike, or nearly so, without planning it. As if weire on the same wavelength.)

The pizza parlor has a full house tonight but TJ has thought to call ahead and reserve us a table. I know this isn't common for this type restaurant but TJ isn't the "common" man as he slips the owner some green for our choice seats. We order our favorite pizza and start to sip the beer as we wait for the pizza to cook. Because of the big crowd, the second pitcher of beer is half gone before our food arrives. A third is brought soon after. I know TJ has something special planned for us but he hasn't dropped any hints all evening. And believe me, I have been trying to pry it out of him!

(She should know better than to try to pry a secret out of me! I get a special kick out of springing surprises, and it would totally spoil the fun to have her know in advance! We finish the pizza and drain our glasses, and I stand up, enjoying the slight buzz of the beer.)

"Ready to go birthday girl?" I take his outstretched hand and we start to walk out. "TJ, I better go to the ladies room first. That beer hit me the minute I stood up!" As we round the corner to the ladies room I see the sign that it is out of service due to cleaning. "Oh no!" TJ looks at me funny. "It'll be OK, birthday girl. There are restrooms where we are going." As I slide into the seat of his car, I pray I can make it!

(If she knew that the out-of-order sign was part of the surprise, that would really have spoiled it!)

TJ starts the car, reaches over and squeezes my knee. His hand stays there as he leans over to me and steals a kiss. He pulls back just a little as he looks deep into my eyes. I know he is searching for something.....but what? He gives me that half smile, leaves his hand on my knee and puts the car in gear, pulling out onto the highway.

(She drank as much beer as I did, and unlike me, she hasnit practiced holding; but sheis making a good show so far.)

Weive been driving for about 30 minutes now and itis dark. I keep watching the road for a bathroom but I haven't seen a one. TJ's hand is still on my knee and he is letting it drift up my thigh so slowly then back down. I'm not sure he realizes what he is doing to me. Or maybe he does.

(I know, all right. She should be feeling the pressure really keenly by now. I know what sheis looking for, and chose this route carefully for its lack of gas stations or fast-food places. Ah, here we are!)

Suddenly he puts on his blinker and turns into the local amusement park. "TJ, the park is closed tonight." He turns to me and gives me that half smile again without saying a word.

(Knowing the right people, and having plenty of money, can get you some special treatment . . .)

As he comes around to open my door, I see someone walking towards us. TJ introduces me to Jim. Jim is the owner of the park and an old friend from high school. It seems that TJ has made arrangements to have the park opened tonight just for us. Jim is going to be our "ride operator". The first stop is the merry go round. As TJ helps me up onto a horse the motion of spreading my legs to mount the colorful pony is almost too much. I squeeze hard to keep from peeing my panties but I feel a little escape before I am seated and pressing down so hard on this hard wooden saddle. TJ takes the "horse" beside me and the beautiful music begins as our bodies begin to sway with the movement. Up and down, so slowly. As the horse dips down it is so hard for me to control my need to pee but I manage. I know that as soon as this ride is over I will find a bathroom and fast! I honestly don't know how TJ is not suffering like I am but as I steal a glance at him there is no evidence he is anything but content.

(Long practice has enabled me to hold for a long time and to conceal any visible evidence of distress. But I see Katy grimace and fidget, and I know she is feeling it. And I know that sheill hold until the next stage.)

As he catches my eye and smiles he motions with his head that he wants me to lean over and give him a kiss. As I do his arms encircle my body and he pulls me onto his horse with him. Jim is obviously watching us. The lights dim and the soft music is filling the summer night air. I am sitting "sidesaddle" on TJ's horse as his kiss deepens. It is so natural for me to relax in his arms but as I do the urge to pee hits me so hard that my hand goes to my crotch pushing in against it trying not to pee. TJ's hand follows mine without breaking the kiss. He moves my hand out of the way and now it is his that is applying pressure. "Don't pee your panties birthday girl" he whispers in my ear. The horses come to a slow halt and Jim brings the lights back up.

(I could feel the tension, and a little dampness. So far, so good. Letis tease her a little.)

"Jim, can you show us where the bathrooms are? Katy needs to go really bad." I am so embarrassed that TJ shared that with Jim but at this point all I want is to pee! "TJ, the water is turned off right now. We are doing some major plumbing repairs before the weekend crowd comes back. Sorry man. " TJ looks at me. "Baby, lets ride one more ride then I promise to find you a bathroom. OK?" I nod yes and TJ takes my hand and we start to walk. I am walking slowly and TJ seems to know why and doesn't rush me. As we turn the corner I see where he is headed. It's the ride this park is famous for.

(Of course, the plumbing here is no more out of order than it was in the restaurant. Jim is a good friend, and his fee for this little private session was generous.)

The oldest, biggest wooden roller coaster in the South. I feel a sharp pain as I bend double and squeeze my legs so hard. My hand is between my legs trying to hold my pee back.

(Watching her makes me so excited. Itis all I can do to keep from rubbing myself. It would be so easy to cum. But Iive got to save it all for the grand finale.)

Somehow I manage to only let a few drops slip into my the crotch of my panties. TJ is watching me. I look up at him, somehow manage a smile and we walk up the ramp to the ride. Thank goodness Jim has walked ahead and didn't see me. TJ leads me to the back car.

(Jim doesnit share my fondness for this kind of thing, but he accepts it . . . especially when compensated!)

As we climb in and the bar is lowered I feel some relief at being able to sit. This is the last thing I want to be doing at this moment but I know TJ has made the effort to make this a memorable birthday for me and I also know how he loves roller coasters. I can make it thru one loop of this ride. I know I can!

As the train pulls out of the station and we start around the first bend and begin to climb up the first incline my hands are gripping the bar so hard. TJ's hands touch mine as he loosens my grip. "Hands over your head birthday girl" he says with that mischievous smile. He may be 25 but he's like a little boy at this moment. The excitement is dancing in his eyes. I raise my hands over my head and squeeze my legs together so tight trying not to think about how bad I need to pee. I am OK as we climb the first incline but as the descent starts and my body is weightless from the sudden speed and drop I feel like my bladder is going to explode!

The first curve slams TJ against me. Riding in the back car is the worst and the next curve slams me into him. I try to keep my legs together but the force is stronger than me and I feel some pee escape in the crotch of my panties. As we glide back into the station I breath a sigh of relief. If I can hold it thru that, surely I can hold it now till I get to a bathroom. TJ offers his hand to me and helps me out of the car. I think we are going to walk down the ramp to exit the ride but instead he leads me to the front car and guides me in.

(I didnit think sheid make it thru one ride, but no problem . . . Iive got as long as I need.)

"TJ. PLEASE! I don't think I can ride this again without peeing my panties!" I am almost in tears but I don't think he notices...or does he? "Ahhh baby, just one more time. I promise I'll find you a bathroom then." He says this as the bar is lowered and we once again move out onto the track. I am gripping the bar again and he just looks over at me then glances at my hands and smiles. I try to smile back as I raise my arms into the air as we begin the ascent up the track to the first drop. We are at the top and just as we start down, once again my body is weightless. I can't control it all. I feel the pee start to gush out.

One big gush...then another. I feel it run down my legs and up the back of my shorts. It's so warm. So wet. But then I am able to stop it. As we twist and turn and take the hills and dips of the ride I wonder if my pee is running over to TJ's side of the car. He doesn't seem to notice if it is he is so into this ride. We glide back into the station once again and I lower my arms to grip the bar.

(I see the stain, I smell the scent, and I watch out the corner of my eye, gauging her reaction. If all goes as it should . . . )

A million thoughts are running thru my mind. I know my shorts are wet and I can only imagine how embarrassed TJ will be that I peed my panties in front of his friend. I am about to lean over and tell him when I see him nod to Jim. With that nod, the lights go out and Jim walks down the ramp. There is silence. Deafening silence. Then I hear a car start in the parking lot below. I know that Jim has left us. TJ's arm slips around my shoulder and he pulls me close. His other hand is on my knee gently sliding back and forth up my thigh almost to my shorts. I think he knows. The next time he doesn't stop at my shorts. His hand slips to my crotch and he rubs the wetness there. "You peed you panties, birthday girl," he says in the softest of whispers.

And he leans down to kiss me. This kiss is like none before. I taste his hunger and I return it. He guides me to stand in front of him. His hands are on the waist of my shorts as he unbuttons them and slowly lowers the zipper. They slide over my hips and he steadies me as I step out of them. He starts to undo his own shorts and I reach to help but he gently pushes my hand aside. The button is undone and the zipper down. His shorts and briefs are lying on the seat beside my shorts. I feel his hands on my waist pulling me to him. He lays his face against my damp panties and I hear him moan.

I step back one step and reach down for his hand. Placing it against my crotch, I stream for him, into his hand. When I stop the flow, I feel the crotch of my panties being pulled aside as he guides me down onto his cock. With a slow rocking rhythm I feel him swell inside me. As his roar echoes thru the night air I let it all go and cascade him with my warm wet pee. In a few seconds when he has caught his breath I feel his warmth filling me up. And I know he is sharing with me what I have given to him. And my cry fills the night air.

