Encounter At The Beach
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

One bright summer Sunday, best friends Robyn and Rosie decide to go to the seaside. They got up at around five in the morning, and wanted to leave early enough in the hope that they could get to the beach before they could get caught up in the queues.

“Have you got everything?” asked Robyn.

“Yes, er…. oh, I’ve forgotten my bikini,” replied Rosie, who then rushed up to the bedroom to look for her favourite one, which was coloured white with black polka dots. Robyn got her dark blue bikini to take with her. As it was a nice day, they decided to walk the one mile from their flat to the beach. Unfortunately, their neighbour, Mr Politt, a middle-aged man, shouted “Hi! Hello!” to them.

“Oh, no, not again,” said Robyn.

“It’s that pervert again, he never seems to leave us alone,” Rosie replied.

Mr Politt approached them to say hello, so they tried to be polite to him.

“Are you going to the beach?” he asked.

“Er…. yes we are,” replied Rosie.

“Splendid!” Mr Politt shouted excitedly, clapping his hands. “Can I come too, please!”

“Er….”

“Yes, of course you can,” Rosie interrupted Robyn.

“Okay, great! I’ll be back in a few minutes!” Mr Politt said, and disappeared down the road.

“Why did you say that for?” Robyn asked, angrily.

“Sorry…. it, just came out,” Rosie replied mournfully.

Ten minutes later, Mr Politt came back with a backpack full of bottled water and was wearing a pair of swimming trunks so tiny, they could fit a young boy.

All three managed to find a nice spot on the beach, and unpacked their things. The ladies soon changed into their bikinis. As they did so, they didn’t notice the fact that Mr Politt was discreetly looking at a brief show of naked flesh. The trio soon settled down on the beach.

“Do you have any water?” asked Robyn to Rosie.

“Er, sorry, I forgot,” replied her friend.

“Mr Politt to the rescue!” said the man as handed Rosie a bottle of water. Robyn wasn’t pleased. Throughout the day, whenever Rosie was thirsty, Mr Politt handed over another bottle of water. After a few hours, Rosie got up and said, “Hey guys, I need a wee. Just going to the toilet.”

“Can I come with you? I need to go too,” asked Mr Politt.

“Oi! No!” protested Robyn, but the pair were already making their way from the beach.

Rosie had reached the public toilets when Mr Politt suddenly grabbed her by the arm.

“Don’t go there! please, come here,” he demanded.

They walked through this quiet narrow alleyway. Rosie was nervous, but didn’t attempt to scream or shout out. At the end, they approached this high red brick wall. Mr Politt then faced a visibly shaking Rosie.

“Don’t be frightened. I want you to turn around with your back towards me facing the wall. As you are doing that, also put your hands on the wall and spread your legs a little.”

Rosie did what he said. Mr Politt looked at the young woman’s slender figure wearing that sexy bikini and that lovely pert bottom. He reached out one hand, slipped it under Rosie’s bikini bottoms and started to rub her pussy. He then stuffed his other hand down his trunks, pulled out his penis and started to stroke it gently. He then said softly, “Now young lady, I want you to start weeing in your bikini. Give it a real good soaking.”

Rosie was shocked at what the man said at first, but as she was desperate to go, she allowed her bladder to relax and let go all her urine. Mr Politt’s hand continued to rub her pussy gently as she peed, soaking her bikini, and urine cascading down her shapely legs to form a small puddle on the pavement. He then said, “Please pull your bikini to one side so I can fuck you.”

Rosie didn’t wait to be asked again and bent down slightly, waving her bum at the man, who then slowly slid his now erect penis inside her. Rosie was by now beginning to enjoy their brief sex session, and a few minutes later they both came to a mind-blowing climax, with Mr Politt briefly taking out his penis to start weeing on Rosie’s bikini bottoms. The urine had mixed with his white cum splashed over her bum and running down the back of her legs. They both let out soft moans in relief. Rosie then turned to Mr Politt to give him an exquisite kiss.

The man told her, “It was a big fantasy of mine to see a young woman wet herself in front of me. I’ve also fancied you from afar for quite a while.”

“Wow… that’s, er, great,” Rosie replied. “I think for now we need to keep this under our hats.”

The pair returned to Robyn at the beach, who surprisingly didn’t suspect a thing!

