Desperate At The Gym
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by wriggling on July 29th, 2010 at 6:40AM

At my gym there is a woman who has a very specific routine. She runs on the tread for 13 minutes, bikes for 12 and uses the rowing machine for 11. Then she showers for 4 minutes, gets changed and leaves.

I'm not some freaky stalker, by the way, we just usually go at the same time and I happened to observe she had a pattern.

Anyway, yesterday she wasn't there at her usual time, and she arrived a few minutes late. She looked a little worried, and I had come to realise this routine was very important to her. However, I am a little ashamed to say that my concerns about this rather took a back step when it became apparent (to me anyway) that she needed to use the toilet. 

She had changed quickly and was stood on the tread platform, untangling her headphone wire. As she did so, her left leg bent in slightly and she squirmed. It wasn't immediately noticeable, but I picked up on it.

After her run on the tread, she used the bike, which was behind me (I was still on the tread) so I couldn't see her. However, in front of the machines the wall is completely mirrored, so I could see some of her reflection, which meant I could see her occasionally biting her lip. (Yum!)

I switched to the cross at about the same time she moved on to the rowing machine. I could only imagine how painful that had to be for her bladder, her knees pretty much slamming into it every second. Her face was screwed up in a constant frown, and I couldn't tell if it was from the workout or from the pressure in her bladder.

She stood up and crossed her legs, pausing on the pretence of fiddling with her iPod, then hurried into the changing rooms. I was sure she had to pee now. After a few minutes, curiosity got the better of me and I followed.

I went to my locker so I could busy myself with my phone. She was nowhere to be seen and I could hear a shower running so that meant she had either peed and then gone in, or kept to her routine. Much as I wanted it to be the second, common sense suggested the first.

However, my common sense thoughts were dispelled as she emerged from the shower cubicle with a hand between her legs. (!!!) She clearly didn't think anyone else was in the room, because she flushed and quickly dropped her hand, pretending to smooth it along her thigh.

She got her bag and moved to a bench to get dressed. In my peripheral vision I could see her bobbing up and down as she moved around getting into her clothes. She was clearly bursting - so much so that even though I had worked out she resolutely stuck to this routine, any normal person would have given in by now.

She had got her top and jeans on and was working up to the next item of clothing when I heard a grunt and looked up to see her hand shooting to her crotch. She stamped her feet desperately, keeping one hand on her socks and the other in place before finally dropping her clothes and making a run for the toilets. 

My fun over, I walked towards the exit (located beside the toilets) and heard her gasp, groan and then release. I only heard the beginning of her torrent, but I swear... How that girl managed a shower with a bladder that full, not to mention crunches, is far beyond me!

