Date Wetting
	A third date takes an unexpected wet twist.
Author: wetskipants

It was their third date. Lucas was entranced by his newfound love, Alice, and couldn't believe their first two dates had gone so well. Ever the gentleman, he hadn't pushed too far on the earlier dates, two meals at excellent restaurants with gorgeous views. Not that his eyes had wandered far from his even more gorgeous date.

Alice was smart, funny and had natural beauty. Curvy in all the right places with a smile that sent tingles to Lucas's nether regions. On this third date night, they were in the city and had just finished their meal. It was a cold night as they walked through the city park. They had finished off a bottle of wine over dinner and Alice realised she had made a mistake in not going to the loo before they left. Now, out in the middle of the city, with only dark, cobweb-filled public toilets nearby, she started to worry.

Her bladder was full and sending urgent messages to her brain that it needed a release. But where? She had a thing about public toilets and the nearest restaurant was a good 10 minutes walk away. As the desperation/panic in her eyes grew, Lucas sensed something was wrong. It was only their third date but he was already feeling a connection with Alice.

"Is everything OK?" Lucas asked.

Alice looked at Lucas and wondered how much to reveal. She had had a string of bad experiences with men and the last one had topped it off.

They had been on a bushwalk and the call of nature had taken hold. When she had revealed her predicament, her bushwalking companion had laughed and told her to drop her pale blue walking tights and undies and squat in the bushes. Unfortunately, peeing in the bush was as much a thing for Alice as public toilets and she had tried to soldier on. Her valiant efforts were ultimately in vain. As they climbed the last long hill to the carpark, every step sent a shudder of fear through Alice that she would lose control. Then, on one step, the rock beneath her shoe shifted. Alice stumbled and all control was lost. Pee flooded into her tights, which quickly turned from a pale blue to a dark blue, streaming down her legs in long rivulets, into her sneakers. The embarrassment was terrible ... but what was worse was her companion laughing his head off. "How old are you? Two?" he joked. Needless to say, she never wanted to see him again.

Now, here she was again ... and at risk of another date disaster, and this time with someone she was feeling strongly attracted to. She broke into tears as she confessed her predicament. "I need to pee and I hate public toilets. I'm worried I'm not going to be able to hold on ..." she sobbed.

"Let's get out of the park and find somewhere you can go," Lucas replied.

"It's too late," Alice said. "Much further and I'll lose it. You must think I'm pathetic. Here I am, a grown woman who is going to wet her pants."

She stared at the ground unable to look Lucas in the eye. She was going to lose him, all because of her stupid, weak bladder.

Lucas thought for a few seconds, put his finger under Alice's chin and lifted her face to meet her eye to eye. "Here's what we're going to do," he said.

Alice wondered what was coming as she looked into his deep green eyes. "I'm going to sit down over there and you're going to sit in my lap facing me ... and you're going to let go," Lucas said.

Alice looked stunned. "What?" she replied.

"I want you to let go while you're sitting on me," Lucas said. "That way both our jeans will get wet and no one will be able to work out what happened."

"Are you sure?" Alice said, fidgeting from leg to leg as she neared the point of no return, not quite able to believe what she was hearing.

"Absolutely," Lucas replied. "A problem shared is a problem halved."

He walked off the path, sat down on the grass and beckoned Alice over. She walked to him in stunned silence and sat down on his lap. Lucas put his arms around Alice and held her close to him. They kissed as he ran his fingers through her long red hair just above the base of her neck. The touch of Lucas's fingers and lips made Alice tingle all over but it also started to evaporate what control of her bladder she still had left.

"Lucas, I don't thing I can hold it any more," Alice admitted in a desperate voice.

"That's OK," said Lucas. "You can go."

And with that the dam broke. For a moment, it seemed to Lucas that nothing had happened and then he felt the warmth seeping through his jeans, into his lap and onto his legs. There was something erotic about it, the warm liquid leaving Alice's body and seeping over his own. Alice half sobbed as she let her bladder empty, in shock at what was happening. This was nothing like the bushwalk. Finally she was spent and she pulled her face away from Lucas's shoulder and stared into his eyes. "I can't believe you did that for me," she said.

Lucas smiled. It wasn't quite the third date he had expected but he was falling in love with this raven-haired woman, fast. They got up, and walked out of the park back to Lucas's car. Fortunately, he kept a couple of old towels in the boot.

When they got back to Alice's place, she invited him inside. She knew what was about to happen ... and she wanted it to happen. Never before had she met a man who would surrender himself in such a situation like that. She led him inside and took him straight to her bedroom. She looked Lucas in the eye and took a chance. She had a feeling that there was more to his offer in the park.

"I get the feeling that maybe you liked what happened in the park," Alice said. "Would you like to do the same to me?"

Lucas's heart skipped a beat. It never occurred to him that Alice would see right through him like that and guess his secret fetish. "Yes, I would love that" he mumbled, part-embarrassed at having his fetish discovered so easily but more than anything excited.

"The only thing is these jeans are already wet and so are yours," Alice said. "Take yours off and wait here while I change."

Lucas could barely contain his anticipation as Alice disappeared into her walk-in wardrobe. What was she changing into, he wondered. When Alice walked back in, Lucas almost did a double take. She came back in exercise gear, a sunshine-yellow leotard and grey tights

Alice lay back on the bed.

"What about the mattress?" Lucas asked.

Alice smiled, pulling back the base sheet to reveal a protective plastic sheet. "I have the odd wet night, so I keep it protected," she said with a smile.

Lucas was transfixed by Alice and what she was wearing. He climbed over his chest and knelt with his crotch not far from her chin.

"You were quite the gentleman, back there at the park," she said. "What you did in my time of crisis deserves a reward. It's your turn to let go."

It took a while for Lucas to contain his excitement and reach a state where he actually could let go. Just the thought of wetting a bed was exciting and he had to fight his primal urges. Finally, he got there, realising how badly he needed to pee. He felt a few drops come out and make the front of his undies wet again, before he involuntarily clenched and stopped the flow. Alice frowned. "Is that all you've got?" she asked.

Lucas closed his eyes and concentrated. He had never peed in front of a woman before and he worried that stage fright would get the better of him. Finally, once he had relaxed, he felt the pee moving along his shaft towards the tip and knew he was on the point of no return. With a huge spurt, he started to pee uncontrollably. The flood quickly seeped through his undies all over Alice's leotard and tights, which quickly turned dark with his pee.

Alice moaned as he felt Lucas's hot pee soak into the lycra and onto her skin. This was amazing. It was one of the biggest turn-ons she had ever experienced. For what felt like a good 30 seconds, Lucas kept peeing until finally his bladder was spent. Alice pulled him down onto the sodden bed and slid her hands down to his steaming, soaked undies. She felt him harden as she rubbed him through the wet material.

Lucas turned and lay down alongside Alice in a 69 position and pulled one of her legs over his body. Lucas put his mouth to Alice's sodden crotch and kissed her through the leotard and leggings. What he wasn't expecting was warm, salty liquid to seep through the material as Alice started peeing again. Lucas had never imagined tasting pee before but the moment was so erotic, he lapped at the golden nectar.

Alice moaned even louder, the thought of what her lover was doing leaving her a-tingle. When she was finished, she felt Lucas pulling her almost-transparent leotard down to her ankles, followed by her tights. Once again, she felt Lucas's mouth on her crotch, his tongue lapping her sideways, Tahitian-style. The sensation was mind-blowing. She pulled Lucas's lower half closer to her and licked his warm penis from base to tip, tasting salty pee - was it his or hers, who knew? - along the way.

As they lay, licking each other, their bodies entwined on the sopping sheets, Lucas and Alice reached simultaneous orgasms and exploded in each other's arms. After about 10 minutes, Alice looked into Lucas's eyes and said: "Would you like to stay the night?" With a smile she added: "Don't worry, I have a clean set of sheets."
