Title: Star-burst

By: Anon

It started as a boring solitary night in strange provincial town. I asked the taxi driver to recommend somewhere lively for the evening. He named a couple of pubs, then added that the "Startrek" night-club had recently opened and was offering cheap drinks and free admission before 9,30.

At 9,25 I found "Startrek" almost deserted, so sat at a small table against the wall and ordered a beer. The waitresses serving me was about 35, with red hair, a trim figure, and a wide, mischievous smile. Like all the staff, she was dressed in a espace suiti a skin- tight satin jump-suit and silver boots. Because there were so few customers, we exchanged a few words when she served my drink, and when I ordered the second beer, I offered her one.

She told me that she was not allowed to drink while serving, but waitress service stopped at 11, when the club became crowded, and I could ask her again then. She came back to my table at five to eleven to ask if I wanted another beer, and I told her to get herself a drink if she wanted one. About five minutes later she joined me, still wearing her jump-suit, but covered by a loose fitting shirt.

We chatted away for some time, then I excused myself to visit the loo, and said I would get more drinks on my way back. There was quite a crowd at the bar then, so I bought 6 bottles of beer, figuring that would last us for the rest of the evening. Laura looked a bit taken back by this, but did not say anything.

From where I was sitting, I could see the entrance to the Ladies, where a queue was forming and one girl in white trousers was twisting her legs together in a very agitated manner. I could not resist starting at this, and Laura followed my eyes and realised what I was looking at.

"She looks as if sheis got a problem, doesnit she," she said, "There are only two cubicles, so there will be at least four more waiting inside the loo."

I blushed, and tried to pretend that I had not been watching, but Laura continued. "You have been watching the girls go in and out the loo all evening. Itis nothing to be ashamed of. One of the reasons why I came to join you was because you were sitting at my favourite table. On a Friday or Saturday night it can be really interesting here."

I was taken aback by Laurais boldness, but this was an opportunity not to be missed. "Why donit you join the queue and then you could report on her progress when she is in the loo." I suggested.

"No," she replied, "and Iill tell you why later." We resumed our conversation, but now we were both openly watching the traffic into the Ladies. I had had a few beers by then, and had to go for another pee. I noticed that Laura had her legs tightly crossed, but that she had not yet had a pee all evening. When I returned, Laura made some comment about "Lucky you. Being able to go to the loo whenever you want."

I looked puzzled at this.

"Itis this stupid Startrek uniform. Itis such a tight fit I need help to get it on and off. Even if I could get it off to go to the loo, I would never be able to get it back on again alone. I really donit have any choice but to wait until I get home. Thatis why I looked worried when I saw how much beer you had bought. I wonit have any trouble drinking it, the problem is to keep it all inside me. I have been sitting with my legs crossed for ages now. Thatis why I didnit want to follow that girl into the loo."

Acting the gentleman, I suggested that I telephone for a taxi to take her home. To my delight, she refused, saying that it was character building to have to hold on until she was really bursting. I tried to remain calm and nonchalant, while hardly being able to believe my luck in meeting such a woman. Laura was now drinking her third bottle of beer, and I knew that this was not going to help her bladder. She squirmed in her seat and bit her lip anxiously, then asked me where I was staying. "Thatis even further away than my flat. Iim not sure I will be able to make it home now, suddenly I have got really desperate. My bladder is absolutely bursting, I canit hold out much longer."

I really didnit know what to say to this, knowing that I should try to help her, but also wanting to see her desperate for as long as possible. Laura pressed her right hand between her legs, "Oh God, I really do want to piss, I canit wait much longer. Just feel how full my poor bladder is." She took my hand and rested it on her abdomen, which felt hard and swollen.

"You must be desperate, your bladder must be nearly exploding." I said.

Laura now was looking very agitated. "I am not going to make it home, so Iill have to go here somewhere. I just hope it not on the floor under my chair." She began searching through her handbag. "There is a cleanersi store room where the manager lets us waitresses leave our coats. Thank goodness I forgot to hand in the key tonight. Itis that door past the Ladies loo. If you come in there with me and help me get out of this uniform, there has to be a bucket or something I can piss in."

She finished her beer and took a deep breath. "Here goes, It always get worse when I get up and walk, so letis hope I donit wet myself on the way."

I kept close to Laura as she set off across the room, shuffling along with her legs pressed together. We had not gone far when she pressed her left hand between her legs, and I moved to her left side to try to hide this. When we reached the door she fumbled with the key, not being able to see the keyhole in the dark. She had crossed her legs tightly and was pressing her hand between them as hard as she could, groaning with the effort of holding herself back. She got the door open, dragged me inside and turned on the light as she locked the door behind us. It was not much more than a large cupboard, with a couple of chairs stacked on one corner, two vacuum cleaners and a collection of mops, brooms and buckets.

Laura was half doubled over, holding herself with both hands now, and begged me to get her a bucket as she couldnit move until she had got herself under control again. I simply could not resist her in that state, and ignoring her plea, put my arms round her and kissed her. She responded, then twisted away from me, telling me not to press on her bladder as it would probably kill her. She turned her back to me and pushed me against the wall, my hard erect cock pressing into her lower back and my hands slid over her breasts, feeling her nipples hard against the material of her Startrek suit. Laura moaned quietly, "Oh God, I feel so sexy, even though I am nearly wetting myself. Stroke my tits, feel me anywhere except on my bladder. It feels so good I am going to hold out as long as I can and enjoy the sensations."

I let my hands wander all over her body, cupping each of her tits with one hand while allowing the other to stray lower towards her crutch. As my fingers ran lightly across her abdomen, I could feel her bladder, harder and fuller now. Laura flinched, as if even that light touch was painful, then as my hand reached her crutch, moved one of her hands away and pressed my hand between her legs, so she had three hands helping her control her bladder. She was breathing heavily and moaning quietly with pleasure. "Oh I love a full bladder, but this is becoming too full to hold much longer. Undress me quickly!"

I unzipped her espace suiti and peeled it down her body. She let go of her crutch and uncrossed her legs to let me do this, kicking off her boots at the same time. We had just got the suit off when she had to hold her crutch again, giving a gasp as she nearly lost control. She took her hand away again to allow me to remove her tights, leaving her naked except for a tiny pair of knickers. "Now you undress as well. Hurry, I canit wait much longer!"

I just threw my clothes in a heap on the floor, and Laura grabbed me before I could remove my pants, squeezing my erection and pulling me towards her.

"You have got to help me hold it back, or I am going to flood the place," she said, taking my cock between her legs and then pressing it against her crutch. "Careful with my bladder!" she gasped, "If you press that Iill burst."

She was rubbing her pussy against my cock, trying to keep her legs crossed and pressing it hard against her, presumably to help hold back her piss. She was gasping and moaning with pleasure. As she shuddered with her approaching orgasm, she got my cock inside the gusset of her knickers, right against her very moist pussy. As she came, so I felt a spurt of piss escape from her, then a gasp of "Oh No!" and she tensed her whole body in a last desperate effort to hold it back, succeeding only after another, smaller leak.

"Oh! That was so good. I want more, but I simply cannot bear to hold my piss any longer. Itis absolute agony now, I think I am going to split open if I donit go right now."

I dragged a bucket into the centre of the room, and Laura pulled down her wet knickers and squat over it. I expected her to let go with an absolute blast of piss, but it was just a normal steady stream, except that it seemed to go on for ever. I started mentally counting seconds when I realised it was going to be a marathon piss, and I had reached 80 when she finally stopped. In all, Laura must have been pissing for over 2 minutes, so she really had been at bursting point. Laura pulled her knickers up and flung her arms round my neck, pressing herself against me. "Oh what a relief, I enjoyed every minute of that, I really was full right to the brim. Now itis your turn."

I thought she meant me to piss in the bucket, which I needed to do, but she took my cock, thankfully still erect, and began stroking it, and then began rubbing it against her very wet pussy. I began to move in time with her, my cock sliding easily into her. Laura hesitated for a moment. "Have you got a condom?" she asked.

"Sorry, no," I replied, cursing my luck.

Laura thought a second, then said, "What the hell, if you believe I am OK, the I will believe you are. Just pull it out before you come and finish off between my legs."

All thoughts of Aids went out the window, I wanted to be inside Laura as much as she seemed to want me inside her. I pushed my cock back into her pussy, thrusting deep inside her this time, faster and faster as I felt her reaching another climax. Somehow I managed to stop before I came, pulling out and allowing Laura to cross her legs tightly, trapping me against her crutch as I rubbed myself to a climax.

As we came back to normality, Laura used some of the cleaners towels to wipe us both down as best she could. I helped Laura back into her espace suiti, then turned to piss in the bucket before dressing. Laura stopped me. "I can offer you coffee now and breakfast in the morning if you want to come back to my flat, but you have got to hold your piss until you get there. OK or not?"

I was bursting, but I would have tied my cock in a knot if that was what it took to spend the rest of the night with Laura. "Fine by me," I replied, "Iill hold it just as long as you want, so long as you donit go either."

"Right," said Laura, "hold-it contest starts now. Lets get moving so we can enjoy the end in private. The loser buys the drinks tomorrow night." But that is another story.

