Title: Hide and Seek

By: Bob

It all started with a game of hide-and-seek.

Paul had been eight years old then, and his sister Marcie and her best friend Penny were both six. Penny lived only a few doors away, and was around playing with Marcie so much that she was almost like a second sister to Paul.

At the end of the block was a park bordering on a wooded area, and the kids played there a lot. On one of the many neighborhood games of hide and seek, Penny was "it." Paul went into the woods where he had recently taken the time to look under a fallen log they had all jumped on and over hundreds of times, and was surprised to find a little hollow space just big enough to squeeze into, completely hidden from sight if you were standing up. It was the perfect spot--she would never find him here!

The woods being logical cover, it was the first area Penny started searching, and before long she was standing right next to the log. Paul could see her feet only 30 inches away, and she was unaware of his hiding place and of his nearness! He could only see from her knees down, just a glimpse of her thin summer dress, her skinny bare legs, slightly dirty white ankle sox and well-scuffed black shoes. He would have thought she could hear his heart beating!

Then it happened! There was movement, and in a second her hands came into view, pulling down her panties! She squatted right in front of him, legs splayed wide, and he could see right up her dress as she began to pee! Penny was still looking over the log to make sure nobody came, and her line of vision was still too high to see Paul, anyway. He could just see her panties stretched between her calves. There was a prominent wet spot in the crotch. The puddle was hissing now, and frothing a bit.

Paul was still too young to understand sexual arousal, but even so he was most fascinated with this unusual sight before him! After Penny finished and moved on, he gingerly reached out and touched a fingertip to the still steaming puddle. It was surprisingly warm! Eventually he was called in-- "Ally ally ochs in free!"--and he never would reveal where he had been hiding.

About a year later, Paul thought he was alone in the house on a lazy Saturday, and waited too long after too much Coke, and finally rushed in some distress to the bathroom, quickly unzipping as he went. He hadn't time to close the door, and stood whizzing very loudly for the longest time, playing the stream back and forth and making a mighty froth in the toilet. Hitting back and forth over the edge of the water in the bowl, he commenced a rhythm: splash, splash, splashsplashsplash, splash, splash, splashsplashsplash. He could never remember peeing for so long before!

Just as he was finishing, he heard a sound, and looked to see Penny staring at him, Marcie behind her! Both held their hands tightly over their mouths to keep from alerting him, and both failed to further suppress their loud giggles when he turned and saw them. He had no idea they were even in the house, and he was so startled he was speechless! They ran off and were long gone by the time he finished, zipped up, flushed the toilet, and went to look for them. He never mentioned it later to either of them--what was there to say? Subconsciously, perhaps it seemed to him that what Penny saw was fair exchange for the show she had given him a year earlier. That memory came back to him now.

Two years after that Penny's family moved to a different neighborhood, and Paul lost track until they met at college. Paul was now 20, halfway through his sophmore year, when he became aware that that really foxy little blonde freshman in his Literary Arts class was none other than Penny, not yet 19. She'd been a cute kid at nine years old, but nothing special, so who would have guessed she'd turn out to be such a knockout!?

They started sitting next to each other in class, and as those things go, before long they were an "item." Well, not hot and heavy, just really good friends and mild flirtation now and then. The following quarter, when they were figuring out class schedules for registration, they managed to both get a schedule so neither had any classes on Thursdays! Only people who have gone through underclassman college registration can appreciate how close to impossible this accomplishment is. Two hours drive from the campus was an ocean beach, which was very crowded with students on weekends, but during the week it was virtually deserted, as it was too far to get to for just a free hour or two.

One Thursday Paul and Penny were at the beach, studying (yeah, right!) They had the whole beach to themselves. Paul started to excuse himself to go behind the nearest sand dune to take a leak, when Penny suddenly said, "Let me watch!" and started to follow him. Paul's first reaction was "No way!", but he managed to bite his tongue before uttering those words. Although there had been a few pleasant makeout sessions, they had not yet had sex, and somehow Paul sensed that he might be very regretful later if he turned down her request. After a very slight hesitation, he said, "Sure. Why not?"

He lowered his swimsuit to his knees, grabbed his dick, and began to pee. Instantly she was beside him, a hand on his shoulder. "Let me hold it," she entreated. Somewhat apprehensively, he allowed her to grasp his penis and relinquished aiming responsibility to her. He was in full stream now, and it was splashing loudly on the sand. She began to waggle his member back and forth in a rhythmic pattern: splash, splash, splashsplashsplash, splash, splash, splashsplashsplash...

Fortunately he was pretty much finished at this point, because what happened next was unbelievable. It all came back to him! He vividly remembered every detail of that day eleven years ago when he had made that same rhythm as she watched. And now, as then, this evoked the still earlier memory of her splayed legs and pissing pussy as he watched from under the log in the woods.

She didn't miss a beat. As the stream diminished to nothing, mostly because he was about done but also because he was rapidly hardening, she continued the rhythm, changing from sideways flapping to classic hand-job with a flair: stroke, stroke, strokestrokestroke... And this magic rhythm was the key to every memory cell in his brain that had any piece of the picture in the woods, replaying in perfect detail until, in a surprisingly short time, he shot his wad in a mighty arc, the best spurt (the second one) landing fully eight or ten feet from where he stood, knees buckling.

Still not a word had been said. Turning now in front of him, she kissed him squarely, the most passionate, lingering kiss he could ever hope to experience, and as she did so she guided his hand under the waistband of her bikini. He was working by feel, as she still held him in that most voluptuous kiss, pausing only long enough for a throaty, "your turn" before her tongue again entered his mouth.

Her pussy was sopping wet! At first he cupped her entire vulva in his palm, and wondered if he could get burned from the heat. She was consumed with lust, randy beyond belief! Soon one, then two fingers were plunged to the hilt in her vagina, as his thumb worked it's magic on her clit, which seemed to his touch to be the size of a large grape! When she came, he could feel the spasms of her contracting vaginal and pelvic muscles as he held on for dear life, fingers into the G-spot and thumb on the magic button!

In between the vagina and the clitoris is, of course, the urethral opening, which now emptied the contents of her bladder directly into his palm, then her bikini. It coursed down both legs and made considerable puddles around both her bare feet. Her moans would have been audible to anyone within 100 yards or even more, but fortunately they were alone. He reveled in the heat of her urine, suddenly remembering the warmth on his fingertip those many years ago.

Both were so drained, it was tempting to crash on their blanket and just sleep in each other's arms, and they actually did start to, but after only two minutes or so, Paul regained enough strength and presence of mind to get them both into the water for a good rinse, then they arranged their umbrella to avoid sunburn, and slept the sleep of the Gods.

When Paul awoke, Penny was sitting up already, studying. Well, she had a textbook and notepads out, but then he saw the notes she had been taking.

It was doodling, actually:

Paul and Penny

P and P

P & P

P-P

pee-pee

In the long talk that followed, Paul finally confessed where he had been hiding that day, and what he had seen. "Wow," said Penny, "If I had known at the time I probably would have been mad, but now..." She laughed heartily.

"Of course, we were just kids then," continued Paul. "I mean, you didn't even have any hair on it then." Despite all that had transpired, Paul had still never SEEN Penny's pudendum since that long ago time. Suddenly Penny stood up, quickly stripped off her bikini bottom, then squatted right in front of Paul, legs widespread! "I hope you aren't disappointed, but it's still a baldy," she giggled. "I don't have much naturally anyway, at least not yet, and with bikinis and all I like it smooth. You like?"

"Umm, I like." Paul leaned forward and planted a big wet kiss right on her vulva. It had an intoxicating sweet/musky smell that was wonderful! He gave it a last little kiss, then a lick, then sat back up. Penny had a strange look on her face. She said nothing. Paul continued staring at her scrumptious pussy. Suddenly a little spurt of pee jetted out, then a dribble, then a thin stream for just 3 or 4 seconds.

"I wanted to repeat what you saw then," she said finally, "but after the last few hours I don't have to go much. When I have to go, though, watch out. I'll pee for you any time you want to watch. Or...whatever. I might even surprise you now and then, if you don't mind."

The possibilities were staggering. Paul was going to enjoy getting to know Penny a lot better in the near future. The rest of the day was heaven. They swam again, ate a great picnic, did a good jog down the beach, another quick swim, then there was one thing they still hadn't done. On the still deserted beach, they made love on the blanket to a beautiful sunset. At that utterly magical moment when the head of Paul's dick made that wonderful little "pop" past her vaginal opening into those velvet-smooth walls, she took her tongue out of his ear just long enough to whisper in a sexy, throaty, voice:

"Olly olly ochs in free!"

