Second Volume Hold
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by wriggling on August 16th, 2010 at 11:19AM

My first experience with measuring my pee after a hold wasn't planned, and neither was this one.

My first hold I managed 1100 ml, and this time I measured just a little over that.

I had been holding all day and had consumed 2 bottles of water at work, and didn't need to pee when I left. However, my bladder was hard and firm and I could tell I was full even if I wasn't desperate.

Driving home I thought it'd be fun to do another measure and see if I could improve. However, a traffic jam that left me stuck in my car for an hour longer than I should have been meant things didn't go quite according to plan, but I guess that's life.

I had a third bottle of water in the car, and man did that make it's presence known in my bladder!

The first two had given me no trouble, but they either caught up with me at the worst moment possible, or someone had slipped water retention pills in the third!

By the time I got home I was in a mad rush just to get to the bathroom at all, screw the measuring, but then my libido took over. My bursting bladder was feeling deliciously full and I badly wanted to rub myself. I stayed in the car for a few minutes, gently stroking my clit, gaining enough control to get inside without letting any passers-by see I was about to piss myself, or worse let them see me actually piss myself. 

I let myself in, pee dancing so badly I snagged my stockings kicking my shoes off. I needed distraction so I logged onto EP to read some desperate experiences. While waiting for the computer to start up, I took some desperation photos - at one point I nearly dropped my camera when a wave of desperation overcame me and I needed to grab myself.

I was crazy horny now and masturbated reading some experiences. I was near climax when it got too much and I had to run and empty. 

My pussy was soaking, and not just with pee, as I gushed into the first jug. The relief was so intense I considered not cutting off when the jug was full.

With 500ml in the first jug and about 610/620 in the second, it's not much of an improvement on the first hold, but still surpasses a litre!

