Title: Waiting to Get Home
	Entry to: Month 32
By: Paul Tester

This happened many years ago, during my mis-spent youth. This story is a true as I can remember it, though place-names have been omitted to avoid anyone recognising me.

In one of my periodic attempts to cut down on my drinking, I decided that instead of restricting my output instead of intake. I could drink as much as I wanted, but I would not allow myself to pee until I reached home. This was also a time when I was experimenting with how long I could hold my pee, and what it felt like to be absolutely desperate, so I was tending to take risks with my input.

On this particular night I had been drinking in Central London and was travelling home by underground and British Rail. Not only did this avoid drink-driving, the lax ticket inspecting of the time generally allowed me to travel most or all of the way for free. 

I can't recall how much I drank that night, probably four pints of bitter, maybe more. My journey was two stations on the underground (Metro) to a junction, then a half hour ride to an interchange with British Rail, three stations on BR, then a mile walk home. By the time I reached the underground station I was already wanting to pee. Not desperate, but more than common sense said you would take on a half hour train ride. I was also at that stage of drinking when my kidneys were at their most active, so every minute I was waiting for the train I was wanting to pee more.

The first part of the underground journey was soon over, but there seemed to be some delay before the train for the main journey arrived. Maybe it was no longer than normal, but by then I really did need to pee. I abandoned all ideas of making it home without going. The first chance I had to pee, the BR interchange station, I was going to take. I only hoped that my desperation level would still be bearable then. In the meantime, I was doing all I could to ease the strain on my bladder, standing, or rather leaning against a wall, with my legs crossed. Then, because things were already getting desperate, forcing myself to walk round the station to check that there really wasn't a loo I could use, or even somewhere I could pee undetected.

When my train eventually came I was lucky enough to get a seat right away, because I was so desperate I just had to cross my legs to be able to survive the journey. Even this wasn't the relief I had hoped for, because my jeans were so tight, as was the fashion of the day, that sitting pulled them tighter across stomach. More pressure on my swollen bladder, almost negating the relief of being able to cross my legs really tightly. With some considerable squirming, which probably made my plight obvious to the other passengers, I managed to achieve some comfort, leaning back in the seat to ease the pressure on my bladder while still keeping my legs knotted. Now it was a case of gritting my teeth and counting off the stations; and wishing that the rate my bladder was filling would slow down.

Fifteen minutes passed; halfway there, but I was much more desperate, my bladder throbbing against my jeans, increasing the intensity of my need to pee. I had to do something, I couldn't stand this for another quarter of an hour, and the train seemed slow that night. Hoping that the other passengers would not notice, I undid the zip on my jeans, taking some pressure off my poor, bursting, bladder, but the waist-band was still cutting my bladder in half. (Hipster jeans in those days, coming back into fashion now, and my bladder was so full it felt enormous.) Another couple of stations and I had to undo the top fastening as well as the zip. That felt so much better, and with arms crossed across my stomach, it probably didn't notice. Not that I cared; anything to ease the throbbing pain of my bladder. I was desperate, wanting to pee as badly as I ever had, and still ten minutes to wait.

As we approached the terminal at last I checked my watch, and found that the trains had indeed been late that night, it wasn't just imagination because I wanted to pee so badly. I was in danger of missing the last connecting BR train, which would mean a five mile walk. It was going to be a very close thing, so close that however badly I wanted to pee, I could not risk going in the Gent's on the underground platform. As desperate as I was, I would be peeing for ages, and I could just imagine my train arriving while I was in full flow an unable to stop. I though there was a Gent's on the BR platform, and I had to hold out to get there.

Before I could get off the train I had to do my jeans up again, and the extra pressure on my bladder was agony. My abdomen was considerably swollen, proof, though I didn't need it, of how full my bladder was. As I tried to hurry down the platform I felt I was reaching crisis level, telling myself to make a serious effort to hold on a bit longer, just to the BR platform. I was really clenching my bladder shut, 'holding muscles' tensed with all my strength, which forced me to adopt that stiff legged, 'absolutely desperate,' walk I looked longingly at the Gent's as I passed it, envying the men who were going in, but all chance of a pee went as I heard my train being announced. Gritting my teeth, making a supreme effort on control, I began to run up the steps of the connecting bridge, seeing my train arrive and knowing that I had to ignore my bladder and run all the way. Running down the stairs was the worst, every step jolting my bladder and taking it nearer to bursting point. 

Somehow I made it, and thankfully I could sit down, knotting my legs and leaning forward, arms across my swollen bladder, just about holding out, and so wanting to squeeze my cock hard and take some of the strain off my tiring 'holding muscles.' There were too many passengers for that, and as soon as I felt slightly more in control I sat up and tried to act normally. Not much more than five minutes now, and the then glorious relief.

The pain of my bladder promised this was going to be a record, or near record, pee, which would mean over two minutes to empty out. I had hardly had time to savour this prospect when I realised it wasn't going to happen so soon. As I mentioned above, I did not have a ticket, and the only way of getting off the station was to keep in the middle of the crowd of passengers, when, if I could not slip out un-noticed, I could pay the minimum fare from the last station when the ticket collector would be too harassed then to bother with me. But, spend two or more minutes in the loo and I would be alone, and far more likely to be questioned and charged full fare.

I convinced myself that there was a big house, converted to offices, opposite the station, and that I could pee in the garden there, only an extra minute to wait. Sheer will-power, and meanness, helped me to walk, or hobble, past another Gent's, my bladder feeling swollen to the size of a beach-ball. At least I managed to get off the station without paying, and then nothing mattered except a pee, as quickly as possible.

It was becoming a panic, and I had to force myself not to run, telling myself it was only another minute and I could let go at last. 

But still I was denied my pee! The house was there, but the garden had been fenced off and the gate across the driveway firmly closed. I couldn't believe it! This was the pee I had been holding on for for so long, and the anticipation had almost driven me crazy walking off the station. I was literally on the brink of peeing in my jeans, and only by leaning against a wall as if giddy, or drunk, and gripping my cock with both hands, did I manage to hold back my pee. I was beginning to panic. I was in well-lit suburbia, with still enough traffic about to make peeing in the street unthinkable, so desperate I was almost wetting myself. That was not an option, as even if I could walk home without being seen in soaked jeans, I was still living with my parents, they might still be up when I got home, and if not, then wet jeans would be discovered the next morning.

Frantic, I began running towards home, more than a mile away, thinking that every second saved was one nearer the loo. After less than 100 yards the pressure in my bladder was too much to bear, and I had to stop and double over, legs twisted together, pulling up my jeans with both hands, which seemed to take the edge of my awful need to pee. I had come so close to peeing in my jeans it was frightening; I had never wanted to go so urgently since I was a small child. I tried to find some way of walking quickly, if not running, while being able to hold back my pee.

My jeans were too tight to allow me to hold my cock with one hand in my pocket, the nearest I could manage to this was to push both hands as far into my pockets as possible and then pull my jeans up and away from my aching bladder. This was better than nothing, and allowed a fast, if unnatural, walk. Periodically, like about every 100 yards, my need to pee would increase to the point when I had to stop and plait my legs to maintain control. I really knew that I was not going to make it home like this, and was frantically trying to think of somewhere along the way where I could possibly pee.

There was a parade of shops ahead, and I convinced myself that if I could hold out that far they would have a back entrance where I could pee. They did not, and thinking about peeing had done me no good at all, anticipation raising my bladder pressure to an almost unbearable level. While I was knotting my legs to regain control I saw at last some chance of a pee. Not far ahead, on the other side of the road, was a good old-fashioned style telephone box, the type with small glass windows and a door. In an emergency such as mine, this would give sufficient cover to pee, and in my state I did not care how anti-social this would be. 

Caring about nothing except peeing as soon as possible, I ran across the road, throwing all caution to the winds and openly holding myself for the last ten yards, right on the brink of starting to pee in my jeans. In the phone box, the door shutting behind me, I stood as close the back wall as possible and dragged out my cock, the first spurt escaping just as it was clear of my jeans. Oh the relief as I let my pee gush out, an initial blast from the huge pressure that had built up, then a steady stream as my distended bladder emptied.

Suddenly feeling very conspicuous, as there was plenty of passing traffic, I picked up the phone and pretended to hold a conversation, still using one hand to hold my cock and to keep the stream of pee as well hidden as I could. This was a pretty anti-social thing to do, but I was too desperate to care, and from the smell in the phone box, I was not the first to pee there. A huge puddle was forming on the phone-box floor, and I wanted to be away as quickly as I could. Twice I tried to stop peeing, but the pressure was to great for me to be able to keep control and walk away. This was before mobile phones, when people still used public phones, and I had a horrible thought of someone arriving to use the phone and seeing what I was doing.

Eventually I did manage to stop, and fearful of discovery, I ran several hundred yards away from the phone box, before continuing my walk home at a more normal pace. Despite the huge puddle in the phone box, my bladder was far from empty, and arriving home ten minutes later I was bursting again. My parents were still up, so I had to hold out a few minutes longer while making casual conversation, before taking another glorious, almost endless, pee before going to bed. My bladder still ached from the strain it had been put under, but I consoled myself that it was nothing compared to the embarrassment of facing my parents with wet jeans if I had not managed to hold on.

Despite this near disaster, I continued to use the 'No Pee' method of cutting down on drinking for some time more. It did wonders for my bladder control, teaching me every possible way of easing the strain of a bursting bladder without making the need obvious, as well as pushing my capacity to the limit on several occasions. I never actually lost control and wet myself, though once I had to pee on the underground platform when I knew I had no hope of holding out until I reached a loo.

