At the time it seemed the logical thing to do – but trying to persuade my wife was another matter!
We had been at the beach for a few hours already and after a couple of bottles of cool water, we both needed to pee badly. Trouble is, my wife isn't one for peeing in public – even in the sea – so she sat there fidgeting while we discussed what to do. There were basically three options. One – she could go into the sea and pee while pretending to swim or paddle or whatever it is people do when they pee in the sea. Two – we could leave the beach, return to the car and find a rest area nearby that had toilet facilities. Or three – she could pee where she was, sitting next to me, onto the towel that was still damp from our recent swim. Her swimsuit was still damp too and because it was dark blue in color, nothing much would show.
As my opening line says – at the time, option three seemed the logical thing to do. I was a closet pee fan and up until now had never really had the chance to explain to my wife about it. The beach was quiet at the time and there was no one near us and as we had our backs to some rocks, it was easy to sit and do what we wanted. Frankly, neither of us fancied going anywhere and had recently been for a swim anyway. We were comfy and warm.
Anyway the longer we discussed the situation, the more fidgety she got so in the end I explained to her why I was lying on my front! A few minutes previously, my erection had been too obvious to hide any longer and so I moved so I was lying on my front. Now I moved over again, bringing my knees up but still displaying my hard on to my wife. She realized pretty quickly what was causing this and she wanted to be sure that it was the thought of wetting herself there and then that was turning me on. Surprised at this, but with an evident glint in her eye, she decided that option three was therefore by far the most logical!
We made sure we were sitting close to each other, she with one leg straight and one slightly bent in front of her, me lying slightly sideways facing her. To any watcher, we were just another couple on the beach enjoying some rays and relaxing.
It's difficult to describe your feelings when you realize your wife is wetting herself next to you, but when she started, she squeezed my arm gently, to let me know she was ready. I watched as the front of her swimsuit glistened as the pee soaked her, darkening the towel that lay beneath her. I heard the faint hissing sound and watched the relief on her face as, eyes closed, she relaxed. When it was over she was still squeezing my arm and I sensed that she was turned on too. How I longed to put my fingers inside her swimsuit and feel how wet she was. How I longed to lean over and kiss her pussy, taking in her sweet smell and how I longed to put my rock hard cock inside her and make love there and then on the sand. But this was a step too far on the beach. Instead, she put her hand on my swim shorts to feel how hard I was and moving it gently up and down along the length of my cock, brought me to a quick intense climax. Afterwards it was my turn and she watched intently as I wet my swim shorts for her.
My argument did not extend to her or me playing with her pussy and even though we got close, the real fun would start later when we got back home. So we were both wet, happy and relieved and extremely turned on.
An hour or so later, we and the towels were both dry and it was time for a final dip in the sea before leaving the beach for home. Neither of us would forget this day as it has since opened up all sorts of opportunities for turning each other on in interesting and usually wet ways when we can. It just goes to show that sometimes, male logic (and a good hard on) can swing the day!
By: TR