This is a true story that just occurred this weekend. ( february 20, 2000 )
My wife and I have been enjoying her peeing activities for quite a few years. At first she wasn't comfortable with the idea of wetting herself. After a few years of gentle persuasion and a few genuine accidents she finally would wet herself, but only if I asked. Actually this was working out O.K. All I had to do lately was to ask her if she wouldn't mind wetting her panties at work, home or wherever and she would do so. She actually wet herself at work without asking quite a few times. She developed a pattern of wetting while waiting at the Xerox machine. She almost always wears a skirt so she was O.K. with it as long as it didn't "show" to others.Last weekend we went shopping for a new car and she wore a rather long, full cotton skirt with a flower pattern. I didn't pay much attention because I thought this would be a day of all work and no "play". She drank a couple of cups of coffee with breakfast at the cafe. We left to look at cars and she said she didn't need to pee. We spent a couple of hours at various car dealers looking at cars. Each time we stopped we were offered coffee, water, etc., she drank a bit each time. The last car we looked at was a new S.U.V. She stepped up into it with a slight gasp and sat in the drivers seat. I went around the vehicle to look at some other features. She didn't step down until the salesman came over to talk to me. As she slid out of the seat she smiled and wiped the seat with her skirt, I finally caught on. Up until that time she would never let herself get desperate unless I asked and we planned it ahead of time. We finished at that lot and headed home. We had to drive about 50 miles to get home and it was noon time. I suggested we stop for lunch, I just knew she would have to go pee at the cafe. She was already fidgeting in the seat but she said lets do a "drive–through." I asked her if she had already peed her panties and she said. " no! check if you want too". I did and she was pretty dry. I did discover that she had planned this before we left as she was wearing her favorite slip and panties she likes to wear when peeing. Her pantries were the lacy pink and white rhumba panties. These are thin nylon that dries quickly. Her slip is also a thin nylon petticoat she bought at a children's shop. She had never chosen to wear these out of the house before that day. We got on the freeway and headed home, she finished another 12oz of soda. About halfway home I asked if she wanted to pull over and pee along side the car, she said no and I could check if I wanted to see if she had been "bad". This was getting interesting so I asked if she could "dribble" a bit. She said yes and slid around in the seat to get comfortable. I reached over to stroke her while she peed and was soon rewarded with a wet hand. I finished stroking her to a climax. She smiled and said enough for now. We drove on and she said she would like to go to the home and garden center in town. I said sure, no problem. We arrived at the garden center and had to park out in the center of the parking lot. As she got out she looked at her seat and said, "damn, I didn't know I wet myself that much" and wiped her seat with her slip that she pulled out from under her skirt. I went around the car and looked at her skirt and saw a platter sized wet spot on the back, She asked how bad it looked and I told her it was visible if you looked hard enough. She slid the wet spot to the side and started walking into the store. She said lets go back by the trees. We walked back to the trees and as sure as she felt nobody could see her she let go of a torrent of pee. It seemed to go on forever but it was only 5–10 seconds. In that time a breeze blew her skirt and slip into the stream of pee. She lifted her skirt and slip to squeeze it out and I was amazed. She normally is a very private person and would not normally do this. We finished our shopping and got back to the car where she slipped her panties and slip off and used them to wipe her legs off. All the way home I couldn't keep my mind on the road thinking of what is ahead but that is another story. JP.