Classroom Pissing
	After school, a female teacher fulfills a peeing fantasy.
Author: steve25805

I'm a female teacher who has just turned 30, and am proud of the fact that I'm generally regarded as pretty sexy, with my trim figure, shapely ass (so I'm told) and ample but not overly large breasts. I also have deep blue eyes and long blonde hair. I have smiled to myself on a couple of occasions after overhearing some of my young teenage pupils enthusing about my sexiness when they hadn't realised I was approaching.

I am a highly moral person in most respects, with compassion for the weak and downtrodden everywhere. I read the Guardian and am a Labour Party activist, and my colleagues seem to regard me as a highly respectable and principled person.

But I have a naughty secret! You see, I have a secret fantasy about wearing no panties in class, opening my legs whilst sat at my desk, and peeing right there all over the classroom floor in front of my entire class! Of course, if I did that for real word would rapidly spread, I'd be sacked and possibly prosecuted, I'd never get another teaching job again - career over - and I'd be thrown out of the Labour Party for bringing it into disrepute. My name and face would be all over the newspapers too. No, I cannot possibly let that happen. I do sometimes go pantyless in class for my own secret pleasure, but that is about all. And I make sure none of my pupils ever get a glimpse of anything under my skirt.

But although I cannot pee in front of my class I have finally done the next best thing. After all, if I am alone in the classroom who is there to see me do anything and spread the word around?

A couple of days ago at the end of the schoolday, as my pupils rushed out with the universal desire to get out of school as quickly as possible, I too exited the classroom. But after getting to my car and driving off, I realised that the homework I had wanted to mark was still in the desk drawer: I had forgotten it. So I turned around, drove back, and went back into the building. By this time no one was around except for a few teachers in the staff room, but I didn't walk past there. So I entered the classroom unseen, and was about to retrieve the homework when I decided that the peace and solitude of that classroom made it ideal for me to do the marking there. I knew where the emergency key was kept in case I got locked in so there was no potential problem.

As I set to work, with no panties on, I became increasingly aware of the growing need in my bladder. I actually needed a pee pretty badly. A naughty realisation then struck me: not only were there no witnesses, but nobody knew I was here at all! I could get away with fulfilling my fantasy now, albeit without the audience, and no one would ever know it was me who had made the mess on the floor! A frisson of excitement went through me as I made the decision to actually do it.

Pulling the back of my skirt above my ass, I eased myself forward in my chair, opening my legs so that my muff with it's trimmed blonde pubic hairs was positioned over the front edge of the chair. And then I just peed right there under the desk and all over the classroom floor! A gentle hiss and a very loud splashing sound echoed around the room as my piss cascaded down. This was such a total turn on and felt utterly incredible. Waves of pleasure were rushing through me as I peed.

As soon as the last of my pee splashed down I began to frantically rub myself, bringing myself to the best orgasm in years right where I sat.

Once I had recovered my composure, I stood and admired the mess I had made, a huge puddle of yellow-tinted pee covering a large area of the floor. I smirked at the sight of it for a few moments, then just walked out and left it there, aroused by the thought of the cleaner discovering it in the morning.

School assembly the next morning was interesting to say the least. The headmaster ranted about how someone had "done their business" on a classroom floor instead of using the toilet, that this was dirty and unhygienic, and had left a terrible mess for the cleaner. He said that if anyone had any information about who was responsible they should come forward. But I knew no one had seen me. And of course, it never crossed the headmaster's nor anyone else's mind that a teacher had actually done it! I struggled to suppress a smirk at this knowledge, and felt another frisson of excitement as I remembered what I had done.
