Hi all,
It all started with me reading a lot of erotic stories about hypnosis on http://www.literotica.com.
I was intrigued by the idea of it, and turned on as well. I knew that it did not work like that, no–one does anything he or she normally would not do under hypnosis, but I decided to try to learn hypnosis never the less. I went to the library of a university and lent some of the books. I read trough them and learned nothing new. No luck there, so I wanted to get a few more. This time I did not go the general university library, but to the one of the physiology department. I looked around and found a very old book about hypnosis. It was so old, and written in such old language that no one hat lent it for over 20 years. I took it home with me and started to read in it on the bus ride home.
The book somehow seemed to read itself into my mind. Every page I saw burned itself into my memory. Not the notion of hypnosis, but of mind projection and reading. Though the book consisted of more than five thousand pages, I had it all in my head in less than thirty minutes. Of course I decided to try it out immediately.
I was sitting beside a girl wearing brown pants and I wanted to see her wet them. I snapped my fingers and started to project thoughts in her mind.
[Note: the italic text is thought, the bold italic text is projected thought]
'You notice you have to pee. I hope I can make it home. Suddenly the thought crosses your mind. What would it feel like if you wet your pants? No, I could never do that. At least, not in public. What am I thinking, why am I even thinking about wetting my pants? Because it would feel so good! No, it would not. How do you know, have you ever done it before? No, but it would feel wet and dirty! A nice kind of dirty, nice warm and wet. And the piss would tickle your clitoris. I bet you would like it, I bet you would get a nice orgasm out of it! Okay, it would most probably feel nice, and a good orgasm is always welcome. But I am an adult; I cannot go about pissing my pants. Why not? If you are an adult, you can do whatever you want. You are in control and you decide what you do! It would be a tremendous feeling of freedom to just wet your pants. I am not going to wet my pants on this bus. I am not going to wet my pants on this bus! Alright, I'll piss my pants when I get home, but not now, not here.
I couldn't believe it. I had been in the mind of this girl I had never ever met, I knew her thoughts, and I manipulated her into wetting her pants when she got home. Before I started she never even considered doing such a thing, now she had resigned to the idea of wetting her pants as soon as she got home. What a power, what a find! As I was sitting there thinking about what had happened, I decided to see if I could hear her mind without projecting my thoughts.
'O wow, how am I going to do it? Just sit with all my clothes on while on the toilet? Standing in the shower? When opening the door? Watching television on the couch? Or right now, right here? No, not here, I'm not going to wet my pants here! But what would be the difference? Everyone would see me do it; everyone will know what I have done when I walk home! No they won't, your coat will hang over your bum and peeing sitting down will not wet your legs! No one would see! But everyone in the bus will, especially the man sitting beside me. No he won't, he is too busy reading his book, and even if he would notice, you don't know him, you'll never meet him again. Now, wouldn't it be a real turn on to wet yourself, right here, right now? Perhaps, but what if someone starts laughing at me? You don't know anyone on this bus, do you? Well, no, and you will most likely never see them again, right? That is true, but to wet myself on the bus – I would think it was already bold enough that I have decided to deliberately wet myself when I get home. Now I am trying to convince myself to do it right here, in the bus. Well, I know I'll either be fighting the urge to wet myself in the bus all the way home or give in. Okay, let's compromise. I'll wet myself enough to feel the wetness and see it, and the rest I'll do at home.
With that she spread her legs a bit, looked around and then looked down to her crotch. I couldn't believe my eyes, she was going to do it, right here and now. I watched her and suddenly her expression changed from anticipation to wonder and surprise. I knew she had started, and then there was the tell tale spot! She did it! She actually did it! I needed to reward her for this.
'ORGASM '
She came instantly– I read her mind again:
'Oh, wow, that was the best orgasm I ever had! I don't care who will see what, I'm going to finish. Ahhhhh'
Suddenly a river poured from her pants, she had let go of her bladder and was enjoying every second of it. As I watched her face I saw and heard her orgasm at least four more times.
'Wow, why haven't I ever done this before? I know I'm going to do this more often, if not in public, then at least at home. Perhaps I'll even try to explain it to some of my friends...'
At that moment my stop came up and I got off of the bus. But wow, what a trip!!! I really enjoyed my new powers.
JJ ( email is welcome... JJ is male... just click on his name)