Real Story!

by luke1980

This is a real story that happened some years ago when I was at the university.

One day I was in class when a friend of mine (a beautyfull girl of 22, dark hair, very slim) said me that she had to go very bad! (12.30pm). After 10 minutes the lesson ended but she had to go to the secretary's office so she had to hold it. When she came back another lesson had started yet. She told to me she had to no time to go pee and her bladder was very very full. After 50 minutes the lesson ended but she had to go to an interview with a professor! (14.00pm). She told me her bladder was near to explode but she had no time to pee.

"I hope I can hold all this pee some more time!!" she told me. She entered the office at 14.10 and she came out at 16.30! She told she had to go so bad that her bladder hurts and the pressure was so incredible she had to unzip her jeans and couldn't walk very fast. She had no lucky because the toilet in that area closed at 16 for cleaning.

She decided to go to the station and peed there. But when we arrived our train was leaving and she decided to hold! I don't know how she could hold so much pee for so long but at 17.45 we arrived and she told me her bladder was bursting and she had to pee for not explode! we went to the toilet with only one stall so she had to hold again and told me she had a lot of pain! at 17.55 she peed: it was like a torrent and peed for 2 minutes! incredible!

Comments:

PeterP13:

Hi Luke, a fascinating story!

Most women don't talk so much about peeing when they decide to hold it in for longer. But this girl fortunately did.

What would you estimate, when she started to need to pee? At 12:30 she had "to go very bad!" - so she held it for some time then. And as we know she was a strong and brave holder...

Do you know if this was her morning coffee?

Did she drink more in the morning (before this lesson)?

Do you know, if she peed that day (after reaching university)?

And a last question: Did she hold a bursting bladder more often? (e.g. many hours in pubs or discothecs).

Please tell us more about this fascinating girl :-)

Peter: I think she never pee that day: I never see her pee at the university! she hate public toilet. I know she drenk a bottle of water (500ml) during the whole day but I don't know if she had coffe in the morning. I met her at 8.30 so I think she peed at 7.30; she probably started to feel the need at 11.30. 

one day we study at the park the whole day (11 am till 17pm) and she never told something about a need to pee, but her bladder was quite full probably

PeterP13: If she was used to hold her morning coffee and all she drank at the university all day (7:00/7:30 am to 5:00/5:30 pm = 9.5..10.5 hrs), and she needed "to go very bad!" at 12:30 that special day, she will have had a really overfilled bladder that noon and will be more than painful and bursting in the evening...

Would be nice to go for a weekend with such a woman, who really desn't like any public toilets :-)

How strong will her bladder at an age of 30 or 35 ???

By the way, Luke, where do you live? You - same as me - are not a native English writer. Right? I am from Europe, you too? (24 hours clock system, etc.)

Peter: I'm from italy peter...and you?

