Desperate Heather
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

One night I was at this club when this hot, sexy chick with short, blonde curly hair and a red blouse and dark skirt came in. When I first spotted her, she was chatting with this one guy and noticed a little smile come my way. Next, I saw her talking to this other guy and were deep in conversation so I paid no more mind and turned to see the band play and some of the hotties dancing.

Next thing I knew I felt someone's hand on my butt, when I turned around, it was her. I said a shy 'Hi' to her.

She says 'Hi, you're cute.'

I answered 'thank you, so are you.'

She introduced herself as Heather and we pretty much spent the night drinking and flirting with each other.

When the bar closed, she invited me to come home with her and that was where the magic happened.

A few minutes after we got to Heather's apartment, she said 'I have a little secret I need to tell you, and please don't hold it against me.'

'You're not a guy, are you?' she giggled.

'No silly. Why would you think that?'

'Sorry, bad joke,' she said. 'Well, I like to get desperate and wet myself.'

Feeling my dick get hard, I thought, 'Wow, my kind of woman.'

"What? My God, that's... that's amazing. I want to see you get desperate and wet yourself!"

She sighed in relief. 'You're cool. My last boyfriend broke up with me over that. He couldn't handle it.'

'No way,' I said. 'What a loser.'

She laughed and agreed.

I asked Heather, 'Do you have to go now?'

'She answered, 'A little. Just let me get good and desperate.'

'I asked her why she didn't want to just let it go now.

She said, 'Nah, I like to wait till the last minute till it comes out on its own. It's more fun and kinky.'

"Maybe, but I just can't wait to see you wet.'

'Well, I guess you need to learn to be more patient.'

I told myself it may be a long night so I'd better get comfortable.

She led me into her bedroom then asked me in a daring voice, 'What would you like to do to me when I'm nice and wet?'.

I decided to teaste her back. 'I'm not sure. You'll have to wait and see.' I paused, then added, "In the meantime, I'd like to hear some sexy talk. Nothing turns me on more than a sexy chick with kinky language while desperate to pee.'

She laughed and said, 'Okay, let's see.'

She started off with hand gestures and came a little closer to me. She gave me a big, wet kiss on the lips and asked, 'Have you been naughty lately?'

'Not as naughty as you, apparently.'

'That's too bad. I was gonna spank your sexy butt. Please do something wrong, bad boy. That turns me on big time.'

I started unbuttoning her blouse and put my hand in her bra and felt her bare tits. She teased 'wait a minute. That's third base, and that definitely deserves a whack.'

She lightly smacked my butt and I couldn't help but get hard again. She said, 'Do you want to spank me?'

I promised 'when you're bad, I will. Right now, I need a drink.'

Heather asked in a low, seductive voice, 'Am I making you hot?'

'Yep, you are.'

'Good. There's beer in the fridge. Help yourself, but don't be long.'

I went into her kitchen, grabbed a couple cans of beer, and went back to her room to find her laying on her bed with her blouse off, holding her bladder and pulling her legs together. She was clearly starting to get desperate.

When I handed her the beer, she said, 'What's this? You don't give a desperate girl a beer. That's not fair. Now I need to spank you again.'

She slapped my butt for a second time and giggled.

I shrugged 'I don't know. I just wanted to add to your desperation.'

She smiled. 'Hey, not a bad idea. What better way to make me pee?'

I took a sip of my beer and she gulped a mouthful from her can. 'Mmm, good,' she said, then took another long sip. 'Oh! I think I need to go a little more now.'

When we eventually finished our beers, she laid down on the bed and whispered, 'Come here and join me.' Then she squeezed her thigh and said with a gasp in her voice, 'Oh my God! I almost lost it for a second.'

She giggled and added, 'Hmmm, why don't you hold it for me?'

She grabbed my hand and stuck it right on her about-to-be-wet pussy. I started to slide my finger in Heather's vagina but she stopped me.

'Hey! No cheating, I'll have to spank you again. Or even worse, I'll get up and use the bathroom.'

'Oh no you don't.'

'Then behave,' she reprimanded.

We started to seriously make out then, and after a few minutes, Heather whispered in my ear, 'I think I lost a drop or two. I'll be soaking wet soon.'

My erection came on suddenly, and Heather grabbed my dick. 'Ooh, it's pretty big," she whispered. 'I like that in a man. I hope you plan to use it tonight? I get sooo horny when I'm wet.'

Myself, I could not have been any hornier!

We started kissing again as she started moving below me. Heather finally gasped out, 'I can't hold it much longer! I feel it coming out!'

I saw a little sprinkle appear on her skirt, then she added, 'Oh! My panties are starting to get soaked. I think my time's up!'

A few seconds later, pee started streaming out of her while she moaned with unbridled glee. I tried everything in my power to contain myself until she was done. I watched as she totally drenched her skirt and panties. She smiled at me and asked, 'Sooo, was it good for you as it was for me?'

'Baby, definitely.'

'Ok, why don't you undress me and get on top.'

I promptly did as she asked, and we had one hell of a night.

