Ashley was a junior in high school and she was going on a big date with a guy named Josh. Really big news in our school, it spread like wildfire. This to my knowledge happened in less than three hours and the school had over 8 hundred students. This was hot news because Ashley was the head of the cheerleading squad and Josh was the captain of the football team. Well the fame and popularity of this date was skyrocketing by the minute and Ashley was getting nervous because all she heard about was how this is going to stake your social reputation for the rest of your high school life. She, of course, was stressing real bad and she was drinking pop, water, and tea non–stop or so it seemed to her; it only got worse as the big date came closer. You see, she was asked out on a Monday and the date was that Saturday. Back to our story– she was so stressed out by Thursday that she could not function at cheerleading practice. On Friday the talking did not subside; it seemed to get worse. At the football game she was hitting all the wrong moves but no one even noticed, the game ended on a high note– the team was lead to victory by Josh. It was a shut out 42 – 0. All day Saturday it was non stop water. The time came the date was commencing at an Olive Garden restaurant and as they ate she gulped 6 glasses of pop down. Then he took her to see a movie and by now she had the urge to pee real bad but she did not dare go because of the stories she had heard of girls going to the bathroom during a big date. They were social killers; so she held it. 60 minutes later she had her hand in her crotch and legs crossed, she was getting very uncomfortable and after another 30 minutes passed she was bursting and thinking that if the movie didn't end soon she would pee her pants. After another 15 minutes passed and she was now rubbing herself non–stop, she thought "Oh the pain!" She was even more scared when she felt a small spurt of pee in her pants. Then she realized that if he kissed her she was certain to lose control but if she didn't she would be a huge social outcast. 5 more minutes passed and he put his arm around her and she felt a 3 second spurt of pee in her pants, and then a minute later he got closer and closer and at the same time he kissed her and put his hand on her crotch. She started peeing; she soaked the seat and there was a big puddle at her feet. As soon as she started peeing, he recoiled in disgust. 
When the movie was done and they got in the lobby everyone saw her and laughed their heads off. One the way home she had to sit on a towel so as not to ruin his car seat. Halfway home she said apologized to Josh but he said nothing in return. Her fate was sealed. She got home and went to her room and cried her eyes out.
Story Grureu