Title: Carnival Whiz

By: Laura Garner

The Barnstable County Fair was hot, noisy and crowded, even at twilight, but Sam floated high above the throng on a fluffy pink cloud, surrounded by hearts and twittering birdies and cupids. One hour into his first date with Milo, he was so deeply in love he could hardly see straight.

He couldn't believe she'd flirted with him, teased him, and finally asked him to come to the fair with her after work. The foolish, smitten grin would not leave his face; he thought he was going to explode with joy. Cotton-candy-sticky children, sweaty parents, and rude gangs of teenagers pushed by, but all he could see was Milo's mischievous eyes, smooth dark hair hanging down her back, and sensual body cool beneath her hot pink summer dress. She was the most vivacious woman he'd ever met; he tried to enliven his shy nature to match her untamed spirit.

Milo's dark eyes challenged him from under her adorable straw hat. "Want a beer'"

"Sure." Sam, who rarely drank, obligingly stood in line behind a rowdy gang of college boys who ogled Milo and muttered to each other. Sam felt a swell of protectiveness as Milo grabbed his hand. The feel of her palm against his shot right into his groin, where a pleasant tingling caused him to shift slightly.

They sat on a bench holding hands and drinking as the sun set. Sam was happy to sit, as a persistent erection pressed against his jeans. He'd never been so aroused by mere hand-holding; when he boldly imagined kissing her, he felt something seep from his tingling hard-on. Alarmed, he crossed his legs.

Fortunately, Milo was distracted by a blast of Big Band music from a nearby tent. "Oh, I love this song!" she bubbled. "Let's dance!" She finished off her beer and jumped up, trying to pull Sam with her, but he hesitated. "What's wrong' You don't want to dance with me'"

"Of course I do," Sam scoffed. "I haven't finished my beer, is all." And I have an erection you could hang your hat on, he added silently, wondering how he was going to conceal it.

"Well, finish!" She thrust his beer at him and put her hands on her hips. "You still have a lot left; you better chug it." Sam tried to oblige, but hesitated as he remembered how much beer made him pee. He felt a nervous twinge in his bladder at the memory.

Milo leaned over him so he could see the swell of her breasts under her dress. His mouth hung open and she shoved the beer to his lips. "Drink up!" He finished off the quart without protest and let Milo pull him to his feet. As Sam stood, he noticed two things: first, he already had to pee, and second, the bulge in his pants was noticeable. Fortunately the lighting was dim, and Milo took his hands and danced at arm's length, looking around as she swayed and bounced. Sam stared straight at her, trying not to notice how quickly the beer filled his bladder. At least the erection distracted him.

The music changed to a slow, romantic tune. Milo smiled at him and moved in closer. "Mmm, this is so sexy," she murmured, leaning against his shoulder and swaying. His penis throbbed with excitement, but his bladder throbbed even harder as cheap beer flew through his kidneys. He glanced around nervously. It was dim and there were enough bushes that he could probably get away with a hasty pee, but what would he say to Milo'

He felt her belly press against his hard-on and closed his eyes as the pressure squashed his aching bladder. Milo gasped in his ear, and he realized she was looking over his shoulder at something. "Ooh, the Ferris wheel is all lit up! Let's go!"

Sam nearly lost control at the suggestion, but caught himself just in time. He couldn't confess his intense fear of heights in front of this intrepid creature. He forced a scornful laugh. "Rides are for kids."

"Then I'm a kid," Milo laughed. "Come on, you aren't scared, are you'"

"No way!"

"Well, let's go! The line's already long." When Sam hesitated, floundering for a plausible excuse and a way to relieve his insistent need to pee, Milo pressed against him again and murmured warmly, " Come on, little boy, don't you want a kiss' When we get to the top of that Ferris wheel, I'm gonna give you the best kiss you ever had in your life."

What could he say' He'd wanted Milo so badly for so long, and here she was promising to kiss him. He also wanted desperately to excuse himself and run for the bushes, but he didn't want to leave Milo. Besides, hard as he was, he didn't think he'd be able to pee. So he gritted his teeth behind his permanent grin and let her lead him to the end of the long, noisy line.

To distract himself, he boldly put his hand on Milo's back. He expected to feel a bra, but no telltale indentations greeted his hand. When he glanced at Milo's face, she smirked and beckoned him closer. "I don't wear undies in the summer," she whispered. "They just get in the way." She turned to face him, up close, and pulled the neck of her dress out slightly. "See'"

He could see all the way down her dress and she wasn't lying. Round, firm breasts and a tuft of dark hair were her only adornments under the soft cotton. His penis swelled and ached for release; as he tried to kiss her he felt more lubrication escape. At least, he hoped it was lubrication.

"Ewww, get a room," a grossed-out adolescent voice sneered, snapping Sam out of his spell. Milo moved away and Sam realized he'd leaked a bit more obviously this time; the pimply teen guffawed and whispered loudly to his friends, who turned to stare at Sam's damp crotch. "Guy came in his pants," nasty voices snickered. Milo pretended not to hear, and Sam's hard-on dwindled enough to make him painfully aware of how distended his bladder had become. Still red-faced, Sam glanced around quickly for a Porta-john or some bushes, but they'd progressed so far up the line that they were inside the rails now. He chewed his lips in consternation, hoping he wasn't going to leak anything else.

Next to him, Milo crossed her slim tanned legs and looked up teasingly. "That awful beer went right through me," she murmured with a little smile, as if this were a come-on.

Immediately Sam grew hopeful. "You want to find a ladies' room'"

She grimaced. "They're so filthy here. I'll hold it." She crossed her legs even more tightly and bent a little; her firm butt moved sexily against the soft cotton sheath.

"You sure'" Sam prayed that she'd change her mind; the Ferris wheel was slowing and they'd be getting locked in any minute. The thought made his heart and bladder pound anxiously, he chewed his lips again and fought the urge to grab himself.

"Yeah. Anyway, our ride's next. Just don't scare me up there." She smiled tantalizingly and pressed her hand near her crotch. "Or I'll pee all over the place."

Sam involuntarily squeezed his thighs together and bent his knees; he was afraid he might do the same any minute. The pressure was growing to the point that he would have to cross his legs or hold onto himself in very short order.

The movement didn't escape Milo. "You too'"

"Not really," he lied, embarrassed but determined to be manly. "Am I still going to get a kiss'" he asked, trying to sound suave and falling a bit flat. He noticed with a shock that they were next in line. His terror and the nagging of his bladder increased in tandem.

"Come on, folks, I ain't got all night," the tattooed carny barked as he swung open the gate on the next car. Milo stepped in gracefully and sat, patting the seat next to her invitingly. Sam swallowed dryly and thought he was going to wet himself right then and there, but with a glazed smile he slipped in beside Milo. He was dying to cross his legs, but the carny slammed the bar down and the car swung back with terrifying speed. Only desperate clenching of his sphincter saved Sam from disaster.

Milo laughed and squirmed frantically on the seat, obviously very excited. "Oh my God, I really have to pee!" She bounced up and down, causing the seat to swing as it jerked to a stop to let the next passengers on. Sam clutched the rail and bit his tongue to keep from screaming; Milo twittered on, oblivious to his panic. "I swear that whole beer wants out NOW."

"Can we get out'" Sam asked, breathless with fear. Now that his erection was completely gone, there was very little to keep his bladder from bursting, and the jerky movement jarred it mercilessly.

"No, of course not!" Milo giggled, jouncing in the seat and pressing her hands into her lap. "Ooh, I have to go so bad!"

Sam slid his own hand between his legs and squeezed his thighs together tensely. "Stop," he pleaded.

"Do you have to, too'" Milo licked her lips and her eyes glistened with excitement.

"No," Sam said shortly, but the car swung upwards again and he only avoided wetting himself by grabbing his dick, revealing his denial.

Milo pointed and giggled cruelly. "Yes you do! You're as bad off as I am, aren't you'"

As the chair lurched to the top, Sam's terror kicked into high gear. Without thinking he squeezed his penis as hard as he could, whimpering with fear and pain. Milo shoved her hands between her clamped thighs and made a little hissing noise through her teeth. "Oh no," she yelped. "I almost peed!" She jumped around on the seat again and it rocked scarily as the Ferris wheel whirred into fast, terrifying motion.

"Stop jumping!" Sam sobbed, clutching himself frantically. Despite his efforts, he felt his jeans dampen slightly under his fingers. But in his own struggle for control, he shook the car as well, just as they went by the carny.

"Hey! No swinging the seats!" the carny bawled at him as the car swung backwards and upwards again. Sam felt pee seeping towards the opening, and he clamped down hard.

Milo's slim legs were just able to cross under the bar, and she kept her hand wedged between her legs. "Still want that kiss'" she asked naughtily, then she noticed the tears in Sam's eyes and her tone changed to concern. "Aw, sweetie, what's the matter'"

Sam forced a sharp, hysterical laugh. "I have to ... pee ... so bad," he managed to gasp out.

Milo bit her lip and squirmed violently. "You and me both." As they neared the top, she carefully pulled her dress out from under her and arranged it neatly around her. "Just in case," she explained. "I really don't think I'm going to make it and I don't want to ruin my dress ' Ooh! Oh, no..." To Sam's shock, liquid trickled off the seat between her legs; Milo bit her lips and rocked her head. "Ooh, that felt good, but ... I feel like there's a whole lake in there."

Feeling like the entire ocean was pounding inside his bladder, Sam squeezed his eyes and legs shut as hard as he could and tried pinch his penis shut. A few drips dampened his fingers and he whimpered with pain and humiliation.

"Oh, God, here comes more," Milo squeaked. Another trickle splattered between her feet. As the chair started its upward arc again, Milo lifted her dress slightly just as a spurt gushed out of her and dripped onto the floor. She managed to shut it off before they were back in view of the crowds. "Aaaahhhh, that helped," she murmured sensuously. "Why don't you try that'"

Hopefully, Sam considered this, then remembered the law. "I can't ... I can't take it out in public!" As the chair lurched downwards, Sam felt a trembling sensation at the base of his penis as his sphincter begged for mercy. A spurt escaped before he could stop it, warming the inside of his leg and causing him to flush with horror.

"Oh, honey, that's going to show," Milo observed as the pee streaked his jeans. "Here, let me help." She leaned over and planted the warmest, sweetest kiss imaginable on Sam's mouth. Her hand slipped down and caressed his damp fly, trying to coax his erection back, but his terror and pain were too strong. He tried to return the kiss with all the passion he felt for her, but the agony in his bladder blocked out every other need and desire other than to PEE.

"You gonna make it'" she asked as more pee gushed out of her.

"Oh God ... I have to pee ... I have to pee ..." Sam chanted inanely as he clutched his groin. Another spurt streaked the inside of his leg before he clamped it off. He knew the next one wouldn't stop.

Their chair swung to a stop by the carny, who took one look at the puddle and screamed, "What the hell happened here'"

Milo dimpled apologetically. "I had a little accident," she whispered. "I'm so sorry." She handed the man a five as Sam eased gingerly out of the chair, afraid to straighten up, and inched his way out of the bright carnival lights. His behavior made him appear ill, so the crowd parted.

Milo guided him to a dark patch of trees near the Ferris wheel. "It's okay, hon, we can pee here, no one'll see. I still have plenty left." She lifted her dress slightly, parted her legs, with a sigh, released a gushing torrent onto the grass.

Feeling his bladder constrict at Milo's splashing, Sam grasped his fly, but found he had to straighten up to unzip. With tense, fearful movements, he slowly straightened his back. The pounding in his bladder increased to agonizing proportions. Still splattering suggestively, Milo glanced over and asked, "Why don't you hurry'"

With a sudden move, Sam jerked upright and tried to yank his fly down, but the throbbing in his groin grew so intense that he buckled over again. Pee burned through his urethra and started to trickle out. "Oh God," he whimpered as the leak grew from spurt to flood in a matter of seconds. There was nothing to be done now; he just crouched as his bladder emptied itself forcefully all over his jeans - right before Milo's beautiful, staring eyes.

When he managed to look up, he noticed her legs were still parted. One hand still lifted her dress, but her other hand reached underneath and rubbed frantically as she stared at Sam's drenched jeans. "Oh God," she gasped. "Come here. Quick!"

Sam sloshed over to her, crestfallen and puzzled. She grabbed his hand and jammed it between her legs, rubbing herself furiously against him and kissing him passionately. Although Sam's brain couldn't figure it out, his penis could - it hardened inside his dripping jeans. Milo pulled Sam further off toward the trees, then unzipped his fly at last and withdrew his raging hard-on. She licked the pee off it with her eager tongue. Drops of pre-cum oozed out and Sam almost wept with desire. Milo pushed him down onto the grass and straddled him, piercing herself with his aching dick just before his orgasm started in earnest. Both gasped and sobbed and moaned with unbearable relief as their climaxes smashed through them. 

