Subject: Jill's bus accident

From: Jack

Hi,

As promised, below is Jill's story about the first time she wet her pants in public. It is true. She says she was desperate a lot, but wet only one other time. Maybe she will write about it in the future. She is a better writer than I am. Enjoy.

Jack

My Bus Trip (by Jill)

When I was a Freshmen, I was on the track team. I was 16 years old at the time when we had gone to our first away track meet. I always liked taking school trips out of town, but I never thought we'd be taking a school bus. Well- we did.

We were supposed to leave for our track meet right after school. We got out of school at 1:50p.m. and everyone rushed to get on the bus. I was excited and wanted to get a can of soda first, before we had taken our bus ride. It was hot and I was really thirsty. When I got on the bus I realized that I had not gone to the bathroom all day since that morning when I got up. That was about 6:00a.m. I always made sure that I let every little squirt out until nothing else could come out before I went on any rode trips. Somehow I forgot to go, and when I got on the bus I remembered that I should have gone before I got on. 

It was about 2:15p.m. and we were about to leave. I opened up my soda and began drinking it. I thought to myself, "I'm sure I'll make it. I don't have to go that bad." But then I thought, "well...maybe I should have gone just in case something bad were to happen to me."

The bus finally left and we all just sat there drinking and talking to one another. I was gulping down my soda like I was dehydrated. We were probably about half way there when my soda started to hit me at the other end. I was getting really nervous and I said to myself, "There's nothing to worry about...really." I took a few more sips and tried to relaxed myself. I was almost finished with my soda. I had maybe two big sips left, so I slammed the rest of my soda and set it down next to me. I started to feel pain in my stomach as I pressed my legs very tightly together.

I looked out the window to put my mind on something else. That didn't work, so I had to try something else. I leaned forward against the seat in front of me and closed my eyes hoping that if I had fallen asleep, time would have gone by a lot quicker. It helped a little, but my bladder began to fill up really fast. I didn't know what to say or do, but I had to hide it the best that I could.

I knew we were almost there, but I couldn't wait any longer. I moved my hips from side to side very slowly, hoping that know one would have noticed me. Then I leaned forward again and tried to fall asleep. "This is impossible!" I thought to myself. I started bucking my hips a little. Then I moved my butt around in circles. I tried everything I could think of at the time. I had to keep squirming around in my seat, because if I had stopped- I would have started to pee in my panties.

Well, we were just about there and I was really squirming around fast. I was so excited that we had finally arrived. I kept sliding back and forth in my seat, hoping that our coach would let us get off the bus. He got up and said that he had a few things to say to us before we could get off the bus. By then, I could not hold back any longer. I started twitching slowly and then faster. I was twitching so fast that I started to squirt a little.

Then I squirted a little more a few seconds later. It was uncontrollable. I tried to stop it, but I couldn't. It just kept coming out in little squirts- one after another. (squirt...squirt...squirt...) My shorts felt really damp and I was feeling a little weird. I was so afraid that it wasn't ever going to end. My seat was wet and my butt kept sliding around on it. I was still squirting more out as I quickly bucked my hips trying to stop it. 

We were finally allowed to get off the bus. I pulled out my shirt and I had stopped peeing at the time. I had let so much out that I was a little bit relieved. I slowly lifted up from the seat acting like nothing was wrong. I grabbed my bag and held it behind me, trying to cover up my dripping wet butt. I hurried off the bus hoping that no one would see what I did and think that it was me, (if someone would have noticed my wet seat). I walked quickly into the bathrooms where everyone was headed for, to change their clothes and pee if they had to. I peed the rest out and said to myself, "I can't believe I peed in my pants."

Then I thought, "...and even on the school bus." My shorts were so wet, but I didn't have another pair to run in. I had to let them air dry. I sat on the bench during our track meet, and did not move until I had to run (which was about two hours later). I never felt so embarrassed in my whole life. I never heard anything about it after that. So I guess no one ever knew about it, because no one said a thing to me.

