My English is not perfect because I live here in North Europe. However I found your site and I thought I would write my own true experiences. First thing was an accident that happened to my girlfriend few years ago. I saw it and after that occasion I have been interested and also little excited about this subject. I really enjoy if that happens to other young women, but after that one accident I have not seen that kind of wetting event. Close situations many times (club lines and taxi lines in the night for example), but not really wetting accidents. I never thought I could accidentally pee my pants myself. Now I know it is possible too. It is so humiliating when it happens to a grown human being (like me)!
I call myself Lizzy. My real name is not important. When I was younger my friends told me I'm like Lizzy McGuire (Hillary Duffs role character in her series). I am a common North European, long– (blond, but not totally blond) haired, quite short and curvy young woman. Not as pretty as Hillary I think, but maybe they saw my rather big eyes, habits, happiness and same kind of personality than Lizzy in that series had. I will change all the other names in my story too to completely different and short "English" names.
OK, it was one afternoon few years ago I had a riding lesson in the edge of our city. My girlfriend and her little sister (only one year younger than she is– probably around 18) were there too. They were just spending their time, looking how I was riding and looking at the horses. At the same time they drank some soda on the grass near the horse stalls. Both sisters were pretty, normal height, slim, short– and "boy haired" girls. And after few years they still are! That time my girlfriend and I were studying at the same university in the same city we were born and we still lived under the same roof with our parents. I had taken riding lessons since I was a little kid and my friends were very interested about horses too, but they could not ride a horse. My father had driven us there straight after our studies, because the stalls were on the other side of city and none of us could afford a driving license or vehicle. He also was supposed to take us home with his car after my one and a half hour lesson. My girlfriend Rita (not her real name) was very nervous the whole time. I saw it even while I was on the horse, while I was riding. However she never asked me to help her and show her the way to a women's room before we left the stalls. I thought she might also have had a little bit of a cold or something else, because she was so nervous and shivery. It would have been odd to ask someone of her age if she needed to pee before we left! 
When my lesson was over we left towards the bus stop. My dad was supposed to pick us up there. One bus passed us after about ten– fifteen minutes. We just talked and waited. After a while, Rita was more and more desperate and she was stepping and shivering much more whole time. Now I knew she really needed to pee. She started asking how long it might take to get home in my dad's car. Finally she also admitted to us that she really had to pee soon. She had thought we would go straight home with dad's car, but time was running on and nothing happened. Then my dad called and apologized to me that he couldn't come after all. He said he had had to go back to his working place immediately. That was very common in his job. He said also that we should go home ourselves on the bus. We had tickets anyway due to our studies.
Rita had continued to hop around and then she sat on the bench, but soon was stepping and hopping again. The whole area was full of yards and houses. Rita has always been brave, clever, sporty and kind of a "boy girl". She wasn't ashamed to go into the bushes to take care of business. But there was no place to go to the "bushes". I told her that she should go back to stalls where there were clean and free toilets (few hundred meters back). Rita's sister Tara (also made up name) said that it would take time and she wanted to leave on the next bus! Rita was solid young woman and she had decided to fight till we were home. She even said that she had always had a good bladder. We could only laugh at her words. We didn't know what would happen to her. 
Finally the next bus arrived. Rita sat on the bus seat behind Tara and me and the whole trip to the center was fine I think. In the middle of the city we had to change buses to get to get to our home and Rita was very desperate again. Now she couldn't even walk properly. Her face was red because people were staring at her at the bus stop. Everybody saw what was wrong and she said that she had to find a toilet now or she would wet her pants! We did not see any shops, pubs or public toilets nearby and she couldn't even walk any more. There were only offices and private houses. The bus came and we stepped on.
Rita was very quiet the whole time while sitting with her hands between her legs. When we left the bus together Rita walked behind us keeping her purse in front of her crotch area. She was quiet and her lower lip was shivering. I had never seen her crying before, but now she was obviously very near. I was looking at the people behind us and it would not be too hard to guess what was happening. I can only assume how awkward and terrible that situation must have been for her! The crowd walking behind her was looking amused. They were looking down at her low–waisted light blue Miss Sixty Tommy's which were changing their color to dark blue more and more... Front and back. Soon there were only few dry areas. Mostly above her pockets and the outer sides of her legs. Even her red and white tennis shoes were wet. We didn't laugh then. We could not help her cover her wet pants better, because we all had only short, tight T–shirts and jeans (and I of course, had my riding pants). When we arrived at their apartment and she went in, I heard even through the outside door her mother's voice screaming inside: "Young women! What the h... has happened to you?" That was a very strange afternoon. I couldn't believe it had been Rita. All these years I had known so many giggling Barbie– Blondie– girls and Rita, the sensible girl, was the one of my friends who had just totally pissed her pants while she was walking home on the road! It really can happen to any of us... but not to me :).
Rita was so hot in those wet elastic jeans! And I have told her this when we met about a month ago at the club. I also told her about my own mistake and my wet accident this winter! Rita just laughed at me and said that these things you never forget and that it never happens twice. I agreed. She said that in her opinion the worse thing was that her younger sister saw whole thing and every human being she knows is well informed about her accident– including her later boyfriends. And she said that she wouldn't tell anyone about my accident. But it is not so serious if she tells.
So, my case... Last winter I had stayed shopping in the city after work. I had to pee, because it was before my lunch hour when I had peed last time. It was after Christmas and at that time here in our country (and our city) is a big sale season and all the shopping centers and the public toilets in those centers were really full. I was very sure I could hold my peepee until I got home.
When I finally got home I heard our dog jumping against the door. I was opening the door with my legs crossed. As I said, I hadn't done "it" after lunch and I was really bursting, but so was our doggie too. My boyfriend (and my future husband maybe) was not home yet. We had agreed the other day that he will take care our pet, because I would be out for a long time in the evening. I was dressed like I normally am in wintertime. I had almost knee high tight leather snow boots and stretch jeans with a warm winter jacket on. So I thought it would be easier to take our pet out first quickly and after that undress and relieve my own pain. My doggie is a real donkey sometimes that and short walk took a long, long time. I was mad at my boyfriend when he called me. I was trying to drag the dog home, who only peed short squirts once and a while (it didn't help me). At the same time I tried to talk on my cell phone and hold my pee inside my bladder. 
I had never been so close to my limit. The pressure was really huge and now I knew what desperation really felt like! Never been worse. Still I believed there was no danger that I would wet myself! I was near our house and our own toilet.
Then I saw two neighborhood girls who sometimes talk with me when I am out with my dog. I thought, "Oh my God, don't come here", but they did. I tried to get out of the conversation soon, but they wanted to take my dog out with them some day to a long walk they used to go on now and then. I really don't want to be rude to anyone. Never. I also didn't want to tell them that I was dying to pee and I tried to stand still and hide my desperation. Somehow my concentration was lost for a moment, I don't know. Maybe the pressure was too high. Never been there. Next thing I felt was that pee was running out down my legs and through my pants! It just came and came and I couldn't stop the flow! It was dark winter evening and I had my Ebba jeans on. The inner sides of their thighs were dark blue and only on the front of them are they lighter, almost white. I tried to stay calm, but I saw the girls' faces and I knew they understood what was happening. Maybe they heard the flooding sound from between my legs. The weather was very cold and freezing and maybe they could see my warmer wet jeans vaporizing under the light of the street lamp. However, one of the girls said: "Oops, you should go inside." I said something "Yeah" or nothing at all. I was quite "out" and I don't remember clearly what happened next. All I remember is hearing the girls' giggling voices behind me. To them I probably will always be "The dog woman who pissed her pants in front of us."
Next thing I remember is that I was hurrying home and hoping my neighbors and especially my boyfriend would not see me in my wet jeans. Then I immediately washed my pants and had a very long shower. This humiliating accident is one of those things I never talk about to my future husband... But I sure can talk to my good friend Rita who also had been there...
Best Wishes from Lizzy :)
By: Lizzy