Title: The Wet Nurse

By: Paul Tester

Carol hurried into the nurses changing rooms; she would just have time to change into her uniform, drink a mug of strong coffee, and get to her ward on time. Walking quickly down the main corridor, she sucked two mints to disguise that she had come straight from the pub. It was her brother-in law's birthday, and a lunch-time drink was the only chance she had of celebrating with him. Maybe she shouldn't have had that last pint, but there wasn't going to be much for her to do on a Sunday afternoon shift. As she turned the corner to the ward with 30 seconds to spare, she found Elaine Leadbeater, the senior ward sister, waiting for her.

"No ward work today," she began, "we have to supply a team of nurses for the carnival and concert at Westchester. They should have come from St Anne's, but they are short this afternoon, so we have to make up the numbers. They have set up a combination first aid tent and recruiting stand, but they are due off duty at three. Everyone else was here half an hour ago, ready and waiting in the hospital mini-coach. I've been trying to phone you to get you here early as well."

She began to walk quickly towards the car park, almost pushing Carol in front of her. They were at the end of the corridor before Carol realised that she was about to be swept onto the coach before she could pee, very necessary after her lunch-time in the pub.

"Just going to the loo, I won't be a minute." She dodged round Elaine and towards the nearest ladies loo, ignoring the remark about 'a bit of self control, only a short trip.' Elaine, a strict, traditional, middle aged career nurse, didn't like Carol, who was Afro-Caribbean, very proud to be black and convinced of her superiority over whites. This time, for once, she was not deliberately being difficult to annoy Elaine, she genuinely needed a loo rather urgently, and nobody in their right mind would consider starting a coach journey with a full bladder.

Once the coach was out on the main road, Elaine had calmed down enough to explain to Carol exactly what they were to be doing. It sounded far better than a dull afternoon on the ward, with a chance to see the concert afterwards for free. Some off-duty nurses had come along with just this in mind. So far as Carol could see, there was only one problem. It was going to take at least an hour to get to the carnival, and she was probably going to need the loo again by then. She had drunk three pints of lager in the pub, a large mug of coffee while changing, and the normal tea and coffee of a lazy Sunday morning at home.

Since she started drinking, she had only had the one pee, just before the coach left. Her intake had been three and a half pints of diuretic liquids, the equivalent of at least four pints of pee, and her output less than a pint. The coach had better get a move on. How much could her bladder hold, when really pushed? Two pints? Could there possibly be room in her slim body for that much? she thought, visualising a two pint carton of milk.

She joined in the conversation going on round her, trying to concentrate on not thinking about loos or peeing, but in vain. Less than ten minutes after leaving the hospital she felt the unmistakable beginnings of a desire to pee. Carol pressed her thighs together, mentally clenched her bladder shut, and willed the need to go away. If she was already wanting to pee, then in an hour's time she was really going to be in trouble. She told herself very firmly that she could not possibly want to pee yet, and, thank goodness, the urge did go away, at least for the moment.

Another ten minutes, she was wanting to go again, and this time, nothing would make it go away. She pressed her legs together, tensed her bladder muscles, wriggled about on the seat, but nothing made any difference. She wanted to go to the loo, not badly, but enough not to be able to ignore it, and more than enough to be worrying when she was stuck on a coach with no loo. She was more worried five minutes later, when she was wanting to go significantly more. The sooner the journey was over, the better it would be. Carol hadn't lived in the area long, so she asked Becky, who was sitting next to her, if she knew how long the journey would take.

"Over an hour to Westchester," she replied, "and the carnival is the other side of the town, about ten minutes away. Last year the traffic near the park was pretty bad, so it could take a hour and a half to actually get into the arena. That's why Elaine was so angry about you not arriving early like the rest of us. The nurses already there are due off at three o'clock, and we have no chance of being there by then, so their overtime will be charged to her budget."

Carol didn't care a damn about the budget, but she fervently wished that, by some miracle, they could get there in time to relieve the St Anne's nurses at three. They would not be the only ones who would be relieved. The way her bladder was filling up, it would be difficult enough to hold out until three o'clock, and she didn't want to think about having to wait until half past. The hospital coach was far from luxurious, and the seats so close together that it was difficult for a girl as tall as Carol to cross her legs. She was dying to go to the loo, and she needed to do something to take some of the strain off her bladder. She was already pressing her thighs together without much effect, so she tried rubbing her knees together, then knocking the against each other.

Next she pressed thighs, knees, and ankles together and gripped her kneecaps, trying to press herself harder onto the seat. It all helped her wait a bit, but only for a short time, then the effect wore off and she had to try something else to ease the increasing urgency in her bladder. Finally she admitted defeat, and turned sideways, putting her legs out into the aisle, crossed them tightly and then sat straight again. Her knees were pressed uncomfortably against the seat in front, but she didn't care about that because she didn't want to pee half so badly.

For the next half hour, Carol experimented with every technique she had ever known for discreetly holding back her pee. It wasn't just that she was bursting and had to hold on. The combination of lager and coffee seemed to have made her kidneys hyperactive and her need to pee was getting more urgent every minute. By three o'clock they were still nowhere near the carnival, but she was absolutely frantic for a pee.

She was sitting with her right leg folded under her, the heel pressed against her pussy, but even so it was becoming a real struggle to hold. With both hands linked under her right shin, she could pull her heel harder into her crutch, but this was almost the last resort, and if she couldn't get to a loo soon, she was going to be in serious danger of wetting herself. Squirming about on her heel, sometimes shuddering with the effort she was making to hold it, she was reaching the end of her tether. Finally, accepting that she was close to losing control and wetting her knickers, she could do only one thing; hold between her legs.

This entailed more squirming about as she moved off her heel and crossed her legs again. Quickly her right hand was pushed down into her crutch, and her left arm across her lap to try and hide what she was doing. She slowly rubbed her fingers against her pussy, pressing hard through the fabric of her uniform skirt and skimpy thong knickers. Oh, the relief! It took away so much of the desperate urge she had been fighting to control. If only she could stay like this, she felt she would be able to wait long enough to get to the carnival. If only it wasn't so conspicuous, sitting with her legs twisted in a knot and one hand pressed into her crutch. If only she had her uniform apron on, it would have covered her hand, but she did not have even a newspaper or magazine to cover her lap with.

The shame of having to admit that she could not control her bladder any other way was almost as bad as the desperate need to pee. Worse would be if Elaine saw her holding herself. She knew that Carol had been to the loo before the coach left, and the only reason she would be needing to pee so badly already was because she had been drinking before coming on duty, which was strictly forbidden.

Carol had to try to find some alternative to holding herself. She sat on her hands, using her wrists to press her legs closer together, then trying to reach up between her thighs and press on her pussy from underneath. She couldn't quite reach, and she could not get enough pressure to be effective, worse, the seats were so narrow that there wasn't room to get her right arm down there without knocking against Becky.

Using just one hand was not good enough to stem the rising feeling of desperation. She really had no option, she simply had to hold her pussy, shameful and risky that this was, it was far preferable to the risk of pissing in her knickers and having to walk about with a wet patch on the back of her uniform. The pale blue skirt of a staff nurse might have been designed to reveal if she wet herself. The thought of the disgrace of a wet bottom, and then a sudden frantic need to pee, brought on by the bus hitting some bumps in the road, overcame any further hesitation. She grabbed between her legs with both hands, pressing frantically until she had regained some control, when she could hold with her right hand only, covering her lap with her left.

Becky looked very pointedly at her, and asked if there was anything wrong.

"No, everything's fine," replied Carol, quickly pulling her hand away from her crutch, pretending she had just been adjusting her knickers. Unfortunately, Becky carried on talking to her, and the need to pee became so intense that she had to hold herself again. She could not help herself; either Becky saw her holding her crutch, or she was going to wet herself. There was no point in trying to hide it any more.

"I'm desperate for a loo, Becky," she said, "If I don't do this, I'm probably going to piss myself in the coach."

"Oh Christ!" replied Becky, "it will be at least twenty minutes before we're there. Why don't you ask to stop at a garage or somewhere?"

"I don't dare. I was in the pub with my sister's family all lunch-time. Elaine saw me go to the loo just before we left, so she will guess that if I am desperate so soon after, I must have been drinking, and then I'll be right in it. I've just got to hold out, even if it nearly kills me."

"Try sitting on your heel," suggested Becky, "it works for me, and nobody will notice you doing that."

"I have been for the last fifteen minutes, this is literally the last resort, I don't think I can hold it back any other way. My bladder really is absolutely bursting!" She moved her left hand over her abdomen to demonstrate just how full she was. She could feel her swollen bladder bulging against her skirt. It felt as if it was sticking out about six inches, but in reality it hardly noticed.

Becky hunted through her bag and produced a nursing magazine, which she offered to Carol to cover her holding. While nobody looking closely would have been fooled, it was not so obvious as it had been. She even tried to read some of the articles to make the time pass, but she could not concentrate on anything except wanting to pee. Five minutes, then ten minutes, she held out, and still there weren't in sight of the carnival. She didn't believe it was possible to want to a loo any more desperately that she did and not piss herself, but she had to try and hold on.

Her bladder was really hurting, not the normal dull ache of a full bladder, but something far more intense and painful. Her body was telling her that she was straining it to the limit. 'Pain is your body's way of telling you to stop,' she had been taught. If only she had a chance to stop, or in this case, go, she thought. The hard swollen bulge of her bladder was more pronounced now, showing just how much pee she was holding. If only she could shut her kidneys off until she could get to a loo, she might just about be able to hold on a few more minutes, but if it got any worse, she didn't think she would be able to wait. Never had she wanted a loo so badly, but somehow she had to hold on still longer. She closed her eyes and pressed her fingers even harder into her crutch.

Another ten minutes and they were in sight of the carnival, waiting to turn right into the park. So close, Carol told herself, that she simply had to hold on now she was so near. She would never have believed that she could have waited so long. She was so desperate she was using both hands to hold herself, as well as clenching her bladder shut with all her might. She was right on the brink, absolutely at her limit, the slightest relaxation and she was going to piss herself. She was quivering as she tried to press harder against her crutch and at the same time find some more strength to clamp her bladder shut. So close, she had to hold it now, another minute and she could be in the loo. Her bladder was agony, the rock hard bulge of her abdomen showing just how much pressure she was holding back. If she didn't let go soon she was probably going split open.

"Where's the loos," she appealed to Becky, "can you see any. We must stop close to one, I can't walk far. Oh quick, get a move on, I'm going to die if I don't piss soon." The last remark was addressed in the direction of the driver, who seemed to be taking for ever to turn right. At last they were parked, but it was outside the actual carnival arena, and Elaine was telling them to follow her as she had the passes needed to get them in. Carol was frantic, not only was she not going to be able to get to a loo quickly, but walking in a group with Elaine she might not be able to keep holding her crutch.

"What can I do? I want a loo, I want a loo so badly I can't bear it any longer. Oh please help me find one, I'm going to piss myself if I have to walk far."

The nurses sitting opposite joined with Becky to crowd round Carol as she hobbled off the coach and towards the entrance, forming a screen so she could continue to hold between her legs and not be seen. She made it past the security, whimpering in desperation as she walked, "Quick, where's the loo? Oh quick! I want to piss, I can't wait. Why is it so far? I want to piss, I want to piss!"

Walking was putting an extra strain on her bladder, more strain than she could bear, and she simply could not hold back her pee another second, however hard she was pressing her crutch. In a panic, as she felt the first spurt of leak past her fingers, she stopped and twisted her legs together, pressing both hands against her pussy, in a last despairing attempt to hold it. Another leak, and she could feel her skirt getting wet where she was pressing it between her legs. She just had the presence of mind to realise that her bladder had given way, and that nothing could stop her pissing herself any longer, so she pulled her hand away to try and keep her skirt dry.

"Oh no! Oh shit! I'm pissing myself! I can't help it, I just can't hold it any longer." Her words were gasped out between clenched teeth as she fought to control herself. Debbie, who had been helping shield her, took charge and, pulled her along by the arm. "Keep walking and get over here on the grass, and nobody will know. Come on! If you stay like that half the carnival will know what you're doing." She literally dragged Carol off the path and onto the grass. "Keep walking normally, keep your legs as close together as you can, and try to let it out slowly, then nobody will know what you are doing."

Carol tried to follow her instructions, but the pressure in her bladder was so great that there was no hope of letting her pee out slowly. Even when peeing normally she would produce a torrent, so now, desperate beyond anything she had previously known, she could not control the great blast of pee that was pouring through her knickers and down her legs. The initial spurt had so much pressure that it arced forward and splashed down the front of her skirt, but then she stood up straighter and pressed her legs together as Debbie had instructed, and rest of the flood more or less ran down her legs.

The other nurses were still trying to cover Carol as best they could, but the expression on her face, and the wet streaks down her skirt, revealed what was happening. As quick as they could they bundled her into the nurses first-aid tent, where they could assess the damage in private. Carol was almost in tears with the shame of what she had done. "I couldn't help it, I tried so hard, but I couldn't wait any longer. It hurt so much I couldn't stop it. It's all down my legs, I'm soaked, what am I going to do?" she wailed, almost hysterical.

"It's alright Carol," Debbie comforted her, "You've wet you pants, that's all. It's not the end of the world, nobody will know except us if you pull yourself together." She stood back from Carol and looked at her critically. "Your skirt is a bit wet at the front, but otherwise nothing shows. Take this towel, get in the ladies loo and dry yourself as best you can. Just pull yourself together and get moving before Elaine gets here."

Seeing that she was still hesitating, Debbie took Carol by the hand and lead her to the ladies, doing her best to shield her wet skirt from view as they walked. For once there wasn't a queue, and Debbie pushed Carol into one cubicle, then decided that she might as well pee in the next one while she was there. As she sat on the loo, she listened in amazement at the sound of the torrent of pee that Carol was producing. If she could pee like that after the flood she had just done in her knickers, how much pee had she been holding? If they had been able to measure it, it would probably have made medical history, she thought.

Relieved at last, Carol was trying to dry her legs, thankful that the regulation black tights didn't show the wet. Her black thong knickers were so tiny and thin that her piss had gone straight through, and they were only wet between her legs. Her black shoes were wet, but again noting showed. The only problem was the wet streaks down the front of her skirt, and the wet patch where she had started pissing while still holding her pussy. There was really only one thing that could have caused that, and it was going to take ages to dry, but what could she do to hide it? Maybe one of the nurses would have an apron she could wear?

Debbie, who was waiting when she left the cubicle, called her over to wash her hands and comb her hair, and while she was doing this, suddenly tipped a cup of water over her. Carol swore as it ran down her uniform, then looked in the mirror and saw that her piss marks were lost in the bigger wet patch from her waist down.

"Wonderful, Debbie," she said, "I might look a mess, but it's not a 'pissed herself' mess. Elaine won't be pleased, but so long as she does not know what really happened, I don't care much."

As they walked back to the nursing tent, Carol took hold of Debbie's arm. "You really have saved me today. If you hadn't acted so quickly I would have frozen right by the entrance as I started to piss myself, and everyone would have seen what I was doing. Thanks to you, only the four of us know what happened."

"No problem," replied Debbie, "It's what friends are for. It's going to cost you a few drinks for us to keep this to ourselves, but that had better wait until we are back at the hospital. Drinking before getting on the coach does not seem to be a very good idea."

