Dream Team (part 3)

Posted by Tinker, September 1994 

Being the local nerd had its advantages. Besides not being bothered to visit late-night parties, not having to hang around in noisy discos, not waking up with a hangover each Saturday morning, and not having a girlfriend to spend money on, it also offered some opportunities to do things that little other people on the university could do. 

Since somebody once spotted me hauling a big reflex camera around the campus, I promptly got appointed Official Photographer for the university newspaper. Apparently my predecessor either couldn't aim or had used a defective camera, because I got many compliments for the technically perfect pictures I produced. I myself knew very well that this wasn't a big feat, and I certainly doubted about my artistic skills. 

But there I was, with my camera bag on my shoulder, heading for the sports field. That morning I had found a note on my desk (no E-mail inside the university, of course) simply calling "4:30 pm, rear exit building K. Picture for new football season. Diana." I had no idea that a new football season was coming up, and even less who the hell Diana was. I had been only once inside building K, to record the results of some football players' party that involved most of the furniture. But I could read a clock, and so at about 4:28 I rounded the corner of building K to look for the rear exit. 

Well, I had expected quite a lot, but not a complete cheerleader squad doing their exercises on a separate part of the field. The girls were busy jumping up and down in some weird pattern and even I could see that it looked like nothing. I kept looking at them while walking towards the door. Next to the door was a sign reading "Cheerleaders entry only; piss off!", and I was not enough a nerd to ignore it. But it now became pretty clear that someone wanted me to take a picture or two of the squad to publish on announcements and the like. Ah well, there were worse things to photograph, I thought, and sat down on the wooden bench next to the door, looking at the girls again. 

Soon there appeared to be two types of cheerleaders. The first type was dressed in white and blue and did stupid things. The second type was dressed in flashing red and told the white-and-blue type which stupid things to do. Also, there were a bunch of white-and-blue ones and only one in red. It occurred to me that the red one probably was the captain, and I bet with myself that she was the one called Diana. 

Actually, despite their stupid activities, the whole squad was quite good- looking, I thought. Their uniforms were just as I liked them, with a tight sweater-like top, short flaring skirt, and high boots. I always had thought that cheerleaders were supposed to wear sneakers of the expensive kind, with that Greek name, but this bunch apparently preferred boots. Not too bad. They enhanced their legs better. 

The girls were not too bad either. Especially two of them were simply very attractive, and the rest was above average as well. Their uniforms added a great deal extra to their appearance, and I looked forward to playing with the 135 mm tele lens I carried in my bag. Then my eye fell upon the captain, in her eye-catching red uniform. Now *this* was a stunning creature, I thought. Being a nerd does not mean that I am not sensitive for female perfection, and she was very close to that. She also seemed a bit more mature than the rest of the girls, who were between 18 and 25 I guessed. Diana must have been about 27 or 28. Nice in line with my own age, I sighed. I knew the reputation of the cheerleader squad quite well, and neither of the girls would even *look* at me after I had taken the pictures. They had a huge crowd waiting for each of them, and honestly, I would not fall for their appearance only. 

The uncoordinated hopping stopped for a moment while Diana angrily explained some elementary look-to-your-neighbour basics, which led to a lot of giggling that confirmed my initial ideas about the reasons why girls wanted to become cheerleader at all. I admit, although I really like to look at them, I often get the impression that a cheerleader just does not make a good conversation partner. Not that I had any experience with talking to cheerleaders; it was just their image that got me thinking this. Diana now started to perform some fairly gymnastic exercises, and got two other girls to assist her. The rest of the squad gathered around them and blocked my view almost completely. I did not mind; there still was enough to see. 

Especially the left-most girl looked great in her short skirt and tight sweater. Her white skirt was just long enough to cover her panties while she was standing up, but the hopping had already revealed to me that the uniform panties were pale blue. Nice contrast, I thought. She now threw her long black hair back over her shoulders and re-fitted her hair lint. The girl really was beautiful, and I played with the idea of getting my camera out of the bag already. But I withheld myself and just kept looking at her. Now she did one step back and pulled the crinkles out of her sweater.

I smiled and could not help secretly wishing that she would next part her legs a bit to prepare for something naughty. I can't help it, but the idea alone of a girl sneakily peeing in her panties under her skirt turns me on like nothing else. Just a strange twist in my brain, I know, and I still think it is a far more innocent one than some things I read on the Net once in a while. It also is a safely weird idea that I would not need to express to somebody in my whole life, since nobody else would like it anyway. 

The girl parted her legs about half a meter and checked her skirt from behind. I could not believe my eyes! Without further thinking, I grabbed my camera and thanked God for the fact that my 80-200 mm zoom lens was still on it. In two seconds, the girl was full close up in my viewer and I could do nothing but confirm again that she did everything I thought was necessary to get herself wet underwear. She pulled her skirt a bit down, then reached under it and scratched her panties, put her skirt back again, and then placed both her hands in her sides. This hit me like a rock. I always fantasised about girls standing like this, with their legs apart and their hands in their sides, but I had not expected to ever witness one doing it. And certainly not a cheerleader in uniform doing it among her colleagues on the field! Still, what I saw could only mean one thing. In a reflex I cranked the film to the next frame. 

The girl now seemed as ready as I could imagine it, and apparently she felt the same. With a satisfied and at the same time excited look on her face, she clearly took a deep breath, unlocked her knees, and started the short take-off run. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back. In three seconds she got airborne. I swallowed and noticed that my mouth was completely dry. Would I actually see...? I would. A moment later, something moved between her legs and in the sun I could clearly see a tiny stream falling down. Before I noticed what happened, my finger had pressed the shutter release button and the rather loud camera sound floated over the field. 

Fortunately for me, Diana ended her explanation at exactly the same moment and the camera sound drowned in the noise the girls made. While they all stepped back in a row, the leftmost girl still with parted legs and now probably soaked panties, Diana turned with her face to them and so spotted me sitting on the bench. She raised her hand and waved at me, as to confirm that I was expected. I sighed from relief. Some girls turned around to see who was there, and after recognising me they quickly forgot about it. The left-most girl turned her head as well, and moved her boots a few centimeters closer to each other while still peeing her panties. She did not make any attempt to cover up what she was doing.

Probably she thought that she was completely safe at a distance of about twenty meters. She would have been, if I had not recognised her behaviour in time. And if I had not brought a tele lens, of course. But what startled me was that she apparently was not afraid to give herself away to her fellow cheerleaders. And indeed, nobody even looked at her. After a few more seconds, she finished wetting her panties, leaked out for a moment, pressed her thighs together and then wiggled her hips a bit, as to release the tension that had been building up inside her. I really was stunned. Everything I had been dreaming of for years had been demonstrated in front of me in less than a minute. And I had it on film! 

The girls now apparently started to do something standard, since a single announcement from Diana caused them all to bow forward and grab their feet. This of course presented a marvellous display of panties for me. The girls did not mind, obviously. I glanced to the left-most girl. This time, she must have felt she couldn't just show off her state, because she (and she alone) sat down on the grass and bowed her upper body forward over her legs, stretching as well. It seemed quite inconspicuous, but given the soaked state of her underwear I knew better. 

Finally the exercises were over and while the girls scattered around the building, Diana came to me. "Hi. I'm Diana," she said and reached out to shake my hand. "I guessed so," I replied, and shook her hand. "I suppose you want some pictures of the team for next year's announcements?"

"Yes," Diana answered. "We made some modifications in the team structure, and I want to get a bit out of the shadow of the football team. We stand a good chance at this year's cheerleader championships I think, and that needs some marketing." She sat down next to me. I couldn't help gazing her over a bit. She really was one of the prettiest women I had ever seen, and her uniform aroused me a lot. Not enough for her to notice, I hoped. She swung her hair over her shoulder and routinely pulled her little skirt down her legs as she crossed them. 

I started to replace my camera lens with the 50 mm and casually remarked: "Nice team by the way. Rumours are that the girls are selected on appearance only. True?" Diana smiled. "Not exactly. Of course you need to meet certain standards, but physical fitness is far more important. And don't think that all these great-looking girls just grew this way. Most of them need to work hard to keep this body. You probably thought that the last few exercises you saw were a bit stupid?"

"Uhm, idiotic is a better word," I admitted. Diana laughed, and this caused a cold itch at my back. "I know, I know. It *looks* stupid, but we need these things to keep all muscle sets in shape. After the break, we usually practice the various cheers and gymnastic paces, which are less boring to look at. You'll see." 

I became a bit more relaxed and decided to drop Diana a hint about the behaviour of one of her pupils. "Well, to be honest, I wasn't really bored watching the girls until now. They look great, and they will make some perfect pictures." Diana nodded quietly. "Light is okay as well. But there happened one thing that could spoil the set. One of your girls couldn't hold it and now has non-matching panties that could really embarrass her if photographed. We should take special care to prevent that." Diana looked at me with a mixture of shock and surprise. "She *what*? Who? When? Did you see it?" I shrugged. "Not that I mind, but my job is to take photos, and this could be a problem." Keeping up my "professional" role seemed to work. 

Diana had found back her attitude and now seriously addressed me. "Please tell me. What did you see?" I tried to behave casually as I told her what had happened. She bit her lip and looked over the field to spot the girl in question, who now stood against the wall of the building, talking to two other girls. Diana shook her head. "Maureen again. She can be so careless at times." I shrugged and looked for a yellow filter to enhance the blue contrasts in the sky (or all blue things, really). "Oh I don't mind. Really not." While mounting the filter I glanced towards Maureen and was silent for a few seconds. Then, I turned towards Diana and added: "And if I'm right, Maureen didn't mind either." I smiled briefly at her and then toyed with my camera a bit. Diana said nothing. I heard her swallowing, however. Suddenly I felt her hand on my right arm and she almost whispered to me: "Please, keep this between us. I don't want the team to be disgraced by one girl doing something silly." 

I now looked straight into Diana's eyes and noticed how beautiful they were. This woman really had style. I decided to tease her a bit. "One girl only?", I winked. Diana blushed and closed her eyes for a moment. "Listen," she said. "What do you know about all this?"

"Nothing at all. Just one thing I noticed five minutes ago. Is there more to know?" Diana was silent again. She sighed and then looked *me* straight in my eyes. "I tell you what? You just *liked* to see Maureen wet herself, didn't you?" Now it was my turn to blush. Diana smiled and sat back on the bench in relief. "Yo, that at least solves everything for the moment. We now both need to keep our mouths shut, and I now know how on Earth you spotted Maureen doing it. You just had experience; you knew what to watch for. Am I right?"

She looked at me with a look in her eyes that I couldn't resist. I nodded. "Yes, Diana, I admit it. I like this a lot. I have thought about it for years. I really like it." Diana now changed her pose on the bench. She took her legs off each other and moved her knees in my direction while bending over to me. "Ever did it yourself?", she whispered. I nodded reluctantly, and Diana was delighted. "Right. This makes the circle complete. It is pure coincidence that you are here now, but we caught a big fish today." I lifted my eyebrows. "We?" Diana smiled: "Yes. Welcome to the team!" 

Before I could completely process the meaning of her last words, she guided my eyes towards her lap and slowly moved her knees apart, so that her red panties became visible under her short skirt. Without hiding any erotic undertone, she said: "You want some more stupid cheerleader demos?", and winked. I put down my camera and looked her over top to toe. Diana was simply a fabulous woman, but as she sat there, in complete cheerleader outfit, with her legs open, and obviously ready to get herself wet panties under her skirt, she came straight from heaven. She saw what her proposal and pose did to me, and her face broke into the most fantastic smile I ever had seen. 

She took the camera from my hands, put it away, and then stood up, still holding my hands so I had to stand up as well. Without paying any attention to the other girls (who were too busy with themselves anyway), she led me towards a little shed on the field that probably contained line drawing material and gardening tools. On the other side of the shed we were protected from the girl's views, and from everyone else's as well because the field ended there and was blocked by a wide band of trees. Diana turned towards me and without warning she pushed her body against mine, grabbed my ass and pulled me firmly against herself. Her mouth found mine, and before I realised what happened I was in full embrace with this creature from another world, grabbing her where I only had dreamt of just half an hour ago. 

Soon my hands found their way up her skirt, and while she pulled up one booted leg to wrap around my calves, I stroke her firm but very soft cheeks. Her panties felt like smooth silk, and she moaned softly while I slid my finger further between her legs. I knew that females had something sensitive there, but had no idea of the exact place. I found out soon enough. While I just cuddled her and for the first time of my life enjoyed the warm softness of a female body, I must have hit her red button, because suddenly she started to shudder and soon I had to hold her firmly to prevent her from falling over backwards. I had fantasised a lot about cuddling a girl, but *this* effect outdid everything. She must have been pretty well pre-excited by our little conversation, and maybe had been looking for a man for a looong time. 

Diana came back to reality and excused herself for her selfishness and lack of patience. Without even letting me speak, she kissed me again and softly asked: "What would you like now? I am going to wet my panties, but you may tell me how you want me to do it." She stepped back a bit and started to arrange her clothes, like Maureen had done before. Her skirt still was hiked up after our cuddle, and I had a great view of her matching red panties. She pulled all crincles out of them, and then stroke down her flaring skirt, tightened her sweater which enhanced her breasts quite a lot, and threw her hair over her shoulder with a swift motion of her head. As she stood there, she was absolutely stunning. Dressed from top to toe in flashing red, with perfect body contours and in a very well-tailored cheerleader outfit, she was all I ever could imagine about a goddess. And she was going to wet herself... for me! 

I doubted. "Well... I really would like to see you just standing, maybe with your legs apart, and then starting to wet yourself... under your skirt, like nothing is special about it. But I also would like to see your underwear getting wet. The stain that appears, you know." Diana nodded. "I know. We can do both. First you squat down and you look up my skirt as I wet myself a bit. Just enough for you to see any stain you want. Then you can step back while I start the gushing part. I suppose you know that?", she smiled. I smiled back. "I know *exactly* what you mean by 'The Gushing Part'. And I'll step back indeed!" We both laughed, and for the first time I felt some band between us, as if we knew each other for years.

I swiftly kissed her on her left cheek and then went down on my knees, so that my eyes were at about the same height as her crotch. Diana eagerly spread her legs, and this movement alone sent a shudder all over my body. I reached out to her boots and placed both my hands on them. Slowly I slid upwards, along her great legs, until I reached the hem of her little skirt. Diana winked to me, as a confirmation to go on. Then, I carefully lifted her cheerleader skirt to look straight at the crotch of her red panties. Diana quickly did some last clothes check, spread her legs some more, and then put her hands on her hips again while she said to me: "I'll just do what I usually do, without somebody looking up my skirt. If you feel so, drop my skirt, and I'll respond to it." 

Now Diana closed her eyes and I felt a tremble in her body. Without loosing the sight of her panties, I started to tickle her thighs with my little fingers. She giggled, and pushed her chest forward a bit, which caused a great look upward. I pushed my nose in her crotch and kissed her panties. "Alright Diana. You can start." A soft, low hum was all she could produce. From a distance of thirty centimeters, I watched her panties while still hiking up her skirt, and felt another tremble. Diana wore a complete cheerleader outfit, everything included, with nice, red, dry panties. And then, they were not dry anymore. 

While Diana let escape a high-pitched shriek, I saw the Stain appear. It appeared between her legs, a bit up to the front, and quickly spread down, sideways, and up. One moment her panties were exposable, a second later she had so obviously pissed them that nobody could miss it. Diana now breathed heavily and clearly enjoyed her little naughty game very much. The Stain still grew. Slowly it crept down, between her legs, and I quickly moved behind Diana to look from there. As I lifted her skirt again from behind, her tightly-fitting panties still seemed okay, but soon the Stain became visible even at her bum.

It crept upwards from between her gracious legs, forming a half-circle in her read underwear, like a setting sun. At the front, it moved up and sideways steadily, and in about thirty seconds Diana's whole crotch was coloured deep moisty red. She sighed of delight, and at that moment the first drop fell down, soon followed my more drops and eventually a small line of liquid left her panties between her spread legs and fell onto the ground. I stirred her red button with my index finger for a second, and then swiftly dropped her skirt and arranged it as best as I could. 

Diana now was on her own. She knew she was dressed in her full uniform, that someone was looking at her very closely, and that she had wet her panties like a naughty child. She also felt that she needed to do quite a lot more, and while her eyes met mine, I heard a faint hissing sound from under her skirt. Immediately the thin line grew to a garden hose stream, and when her poor panties got so soaked that they couldn't cope anymore, the stream turned into a turbulent waterfall. I fell down on my knees, and while Diana showed off her full beauty, legs spread wide, pissing herself to orgasm under her pretty cheerleader uniform, I couldn't help but rubbing myself in unison with her and just after I came in my pants, she collapsed as well, her boots sliding apart until her crotch landed in her self-made puddle. I hardly noticed that she actually did the splits as we embraced and held each other for at least a minute. 

We awoke because we heard applause and cheering. I did not dare to open my eyes, because I had a nasty feeling about it. Diana just grinned and patted me on my back. "Relax. It is just the girls. Nothing to worry about." I sighed and let Diana pull me to my two feet. Her skirt hid her wet panties completely and except for some drops on her thighs, nothing of her wet adventure showed. But then she hiked up her skirt to pull her panties tightly around her ass, and this reveiled so clearly what she had done that I could do anything but relax.

She had easy talking. Each of the girls probably knew more about wet pants than I did, but they had caught us in rather embarassing activities and I did not feel that macho to appreciate a bunch of girls witnessing my masturbation session. Fortunately they did not even mention it and just greeted both of us, while Diana stroke down her skirt and thereby removed every sign of the event. This relieved me from my initial doubts, and soon we all were back at the field to take the pictures I came for. 

Of course I took pictures and Pictures. The first few were well-fitted for the posters and newspaper articles that would follow this year, but at a certain moment I found myself aiming my camera at eight cheerleaders who stood with their legs apart, and a bit later I took a Picture of eight cheerleader bums with their skirts hiked up. Three bums were clearly out of sync with the rest; besides Maureen and Diana, also a girl that I learned to be Janice had played our wet game during the break. While peeing herself "just a bit," she had looked around and missed both Diana and the photographer, added up one and one, and found us behind the shed. Strange how such a distracting activity under your skirt could cause your senses to work so much better! 

I even did not have to take out my 135 mm lens, as the girls were all to eager to pose more and less challenging by themselves right in front of me. After all, this was a wonderful opportunity for them to get some pictures to please boyfriends with, and some girls went quite far. Only when Jane started to take off her sweater to do some topless stuff, Diana took charge and simply announced that anything was possible as long as no clothes were taken off. Jane sighed and pulled her sweater back. "Alright, alright. I know something else."

She sat down on the ground in front of me, pulled up her knees and then opened her legs so that her blue panties jumped out from under her white skirt. She leaned back and supported herself on her elbows. While I took position between her legs with my camera, getting lower to make a shot upward along her body, she started to push and even before I could focus properly her panties got the load of the complete afternoon. I took three pictures in rapid succession, the first with just a stain in her crotch, the last with her panties completely soaked from the front to her bum. Jane just smiled and let me finish the pictures before rising to her feet again and casually arranging her skirt. "That makes four," I remarked, and all girls giggled. 

Eventually I ran out of film and put away my camera. When I returned to the girls, I found them sitting together on the grass, and Diana invited me to join them. Even during the photo session, I had already discovered that these girls were a lot less narrow-minded than I had thought at first, and actually they made for some good conversation partners. Of course, a lot of the conversation was about things related to skirts and what you could do with them, and since I was a boy I became the natural oracle for all things related to dressing up to please boys.

But I had not that much to remark; their uniforms already were about as close to ideal as I could imagine. This obviously pleased the girls a lot, and some ideas were launched about going out as a gang while wearing their uniforms. Diana seriously considered this for a while, but finally vetoed the proposal since it would harm their professional image and therefore their chances on the next championships. Of course, she did not vote against any short skirt concensus. So they agreed to go out together next Saturday, all wearing short skirts and sweaters, and possibly boots, but not their uniforms. I smiled and added: "Pity I cannot join you then."

"Why not?", Ann replied. "You can just come with us. I want to see all those boys looking angrily at you while you casually move around with us and they don't get a chance!" All laughed, including me, because my image on the university really would enhance the scene a lot. It would be a hell of a practical joke. 

Diana nudged me in my side and remarked that it would even be better if I not only joined them in person, but also in dress, so that I could participate when they decided to skip a toilet or two. This remark led to some giggling among the girls, but Diana appeared serious about it and they saw that I did not laugh it away either. Ann, sitting next to me, curiously asked me if I had ever wet myself. I exchanged looks with Diana, who nodded in support, and then told the girls that I quite often wet myself if I was certain I was alone at home for a while.

They got quite excited about this, and Jane even started to look closely at my jeans to see if she could spot some evidence. But I had to disappoint her; I explained that in my opinion there was only one garment fitted for wet fun, and that was the skirt. Even Jane couldn't do anything but agree on this, and Maureen quickly deduced that I thus probably wore a skirt while wetting myself. I confirmed this, which led to more giggling, but also to approving nods and smiles. 

Ann started to compare our bodies, and came to the conclusion that we had about the same sizes, some obvious details excluded. Without further ado she offered me her clothes to try on and, well, maybe more. I looked at Diana again, who said she did not object against *changing* of clothes, as long as it happened inside the building. "Are you serious?", I asked Ann, who replied: "Yes I am. I have my own clothes with me, of course. I really would like to see you in my outfit, and well... you know." I looked at the other girls. "Nobody gets offended if I try on Ann's uniform?" Nobody would, they assured me, and Alice even got up to help me getting dressed. My heart beat in my throat as I followed Ann and Alice inside, knowing I was up to something that I had been fantasising about for years. I saw the sign at the door, and could only smile. 

In the locker room, Ann quickly undressed herself while I looked another way, and Alice brought me a bundle of garments that promised quite a lot. While Ann slipped into her long dress, I stripped down to my underwear, showing my obvious erection, but the girls did not make remarks about it. Ann told me that I could put on her cheerleader panties, since she had her normal panties with her, and I would need dry underwear to get home in. She assured me that her cheerleader panties were large enough to contain my cock, were as clean as they possibly could be, and that she really wouldn't mind if she got them back soiled and spoiled. Really not, she added. I thanked her for this generosity, and then put on her sweater and skirt. She indeed had about the same sizes as me; her skirt reached down to about one- third of my thighs, enough to cover up any panties I wore. 

While Alice and Ann discretely looked away, I slid my underwear down my legs and replaced it with Ann's still warm panties. They felt wonderfully smooth and soft, and fitted around my hips and the rest very well. Being cheerleader trunks, they reached far up my waist, and so I had no trouble at all keeping everything inside. The wide, flaring skirt effectively hid all evidence that I wasn't a girl, and only my lack of hips and breasts and a lot of dark hair on my legs spoiled the whole look. I sat down on the bench, and started to pull on Ann's high boots that just fitted me. They were a bit too small, but I could walk in them, and they would only get uncomfortable if I needed to wear them for hours. 

During this, I had to pull up one leg at the time which caused my skirt to ride up and reveal my panties. Ann and Alice assured me that it looked hundred percent authentic, with my male bulge completely disappearing in the seamless panties, helped by the shadow under my skirt. This came not as a surprise to me, being accustomed to skirt-wearing for a long time. I closed the zipper of my right boot and rose to my feet. In the mirror I could see that I now was as close as possible to a cheerleader, the only remaining differences falling into the realm of plastic surgery which seemed a bit too far-fetched for this occasion. 

Alice came to stand next to me and she corrected some tiny things, such as my skirt being too high up my waist. In the end, we matched almost totally from the chest down. Together we turned towards Ann, who just completed her civilian outfit. Even in my current state, wearing a complete cheerleader uniform, I couldn't help but gasp at the look of her. She wore a cobalt-blue full-length dress, with a tight top and a very loose skirt, and this accentuated her body profile maybe even better than the cheerleader outfit. Ann smiled at the look of me and my face, twirled around, and just said: "This's gonna be fun!" I excused myself for a moment and went to the toilets, taking with me a little plastic bag I had found in the locker room. I fitted the bag inside my panties to provide for the last physical inconvenience and then, together with Alice and Ann, I returned to the field. 

When I appeared in the doorway, the whole group applauded and rushed towards me to inspect Alice's handywork. There was nothing to remark, except for the usual little jokes, and Ann took my hand and led me out on the field. Apparently she had decided to initiate me herself, and I hoped she would make it a mutual experience, because her long dress excited me about as much as my own outfit. Diana saw Ann taking me over, and frowned, but already having wet herself, she let Ann go. Instead, she played stage manager and set up the girls in a half-circle to watch us, giving herself the best place to look. When I looked at the seven girls on the ground, with four of them exposing their wet panties and the other three probably close to join them, and then to Ann who stood in front of me in her beautiful dress, and then at myself and the pretty skirt I wore, I really felt excited, happy, and at home.

This group of girls had opened a whole new world for me, and I would need to think of a way to thank each one of them. Fortunately, the best way to thank them announced itself when I noticed that I really had to pee. I turned to Ann. "How are *you* going to do it?", I asked her while I glanced down her skirt. She hesitated. "Ehhh... I am not going to do anything. I'll have to keep my clothes dry this time, because I want to visit a party tonight and I'm not going home first."

I must have looked disappointed, because the other seven girls, including Diana who now could take revenge, frantically protested and argued that this was nonsense and that she knew it. Ann bit her lip and looked down to the skirt part of her dress. "Well... I could just let go a bit, of course." Diana shook her head. "No way. You just spread out wide and drop it. Come on, you have an *audience* here!", and she winked to me. Ann looked at me, and her eyes asked if this was alright with me. I just told her that I really would fly if she went first, and then she agreed with a small nod. 

"Alright... I'll put down the whole show for you. But I want to save my dress, so no tricks, please?" We all agreed, and I liked the idea of seeing a girl just wetting herself under her dress so much that I forgot my own need to pee for a while. I sat down next to Diana, who immediately put her arm around me and crept against me. Her other hand slipped into my lap, caressing my cock through my skirt, and I snorted from pleasure. So I let my own hand slide up her leg and found her moist groin, with that red button of hers that still worked. We both snorted now, and then giggled together, cuddling as sisters, and dressed in the same way. 

Ann had finished the typical female preparations, and I expected her to spread her legs now. But she didn't. Instead, she put both hands in her crotch and started to gently rub the front of her dress. I understood that she just protected her dress; she probably knew herself well enough to preclude getting wet panties first and trying not to masturbate afterwards. I moved my index finger a bit and Diana responded by biting in my ear, so that part of the story was still well underway. Then I saw Alice and Cindy hiking up their skirts, revealing dry panties, and moving into squatting position to take a leak themselves. I hissed to get their attention and shook my head. 

"Not yet, girls. Wait for me, please." 

They understood and gigglingly dropped their skirts again. Ann was still lightly rubbing her dress, but her face now started to flush so her excitement had reached the appropriate level. Without any warning, she stopped rubbing, straightened her back, and put her hands on her hips. Her eyes looked to some point at the horizon, and for a few moments, nothing happened. Then she looked down towards her skirt, her face lighted up like a candle, and she excitedly yelled: "Yes! Yes!" While her bladder released its contents into her underwear, she firmly closed her eyes and bent backwards. Her legs were still pressed tightly together, and so her dress did not touch anything that could possibly get wet. 

We all could almost *feel* her warmth coming down, and at the exact moment I felt it reaching my boots, Ann parted her legs a bit to guide the liquid to the insides of her shoes. Because of her long dress, there was nothing to see. There was just a very pretty girl standing on a grass field, with a quite red face and behaving strangely, but her wet dream was kept hidden by her clothes. Diana could not stand this gorgeous sight and asked for more by nibbling my ear, so I tickled her wet panties harder until she with a moan laid her head on my shoulder and molded her body against mine. I hugged her firmly and looked at Ann again. 

During the whole act, which took about two minutes, Ann did not move even a finger, and her dress stayed absolutely stainless. Only when her invisible and inaudible, but very real, stream died away, Ann released her tensed muscles and allowed herself to come. This caused her body to part her legs about one meter, which was as far as her dress would allow, flip her upper body down with her head almost touching the ground, and while she supported herself with her hands on the ground, she yelled "YEEES!" again.

Heavy breathing, she stayed in this position for ten seconds or so, before staggering back to her two feet and wiping her hair out and her sweat off her face. Her dress had survived the whole operation without even one tiny spot, but when she walked away, the grass appeared as soaked as after a heavy rain shower. Ann got a big hand from everyone, and made a slight bow while hiking up her dress a bit, to thank the audience. She carefully picked up her dress while she kneeled down, and arranged the skirt part neatly around her legs as she lowered her bum onto her ankles. With a big smile on her face and a deep sigh, she settled down for the post-wetting part and relaxed. Now it was my turn. 

I whispered to Diana if she would join me, or if she preferred to wait. She smiled to me, pinched my cock again a little and said she would wait until the exercises were over. We really started to understand each other very well. I kissed her and stood up. 

As by command, Alice, Cindy and Melissa rose together with me, and all three seemed as excited as I was. It really was a weird situation. There now were four cheerleaders standing together, one with a slightly different appearance, all four dressed in exactly the same uniform, and all four looking forward to something naughty and maybe even childish. Melissa took charge and asked us three, and especially me, what we would like. Alice said that it didn't matter to her, as long as she could get wet panties with it. I agreed with her. "I know very well how to wet myself, girls. This will not be a first-time experience for me. But it will of course be something new to do it in a real uniform, and with such a nice company around me. So I would like to conform myself exactly to what you girls do, pose, behaviour, everything. You'll do it, I'll do it." Melissa understood, and looked around the tiny circle. "Alright then. Let's do the National Anthem!" 

While Alice and Cindy made a small jump of pleasure and Maureen and Janice applauded from the side line, Diana now rose to her feet and called: "You are going to do WHAT?!" Her skirt failed to drop down properly and I had a great view of her stained panties while Melissa explained to her that they had tried to find a way together to sneakily let go while they all posed for the playing of the anthem. Maureen had been the instigator of the whole thing, being the first of the team to really wet herself, long ago.

But her method, although undetectable, often caused soaked boots and socks which were not all too nice just before a football game. So Janice and Alice had worked out a new official pose for the whole group, that looked as formal as the former one, but offered the opportunity for some additional relief. Diana smiled, stroke down her skirt and sat down cross-legged. "That sounds good, girls. Let's see this new pose, so we here can decide both its style features and its practical usefulness." 

Alice and Cindy came to stand on the left side of me, Melissa on the right. They all hooked their arms, and I of course joined them. Next they all spread their legs a bit, and this caused their feet to cross each other, so Alice's right calve touched Cindy's left calve, and the crossing alternated through the line of cheerleaders. It made us standing very close to each other, forming a tight row, and viewed from the front or back the crossed legs made a nice mesh that probably distracted enough to prevent any second thoughts about why the girls and me had spread our legs at all. Melissa commented: "We thought it would be nice to make two rows this way, back to back, so we can stand perpendicular to the side line and be in between the two teams." Diana did not disapprove: "Sounds fine to me. Do you keep your arms hooked? It looks a bit like the French can-can."

Maureen, from the side line, answered: "This is only the starting pose. We need to hook our arms to quickly get into the correct positions, to form a symmetric mesh. When the actual playing starts, we do the following." Alice, Cindy and Melissa moved their right hands towards their left shoulders, somewhat like the new Star Trek "activate communicator" move, and kept them there. I mimicked them. Diana nodded in approval: "That's good. Really good. You keep your left hands in your sides, with your elbows touching the side of your neighbour, to keep the correct distance, I suppose?"

Maureen confirmed. "Yes. This really should be formal enough, and completely inconspicuous for innocent bystanders. Yet, it gives us a great opportunity to start the game in style!" We all laughed. I just remarked: "Yeah, starting in style is okay, but you will have to adapt your cheers to stop your skirts flipping up!" Alice said that that was the next thing to invent, and that there was a committee working on it already. Diana just smiled. And I now really needed to pee. 

Melissa looked to the left, to me and the other girls. "Are you ready, team?" she asked and winked to me. "Then let's go!" And all together, we started our own private program that led to the inevitable. 

Melissa was quick. While I was still concentrating to begin, she nudged me in my side and whispered "It's coming... now!" I looked to her while she carefully let her warm stream enter her panties with a sigh, and I couldn't help looking down to her skirt under which it all happened. Of course, there was nothing to see except Melissa's slick, parted legs coming out from under her little skirt. She giggled: "Ooooh, it feels soooo nice!", and started to hop a little up and down on her toes. Then she began to drip between her parted boots and this led to my own urge becoming still stronger. While I looked down to my own skirt and imagined my pale blue panties under it, I felt my warm liquid coming upward in my penis. 

Just before I jetted it out into my pants, there was some hot tickling on my left calve and Cindy giggled: "Sorry!". I looked left. Here was a little, shy, but lovely cheerleader very busy to break the world record public panty flooding while uniformed. She behaved quite differently from Melissa. Melissa quietly wetted herself on my right, enjoying every drop into her underwear, giggling from time to time, but keeping a low profile. Cindy, on the other hand, went for the record. She threw it all out into her panties, I could hear the hissing sound, and she looked down to the stream between her boots with great pleasure. Unlike Melissa, Cindy just looked very much like a girl who was pissing in her pants on purpose. 

This was too much for me. With all fantasies and practice of many years supporting me, I started to pee and did everything I could not to stop. This was hard work, given my erection, but I managed. I felt my warmth spreading in my crotch, coming down, passing my balls, and then leaving the plastic and touching my panties. It had happened. I had peed my panties, dressed as a cheerleader, being on the field, surrounded by fellow cheerleaders who now also made all signs of very wet things happening to them. In a few seconds, but invisible to anyone, my panties absorbed everything they could. I always cherished this moment, when I had wet myself as much as I could without needing to worry about where to leave the excess pee. I knew that nobody could notice my wet underwear as long as I kept my skirt down, and for a moment I was tempted to stop and walk away. 

A high-pitched shriek from Alice made me change my mind, however. I looked to the left, where Alice had broken the anthem pose and now stooped forward, her hands on her bent knees, her eyes firmly closed and a waterfall between her still parted legs. "I don't want *that*", she mumbled, and apparently tried to stop something. But it was no use. I saw her tense her muscles, and then give up and release. While her waterfall stopped for a moment, she looked at me and shrugged. "Ah well. It had to happen once. Let's finish it." That said, she pushed and let something slide into her panties. Her white skirt hid it completely, but I got so aroused by the idea of having witnessed this slight accident that I continued pissing myself double-power and before long, the girls could see my stream dripping down from under my skirt. Finally, I experienced the eternal joy of being a cheerleader and exploring my uniform. It was like heaven. 

We all four were wetting ourselves now, Alice having joined our pose again, and we enjoyed it thoroughly. Our audience had watched intensely, and when they saw me actually start dripping, they yelled and applauded. Even Alice's overshoot could not cause them to stop cheering, and while we finally finished our bladders and started leaking out, Diana got up, dashed to me and gave me a full kiss on my mouth. She smashed her crotch against mine, and without caring for our skirts, she rubbed me to a mind-blowing orgasm in seconds. This time, Diana had to prevent *me* from falling over backwards. 

The whole show had caused every one of us to have wet panties, and apparently this was some sign to end the exercises and go inside. Alice gigglingly went to the toilet to drop something off first, wiggling her hips a bit more than usual, while the rest including me entered the locker room. Diana opened the central valves for the showers and the other girls started to undress. Before taking off their clothes, however, they all hiked up their skirts in front of the mirror to inspect the damage, and I of course joined them. My erection had disappeared after Diana's attack, and except for a bulge in the front down, my panties looked quite similar to all the other pairs I saw around. Including the stain. Of course, Jane's panties were wetter at her bum, but that was no wonder.

Maureen, who had started the fun today, discovered that her panties were already drying, and swiftly ran to the shower section to do something about it. On the way there she took off her sweater, boots, and socks, and wearing only her skirt, a bra, and of course her panties, she stepped over the threshold onto the tiled floor of the shower secion. Without even properly spreading her legs, she gushed out what she had, and soon her legs were completely wet, leaving dark footprints on the blue tiles. While still peeing, Maureen paraded through the shower room, without entering the actual shower area, and eventually she threw her skirt out into the locker room to show us now freshly peed panties. Her bra followed, and still wearing her soaked panties she dashed around the corner of the wall to shower. The other girls soon followed, all completely undressed, and finally only Diana and me were left behind. 

"Feel like a shower?", she smiled. "I do!", and while she signed me to follow, she stepped onto the tiles. I hesitated. "Well... I do not want to bother the girls. I'll wait until they come out." Diana shook her head. "Oh no, you're coming NOW." She came out again, grabbed my hand and pulled me into the shower section. In one swift move she threw her left leg between my legs, pushed her warm, moist crotch against my left thigh, and before I could even pull her skirt out of the way, she started a terrific stream. It did not only soak her panties, but her skirt and mine as well. While all these layers of wet fabric caused a great feeling, Diana started to rub her groin over my thigh and orgasmed right away. She clutched me tightly, still pissing, and her warmth spread around my crotch and leg. 

Finally, she detangled and twirled around to show me her wet uniform in all its glory. It looked absolutely staggering, and very unfitted for public appearances, with that dark-red stain on her skirt. I had expected that she now would undress on the bench over there, but she dragged me right along the corner, and while she still wore her complete uniform, sweater, skirt, boots and all, she stepped under the pouring warm water. And dragged me under it as well. 

Within a few seconds, we both got soaked right to our bodies and to be honest, it did not harm her appearance. Her breasts became far better defined, and her skirt now sticked to her legs and crotch so the whole contours of her body were visible. Her long black hair fell down in a big bush when she took off her hair lint, and then I grabbed her, hugged her, kissed her and caressed her whole body through the wet cheerleader uniform. She did the same with me, and unaware of the rest of the girls who happily made room for us, we slowly undressed each other until we were alone under the shower and embraced for a long time. 

When we came out to dry and get dressed, the other girls had already finished and sat (Ann stood) nicely chattering on the benches. Some whistling was heard when I entered the locker room, but on the whole I felt quite at ease, although excited. This had been the most remarkable afternoon of my life so far. While I put on my normal clothes again, I saw Diana sliding into her blouse and skirt, and admired the perfection of that whole creature. She smiled back, and stepped into her shoes. Her wet uniform was stuffed into a plastic bag and then disappeared into her sports bag, and I got poked into my back by Ann who held up her own soaked uniform while saying: "I said you could drench my PANTIES, not the rest!" She winked and put the clothes away. Her dress was still perfectly alright, and I supposed she would indeed go to that party now, while her panties couldn't possibly have dried yet. Brave girl! 

We all left the building at about six o'clock, and I waved the girls goodbye while waiting for Diana to switch off the lights and lock the door. She hooked her arm into mine and together we walked to her car, to get to her appartment and prepare a meal. I had found a friend who would prove to be a very special woman in just a few days. And the whole university wondered how on Earth that boring computer freak got away with that gorgeous cheerleader's captain. 

We didn't wonder. 

We enjoyed every minute of it. 

