Title: Fun at the Fair

By: Erica

"Are you coming?" the annoying voice called to me as I finished getting dressed.

"Give me a minute," I yelled back, "I have to go to the toilet."

But Roald was one of my more impatient friends, and he waylaid me before I could get down the hall. "Uh-uh," he said. "No way. We're going to be late."

I honestly couldn't see how five minutes would make us late for a fair, and said so. This resulted in Roald looking at me as if I were a bug - he often did that, and it really irked me - but when he did it I also felt that I couldn't give him the satisfaction of being right, so I gave in. "Okay, I won't go. I don't need it all that bad anyway."

That was true, but I had always made it a habit to go before leaving the house. I haven't been desperate too often in my life, and I like to keep it that way.

So we went off to the fair. I saw a few of my female friends there, and they all made remarks about me and Roald.

Now let me explain something - I did not, do not, have never considered Roald to be my boyfriend, even though everyone else did. For one thing, I thought his name was stupid. His parents had named him after Roald Dahl, the author, and to me that was like naming your child Fox after the guy in the X-Files. It was silly. Also, he wasn't a very nice person. He could be fun at times, but most of the time he'd make caustic remarks or put me down, and I didn't like that.

But because he always paid whenever we went anywhere, I put up with him. His parents weren't much richer than mine, but they spoiled him because he was "the only son". Well, my brother is "the only son" too, but my parents don't carry on like that! At least his parents had taught him about chivalry. Unfortunately the only part of that he'd picked up was that the guy pays. I wondered if he'd ever figure out that chivalry also meant being *nice* - plain and simple nice - to someone. Probably not, but until then I might as well let him hang around with me. I got free meals, movies and sometimes a gift.

So anyway we were at the fair when these friends of mine cornered me and made Roald go buy cotton candy. He grumbled, but against three females (four if you count me) he couldn't really argue. "So, how are things, 'Rica?" asked Candy (I swear that is really her name - to me it always sounded like something out of a porn movie, but I digress).

"Fine," I answered. "What's going on?"

"We wanted to know if you let him... you know... yet." That was Veronica.

"Yeah, because you'll be set!" Alicia.

They all called me 'Rica and I called them Cand, Ronnie and Leesh. Actually, on reflection I don't suppose that is any less silly than naming your child after an author or a TV character.

"No, and I'm not going to. Geez. I'm only 17," I answered. I had no intention of having sex with Roald, ever.

"Yeah, but you're already in college," Ronnie said. "I wish I was that smart."

"It was only one year I skipped, and that was long ago. Gimme a break." I hated it when they got like that - they knew I didn't like it. I didn't feel any smarter than them, and I was average for college, so what was their problem?

"Well, Roald is nearly 19 and I heard his parents telling him he should settle down and carry on the family name," said Leesh. "You could really score."

I wanted to yell at them to shut up. Honestly, the idea of having to live with Roald made me feel ill. And no way could I put up with those parents of his. They had this thing for family names and traditions and acted like they were too good for everybody else.

Luckily before I could answer, Roald arrived with the cotton candy, which he shoved at me. "Here."

Giving my friends a caustic look I mumbled, "Thanks," and allowed him to steer me away from them. I was relieved, actually.

We wandered around the fair for a while, Roald stopping to play at a few stalls. It must have been about an hour when I realised I needed to pee. It wasn't too bad, but I started looking around for a toilet.

As I was about to say something, Roald stopped his game (one of those throw-the-ball-win-a-prize things) and marched off to a vending machine to buy Coke.

I drank mine, wondering if he even remembered that I had told him I don't like Coke. This day was not shaping up very well at all. I'd passed my friends again and they'd all made rude faces and lewd hand gestures. They seemed to think I'd really hooked up with something good, and being friends they were unsubtly trying to convince me of it.

"Let's go on some rides," Roald said as I finished my drink.

"Now?"

"No, tomorrow," he replied sarcastically. "Of course now."

I let him lead (more like drag) me along and we went on the teacup ride. I usually like that ride, but I was really starting to need to pee quite badly.

When we got off Roald said, "That was cool! Let's go again!"

"Ro, I have to go to the toilet."

He looked at me impatiently. "What, now?"

"No, tomorrow," I returned smoothly. "Of course now."

He put his hands on his hips in an annoyed gesture. "Can't you wait?"

I decided I could, even though I could feel the almost-pain of a desperate bladder starting. "Well, I suppose so," I replied in my most ungracious voice.

"Great." He dragged me back into line for the teacup ride.

After the teacup I made him take me on the merry-go-round, then the Big Wheel (that was a lot of fun), then the high swings. I love the swings, but the pressure on my bladder was now ten times worse. I've never peed myself on purpose or by accident, but I knew that this time I just might. "I really have to go now," I said as the swings let us off.

"One more," Roald said.

I tried not to whine or sound desperate. "I feel like I'm going to pee my pants," I told him. That should shock him, a guy from such a 'good' home.

And it did. "Do you have to put it like that?" he asked me.

I shrugged, trying to imagine peeing in the shorts I had on. The frightening thing was, I *could* imagine doing it. The shorts weren't too short, but they were this funny light pink colour, combined with this T-shirt-type material that would show if I did pee. But if I did, it would shock Roald so much he'd never speak to me again. Well, maybe I'd shock him a bit more with some foul language. "What, you'd rather I yelled, 'I have to piss'?"

He started at that, and looked at me. "Okay, Er, what's going on?"

"I just have to go," I said.

He tried to be reasonable. "Look. One more ride and then you can go. Then we'll go grab something to eat, how's that?" He was actually trying to be nice, but by now my bladder was doing my thinking: one, it knew I'd never last through another ride, and two, it wanted to get rid of Roald. I saw a golden (no pun intended) opportunity to both piss and get Roald away from me at the same time.

So I agreed. "Okay. One more ride. Which one?"

"The rollercoaster," he said.

I almost laughed. What a perfect place. I took off the long-sleeved overshirt I'd had tucked into my shorts, knowing I'd need it to cover me when this ride was over. Now I had on only the shorts and a white and blue striped tank top. "Let's go," I said, and walked ahead of him.

The line for the rollercoaster was quite long, and that added fifteen minutes to my wait. I couldn't help it; I had to squeeze and fidget. I put my legs together and wrapped one around the other, trying to seem casual as I leaned against the fence. Roald looked at me sympathetically as I tried to remain still. "You weren't joking, were you?" he asked, speaking softly so we wouldn't be overhead. "You really do have to go."

Why was he being so nice? I kept my mouth shut and nodded, actually starting to think that maybe getting rid of him wouldn't be such a good idea. Then, of course, he blew it.

"All you women are the same."

"What?" We walked forward with the line, and I had to struggle not to lose control.

"You never see guys all twisted like that when *they* need to go."

I had actually thought the day was improving. "Excuse me, mister macho man," I whispered at him, angrily. "You can just go in bushes or whatever without having to undress. So just shut up, okay?"

"Maybe you should go now. I'll let people ahead of me until you get back." My tone of voice must have warned him of danger, to have him suggest that. And of course I was too proud to do as he said. I was going to stay the course.

"No. We'll be in the next bunch. I'll wait." Yeah, I'll wait until we're seated and the rollercoaster is running and *then* I'll do it, I added to myself.

He shrugged and stopped talking.

When the rollercoaster pulled up, I managed to get us in the seat right at the back. I wanted to gross Roald out, not everyone else.

We got in and pulled down the safety bar.

"You okay?" Roald asked, but I ignored him.

The ride started. It was a long one - I'd been on it the year before - and it had three loops. I crossed my legs. I had to wait until the loops were over. Didn't want people in front getting any of what I was going to do.

I held onto the safety bar as we went up and down and around, but I didn't scream. It was fun to scream, but I knew if I screamed I'd piss myself.

After the third loop I was wound so tight from excitement that I wondered if I'd even manage to carry out my plan. There were just a few more ups and downs left... it was now or never.

I unwound my arms from the safety bar so that I was only holding on with my hands. I uncrossed my legs. Roald wasn't looking at me. Good. I relaxed as much as I could. Nothing happened. I tried pushing, but I find that pushing sometimes makes it worse. Damn. We were going up now, and I knew what would happen... we crested the top, the rollercoaster rushed down, and I let go!

What a feeling. The piss just rushed out, into my panties and my pink shorts. It carried on coming even when we were on level track again, even when the rollercoaster slowed down. Now I did push, and there was so much it soaked the crotch of my shorts, my rear and puddled on the seat, starting to run off. I wondered if I'd stop by the time the ride was over. The pressure in my bladder was still quite intense. I just sat there, peeing happily.

"Oh my... geez." I'd been so caught up in the simple *pleasure* that I'd forgotten about Roald altogether. His words brought me back to reality. I forced myself to taper off, and felt the wonderful piss finally stop. I managed to look at him, but there was no shame on my face, only glee and triumph.

"I told you I had to go," I said.

Roald was inching away from the piss as the puddle spread over the plastic seat. I wanted to laugh, but I bit my lip to stop myself. The rollercoaster jolted and stopped just as Roald was looking ready to panic. The safety bar released, and he was out of the seat and the rollercoaster. I smiled, then stood up. I decided not to even cover myself. Not here, anyway. People would assume I'd pissed because the ride was so scary. I could deal with that.

As I got out, I looked down. The crotch and inside leg area of the shorts were wet, but the rest of the front wasn't. Not so the back. I knew my entire bottom must be dark pink from the wetness, and I was right. As I moved past other people, I heard a few gasps. They'd seen. I could feel the bottom back of the shorts flapping wetly against me, and the thought made me reckless. I walked over to the attendant.

"Uh... I got such a fright in the loops, I couldn't... I mean I had an... uh... I was in the last seat." I only stammered because I wanted to seem embarrassed. I wasn't embarrassed. I was proud. But I slung my shirt from around my shoulders and tied it over me to hide my wet backside. I couldn't help grinning at the look on the attendant's face when he got to my seat. I pretended to hurry out as he looked at me.

Roald was - surprise and shock - waiting for me. He was white, and it wasn't from the rollercoaster ride.

I stopped and gave him a barely disguised look of contempt. "What?"

"You did that on purpose," he accused.

"No, I didn't. I had to piss." No more mincing words with him.

"I told you I'd wait."

"And then I would have had to put up with your superior attitude."

"What makes you think I won't tell?" He tried to look smug, but he was still in shock, and I knew he'd never tell anyone. Nearly getting it on him had seen to that.

I was nonchalant. "So, go ahead and tell. I'll admit it. I don't care. I'll tell them that you wouldn't let me go."

"That's not true," he protested.

I shrugged. "Who do you think they'll believe?"

We were almost to his car. He stopped me and grabbed my shoulders.

"You're not even sorry, are you?"

"Not really," I said. And I wasn't. In fact, the pressure was starting to build again. But I'd better not torture Roald anymore.

"Here." He shoved 20 bucks at me. "Take the bus. I don't want to see you anymore."

I took the 20 bucks and decided to walk. "Okay," I said, and turned away.

When I got home twenty minutes later, my shorts were mostly dry. I felt giddy with euphoria. My plan had worked! No more putting up with Roald, and what I'd done on the rollercoaster... Oh wow. As I thought about how it had felt to piss myself, I felt the familiar pressure. I still needed to go, and I wasn't about to use the toilet, either.

No one was home at this time of day, so I went out into the back yard, sat down on the grass, and simply pissed myself again, soaking the shorts that had been struggling to dry. It felt soooo good...

