It had been ages since I had visited my aunt in the Midlands and since I was in the area on a business trip I decided to drop in. Aunt May was always happy to put up anyone who dropped in, whether they were expected or not, so I decided to surprise her and turn up unannounced. I arrived about 7pm on Friday evening, knocked the door, walked in and shouted "Hi!"
I was a little surprised when a young female voice shouted back, "Who's that?" I walked into the lounge and saw that Jenny and Jilly were sitting on the sofa with no sign of Aunt May. Jenny and Jilly were identical twins that lived across the road from Aunt May. They were about 23 years old and were absolutely gorgeous. "Oh, Hi Gord," said Jilly, "Your Aunt has gone away to her sister's for a long weekend and we are house sitting for her. She didn't say you were expected."
"No, I thought I'd give her a surprise." I replied.
"Never mind, you've given us a nice surprise instead," said Jenny, smiling sweetly. "How long can you stay? You must stay the night at least."
"Yes you have to, you must," agreed Jilly.
Persuaded, I agreed and took off my coat and went into the kitchen to make us a drink. When I returned to the lounge, complete with drinks, I noticed the twins looked a bit strangely at the drinks but they didn't say anything, both shrugged their shoulders, smiled and took their drinks. As we sat drinking and chatting I noticed they were a bit fidgety. "Have you two got ants in your panties?" I asked.
"Erm no, no. Don't be silly, of course not," said Jenny hastily. "Whatever gave you that idea?"
"Just that you two seem to be finding it hard to sit still," I said, "but never mind." We carried on chatting and watching the film that was on the TV during which Jen & Jill still couldn't sit still. After a while a scene with rushing waterfall came on with people bathing at the bottom of it.
Almost immediately Jilly cried out, "Ooooh, I don't need that!" completely forgetting I was there and ramming her fist firmly up her skirt into her crotch, and Jenny immediately followed suit. By now I was getting the message of what was going on and I was fast developing a severe erection.
"Oh I see," I said, "You two are playing one of your pee–holding games again are you?" They blushed a bit, smiled and nodded. "I thought you might have stopped those little games by now. After all it's been two or three years since we last played rude in your dad's garden shed." They'd managed to get things under a bit of control again by now and were just wriggling again.
"Do you remember the games?" asked Jenny. "We used to wait till one of us was desperate and we'd all pile in dad's shed and watch while they peed in the bucket. Sometimes we'd play with the stream of hot pee while it was coming out."
"Yeah, and sometimes you'd lean right back so we could get a better view of where it was coming from," I said.
"Ooh yeah, and you'd let us hold your big cock while you peed, and sometimes let us play with it afterwards," remembered Jilly.
"And I used to wipe your pussies dry & sometimes play with them too," I said. "So what's the game today then?"
"I supposed you'd call it a hold–it–athlon," explained Jenny. "We haven't had a wee–wee since our one just after breakfast this morning at eight o'clock."
"And we're trying to see how long we can hold on before we can't hold it back any more," continued Jilly. "It's almost certain that when it does come out, we'll both end up doing it together because being identical twins we often feel things like that together. Anyway we're starting to get really desperate now so I think we'd better get the stuff out."
"Yes, we almost lost it when the waterfall came on," said Jenny, and with that they picked up their rucksacks that were near them and pulled out some heavy polythene and towels, which they put carefully on the floor and on the sofa. "This'll protect your Aunt's furniture and carpet," said Jenny and they sat down again and resumed their fidgeting.
"So it's getting on for 12 hours now then," I said. "You must be really bursting."
"Yes we are" said the pair of them together, ramming their fists into their crotches again. "I don't think we can hold it back much longer."
"Are you wanting to pee in your clothes when the dam bursts or just wanting to hold it as long as possible before it bursts?" I asked.
"Just hold it as long as possible," said Jenny. "By the way, how about you? How are you feeling? Do you need a piss yet?"
"Ooh yes, it would be great if you could join in" said Jilly pushing her fist into her crotch violently.
"Well, I've got a stonking hard on right now," I replied, "but yeah, my bladder is a bit full I suppose. I could play along tonight and then we could do it again tomorrow if you like and we'd be all on equal terms." This brought forth smiles and nods and more violent pushing of fists into crotches. "Look, the reason I asked if you wanted to piss in your clothes is that you'll hold it another 5 or 10 minutes if you don't have clothes pressing on your bladders. Why not strip off?"
"Oooh, can't. Will pee as soon as I bend down," said Jilly and Jenny nodded, and then they both pushed their crotches again. "We might be able to hold it if you strip us off though," and again Jenny nodded.
"OK," I said and went over and began to strip them off. First off came Jilly's skirt, and then Jenny's. Then off came their blouses and then their tights.
As I went to remove Jenny's bra she grabbed my hand and stopped me. "Now you," she said. "You've got us down to our bras & panties, we want you to be stripped off first. Come on. Fair's fair." Jilly agreed, of course, so I stripped off myself. Stripped down to my underpants I went to continue with Jill & Jen but got told in no uncertain manner to get them off first, so off came my undies. I was stood there with my erect cock standing like a coat hook. They seemed happy with this and I moved forward to undo their bras. As I did they just had to stroke me.
"OY" I said. "If you keep doing that you'll be making me too excited and I won't be able to pee till I've calmed down a bit." They took no notice and continued stroking me. Eventually I got them both completely stripped off and relieved the pressure on their bladders a bit. This bought them an extra 15 minutes before they were again reduced to pee dances and pee hole pushing. "Right then," I said. "A change of rules. You can't press your own crotch to hold it in." This was greeted with cries of 'No, Not fair,' so I continued, "but you can press each other's." This was greeted with smiles and almost immediately the 2 of them moved their hands to push the other's crotch.
After about 5 or 10 minutes of this one of the twins cried out, "almost.....losing.....it.........Can't......hold......on......much.....longer."
"OK", I said, taking charge. "Hands back to your own crotch. When I say, you both let go of your crotch and then no touching it again. I want you to lean back on the sofa with your legs apart enough for me to see into your pussies a bit. Then I'll be watching to see who starts to pee first. OK?" They gave nods of agreement. "Go." The two of them let go of their crotches and leaned back, opening their legs like I'd said. They were bouncing up and down and clenching and unclenching their fists and then they both groaned and a trickle of piss appeared out of both their pussies at the same time. The trickles soon became streams and finally fountains. We all reached in and began splashing each other and were squealing quite loudly, having a great time. As their streams subsided my turn came and they both splashed me with my own stream. We had a great time.
"That was great but who won?" asked Jilly.
"Yeah, who started to wee–wee first?" asked Jenny.
"It was a draw. You both started to wee at exactly the same time." I told them.
"Something else we both do together then," they both said together.
"Something else?" I asked, "What else is it then?"
"Come on, let's get cleaned up and showered and then we'll show you," said Jenny with a grin, so we all piled into the shower and washed each other, then we all dried each other, playing very special attention to the intimate bits, of course, and then we retired to the bedroom and began to play with each other.
"So what else do you do together then?" I asked again.
Jilly just smiled and spread her legs, and so did Jenny. "Come play with us and you'll find out," one of them said, so I began to gently use my fingers to play with them both, and they began to gently stroke me. Of course we were all very, very aroused and it wasn't too long before I found the answer to my question, except that it wasn't something that just they did together. Somehow all three of us came to a tremendous orgasm at exactly the same time. We screamed and shouted and hooted. It is a good job Aunty's place is a detached house but still a wonder the neighbours didn't complain.
What a night that was, and the next day when we all started on equal terms, it was even better, but that's a tale for another time.
By: Gopher