Pissing Around The House
	A guy's first experience with piss play.
Author: CanadianForLife

I still remember my first time doing it. I had just got back from school and was locked out of the house. "Damnit," I thought. All I had to do was pee. Actually all I had to do was piss like Niagara. The bus ride home had nearly killed my bladder and I thought it was all coming out every time we hit a bump. So there I was, cross legged and bobbing like an idiot as I checked all the doors. I finally realized I wasn't getting in, and as a result if I didn't go now, outside, I could ruin my self internally.

I ran to the side of the house, away from all prying eyes, or so I thought. I unzipped my fly and let go. I must have stood there for 5 minutes, eyes closed the whole time, before I was done. God it felt good. Scratch that. It felt great. When I opened my eyes I noticed the streak of piss on the wall and the subsequent puddle it formed on the ground. I stared at it for a moment. A light yellow, full of bubbles. I had never looked at piss this way before. For the first time I looked at it in an erotic way.

For the rest of the week I pissed outside when I got home. I never got real adventurous though. Just the same spot day after day. By the end of the week it was losing its effect. It wasn't turning me on like it did the first couple times.

I went inside, got a drink and went to my room. That's when my parents came home and gave me some real good news. My dad told me that he had won a trip for two to Vegas and he and my mom were leaving tomorrow morning. I was excited for them. I knew how much they wanted to take a trip but always got caught up on details on when to go and for how long etc...Then I thought of my new found fetish. With the thought of peeing around the house for the next week in my mind I gave them a big hug and told them I'd help them pack.

They got up early in the morning and I saw them off. I went to the kitchen and immediately grabbed a large glass of water before sitting down at my computer. I opened up the web and looked for information on piss fetishes. I was amazed at how many people were also into it. I watched videos of girls pissing on each other, men pissing into women's mouths, people pissing in public. I looked up information on how to get the best thrill out of doing it. I was hard as a rock. A few sites gave the same information. When you feel like you have to go. Hold it. Drink More. Keep holding it until you physically can't any longer. They also said water, coffee, and alcohol were the best things to drink. I raided my dad's liquor cabinet, made a pot of coffee and got a few glasses of water. I took all the drinks back to my room and started downing them. Within an hour and a half I couldn't hold it any longer. Now I had to decide where to go.

I chose the bathroom. I got into the tub, laid on my back and aimed my cock to my face. I let go a thick stream of piss. It felt great. So warm and wet on my face, it was running down my neck and body. I opened my mouth and tasted it for the first time. I was in heaven. It tasted great. I took a big gulp of it. I gagged a bit on it but each drink went down easier. When I was done I stood up, and instead of rinsing off I rubbed the piss into my skin.

I went back to my room and repeated the process two more times. When the third time came around it was dark outside. I was also drunk from the liquor and wired from the coffee. I had energy. A drunken energy. I was feeling brave. I went downstairs to the back door, completely nude, and completely hard. I peeked out and when I was confident no one was looking I ran to the side of the house. My heart was racing as I let go another stream of piss against the wall. When I opened my eyes the area around me seemed to be brighter than it had when I arrived seconds ago. I blinked and I was in darkness again. I didn't think anything of it. Must've been the alcohol I assumed.

I ran back inside and decided I had enough for the day. I opened a video of a guy pissing into a woman's mouth and jerked off.

When I awoke the next morning I was laying in a pool of cum, and I smelled of dried piss. I took a shower and before rinsing off pissed all over myself again.

I continued playing this way for the next couple days, even missing a day of school so I could drink my own piss. By noon on Monday I was trashed. Having gone through half a bottle of Scotch since 9 am, I was in an 'I could care less' kind of mood. I stepped outside completely naked bottle in hand and walked over to the hammock in the shaded corner of our yard. My reasoning was it's Monday, and everyone is either at work, at school, or asleep if they work nights. No one would catch me. I pissed as I lay, letting it spray where it wanted. Then I fell asleep, or more likely, I passed out.

When I woke up, the sun was starting to set. I sat up and noticed something that wasn't there when I had fallen asleep. Or was it? I wasn't sure. The neighbor's clothes line was full. My mind started to race. Did anyone see me? No I was in the shade. But all they had to do was look over through the fence. I looked around quickly and made a b-line to my back door. Just as I opened it I heard my neighbor. Her name was Katerina, a mid 30's woman of Eastern European heritage. I almost passed out from nerves. Then she said, "Liam, I know you've been going to the bathroom outside for a couple days, if your toilet is broken you are more than welcome to use mine." I looked up at her just in time to see her wink at me then turn away.

I walked into the house with something more than "Shit I've been caught" on my mind. I was now thinking, "what the hell was she talking about?" In the back of my mind a voice was saying... "Find out stupid."
