Cindy at the Ball
	Posted on August 7, 2010
by Neville

It was Friday, and Cindy had sat down in the office canteen, feeling unhappy, and wondering what to do. She wanted to go to the charity ball that night, but couldn’t because she wasn’t a regular employee.

She had got very friendly with that tall and handsome man Daniel in the accounts section, and wanted to go with him. The problem was that she works as a cleaner, and the hours that she worked were different to Danny’s. She also had to put up with her awful boss Mrs James, who was very strict about cleaning standards in the office.

“Come on Cindy, give that floor a good scrub!” she would say, making sure that Cindy understood every word. Almost every hour of her shift, Cindy felt that Mrs James would be staring at her, demanding that she do her work. Even if she needed to pee, Cindy was often prevented from doing so.

“Where do you think you’re going?” Mrs James asked.

“Er, I’m just taking a break,” Cindy replied.

“Well, don’t you think you can just take a toilet break when you should be working. Do you have a weak bladder?”

Cindy replied truthfully. “Er, no.”

“So, you can hold your pee in until you finish your shift!” Mrs James said.

This happens most days. Cindy would be at work throughout her shift, which was seven hours a day , six days a week with only a half-hour break. When she got thirsty, she often drank from the bottle of water that she always brought to work. Whenever Mrs James felt that Cindy was slacking, she gave the poor cleaner more work, which made her even thirstier.

She eventually finished her work, but Mrs James didn’t allow her to go home until every part of her work was checked. That took approximately 45 minutes.

“Okay, Cindy, now you can go,” she said.

Cindy was in such a rush to get out of the office that she forgot to use the toilet, a decision that she may later live to regret. She managed to get onto the latest train out of town. When she sat on a carriage seat, she felt so tired that she yawned and fell asleep…

“Wake up! Wake Up! Wake Up!” a voice spoke loudly to Cindy. She opened her eyes, and was startled to see a middle-aged lady wearing a bright, all-white business suit, and waving a magic wand.

“Hello, Cindy,” she said.

“Who-who are you??” she asked, rubbing her eyes repeatedly. She was extremely confused, and wondered if she was either awake or still asleep.

“I’m your Fairy Godmother!” the woman replied.

“My what??” Cindy asked. She looked around to see whether the other passengers can see the woman too. Unfortunately for her, most of them were asleep.

“Your fairy Godmother!” the woman replied again. “Look, you fancy that dishy guy in accounts. Now here’s your chance to get closer to him.”

She gave Cindy a large silver bag. The girl looked stunned when she saw it.

“Go on, try it on!”

Cindy rushed to the nearest train toilet, which was difficult to change clothes because of the size, and eventually came out and showed what was a gleaming silver dress with diamond sequins on the front and a matching tiara to put on her head.

“Now Cindy, you shall go to the ball!” said the Fairy Godmother proudly, but offered a word of warning.

“In order to get your Prince Charming, you must return home before midnight, or you will lose everything.” After that, she opened the door to leave the carriage.

Cindy tried to follow her, but when she did so, the middle-aged woman had disappeared. She looked confused. Here she was with this big bag and wearing this lovely outfit given to her for free on a train. Anyway, after she reaching home and spent the next few hours getting ready, having a shower, doing her hair, and putting on her make-up. Soon, she put on her silver dress. The dress, with the sequins had dazzled in the light when she saw her reflection in the mirror. She later called Daniel to say she was going to the ball.

“Danny, I’ll be with you later,” she said.

“Brilliant, it’ll be great. I can’t wait to be with you,” said Daniel.

“What about the other office girls? They may not like seeing you going out with me,” Cindy said, sounding worried.

“I can handle them,” Daniel replied confidently.

Cindy was so busy getting ready for the ball that she had once again forgotten to use the toilet before she left, and while she was in the taxi on her way to the ball, she had become bursting to go.

“I’ll just go to the toilet when I get to the ball,” she thought.

She approached the place in town where the charity ball was taking place, and immediately she was almost the centre of attention as many people already heading inside were looking at her in her outfit. When she got inside, she met Daniel.

“Hi, Cindy. Wowwww, you look absolutely gorgeous!” Daniel said in amazement.

“Thank you,” Cindy replied. “You don’t look so bad yourself.”

She politely excused herself to make her way to the toilets. However, her plans to relieve herself took a turn for the worse as she saw a couple of long queues of women needing to go as well, despite it being quite early in the evening. She waited a few moments, expecting the queues to move quite quickly, however, it was apparent that the proceeded at a snail’s pace. She soon saw one of the office girls was crying. She looked at the girl’s trousers to see that she had already wet herself! Cindy looked at the girl’s wet trousers as she walked away, but now she had to think about how she was going to pee.

After about ten fruitless minutes, she returned to Daniel, where they spoke and danced almost completely all night. They had been sitting at the bar and had ordered a few drinks. Daniel noticed that Cindy had crossed her legs and started fidgeting.

“Are you okay, Cindy?” he asked.

“I’m okay, it’s no problem, just a bit cold,” she replied.

However, an hour later, Cindy was literally bursting to pee. Her fidgeting got steadily worse and she knew that unless she used the toilet soon, she would have a terrible accident in front of her hunky friend. She decided to return to the toilets to see if the queues had lessened. To her horror, they had got longer. Some of the women were so desperate they were openly holding themselves.

Cindy was herself becoming extremely desperate now. She was fidgeting badly, and only just resisted holding herself. What gave her some comfort was that she was also looking over the long queues for the mens’ toilets. Apparently, Daniel was told that three of the five urinals were out of order, and both of the cubicles were broken, so some of them couldn’t do a crap if they needed to.

Suddenly, she gasped, and only then she grabbed herself tightly through her dress to prevent some pee leaking out. She then bent double a few times in a bid t0 control her bladder muscles. Daniel, who had been waiting for Cindy, saw her in her current predicament.

“That queue isn’t going any faster anytime soon,” he said. “Come on, we can go outside for a discreet place to pee.”

Cindy followed Daniel outside, but now with her hand inbetween her legs and on the verge of wetting herself. Suddenly she was jolted by a passer by, which made her start to leak into her knickers.

“Daniel, I don’t think I can hold on any longer!” she said.

“Just hang on until we can find somewhere to go,” Daniel replied.

Cindy was at that point trying… and failing… to prevent squirting small spurts of pee into her knickers. Then she just couldn’t take it any more. She just stopped on the pavement, looked down her dress and started to pee. She felt the pee soak her knickers and run down her thighs. Within a few moments she saw the pee form a small puddle underneath, which managed to run its way down to a nearby drain. After she finished, she began to sob a little. Suddenly she heard the chimes of a nearby clock tower. She looked at her watch, then she heard the clock chimes … it was midnight. She became shocked and frightened. Without thinking she rushed to the taxi rank, pushed into the queue for the taxi, and asked the driver to take her home. Daniel chased after her.

“Cindy, where are you going? Don’t go!” he called out to her.

“Leave me alone!!” Cindy screamed back, and before he could reach her, the taxi had already been driven off from the rank into the night. She looked back at him from the window, and spent the rest the entire ride home sat on her wet dress crying. When she got home, she took off her wet dress and looked at the soaked area where she had been holding herself. Throwing it on the floor, she rushed up to the bathroom to sit down and began crying again. After a few moments, she had fallen asleep…

“Hello… hello…. wake up,” said a voice. Cindy tried to ignore the call, but she eventually woke up from her slumber, the first thing that she noticed was the smell… it smelt like wee. She slowly looked down to her trousers to see that she did actually wet herself. The crotch area had been soaked, the seat and the floor around where she sat was wet. She began to feel embarrassed, then realised that she had never been to the charity ball with Daniel, but was still back on the train. The driver had shaken her several times before she woke up. To make things worse, she had failed to get out at her stop and now had to find her way home in her wet trousers.

