Title: Pregnancy Desperation
	Entry to: Month 30
By: Anon

This is another letter regarding the "hold it" theme that I just thought of this morning. Several years back I had to under go an ultrasound for pregnancy and I would like to share the experience that I had back then. The story is true but I will try to give as much detail as I can so that it will be interesting but truthful and I hope that this meets the ideas of this theme. I will do this in a time format as well as a story.

6 am. I get up and believe me that is not easy when you are 6 months pregnant. Today is the day that I must under go a second ultrasound as they are concerned about a couple of things but they assured me that this is just precautionary and there is nothing to worry about. My appointment is for 9 am so must get ready to go.

6.30 am. Just finished eating so off to the shower I go then get dressed. I decide that I will wear track pants that are maternity style for comfort with white cotton panties and a T-shirt. I will soon have to drink lots of water as I have to drink at least 48 ounces of water and be done 1 hour before my test.

7.30 am. I then decide that I had better have 1 last pee before I start to drink the water. I will take 1 hour to drink it and I will need to leave at 8.30 am. I pour my self 6 glasses of water and put them on the table, I find that drinking cold water in that quantity too hard so I like it slightly warmer than cold. I am going to drink 2 glasses every 20 minutes so as not to rush into it. 

The first 2 glasses were ok and refreshing and my stomach is feeling somewhat full now. Once the first 20 minutes passed I then drank the 3rd glass and 4th glass which was hard to get down but I managed. When the timer went off for the last 2 glasses my tummy was feeling quite full so I am going to wait a few more minutes. Once it was time to drink the last 2 I thought I would be sick but somehoe I managed to get it down and it does feel awful.

8.30 am. Water drinking is done and I better get going. I am now getting the feeling of my bladder starting to fill up so I better hurry. The drive there is about 20 minutes as it is close by house. After being in the car for 10 minutes I now have to pee, nothing major but I do have to go.

8.50 am. Traffic is a little heavier than usual so I am going to get there just in time for 9 am. I am now getting stronger urges to pee at this point so I need to get out of this car soon.

9 am. God I have to pee something awful. The walk into the clinic will help as moving around usually does. I walk into the office and tell them I am here. They say so and have a seat it will be a few minutes. I sit down and think I hope they don't make me wait too long.

9.15 am. I am bursting to pee now I wish they would hurry up I can't take this. I need to sit with legs crossed tightly. Damm I got to go badly. I must get up and move around. Standing was not easy but that did help by moving around the room. I ask the person and she says rudely you need to be patient. A few minutes another person came out and said I am sorry but we are late so not much longer.

9.30 am. I am now sitting again with an over whelming need to pee. I feel like I am going to burst. My crotch is aching like crazy and massaging it is losing it's effect. My muscles are going numb down there. I cannot hold out much longer.

9.40 am. Finally they call me in. I now can hardly walk down the hall. I am trying to walk with my legs tightly together and my hand in my crotch. I get into the room and lye on a table. Now comes the hard part. I have to lye still. The guy leaves the room. The urge comes in major waves and my muscles are aching.

9.45 am. Her re-enters and exposes my tummy for the test. He puts this cold device on my stomach and I just about lost it but I did not. He then moves this sensor around taking pictures. He then pushes on my stomach he says to try and find the baby but I could have punched him as he caused wave to come over me that I almost lost it. Damm, stop it, I am barely holding on, stop, please, I plead to him. He does am I am in agony as my pee is trying to force it's way out. Then I feel a tiny spurt escape. I ask him to hurry up.

He says the he needs to push again and I should let him know when the wave stops. After the wave stops I let him start again. Once he pushes I get the most unbearable wave hits. I tell him and he says hang on almost done. I am now putting every ounce of concentration I have. I can feel my muscle weakening. Another spurt of pee escapes. I squeeze my muscles harder and it's not working as good. Another spurt of pee escapes. I tell him hurry I am leaking.

One more minuts he says. Another spurt escapes. My panties are damp now and I have no clothes to changes into. Then I start a constant leak. I cannot stop leaking. Then a major spurt of pee comes out, first slowly. I stop it and then let go and stop and let go until I cannot control it amy more. I start to pee very strongly and a it pours onto the floor. I have no clothes to change into as I soak my track pants. Now I have to go home wet. He said that he did not finish but with what they did get they should be ok.

Thats what happened and all was ok with the baby who is now much older of course. 

