The Candidate
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

It was the day of the local elections, and Hazel, one of the candidates standing in her local area, was doing last minute canvassing of local residents. The problem is that much of the area is mostly full of tower blocks, and she and her colleagues found it difficult to get inside them because of the increased security.

Her day started at around seven on an extremely cold morning. She was told there was a three-hour window to get a “Good Morning” leaflets delivered to an estate with three tower blocks….. that was when the security doors were unlocked so residents can get their letters or milk first thing. However, when she tried to burst through the security door, one of the security guards shouted to her.

“Oi! What do you think you’re doing?”

“I’m a candidate in today’s local elections and I have to deliver these leaflets to this block,” Hazel replied.

“Why?” asked the security guard, sternly.

“Hey, do I look like a criminal?” Hazel shouted back.

“Er… okay, I’ll let you go,” the security guard said, looking confused.

Hazel dashed into the lift and pressed the button for the top floor (each of the blacks had thirteen floors each). Suddenly, the lift stopped after the fourth floor. Hazel looked worried and pressed the buttons on the wall, but to no avail. She was beginning to think she was trapped in the lift. She tried the emergency phone, but it didn’t work…. it had been vandalised so many times the council simply stopped trying to repair it. To make things worse, she felt the need to pee…. she had two large mugs of tea before setting out and they were going through her body very quickly. She started shouting and banging her fist on the door.

“Hello? Hello! I’m trapped in the lift! If anybody can hear this, please call the guard!”

But nobody heard her, and by now she was getting desperate. She tried calling her colleague on her mobile phone.

“Arrgh! No signal!” she groaned, now trapped in the lift, the security guard was unaware of her plight and is now desperate to pee. She sat down near one side of the lift, crossed her legs tightly, and hoped the problem will be resolved as soon as possible.

About half an hour passed, and still no sign of help. Hazel was now rocking on the floor and trying to tighten her bladder muscles. Suddenly, she heard some banging on the other side of the door.

“Hello? Hello? Hello?”

“Hey, what on earth is going on?” Hazel shouted back.

“We’re from the fire brigade, we’ll try to get you out,” said the voice. Then….silence… and later Hazel was fidgeting violently, she was so desperate to pee that she felt she was on the verge of letting go several times.

“Oh, goodness, please don’t make me we myself, not here, not now!” she mumbled to herself. Moments later, she heard the voice from the fire brigade.

“Sorry about that, we had to get the equipment to open the doors. We’re ready to get you out now.”

Hazel was delighted to hear the news, but she was still very desperate to pee. She by now had one hand in her crotch and tightening her bladder muscles even more trying to delay the inevitable. As the fire brigade were trying to break open the lift door, she felt she just couldn’t hold on any longer, so she got up, unzipped and pulled down her trousers and panties, then crouched over the bare floor and let her golden liquid gush out of her pussy. She breathed a huge sigh of relief as she let go all her water and heard it splashing all over the floor.

“Are you alright in there?” the voice asked, sounding worried.

“Ohhhhh, yessss!” replied Hazel softly, as the last drops of her pee came out of her pussy.

After finishing, she quickly pulled back on her panties and trousers, and fastened them again. She tried to compose herself as the workmen finally managed to open the lift door.

“Open sesame!” one of them joked.

“That wasn’t funny. I was stuck in this lift for a long time,” Hazel complained. Another workman looked at the wet pee puddle on the floor.

“Hey, did you do this?” he asked. Hazel’s face blushed on hearing the question.

“Did you think I peed on the floor, eh!?!?” she then shouted and walked down the block’s narrow staircase to go outside. She felt embarrassed about the whole situation. Luckily, she was in a position to do something about the problem lift, because later that night she heard that she had been elected to the council.

