Title: Sarah H

By: Assassin

This is a true story that fits the Improvident part perfectly.

Sarah was a tall woman, medium brested, and really nice and forgetful to a point where she would somtimes get into real trouble. I often rode my bike to work with her or just hung out in my back yard. We were friends sence we were 3. Often she would end up at our house and announce that she needed to pee and asked if she could use the restroom. Now her parents had a rule that if you came bakc home you couldn't go to play again untill the next day. My parents had a rule that no one could use the restroom in our house because they didn't want to clean often unflushed toilets. Often this leave her no option but to squat by a tree and piss through her pants. One time we were riding bikes and she ended up a couple miles from anywhere with the need to piss.

She just let loose on her bike and had 2 streams leaking out of both sides of her shorts where we went. Often we would be walking home from school and as I normally was with groups of guys on the way home we wipped out our dicks and pissed on walls when we couldn't hold it. She would be forced to pee in her pants as she couldn't hold it. The reason escaped me for awhile then I started noticing her behavior. She would never use the restroom before going anywhere. I guess she found it a waste of time but without going she would return home at least once a day with wet clothes. She moved away when I was 8 to colorado. I never saw her again untill one day when I was applying for a part time job. I walked into the lobby and signed in then turned around. I saw her unchanged face but around her face she had changed from a chubby girl to a beautiful woman. I casually sat down next to her and started to speak as if we had never been seperated.

"How's life been treating you sarah." she turned and for the first time is years saw my face. We immediatly embraced but she suddenly pulled away. "I'm sorry but I need to pee real bad and there is no restroom here." I looked around and indeed there was not. We sat there for about a half an hour while other applicants were interviewed. Suddenly she cried, "Oh, shit!" I looked over and saw that a large damp spot had appeared on her jeans. She stood up and walked outside. I followed and asked "what hapopened?" Well I just didn't visit the ladies room before coming here. Can you give me a ride home I came on a bus and don't want to face any more embarassment." Her face was very red so I said sure and we walked out into the parking lot.

We got to my car she let a little bit of pee go and said she didn't want to ruin my seat or her clothes. I put a towell on the seat and we drove off. Half way through the drive she started to fidget fiercefully knowing she should have let more out. We got to her place and as she started to stand up she couldn't hold it any more. She flooded her pants and couldn't stop. She ran inside but was done by the time she got to the bathroom. She apologised and I said it was okay. We didn't see each other for awhile. Well I finally got a job and on my first day she welcomed me there as apparantly she had gotten it to. On occasion she still has accidents because of her not planning ahed.

