Installation
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I got a new telephone at home cause I signed a new contract with another provider. So I also got some new hardware for the connection which has to be installed. After a hard day at work with some appointment at a clients office I came home and noticed that my boyfriend hadn't installed it already like I had told him to do and so I would have to got it working. But first of all I had to pee because usually I try not to use the restroom during outside appointments and I drank a few cups of coffee there so my bladder was now ready to be emptied and I felt an prominent urge. After the relief I would have to work through the cable jungle.

I dropped down the keys, got off my shoes and jacket at the same time and rushed to the bathroom door. But my friend was inside the bathroom and so I was forced to wait a bit longer and I sat down in the living room and read some headlines of the newspaper to distract me from my urgent need to pee. Walking up the stairs to my flat had been a bit painful but also the movement helped me somehow and now as I was sitting the urge increased quickly. I was shifting my legs but wasn't comfortable at all so I got up again and walked into the kitchen to see if he left a mess there also but it was clean. Then I walked over to the wardrobe to the shoes which I only kicked off before and put them inside the shoe case. Walking calmed down the urge a bit but also made me pass the not working phone a few times more.

I walked to the bathroom again and asked how long he would stay in there and that I have to pee bad. I often tell him when I have to pee but he never reacts like I would like to. Bad luck, but thank you Dave, that there is Bound2Burst. He answered that he was actually in the shower and would need a few minutes more, so I took the manual of the phone and started as described. It distracted me from my need and decreased my anger also because I hate it when every little work to do at home lays there over weeks.

It took me maybe 20 minutes to do like explained and as I tried the phone in the end I found out that it wasn't working. I was swearing at the company. By now I had to pee quite bad and was very fidgety what wasn't helpful for my concentration but I tried to retrace every single step. The bathroom was empty now, but if I am in progress to something I don't like to interrupt it. So I checked the assembling once again and didn't find any mistake.

My boyfriend came by and said like usually that he would have done that for sure very soon and we nearly started to argue about that and then he said that the way I was sitting there looks like it would be the better way to use the bathroom first. Of course I was sitting there not very relaxed with crossed legs and slight bouncing knees because I had to pee now really bad. But first hand I don't like to interrupt an action and the other hand I don't like to get treated like that so I carried on and after maybe ten minutes of testing and trying I decided to take my cell phone and called the service line.

After an eternal time of waiting I got connected with a service man. I told him the problem and worked through the hardware together with him.

My boyfriend left the flat now and was glad about that because I was now really fidgeting around like a little girl to hold back my pee.

Another five minutes later the service man agreed that I did it correct and at this time I was squirming around in my chair massive to hold back my pee. God luck that you can't see the others on telephone. Then he told me to connect the modem with my computer to change some settings. I had to get up to take the computer and found out that I was not able to stand straight anymore. I had to pee so bad that I was walking bend over through my flat, grabbing my waistband to lower the pressure onto my bladder.

Then I connected my computer to it and waited until the software was working. I had now my left hand constantly between my legs because I was now absolute desperate to pee.

I became frantic and sitting was not comfortable either now so I got up again, bend at the waist with crossed legs and rested my elbows at the telephone table to comfort myself a bit.

Frequently I had to put my free left hand between my legs because I was about to loose control now. But every now and than the service man told me to enter some codes and words and numbers into the computer so I had to take it away to type because in the other hand I had the phone.

I was bending my knees but felt that I was at the end of my ability to hold much longer. I clamped my cell phone between my ear and my shoulder to get my right hand free to hold myself.

But without being able to rest my elbows the pain inside my abandon was unbearable. I had to sit down again but my waistband was cutting inside my bladder that I moaned noticeable. The guy on the other end asked if I was okay. I tried to get up again and said that I was alright and for an excuse I said that I was tiered of all those technical terms.

I was dancing on the spot in agony now because I felt my pee coming out every second. Also my cellphone was slipping away so I had to readjust it again what ment taking away the hand between my legs. But exactly at this time we had to wait for an answer of the system so I didn't need my left hand to type anymore. So I took my cell phone with my left hand now. Suddenly the urge increased massive and I moaned again loud. I pressed between my legs with all strength I had and managed to regain control. But again the urge came back and I had to hold an as hard as I could now and exactly now the guy asked for some code located in my manual. I was not able to speak because I was holding my breath not to pee my pants. After two seconds the guy asked again and I was now able to talk again and told him the code with a trembling voice.

I now again tried to clamp the cellphone and then opened my waistband with my left hand.

So I was able to sit down again because I felt before that standing was not longer possible without loosing control. I sat down and for a moment was back in control. I massaged my bladder area a bit because I was in pain now. I asked the man how long it would take to finish in panic because I knew time was running out. He told me that we would have finished in less than five minutes.

Again I had to type a number and to do this I had to bend more to reach the keyboard. This caused another cramp and I had to press hard between my legs. I felt that it was a loosing battle now. I was squirming in my chair, moaning from time to time because I simply couldn't control it anymore. I don't know what the guy was thinking but of course he must have noticed that there was something wrong.

Then I felt a trickle escape.

I got frantic and thought about ending conversation but then I would have to go through all of this again, so I had to stay. But I wasn't able to hold on. I had started to loose it. So I knew the next spurt could be so strong that I was peeing my pants.

I didn't care of anything now anymore and I asked if he could stay in line for a minute. He didn't expect this and asked what I wanted from him.

I nearly shouted into the phone: "Please stay, I have to pee!" and threw away the cell phone and tried to get up. Another trickle escaped by this and I was now pressing both hands between my legs and hobbled to the bathroom. At the door I had to stop walking and bend over more. I nearly lost it and in the last effort I bend my knees hold my breath and managed one time more to hold it back. Then I carried on, put down my pants turned round and sat on the bowl with one movement and pee was starting immediately to come out.

After a long pee I hurried back to the phone and was glad that he was still in line. I wasn't sure if he would have been able to hear my pee splashing in the bowl but I also didn't care now. I will never meet him, he don't know me so why to be embarrassed.

He said that he never had this before, then we carried on with the installation and now it is working.

