By the time I'd turned 20, I had experimented a little with being desperate to pee but hadn't really experienced any significant incidents because I was too shy to test it out.
I was single at the time and hadn't seen much action for a while and was feeling the frustration a little. I decided I would go out with the girls for a night at a few bars and see what happened, at this point not even thinking about my desperation fascination. We went for a few drinks at a friend?s house before getting the tube into London, and I made sure I peed before we left, more out of small bladder habit than any strong urge to go.
Alcohol for some reason works quicker on my bladder than the rest of me so by the time we got off the tube I was getting pretty desperate and tried to hurry the girls along. As soon as we were in the bar I made for the bathrooms and to my relief there were free stalls. It was still a close call. I got in, turned to close the door as fast as I could, stepping from one foot to the other on tip toes. I could feel my body anticipating the relief and starting to let go and I pulled up my skirt as fast as I could. I started peeing the second my panties were down and before I had even touched the seat– a close call.
There were a couple more of these through the evening as alcohol worked its magic and I kept putting off visits to the bathroom because my friends didn't need to go as often as I did, but no accidents.
We had sat next to a group of boys and at some point we got talking to them about the usual stuff; work, mutual friends we might have etc.
Being a little tipsy and also partly to do with my dry–spell at the time, I ended up inviting myself back to the house of one of the guys. We left together at closing time and he said his house was just around the corner. I was feeling a slight urge to pee but for a few minute walk I'd be fine, I decided.
'Just around the corner' turned out to be a 15 minute walk and by the time we got to his front door I was practically peeing myself. Trying to save face in front of my new friend I was cutting back on my usual holding techniques but to avoid peeing I had to do something! I was taking small fast steps and trying to pull up my panties under my skirt to pit a bit of pressure on my crotch.
When we stopped at his front door I was absolutely beside myself. I was certain that if I stopped moving my legs I wouldn't be able to hold it in so I frantically scissored them up and down while he was unlocking the door and even then I felt a trickle almost escaping. I quickly grabbed my crotch and squatted down a little to put as much pressure on my pussy as possible but it only helped a little. He opened the door and I practically ran inside, pretending to look around the house in interest when it was just to keep my legs moving and to search for the toilet. I found it and made an excuse, locking myself in as fast as I could. Knowing relief was so close was too much for my tortured bladder and I squirted a jet of pee into my panties. I tore them down while I was still peeing and sat on the toilet letting it all go. My panties and my thighs were soaked. I cleaned my legs as well as I could and went to pull up my panties again but there was no way I could get away with my friend not noticing.
"They?re gonna come off anyway" I thought to myself and put them in my jacket pocket.
Whether it was the desperation, the alcohol or a mixture of the two I don't know but I was suddenly feeling very aroused. I strutted out, naked crotch barely hidden by my short skirt, and sat on the sofa next to where he was sitting.
We chatted and kissed for half an hour or so when we heard the sounds of his flat mate coming home.
I was starting to feel the need to go pee again (damn alcohol!) but I was rushed into the bedroom before I could object.
In a second we were all over each other, and my need was temporarily forgotten in place of a much greater (at the time) need for a different satisfaction. His hands caressed my body and mine his; he found his way under my skirt and was clearly pleasantly surprised when he felt the lack of underwear.
His fingers pressed inside me with the palm of his hand rubbing my clit. I was getting close to coming already so I pushed myself down on to his hand but he withdrew it at the last minute. Almost overcome with lust, I pushed him on to the bed and took off all my clothes and then ripped his off.
I climbed on to him and was about to put him inside me when I spotted the handcuffs.
"What are these then?" I asked, playfully twirling them around with my pussy just centimetres from his erection.
"They're... Erm... I..." he stuttered clearly embarrassed that I had spotted them.
For some reason, my inhibitions were lowered I guess, and I was REALLY horny, I rolled on to my back and handcuffed myself to the bedpost.
"Is this how they work?" I smiled.
"I should probably find the key before we go any further" he grinned back and started rummaging in a drawer on the other side of the room.
With my mind less distracted, the full force of my desperation hit me, and I actually had to cross my legs in surprise. Once again I was desperate but now I had gone and locked myself, naked, to a bed and there might not even be a key!
After what seemed like eternity, he found the key, put it on the bedside table and clinked on to me, fingers caressing me in the expert way they had before. The only difference now was that they were stimulating not only my clit but my bladder, and I had to squirm against his hand to stop myself peeing. He took this as a sign I was enjoying it, which I was, and pressed harder. I couldn't take it much longer so I pulled him up on to me and then used my right hand to grab my pussy. I was very wet but I'm still not sure what fluid this was, I pushed hard on my pee hole and it helped but I knew there was only one way to finish this, I couldn't very well handcuff myself to the bed and then ask to be released almost straight away.
I kept my hand on my pussy as he entered me and I could feel his cock pushing against my full bladder. I was wriggling furiously but he seemed to be enjoying it and not noticing. My right hand was pressed against my pee hole and clit while he slowly and rhythmically massaged my bursting bladder with his cock.
All of my wriggling, clit touching and desperate holding was turning me on a huge amount and I could feel an orgasm coming. His speed was increasing and he was getting close too. My hand was grasping and wriggling on my pussy and my pelvis was thrusting harder and harder but the more I tried to hold it in the closer I got to coming.
When he started to come he sped up again and pulled my close to him, compressing my bladder from the front with his body and the inside with his cock. Not even my hand could hold it in and I started peeing and coming at the same time. The result was an incredible wet, warm and slippery orgasm which kept going and going. I peed all over myself, him, the bed, and the floor, and after he had finished coming I was still going, peeing and shaking with the most powerful orgasm I had ever had.
"So you're a squirter then, wow..." he said after our breathing had returned to normal.
If only he knew.
By: Jenny Wet