The sunlight shone in from the east, filtering through the white curtains, casting patterns upon the hardwood floor of the upstairs bedroom. The window was open, the cool morning breeze wafting gently throughout the room, birds chirping as the new day began. Next to the window, to the left, stood a cabinet, filled with picture frames and mementos. On top of the cabinet sat an old alarm clock, manual wind, a worn cell phone, and a hairbrush. A few bobby pins lay next to the hairbrush, along with a torn piece of paper with a phone number on it. To the right of the window there was open space; only a faded picture of an old Elle magazine cover hung sloppily in a cheap frame. Within the wall to the right of the window there was a full–length closet, the sliding door wide open, girls clothes hung in disarray, shoes and boots crammed in below. A small chest of drawers was next to the right side of the closet, it's drawers filled with jeans, tops, and underwear. The top drawer was slightly open and a pair of thin black panties, string bikini style, hung halfway over the edge. On the top of the chest lay another picture frame, a double frame. On the left side a picture of an awkward teenager aged about 13. On the right side, a photograph of a stunning teenager in a floral colored bikini, taken a few weeks ago on the day before she turned 18. The picture on the left was faded and dusty, a family snapshot. The picture on the right was almost professional looking, better clarity, and more color, obviously taken recently. A silver watch lay in front of the frame, another torn scratch of paper placed underneath it, a number written on it and underlined for emphasis. To the right of the picture was a birthday card, one week old. The large number 18 was embossed, in pink and blue sparkle, on the front, the smudges of birthday cake fingerprints along the edges. Along the left side from the window, moving away from the cabinet was another empty wall. She hadn't decided what she wanted to hang there just yet – hence the emptiness. In the center of the room lay a double bed. Along the opposite wall from the window was a large oak desk, a relic from her grandfather before he passed away. Books and notebooks lay in disarray on the desk, a few pens and half–chewed pencils were scattered about. In the corner, near the door to the hallway, a tall lamp stood. The wall behind it was covered in posters and pictures, fashion magazine spreads, pop stars, posters of famous woman athletes, a picture of a famous ice skater and a famous gymnast were most prominent. The door was locked from the inside, a full–length poster of a famous woman soccer player stuck on it. To the left of the door was a full–length mirror, old and dusty, set in an old frame, an inheritance from her grandparents.
She lay in the bed, her one arm cuddling her pillow, her other arm outstretched towards the corner of the bed. The light blue sheet was in disarray and only covered her calves. Face down, she tossed and turned again, mumbling something unintelligible in her slumber. Long dark hair flowed in disarray down her bare back, glints of shine sparkling in the cool dawn as the morning light filtered into her room and reflected off her shiny hair. Her body was bent slightly, her right knee angled towards the edge of the bed, her left leg straight. Her pink nylon string bikini panties stood out in contrast to the light blue sheets as she lay there, slowly coming out of her sleep. The tight shiny fabric hugged her perfectly rounded butt, the tufts exposed from the lack of coverage of her underwear. She switched arms, fidgeting again, turning slightly to lie on her left side, her right breast, bare, now exposed. Her nipple quickly grew erect as the cooler air touched it. She groped and found the sheet and tried to cover herself with it, pulling it up to her shoulder. She moved again, lying face down. One hand reached between her legs, the discomfort slowly starting to awaken the sleeping teenager. Tangled in the sheets now, she reached back and pulled the sheet back. Once again her bared back and her butt were exposed. Groggy, she tried to focus on what she was feeling. An extreme pressure became noticeable in her abdomen as she slowly woke up. She sighed and tried to put the pressure away, and moved her head, clutching the pillow tightly, wanting to sleep some more. Breathing, she couldn't relax. Her body, awakening with every passing "tick" of her old wind–up alarm clock wouldn't allow it. The tormenting pressure that had built within her through the night was quickly becoming a nuisance. Finally waking up, Kristen realized she needed to pee– very badly. "Shit," she swore softly to herself, wanting to sleep further. Moving again, she tried to hold off for a few more minutes, desperate for a little more sleep. The pressure grew stronger, as the more she began to awaken, the stronger the pulsing, pounding sensation in her bladder grew. Kristen needed to pee extremely badly, but she held on, trying to grasp the last minutes of sleep. Turning to one side made it worse, she lay face down again, not wanting to move. She needed to go to the bathroom so badly now the stinging pain was constant, throbbing, and incessant as her bladder cried out in agony. Kristen tossed, wishing she didn't have to pee so badly, wanting to relax, to snooze a little more. "Just a few more minutes," she thought, and she clutched her pillow with both hands, fighting off the incredibly strong throbbing sensation that was her bladder screaming for desperate relief, the night agony as it had been stretched to capacity, full, demanding release. For a few minutes she started to doze off again, but was quickly awoken by her alarm clock clanging, out of reach, over on the cabinet. There was no way to reach it without getting up. She woke up, her eyes wide open, and her bladder pulsated violently within her. The most incredible urge to urinate overtook her body and just as Kristen thought about getting up to shut off the alarm, a pressurized wave of pain overtook her body and she immediately clenched her pee hole shut, panicking, needing to pee so badly she knew she was in trouble, barely able to control her bodies most extreme urge. She clenched hard, her muscles taut, but to no avail. Squirming in the bed as she started to awaken, Kristen suddenly lost control and wet into her panties for two seconds, the hot pee screaming out of her pee hole, quickly dampening her thin underwear, moistening a five inch spot in her blue sheets. She froze in panic and quickly got up, clenching her muscles, stopping herself from wetting in her panties any further. Looking down in horror and shame, she saw the wet spot in her sheets, dark blue from the pee. She looked down at her panties, the same thing, a large stain in the front, her dark, curly pubic hair obvious through the wet fabric, her body throbbing because she needed to pee SO badly. She felt another violent spasm, she barely held on, her body demanding relief, it was an emergency now, and she was starting to wet herself and could barely control her bladder. Getting up, she lunged for the alarm clock and missed, throwing it to the hardwood floor, crashing and banging at it collided with the floor. Reaching down, Kristen peed for just the slightest moment, a little pee jetted again out of her tortured pee hole. The wet stain on her panties grew, she felt the warmth of her hot urine as she leaked into her panties again, and a tiny trickle of pee ran down her left inner thigh as she recovered the old alarm clock and shut it off. She stood there in fright, having to pee so badly she knew she wouldn't even have time to change into something to make it to the bathroom before she'd explode into her panties. Standing in front of the open window, she opened the curtain and gazed out as she closed the window, pulling the window down. One of the tenants in the duplex next door was sitting on her little porch, directly across and slightly lower than her window. The woman, a dark haired girl about 27 was sitting in a short silvery–blue satin nightgown, sipping coffee in the morning, and didn't appear to notice Kristen, who of course was half naked, her nipples thrust out from the cool air, with a large wet spot on her panties from where she had started to pee on herself. Turning toward the closet, a strong surge of pressure overtook her, and she tried everything to keep the pee inside this time, straining, clenching; her face tense in pain as she tried to keep from wetting herself any further. She couldn't wait; she HAD to go pee. Now. She rushed to the door. She heard her Dad downstairs. Good, he'd be with Mom, so the coast was clear. She could get to the bathroom and pee without anybody knowing. Her older sister wouldn't be up yet anyway – she and her new best friend had spent the night at their place and Kristen was sure they had partied all night anyway. She opened the door, and headed quickly and quietly out into the hallway, walking in her bare feet along the hardwood floors, trying not to make a sound. She struggled as she walked, fighting another fiercely powerful wave of pressure, the stinging sensation constant, and the pain immense inside of her. Her muscles taut, she could barely walk upright, but she did. Her bladder SCREAMED at her. She passed by the staircase leading downstairs when her sisters' friend, who was staying with them, rushed out of her sister's room into the bathroom before Kristen could get there! "Shit," she mumbled. She tried to fight off the spasm, but to no avail. Shaking, another spurt of pee escaped her struggling urethra, and just as quickly, another small trickle of pee ran down her inner thigh, pooling near her bare feet as she stood, in total desperation, on the hardwood floor. Somehow she clenched the flow again. It was getting harder each time, her body NEEDED to release, and Kristen could barely hold on. She knew she was losing the battle. She looked down. The damage was obvious. A large wet spot on her panties, obvious for all to see. Anybody who looked at her would know she had started to wet her pants. And she was 18 years old. She felt ashamed. Another spasm. She struggled, but held on, the pressure increasing again, the pain so intense she could barely breath. "HONEY, are you UP?" her mother yelled up the stairs. Kristen panicked. She didn't want her parents to see her topless in the hallway, and with a big pee stain in her underwear too. She didn't say anything, and moved over in front of the bathroom door, waiting, struggling to keep from peeing into her panties, while her sister's friend used the bathroom. The toilet flushed, and Kristen felt relieved. Finally she could go pee. "HONEY??" her mother yelled, her voice louder. "Yes?" Kristen said, barely able to talk, struggling with the words as she concentrated on holding her pee inside her. "Come here and let me talk to you." Kristen panicked. As her sister's friend left the bathroom she giggled, seeing Kristen standing in the hallway, and giggled louder when she realized that Kristen had wet the bed or something and had a huge wet spot in her pink panties. The girl was gorgeous, long blonde hair, tall, thin, nearly perfect legs, flat abs, and icy blue eyes. She was wearing a loose nightshirt and a pair of white underwear. Kristen was jealous, she knew she had a decent body herself, but her sister's friend was incredible. "Shut UP Rachel!" she whispered, annoyed that her sister's friend was just standing there, giggling as she watched Kristen squirm in total bathroom desperation. "HONEY??" Her mother called out again. Kristen swore and walked halfway over to the stairs to talk to her mother, hiding her half naked body from her. "WHAT, Mom?" she yelled back. "OH, HONEY, GOOD Morning. Look, I just wanted to remind you of your appointment today. Your job, remember?" "YES, MOTHER," Kristen yelled down the stairway. She needed to go pee so badly now she couldn't stand still. Her leg was twitching, her knees were shaking, her bladder was screaming, tormenting the eighteen year old girl as she walked quickly back to the bathroom, her pee hole about to explode. Rachel still stood there, giggling still, watching Kristen struggle to keep from peeing into her underwear any more. Kristen rushed, about to burst. Just as she neared the door, her sister rushed out of the bathroom and cut her off, clutching herself, wearing boxer shorts and an old T–shirt. "Jenny!!" Kristen yelled. "LOOK, it was my turn. I really need to GO!" Her sister giggled as she shut the door. Kristen stood outside, almost crying, in total agony, the searing pain burning– she needed to pee so badly. She tapped her feet, and was half bent over, trying to hold herself as her bladder throbbed violently, a spasm of pressure overtaking her young, tortured body. Rachel still stood in the open doorway, giggling and laughing, her nipples erect under her T–shirt, watching Kristen struggle to hold her pee in, laughing at the very obvious fact that Kristen had already started to wet her pants. Kristen shook violently, ignoring the teasing and taunts from her sisters friend, ashamed but in so much pain and agony from her tormented bladder that she couldn't care. Her right hand held onto the molding on the wall and her left hand was in between her legs, pressing into her pee–hole as she so desperately needed to use the bathroom. She heard her father move downstairs, and panicked when she realized he was slowly heading upstairs. She turned to the bathroom door, her legs bent, both hands trembling now, her bladder screaming, the urine on the very edges of her pee hole, about to explode, and then she heard her sister violently pee into the toilet, the strong, sizzling pee stream splashing out of her hitting the water in the bowl. The sound of her sister urinating was too much and Kristen let out a muted high–pitched shriek and started crying, tears coming out of her eyes as pressure racked her tormented body, her bladder pulsing violently, the stinging pain so fierce she could barely breath. Her heart raced, her body shook, her muscles taut, the pain and pressure was incredible. She tried to hold on, listening to her sister continue to pee into the toilet. How she wished she could be in there, before she wet herself any more!!! The pain increased, her bladder went into a violent spasm, her muscles tensed and then shook, her body convulsed. Kristen cried out again in pain. The pretty eighteen–year–old girl could not hold it any longer. Her body racked with agony, Kristen suddenly and uncontrollably peed for four seconds into her pink string bikini nylon panties, the gushing stream running down her left leg again, her girlhood trapped in the fabric, her slit aimed to the left as she clenched her legs. She tried to hold it, but couldn't– another jet of pee, another second. Then she held it. Briefly, the pain was too much. The pee trickled down her long bare legs as she shook, wishing her sister would hurry up. Another burst of pee escaped, her panties wet now. 5'10 and only 123 lbs, Kristen was gorgeous. Long dark hair, penetrating big brown eyes, a perfect face, a great smile, a long waist and an amazing six pack of abs, she was the prettiest girl at the high school by far. Her only flaw was that she still looked like she was fourteen or fifteen and she had a fairly small chest, 34A in size. Even as she stood there, trembling, starting to lose all control, she looked stunning, gorgeous. She couldn't wait. The next burst of pee was too much. She suddenly lost control again for another few seconds. Her panties soaking wet with hot pee, she tried to hold it back, but hearing her sister finish peeing was too much, the sound of her sister's pee thrashing out of her body into the toilet bowl didn't help, and Kristen completely lost all control. Crying out in shame, she violently urinated down her legs, pee exploding from her girlhood, thrashing through her pink panties, stream after stream running out from her, some down her long slender legs, some gushing directly between her legs onto the floor. Her pee stream shined in the morning sun as she violently urinated into her clothes, down her legs, and onto the hardwood floor of her parents' house, the pee splashing noisily on the floor. Rachel stood, watching, amazed that Kristen was wetting herself so badly in front of her. Rachel's nipples were fully erect; she suddenly realized she enjoyed watching the younger girl have a huge accident, right here in the hallway! Kristen cried out again just as her sister opened the door. Kristen froze as her sister started laughing. She could not stop peeing, and as her sister stared at her (standing next to her friend Rachel), Kristen continued to pee in her panties. The pee was flooding out of the tall eighteen year old like a broken fire hydrant, a waterfall of hot, sizzling urine streaming from between her legs, flowing in sheets down the smooth white skin of her long legs, her thighs covered in her own pee as she continued to wet on herself. Tears flowed freely as Kristen started crying, embarrassed to be peeing herself in front of her sister and her friend, a huge puddle forming on the hard wood floor of the hallway, her underwear soaked with pee as she continued to shame herself without being able to get things under control. "HEY MOM, DAD," Jenny screamed loudly, teasing Kristen. "NO, oh please no, don't," Kristen begged her sister, her face red in shame, humiliated, completely embarrassed at what was happening. She did NOT want her father to see her, not NOW!! "WHAT, HONEY?" their father yelled, now coming up the stairs. "Oh no. God no, why did you?? Oh God, no," Kristen moaned, pleading with her sister. "Look, Kristen peed her pants again!" Jenny yelled. Rachel giggled, enjoying the younger girl's complete humiliation. Kristen froze and glared at her sister, pee still streaming down her legs as her bladder emptied. "WHAT??" her father screamed, his footsteps heavier as he rushed up the stairs. Kristen stood in shock, and tried to take a step into the bathroom to hide, but slipped on the pee–covered floor and fell backwards, her butt landing in the puddle of pee she had just made. She stood up, ashamed, her butt now soaked with her own pee, as her sister Jenny and her friend stood out in the hallway, laughing at Kristen, giggling, looking at how badly she had wet herself right there in the hallway. Their father reached the landing and bounded quickly up the stairs and turned. He saw his youngest daughter standing there, soaking wet with pee, her legs shiny with stream marks running down them, a huge puddle of pee on the floor between her legs, and he exploded in anger. "Kristen GODDAMN IT, You're 18 years old now, WHAT in the hell is THIS???" He moved closer. A big man, he had a violent temper and both of his daughters were in fear of him. He pointed to the puddle between her legs. "YOU KNOW WE JUST REFINISHED THE FLOOR AND YOU WENT AHEAD AND PEED ON IT??? YOU'RE NOT A FUCKING DOG, YOU KNOW, YOUNG LADY!!!"
"I'm sorry, NOOOO" Kristen cried uncontrollably, she hated when her Dad got this mad! It would mean only one thing. "HONEY," he yelled at his wife downstairs "OUR DAUGHTER JUST WET HERSELF AGAIN– THIS TIME ON MY FUCKING NEW FLOOR." Mom started to come up the stairs. "YOUNG LADY, IN YOUR ROOM. NOW. RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!" he screamed. He pointed to his other daughter and her friend Rachel: "JENNY. CLEAN THIS UP FOR YOUR SISTER. RIGHT NOW." Jenny swore under her breath and headed downstairs to find a mop. No way she was going to talk back to her father right now. Rachel huddled in the corner– amazed at the anger the father was showing. She wasn't sure how to react. Kristen headed to her room, aided by her father who grabbed strongly a hold of one of her shoulders, tightly, so it hurt. Inside, he closed the door and locked it. "GET OVER TO THE CABINET AND GET ME YOUR RULER." She cringed, knowing what was coming. She did as she was told. She had to pee again, this time mostly in fear, but also from her overfilled bladder. She knew she shouldn't have drank so much water before she went to bed, but she always drank a lot, that's why she was healthy. She handed him the long 18" ruler. "YOUNG LADY, YOU'RE GOING TO LEARN NOT TO WET YOUR PANTS IF I HAVE TO BEAT YOU SILLY" he screamed. He pushed her over towards the window, shoving her across her bedroom. He looked at her ass, soaking wet with pee when she fell and landed in her own puddle. The fabric clung to her perfect body and a bulge grew in his pants. Pee dripped down the back of her legs as she started to sob again. "Jesus, it's stuffy in here." Reaching over, he opened the window, leaving the curtains wide. There was a young woman with dark hair reading the newspaper, still sipping her coffee over on the neighboring houses balcony. "OKAY YOUNG LADY, THIS IS FOR PEEING YOUR PANTS... WHAT??" He paused, looked over, and then saw the wet spot in her bed. "WHAT IS THIS??? DIDN'T WE HAVE A DISCUSSION ABOUT WETTING YOUR BED LAST WEEK?? DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH A FUCKING MATTRESS COSTS???" he screamed. "MISS KRISTEN, YOU PEED YOUR PANTS AND YOUR BED?? WHAT KIND OF FUCKING DAUGHTER DID I RAISE ANYWAY???" His voice was hoarse with anger, he was screaming so loudly the girl on the balcony looked up, hearing him bellow at his daughter. He turned his daughter towards the window, so Kristen looked out to the woman on the balcony, who was now staring at her, and she cried harder now, knowing all too well what was coming. Her father's temper was fierce– as was the punishment she was about to receive. The woman looked up in amazement at what she saw – and then it happened. He reached his arm back, and with startling speed brought the ruler full force upon her ass, spanking her as hard as she could, the sharp edges of the ruler meeting bare flesh of her tufts with incredible speed. Kristen screamed. "OH SHIIT OUCH OOOWOWOOOOOO NOOOOO". Another strike, this one landing on the soaking wet pink nylon fabric of her pee soaked panties, a slapping noise as it met the fabric. "NOOOO. Oh GOD, God, GOD NOOOOO!" She moved almost a foot forward from the force of his strike, the pain immense. "OH DAD, oh please, nooo, no more, I'm sorry, oh god, I'm sorry Ipeedinmybed, oh NNOOOOOO, please forgive me it won't happen again, Ooh Godddd NOOOOO oh GodNOOOO please PLEASE PLEASE NOOOOO". Her begging and pleading did no good, and again he struck her, the ruler whistling through the morning air as he struck her hard, the wood meeting the edge of her panties and ass, the skin turning quickly red. He was furious now. "THIS" (he strikes her hard) "SHOULD" (another fast strike, she screams in pain). "TEACH" (another, she's crying, screaming at the top of her lungs in pain, her strained voice reverberating throughout the entire house as she screams). "YOU"(another, she's bent over, tears flowing from her eyes, her voice growing hoarse from screaming in pain, her bladder is screaming for relief again, she needs to pee so badly again!) "A FUCKING" (another spasm, Kristen starts to pee uncontrollably into her panties again, urine explodes through the already dampened fabric, jetting between her legs, a puddle forming on the floor as she wets herself again while being spanked) "LESSON!" Her father strikes her one last time, her ass totally red now, pee streaming from her legs, her legs once again shiny as she continues to wet uncontrollably into her panties and down her legs. Her father looks at her in disgust and walks out of the room. Sobbing in pain and agony, Kristen stands there in front of the window, tears flowing from her face, her body in immense pain from her fathers incredibly powerful spanking, pee still gushing from her tortured body. She can't concentrate, can't focus, she almost faints from the pain. Tears stream from her eyes, running down her smooth cheekbones, landing on her bare breasts. The woman on the porch across from the window looked closer and saw Kristen's pee soaked panties, the mound of her tangled pubic hair visible through the thin fabric of the underwear in the morning sunlight, with her wet pee soaked legs obvious even across the distance between the two houses. Sitting in her soft silky nightgown, her legs slightly apart on the chair, the 27–year–old girl on the balcony leans back, relaxes, and pees violently into her blue panties. She uses her right hand to touch herself as she releases a torrential stream of hot pee through her underwear, soaking her fingers, while she watches Kristen cry, half naked in the window. Watching Kristen from the moment she woke up and closed the windows, the way she stood there, her half naked body innocent looking, her gorgeous face and perfect small nipples erect was a huge turn–on for the 27 year old lesbian. As she peed into her nightgown on her porch, feeling the wonderful warmth soak the thin fabric, relishing the sensation of her hot pee spread through her chair, she touched and probed herself. As Kristen moved away from the window to go clean up, the girl quickly masturbated herself to a climax, moaning and trembling in her chair as she thought about how she had just watched an eighteen year old girl pee herself in the window across the way. Pee flooded out of the woman as she reached orgasm, a huge puddle on the porch floor between her open legs. Finishing, satisfied, she sat there and enjoyed herself, sighing deeply, a warm feeling overtaking her. Breathing heavily, she started touching her soaked panties gently with her fingers again, relishing in the fact that she had just wet herself on purpose while looking at her gorgeous neighbor go to the bathroom in her pink underwear while not realizing she was being watched. Her fingers stroked her soaked panties, feeling the curls of dark wet public hair trapped in her pee–soaked underwear as she began to masturbate again, realizing how much she enjoyed the feeling of peeing into her clothes, especially while watching another girl have an accident. As she sat there, still wet; Kristen was now in the shower, washing away the pee, letting the hot water sooth her tortured body, her nipples erect as the shower sprayed on her. She knew her Dad would have calmed down by now, but she was so ashamed at having gone to the bathroom in her pants for the second time in two weeks. And why did she have the bad luck to wet her bed, again? She was eighteen years old, in the prime of her life. She was so ashamed! As the water continued to run, she continued to cry, embarrassed and humiliated by her bad luck. Cleaning up, she wiped her eyes dry. Stepping out of the shower, her pee soaked panties in the laundry hamper, Kristen walked out into the hallway (the puddle cleaned up by her sister, but a stain visible on the hardwood floor) with a towel wrapped around her, her long dark hair wet. She went quickly into her room and closed the door. Dropping the towel, the eighteen year old, completely naked, moved over to close the window. Looking out, she saw the woman on the porch lying back in her chair, smiling. It had looked like the girl had spilled her coffee on the porch; there was a huge puddle between the girl's legs glistening in the light. Kristen never realized what had actually happened. Still naked, she looked at the clock. "Shit." She reached over to get her cell phone. The girl on the porch's nipples grew firm as she took her last glance at the naked teenager through the open window. Relaxing, a small trickle of pee ran out of her, into her panties again, and she reached down again, between her legs, feeling the spreading warmth, her nightgown soaked, wishing she needed to use the bathroom more than she did, wanting to feel the marvelous release again. She giggled, hearing the drip–drip sound as the last of her pee dripped from the edge of the chair onto the porch floor. She reached for the bottle of water next to her and drank, gulping the water down, drinking as much as she could. She loved this feeling, being wet, her own clothing soaked, and she relaxed as she let her mind drift, thinking about what she had just witnessed.
Kristen walked away from the window. Looking at the number scratched on a piece of paper, Kristen dialed the digits. A woman answered the phone. Kristen nervously identified herself. The woman on the other end talked. Kristen nodded, mumbling "yes" and "OK" a few times, finding a pen from her desk, and taking notes and directions. After she put the cell phone down, she smiled. For the first time that morning, Kristen felt wonderful. Today was going to be her first real job. Even as she stood there ashamed of how her morning had gone, she felt a purpose in her life. Today was going to be great. She couldn't wait for the afternoon to come soon enough. Brushing her damp hair back again out of habit, she opened the drawer of her dresser and changed into her clothes and headed downstairs for breakfast. She knew her father would be over his temper now but she didn't want to spend too much time around the breakfast table either. Walking down the stairs, wearing an extremely short light blue micro mini skirt with pleats; a tennis skirt fashion that she liked, her legs looked majestic, long and toned, the legs of a model. A thin white ribbed tank top completed the outfit. A large expanse of her toned, flat abs showed, the tank stopping above her belly button. Her dark nipples protruded through the fabric, erect, there for all to see. She did not wear a bra. A small diamond belly button ring glistened in the light. Her dark hair was still pulled back, slowly drying. She was barefoot, carrying a pair of sandals in her hands as she bounced into the kitchen to sit down at the table. Avoiding the glare of her father, she headed to the counter and poured herself a tall glass of orange juice and then reached into the refrigerator for a quart of water, and then sat down at the table. Her sister and her friend were already eating silently. Her mother was reading the paper while her father was going through his briefcase, looking for something. Kristen ate her fruit salad and drank her orange juice, looking out of the kitchen window at the gorgeous sunny day. She couldn't wait for the day to start– the excitement was too much. As she finished the orange juice and light breakfast, she reached for the quart of water and headed outside to enjoy the morning and to get away from the silence at the breakfast table. Jenny and Rachel were talking in the living room and giggled when Kristen walked by. Kristen felt ashamed, knowing everyone would be talking about how she had peed herself that morning, but she couldn't do anything about it. She tried to smile, and began to think about her new job. She looked at her watch and saw that she still had a couple of hours before she had to be there. Opening the water bottle, Kristen drank, long gulps of the water flowing across her lips. She was thirsty, and always drank water, usually over a gallon a day, if not more. Walking around outside on the sidewalk in front of her house, she waved at her neighbor, the 27 year old dark haired girl. Kristen didn't know much about her but she always seemed friendly. The girl waved back. Kristen tripped for a minute and almost fell into the grass, exposing her light blue mesh bikini panties under her short skirt. Her neighbor giggled, catching a glimpse of Kristen's body for at least the third time that morning. Nervously, she said "hi" as Kristen neared her yard. As Kristen went over to chat with her, she never noticed the girl pacing nervously as she stood there in her loose gym shorts and sports bra, barefoot in her front yard, trimming the hedges. "Hi, what's up?" Kristen asked, deciding to talk to her. At least it was better than being in the kitchen with her Dad who had just spanked her for wetting her pants on the new floor. The two girls discussed the weather and how things were in the neighborhood. The girl asked about Kristen's new job, and Kristen beamed with excitement as she told her about it. The girl paced rapidly, her feet shuffling back and forth. She reached down and drank some more out of a large bottle of water and smiled at Kristen. After a few minutes of conversation, she looked at her watch, and Kristen realized she should get ready, and told her neighbor she had to go. Walking back towards her house, Kristen noticed she had to go to the bathroom again, somewhat badly. It always seemed she had to pee badly. It must have been all the water she always drank. Heading up the pathway to the front door, Kristen turned back to wave at the girl, who waved back, a sheepish look on her face. Kristen never saw the pee rapidly trickling down her neighbors legs, nor the quickly expanding wet spot in her neighbors shorts as she stood there in her yard, peeing as hard as she could into her old gym shorts, the stream sizzling from between her legs onto the ground beneath her. Her legs were soaked with her own pee, shining wet, and by the time she put away her garden tools and headed back inside, her heart racing from excitement, her nipples were taut with sexual tension as she fantasized about the teenager next door. Closing the door behind her, the 27 year old dark haired girl collapsed on the floor in her foyer of her house and finished urinating into her shorts, placing her hands up between the edges of them, her fingers probing into her panties, feeling her panties once again get wet. She masturbated furiously as a pee puddle spread along the floor, the warm urine flowing freely from her pee hole as she climaxed herself. Gasping for her, the room spun, her vision blurry. Slowly, descending the mountain of ecstasy that she had experienced, her breathing pattern returned to normal, and she lay down on the floor, the puddle beneath her. A smile formed upon her face as she sat in her own pee puddle of her house, having wet herself and subsequently masturbating to the fantasy of her young neighbor for the second time that day.
Kristen walked in her house and quickly headed up the stairs to the bathroom, only to find it locked. Her sister was taking a shower. Once again, Kristen had to hold her pee when she needed to go. "Crap," she said to no one in particular. Going back to her room, she reached for her water bottle and took a large drink. She looked for the sheet of directions to her new job and read them. It was time to go. She wished she had time to take a pee before she left, but she didn't. Clutching the sheet of paper, her cell phone, a quart of water, and her keys, she headed downstairs, out to the garage, and into her convertible. Sitting down on the drivers seat, she suddenly realized how short her mini skirt was, anybody walking by could easily see her blue mesh panties clinging to her 18 year old girlhood, curls of pubic hair pressing against the taut fabric. Kristen giggled. As she put the car into reverse, she wished again that she could have gone to the bathroom before leaving, and clenched her legs together in response to the pressure of her rapidly filling bladder. It was getting warmer now, and she reached for her water and drank, just like she always did. She turned down her street and started to drive to the job. She really needed to use the bathroom.
On the interstate, Kristen looked at her watch. Fifteen minutes to go. She was cutting it close. Swearing at the driver who slowly poked along in the left lane, she felt her bladder fill. Kristen drove wistfully past the next exit, wishing she had time to stop and take a pee. As badly as she needed to go to the bathroom, she would have risked the public bathrooms– but didn't have the time. She couldn't be late. Driving down the interstate, she increased her speed, feeling her bladder fill with every passing mile, her legs clenched awkwardly together in her micro mini skirt as she drove, her panties in full view of the truck drivers who passed by and often honked. Kristen couldn't care less; she needed to get to the job on time, and she needed to use the bathroom. Badly. Reaching over to the passenger seat, she glanced at the directions scribbled on the piece of paper. Exit 41A. Left. Two more exits to go. "Maybe I can use the bathroom at the exit, cause I'm about to burst," she mumbled to herself silently, feeling the pressure increase within her. She reached for her water and took a long sip, the hot sun blinding her. She drank again, finishing half the quart before she put the bottle back down. Her skirt felt tight against her distended belly. Her long dark hair blowing in the wind as she sped down the interstate, her legs clenched awkwardly, the gorgeous eighteen–year–old girl once again needed to go to the bathroom so badly she was afraid she might lose control. Another spasm racked through her body as she saw the exit sign far in the distance. She clutched herself hard, her bladder screaming for relief.
Exit 41A came and Kristen turned off, scanning the exit for any possible restroom. She didn't care if she was late, her bladder was about to explode into her miniskirt; she NEEDED to pee, QUICKLY. Clutching herself, her knees bent, she turned the car into the only fuel station, an old dusty one out on the far corner. Parking crooked, she quickly turned the key to OFF and opened the door, her bladder screaming as she did so. She rushed to the door, dying to find the bathroom before she started to wet herself. It was locked. A sign dangled inside. "Be back in ten minutes!" She looked again, as if she didn't understand English. "Be back in ten minutes!" it said. "Oh NO. Shit!! NOO," she screamed, clenching her legs together, her bladder sending rapid spasms through her body, the stinging pee pressure immense within the struggling, tortured girl. She looked inside, clutching herself again, needing to urinate SO badly. The shop was empty. Inside, along the back wall near the coolers was the ladies' room. The door was cracked open, and Kristen could see the toilet. Seeing the bathroom but not being able to use it was almost too much. She tried the door again, thinking maybe it was just stuck. Nothing. Locked. "NOO," she screamed again, her bladder absolutely dying inside of her. She looked around. Nowhere else. She looked at her watch; she was going to be late. She had no choice. She composed herself, and fighting her bodies urges to start urinating uncontrollably into her clothing, she ran back to her car and sat back down in her convertible, her legs trembling in total bathroom desperation, pressing tightly together. She started the car and backed out of the parking slot hurriedly and drove off down the road. As soon as she could, she jammed one hand in between her legs, pressing against her mound and pee hole, helping stem the incredible pressure that was her eighteen year old bladder throbbing in desperation, needing to pee so badly it hurt. She scanned the sheet of directions again. "Turn right at the rock quarry entrance after the second stop sign." She looked ahead and saw the landmark. She needed to pee SO badly. Looking around, she sped through the first stop sign – there were no cars, no police, nobody out here, and she rushed. Dying to use the bathroom, she almost skidded off the road, as she turned right at the rock quarry entrance. She scanned the directions again. "Keep driving until the third entrance to the quarry. Park at the trailer and walk up the hill to the white trailer in the distance and sign in." Her bladder screamed at her. Still hot, she drank more gulp of the water. Only a quarter of the quart bottle remained. Her body shook– she needed to pee so badly. Second entrance. She kept driving, her bladder tense, it's membranes shimmering in agony, the pressure increasing. Third entrance. She looked. She saw a few cars parked in front of a shiny silver trailer. She drove in along the dirt road, looking around. The old quarry was beautiful in a strange way. She parked and got out, grimacing as she did so, completely aware of how badly she needed to use the bathroom. Being nervous, her first day at her new job didn't help either. She went over to the door of the trailer, hoping there was a bathroom inside. Locked. "SHIT, I need to go PEEEEE," she screamed out to nobody in particular. She looked around, standing there, legs clenched together, dying to find a bathroom, her body about to void no matter what, her heart racing as the stinging pressure mounted even stronger within her struggling body. Looking up the hill, she saw the white trailer. She started walking quickly as she was a minute late. Heading to the top of the hill, she saw a woman at a small table, under an umbrella. "Hi!" the woman said, smiling. "You must be Kristen!" "Uh, Yea," Kristen mumbled, needing to use the bathroom so badly she struggled to stand still. She paced back and forth as the woman thumbed through some paperwork. Kristen just wanted to find a bathroom and relieve herself before she started peeing down her legs. Having wet herself in front of her Dad, her sister, and her sister's friend this morning was bad enough; she didn't want to repeat the accident here in front of total strangers! "Ok, here we go. Just read these releases and sign at the X on page four and we're ready, okay? And next time try not to be late, it's not so good, ok?" "Yea, yea," Kristen mumbled quickly. Kristen needed to go so badly she scanned the first page quickly and skipped the others, reaching to the last page and quickly signing her name. The legal stuff was of no concern to her, she only could think about finding a bathroom – FAST. As she stood there, half bent over, she felt her bladder surge inside of her, pressure expanding through her body, the stinging pain increasing. She needed to use the bathroom so badly she didn't care. She HAD to find a bathroom. NOW! The woman smiled at her. "Wow, most people read the whole thing. You must be in a hurry!" "Yea. Um, I know this is kind of embarrassing, but do you have a bathroom somewhere? It was kind of a long drive..." Kristen smiled, embarrassed that on her first day she had to ask to go to the bathroom. But she needed to go SO badly, the stinging pressure, the pain, the waves of pee thrashing inside of her, she just needed to relieve herself before she started. She could barely hold on. "Well, you're not the first person to say that today!" the woman said. "Because we were supposed to get porta potties on the set, but they didn't show up. It shouldn't be too long though, maybe an hour, and then you can drive down the road to the gas station and use the bathroom there. We won't take that long in this heat." Kristen almost fainted. "What?" she cried out in disbelief. "Yea, I know, it sucks, but we don't have any bathrooms. Don't worry; you're not the only one who has to pee. It's only an hour; then you can go down the road and take care of things. You better hurry, you're running a little late, and the photographer doesn't like to be late, especially today." "But, but you mean you don't have ANY bathroom??" Kristen cried out, as a surging wave of pressure started overtaking her body again, her bladder on the precipice of exploding into her panties. "Wow, you really have to go pee, don't you?" the girl giggled, looking at Kristen, now white with fright, standing there, pacing back and forth nervously, so obviously desperate to use a bathroom. Kristen didn't answer her since she was too embarrassed. This was her first modeling job, one that paid very well, and she knew deep inside she'd just HAVE to hold it. Surely, somehow, she could last an hour. Maybe they would let her pee behind a rock or something. SOMETHING! She needed to go pee SO BADLY she could barely stand still. "Come on down, let me show you where they are doing the shooting." The woman walked Kristen down the pathway into a set built up amongst the rocks. Some construction beams lay scattered along the ground, and a small trailer lay to the right of a large rock outcropping. A gorgeous tall blond girl in a towel and what appeared to be bikini bottoms stood near the wall, waiting. Her hair shone in the sunlight, her body looked incredible. The photographer had his camera set up and plugged into the lights, a spare camera sitting beside him on the table. A large computer monitor was also on the table along with a silver shiny computer, plugged into a long extension cord that went across the dirt into the trailer. A shorter man sat behind the monitor, looking at Kristen as she walked into the area. A teenager Kristen recognized from high school the year before – she had to be a freshman in college now walked over to Kristen and introduced herself. "Hi, My name is Nicole. Hey, didn't you go to Smith High?" "Yea, I've seen you. Didn't you do makeup for the school plays or something?" "Yea. Anyway, let's go into the trailer and get you into your clothes, ok?" The blond girl who Kristen had seen earlier wasn't in sight; she was sitting in the shade on the other side or the rock wall. A photographer's assistant was adjusting one of the lights, aiming it to the rock wall where they were going to shoot. At least the rock wall was in the shade, Kristen thought.
Nicole led Kristen into the trailer. Kristen looked around, hoping there was a bathroom in the trailer, but it was too small. A few plastic chairs, a table, and a couple of aluminum cases were all that were inside. A cooler with bottled water was in the corner. "Want some water? It's pretty hot out there and you really should be drinking." "Uh, yea, I guess." Kristen reached and drank. "Um, I know this is kind of embarrassing, but is there anywhere I could use the bathroom? I kind of have to go pretty bad. Long drive here you know." She smiled at Nicole. Nicole giggled. "Uh, yea, we were supposed to have bathrooms but they didn't show up. You'll just have to hold it." "Do you think I could just pee in a cup or something, I mean, I REALLY need to go bad, it's like an emergency!" Kristen pleaded, her body shaking with pain, as she needed to urinate so urgently. "You better get on the set, and maybe you can take a pee break later. You're not the only one who has to go, you know. I'm dying inside, I need to pee so bad I'm about to pee into my shorts right now, so I have to hold it just like you!" Kristen looked up at Nicole and did what she was told. Nicole stood there; her tan khaki shorts a little short, fitting nicely on her great ass. She twitched her left foot nervously. Nicole needed to use the bathroom as well, although nowhere near as incredibly bad as Kristen. Nicole giggled again as she bent down and reached into the trunk. "So, how long have you been modeling?" she asked, looking for something inside the case. "Um, this is my first real job. Some guy at school took some pictures of me last year in some stuff and showed them to an agent he knew and that's how I got this job." "Ok. Well, it does pay well, you know!" Kristen smiled. She had totally forgotten to ask how much! "Really, I forgot to ask." "Are you serious??" Nicole asked, standing up for a second. "Yea". "It's two thousand for two hours of shooting. You're not going to make THAT anywhere else!" Kristen froze in a panic. "TWO hours??" "Yea, but it might only last an hour or ninety minutes. The photographer doesn't like working in this heat. But they'll pay you for the whole thing. It's a good deal. I mean, as long as your parents are cool with it and everything." Kristen thought of her parents. They were very religious and while her Mom supported her trying to model, her Dad hated the fact. He thought all models were bimbos who just strutted around with their body, teasing the boys. His daughter was above all of that. "Well, my parents aren't really supportive, to be honest", Kristen said. Nicole seemed really nice. If only she could have used a stupid bathroom. She wasn't sure she could last an hour without having an accident, but knew if she screwed up her first job as a model that she might not get hired ever again. She vowed to herself to hold it in– no matter what. Her bladder reminded her as she processed that thought, and screamed violently inside of her nearly perfect body. "Wow, and this is your first job then?" Nicole asked, looking at Kristen funny. "Yea, why?" "Well, I don't know. I guess you just need the money then." "Anyway, here's what you'll be wearing..." Nicole pulled out a pair of black string bikini panties, in a thin mesh fabric. Kristen looked at them in shock. The triangle patch that would cover her most precious parts looked awful small. Nicole then held out a thin piece of black silk. "Well, take off your clothes. They said you were supposed to be pretty hot!" Kristen panicked. Nervously, she removed her tank top. Her breasts were gorgeous, her nipples erect. Nicole stared at her. "Wow, they're small, but WOW, you do have nice tits!" She laughed. Kristen shook off her sandals and then pulled her miniskirt down. The pressure inside her bladder tormented her, she really was scared now, and afraid she would start urinating at any minute. She had to hold on. She HAD to hold on. Standing there in just her blue mesh panties, Nicole looked at her. "Wow, so you didn't shave, huh?" Kristen stood there, barefoot, in the trailer, and Nicole looked at Kristen's pubic area, the mound clearly defined, curls of pubic hair pressing against the tight fabric. A few hairs escaped the sides of the panties, and Kristen felt nervous. She had trimmed, but didn't know she had to shave! "Uh, I trimmed some, but like, you know, I didn't know I'd have to shave." She appeared confused. "Well, they'll just have to retouch it out anyway. Here, put these one." Kristen turned around and took off her blue panties and put the black ones on. Nicole glanced at Kristen's perfect body, the long back, her slender, perfect legs, and her gorgeous ass, naked in front of her while Kristen changed. Nicole felt her own bladder tinge; she needed to pee so badly, and seeing this girl, so pretty, made it worse. She crossed her legs as Kristen continued to change. The panties fit tightly, and Kristen was aware of how snugly they fit. She looked down and in shock realized the small triangle of black mesh fabric that covered her pubic area was almost completely see through! Nicole giggled. "Wow, you ARE hot. Now I know why they are paying you so much. I mean, I'm not a lesbian, but if I were, wow!" Nicole lied. She had been sleeping with her best friend the past three years and nobody knew about it, but she didn't want to let Kristen know. Her breasts felt full under her shirt as she looked at Kristen again. Kristen grew flushed. She was embarrassed at the girls' casual demeanor, at how open she was. "Tie this around your breasts." Kristen took the thin black fabric and tied it around herself. "Ok, one more thing. Just put on these heels and you're ready to go." A pair of high stiletto heels lay on the chair. Kristen sat in the chair, her bladder screaming as it did, the black panties cutting into her lips, the pressure of her swollen bladder tormenting her, the pain made worse by the tight fabric of the see through underwear Kristen was wearing. Putting on the heels, she felt tall and sexy, but was very uncomfortable wearing such exposing clothing. She wondered what her Dad would think if he saw the pictures that they were going to take. "Ok, you're ready to go!" Nicole opened the door for Kristen and Kristen stepped out onto the dirt. The assistant came over and led her over to the rocks. "OK, we're just going to start with some solo shots of you in this first. Just pose like this." The assistant posed her, her legs slightly apart, her hands on her hips, her head cocked to one side. She looked at the camera. The shorter man behind the computer monitor smiled. This girl was amazing! The photographer clicked and the images came up on the screen, the latest in digital technology, the camera itself cost almost thirty thousand dollars, an expensive twenty mega pixel high resolution model that was popular with the fashion photographers in the big city. The photographer came over to join his computer assistant to look. There on the screen was this gorgeous dark haired girl, long slender legs, a flat waist with just the slightest tummy bulge, stunning eyes. Of course they both stared at Kristen's pubic mound. The camera caught every detail, the way the black panty fabric hugged her mound, the dark pubic curls pressed tightly against the fabric's mesh pattern, and most sexually, the way her long slit was slightly exposed as the tight fabric clung to her. They also liked the way she seemed to be pacing nervously, like she had to go to the bathroom really badly. Smiling, the photographer returned and started shooting some more. Zooming in at times, he would capture a close up of Kristen's panties and belly, without much legs or abdomen showing. The man behind the computer monitor had a huge bulge in his jeans as he watched the gorgeous eighteen year old girl being photographed, her most personal girlhood in full display through the sexy panties. "Ok, let's take a few without the top covered." Kristen looked at him. Did she hear what she thought he heard? She needed to pee SO badly now too, and could barely concentrate. "You mean take off the top?" she asked nervously. "Of course, Kristen, what do you think you're getting paid for?" "But my Dad wouldn't like it," she asked, untying the fabric. "This is for a magazine outside of this country. Your Dad will never see it. Didn't they tell you that?" the photographer asked. "Uh, no." She had no choice. She dropped the black fabric to the ground and went over near the rock. Her bladder violently spasmed, and she almost exploded into her panties. The stinging sensation was getting stronger, the pain increasing. Kristen stood near the bare rock, topless, her nipples completely erect, her panties too tight, her girlhood visible for all to see through the thin mesh fabric, but she needed the money. She tried not to cry, and tried to concentrate on modeling and to forget about her stinging, thrashing bladder. The photographer clicked many images and the man behind the computer smiled. Every once in a while the photographer would stop and review the pictures with the man. They loved the way her long legs looked and loved how they could see everything through the thin fabric of her panties. Her breasts photographed well too, perfectly sized for what they wanted – a little small, not so big that they looked cartoonish, and her dark nipples were so erect both men were sexually excited. Kristen tried to pose as she was directed, but her bladder was tormenting her. She wondered how much longer it would go. She didn't care if she could just go behind one of the rocks and pee. She just needed to pee!!!! Why couldn't they just let her go somewhere before she had an accident? The assistant came over and gave her some water. "Drink this." "Um, I kinda have to pee, so I better not." "Drink this," he repeated himself, more sternly. "It's hot. You need to." She did as she was told and finished the 20 oz bottle of water. She did enjoy the cool liquid as she drank it, but was so petrified of wetting herself during the modeling session that she didn't really want to drink it all. But she did. "OK, bring in the other girl." Kristen sighed with relief. Maybe it was over now? They wanted to shoot another model. It must have been the tall blond she had seen earlier. She would finally get a chance to go pee. She looked around and saw a small rock outcropping and thought she could crouch down there and pee before she wet herself in front of everybody. She started to leave the area, but the assistant blocked her way. "Where are you going?" "Oh, I thought you were done with me," Kristen said, apologizing. She wanted to escape and use the bathroom so badly... she almost cried in anguish. Her bladder tormented her, the pain shrieking now. "We're not done with you yet!" the assistant told her. "Oh, um, look, like, uh, I really need to use the bathroom badly, like it's an emergency? So, uh, can I just like go over there behind those rocks and pee or I'm afraid I might wet myself in these panties!" Kristen looked pleadingly at the assistant, then the photographer. "I'm sorry honey, but we simply don't have the time. You'll just have to hold it for a little while longer" Kristen couldn't believe she was being told she couldn't use the bathroom. She needed to go PEE!!! She wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it. She tried to concentrate. She had to try again. "Yea, look, I won't take long. I'm serious, I REALLY need to go, like I can't hold it any longer. Please? I'm serious, I can't hold on any longer!!!!" The assistant giggled. "No, you'll have to hold it. Now go back to your posing." Kristen grimaced. She was just told she could not go pee! She couldn't believe somebody would be SO CRUEL to not let her just take a stupid pee behind the rock. Her bladder BURNED inside with stringing pain that spread through her body in waves. Kristen heard footsteps and looked over. The blond girl walked around the corner. "Rachel!" Kristen cried out. It was her sisters' best friend, the girl who had laughed at her that morning when Kristen had wet her pants at her house!!! "Kristen!" she replied, smiling. She was in a pair of pink string bikini panties and nothing else. She was gorgeous, every bit as attractive as Kristen was, but with blond hair and an inch taller. Her panties hugged her mound tightly, the shape of her girlhood also clearly defined through the smooth silky fabric. "What's going on?" Kristen asked, desperate now, still needing to stop and use the bathroom somehow, but unable to figure out how. "We're going to do some pair shots, that's all. It's fun. You'll see!" "Oh". Kristen looked off in the distance at the rocks, wanting SO badly so escape, to crouch behind them and pull her panties down and just pee. WHY couldn't they have a stupid bathroom here? WHY WHY weren't they letting her go pee behind the rocks??? She needed to go SO badly now!
The assistant moved the girls to another rock. "Ok, Kristen, stand over here and put your arms up like this, overhead." "Rachel, stand over here." Rachel stood to Kristen's left, and Kristen reached her arms up. The assistant grabbed her wrists and before Kristen realized what was happening, shackled her wrists into the steel shackles that had been drilled into the wall! Kristen shrieked in terror, her arms above her head, her eyes wide. She didn't know she was going to restrained. Her bladder SCREAMED inside of her, the terror raising her blood pressure. "WHAT's going ON?" she cried out, afraid now. The surging pee inside of her rushed to the very edge of her urethra, she needed to go so badly she could barely concentrate. "Stand back for a bit, Rachel" the photographer said, and Kristen started pleading, begging. "Why are you doing this to me?" "What's going on? Somebody TELL me!!" she cried out, angry, desperate, pleading. She shook her head, her hair flowing everywhere. The photographer kept shooting, taking images of the gorgeous girl with her wrists restrained as she panicked. "Kristen, you know what you signed on for. I'm sure you read the release. This is fetish photography. That's why you're being paid so well!" "WHAT???" she screamed. Rachel moved closer. "So, do you like being touched while you're tied up?" Rachel asked. She laughed. Rachel took her left hand, and facing Kristen from an angle, she stroked Kristen's breasts with her fingernail, the painted edge running across Kristen's erect nipple. Kristen screamed. "WHAT WHAT WHAT's GOING ON HERE?? HELP!!!! Oh NOOOO!!!" Kristen screamed in panic, restrained by the steel shackles, struggling to control her bladder, unable to comprehend what was going on. What was "fetish photography" anyway?? Kristen's mind spun in a panic; her was heart racing. The photographer clicked frames. The lights flashed, the big umbrella on a huge stand flashing into her eyes. Kristen needed to use the bathroom SO badly. She clenched, tried to pull back, but the shackles kept her from moving. Her back was pressed against the rough rock as Rachel stroked her nipples with her fingers. Kristen recoiled in panic from the other girls touch. A virgin at eighteen, she had never been touched like this, especially by another girl! Rachel stroked harder, and then, giggling, she paused and pinched Kristen's right nipple, causing Kristen to scream loudly in pain, and she almost wet her pants in terror. Rachel pinched harder, squeezing and holding it as Kristen bellowed out, tears coming to her eyes. "WHY WHY oh my God, WHY? Are you doing this to me??" she cried. "I need to go to the bathroom. Can't you just let me go?" Rachel smiled. "Oh, so you need to pee again. You had some problems with that earlier today, didn't you? Kristen looked over at her in terror. Rachel moved her hands down away from Kristen's breasts to her tummy. Rachel pressed into Kristen's tummy, right over her bladder. Kristen screamed, the pressure intense now. She went into a panic, her feet thrashing as she tried to control her bladder. Her pee wanted to explode out of her pee hole so badly but Kristen tensed every muscle in her body, trying to keep from wetting herself. Rachel pressed again, pressing hard against Kristen's tummy, her bladder shrieking in pain from the girls touch. "nnNOOOO, don't do THATTT, NOOOOOO! Oh God, GOD– God NO," Kristen screamed as Rachel pushed harder into her abdomen, pressing Kristen's bladder against her pubic bone, the pain and urgency to pee EXPLODING in waves of agony through Kristen's body as Rachel continued to torture her. Rachel laughed, relishing the chance to torture her friends' sister like this. She stroked Kristen's panties gently, feeling the curls of pubic hair against her fingers. Kristen panicked. Kristen thought back to the day she was in cheerleader practice and hadn't been able to use the bathroom and had ended up peeing into her cheerleading trunks under her skirt when one of the other girls bumped into her and had pressed against her belly. She remembered standing there on the field, crying as pee exploded out from under her cheerleading skirt, spraying through the Lycra fabric of her trunks as she wet herself during the practice in front of her friends and coaches. Rachel stroked her panties again and Kristen started to cry, the humiliation and pain was too much. Rachel smiled as the photographer kept clicking. Image after image of the tortured, humiliated eighteen–year–old girl came up on the computer monitor. Rachel moved her hands up to Kristen's tummy again, and once again pressed hard, sending shrieking waves of uncontrollable pain through Kristen's tormented body. Kristen twisted and SCREAMED against the steel shackles, her legs pacing, her one knee bent, her body violently shaking with complete desperation and pain. Rachel moved her hand lower, and stroked the waistband of Kristen's black bikini panties, stroking along the top edge. Kristen struggled, her pee surging inside of her, the intense stinging pain too much. She tried to control it, and then Rachel put her index finger inside of Kristen's panties, along the top edge, and reached down and touched the top edge of Kristen's pubic hair. Kristen panicked again as she felt the girls finger probe her pubic hair, feeling the girls fingers touch her most private region. Rachel took her finger out and slowly started to stroke up and down the triangle that covered Kristen's pubic mound, lightly at first, moving her fingers over the fabric, feeling Kristen's pubic hair that was sticking through the transparent mesh fabric. "NOOO, oh GodGOD God NOOOO, PLEASE STOP NOOOOOOO" screamed Kristen, trying desperately to pull herself away from Rachel's probing touch. The camera clicked away, the lights flashing, image after image of the pretty blond torturing and probing the dark haired teenager coming up on the computer monitor. Kristen's bladder violently throbbed at Rachel's touch. Kristen cried out, screaming. "OH Godoh goddd. Please stop PLEASE STOP I NEED TO PEEEE." Tears appeared in her eyes, and one tear trickled down her left cheekbone. Her face was red in embarrassment and anger, she cried out. The assistant came over with a bottle of water. Rachel grabbed Kristen's head and the assistant forced Kristen to drink the quart of water, completely torturing the struggling girls bladder. Water spilled as Kristen struggled, gagging, coughing, and choking as they poured the water down her throat. "NOOOooOOO" she screamed in between gulps. A lot of the water spilled onto Kristen's bare breasts and tummy, splashing onto the ground. Even so, the added liquid was pure torture to the eighteen years old – her tummy expanded, the bloated feeling increased, the pressure on her bladder immense. Rachel giggled as they finished, and the assistant stepped back from the scene. The computer monitor showed pictures of the water being forced down Kristen's throat, the images showing how hard she was struggling against the pee humiliation she was being forced to endure. Kristen cried out again, the pressure sizzling inside of her, like a hot poker pushed into her body. The pain was immense and her bladder throbbed violently, her body shaking again. "OH Please PLEASE PLEASE STOP oh God, III OH God, I need to go PPPEEEEE. PLEASE JUST LET ME GO PEEEE." Kristen's legs trembled; she was unable to control the shaking. "PLEASE, why WHY WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO MEEE???" she screamed, twitching violently in desperation. Her pee was surging inside, on the very edge of her pee hole, about to explode and come out. "NOOO, please PLEASE OH God PLEASE I HAVE TO PEEEEE!" Her screaming received no response. The photographer just kept clicking, the lights kept flashing. Rachel smiled and stroked Kristen's panties harder. She aligned her stroke with Kristen's slit, pushing into her panties, feeling the curls of Kristen's pubic hair bunched up, trapped by the tight, see through fabric of Kristen's black mesh panties. Kristen cried out, the touch torturing her tormented bladder. She tried to hold back her pee, twisting violently against the shackles again, her body shaking, her heart racing, her blood screaming through her veins, her whole body on the very edge, in total agony. "NOOOOO" she screamed again as the hugest wave of pressure overtook her, the pee burning inside, the stinging insane. A slight dribble escaped her tortured pee hole, and as Rachel moved up and down with her finger, she felt the two inch wet spot that suddenly appeared in Kristen's crotch. Rachel kept her finger there and pushed, into Kristen. She screamed. "OH GODDD. NOOO. Please I NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM JUST OH God Please please PLEASE PLEASE JUST LET ME USE THE BATHROOM oh God". Another spurt escaped from Kristen's screaming bladder. A slight trickle of pee ran down her right thigh. Rachel moved aside, letting the photographer zoom in. "NOOOOOOO!!! NOOOOOO oh God, why are you making me wet myself?????" Kristen begged, thrashing against the rock wall, her wrists sore from the restraints. One of her heels broke off, and she stood barefoot on one foot and in the other heel, her bladder screaming. Rachel probed again, pressing hard into Kristen's belly. "NOOO, not that. Oh God STOP STOP STOP, PLEASE STOP don't make me wet myself, OH God PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME WET MY SELF AGAINN OH GODDDDDD, noOOOOo!" Tears streamed from Kristen now, both cheeks were covered with streaks as she began crying uncontrollably. Her body shook and she trembled. Another spurt of pee escaped and Kristen peed into her panties for three seconds. The photographer clicked rapidly, capturing the stream of pee as it left her exposed pee hole, capturing the spread of the wet spot, capturing the trickle of pee as it rolled down Kristen's legs as she shook violently, humiliated, shamed. The man behind the computer monitor smiled, loving the last shot, a close up of the tight fabric hugging Kristen's pubic mound, the burst of pee escaping through the stretched, taut fabric, a trickle of drops frozen in time as they dribbled down her leg. "Hurt her," the assistant screamed. Kristen screamed loudly. Rachel reached over and again pinched Kristen's nipples, this time as hard as she could. Kristen exploded in screams, her breast in agony as Rachel twisted her nipple in her surprisingly strong grip. "NOOOO oh GODDDD NOOOOOOOOOO that hurts NOOOOOOO" Kristen yelled, her body in total panic. Rachel reached down, releasing her nipple and shoved her hand hard into Kristen's belly, and then put her hand right over the patch of panty and pushed, HARD, into Kristen's pubic mound. Kristen screamed again, her cries echoing throughout the rock quarry. "NOOOO. Oh GoD, OH GODDDDDDD THAT HURTS WHY WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?" Kristen's bladder screamed inside, the pressure too much. Rachel moved her hand to Kristen's breasts again and pinched her nipple again, hard. Pee exploded out of Kristen's body as she screamed again, her voice hoarse now. Tormented and tortured, she couldn't control her bodies' urges. Rachel stood back as Kristen cried out in a voice shattered by fear in total agony as she uncontrollably peed into her panties right there. Pee exploded out of her pee hole, a thirty second sizzling stream of hot urine gushing through the transparent black fabric that so tightly cupped her girlhood, streaming down her legs and straight down onto the dirt between her legs. Kristen tried to hold it back. She couldn't. She screamed again. "OH GODDDD NOOOOOOOOOOOO! PLEASE!!!!! Oh NOOOOOO!" Her voice was in shambles, her throat raw from screaming, her body not obeying her commands. A huge puddle quickly formed beneath her as Kristen wet herself while being photographed; pee streaming out of her like a fire hose. She could barely speak and was whimpering, soft crying sounds coming from the tormented, humiliated girl as she continued to pee uncontrollably. The photographer kept clicking, zooming in again, capturing the stream of sizzling pee as it escaped her now wet panties, clearly capturing her most private area as her lips parted in tension. Zooming out, he captured the girl crying, her face red with tears, the blond girl squeezing Kristen's nipples, watching the torture and humiliation progress. Rachel moved away, and the camera zoomed in on various parts of Kristen's body as she continued to pee into her panties. Her hands shook violently against the restraints; pee streaming out of her body as quickly as tears streamed from her eyes. She couldn't believe what was happening to her. "Rachel, do it," the assistant commanded. Rachel smiled. Moving herself in front of Rachel, the photographer moved to the side. The assistant moved the big light. Rachel breathed in and then pressing her body against Kristen's, their bikini panties touching the others, Rachel started to wet her pants, her pee spraying through her pink bikini panties, flooding the fabric as she started peeing into Kristen's already wet panties. Kristen screamed, humiliated that the other girl, her sister's best friend, was peeing onto her!! Her eyes were wide as Rachel pulled her panties to the side and peed onto Kristen's panties. She reached over and pulled Kristen's panties away from her belly. Stepping up onto a rock, Rachel giggled and shot a stream of sizzling hot pee directly between Kristen's panties and her tummy, her pee stream arcing and soaking Kristen. Kristen shrieked in panic, never having even imagined that another girl would be urinating onto her! Rachel slowly finished, and then began to caress and hug Kristen, touching her wet panties as the camera clicked. Kristen, trapped, had no choice but to endure the punishment. She winced as Rachel probed into her panties deeply, feeling up and down along Kristen's slit, Kristen trying to back away impossibly into the rock wall as she did so. Kristen had to pee again, and once again urinated as Rachel felt her pee stream coming out of her. Rachel pressed closer and put her hand over Kristen's mound, touching the sizzling stream that sprayed out of Kristen's body while Kristen winced. It didn't last long; twenty seconds later as it dwindled down, Rachel pulled away, leaving Kristen standing there, ashamed and humiliated. The camera stopped clicking, and the lights stopped flashing. Finally, as Kristen stood there sobbing, the photographer called out, and as quickly as it began, it was over. Nicole came running down as they untied Kristen. "Well, that went pretty well. Here's your check!" Kristen looked through her tears at the check. Two thousand, just like she said. "Well, come again, it was nice working with you!" Kristen was speechless, still in shock. Kristen looked around, and hobbled back up to the trailer. Embarrassed, she took a bottle of water and emptied it into a paper towel and tried to wash herself, cleaning the pee streaks from her legs and trying to wash her crotch as best she could. She cried as she finished, tears still trickling from her eyes down her cheek, and she sheepishly put her blue mesh panties back on, pulled up her micro miniskirt, and put her white ribbed tank top back on. Her hair was a mess, and she was red with embarrassment from having wet herself in front of the camera. She tried to compose herself. "Be strong," she repeated. "Be Strong!" A deep breathe. She wiped the tears from her cheeks, put on her sandals, turned around, and sheepishly walked up the hill again, over to her car, and got in. Right as she crested the top of the hill she heard a high–pitched shriek. Nicole had walked over to the trailer, and unable to hold her bladder in any longer, suddenly began to pee viciously into her short khaki shorts, right in front of the crew, pee streaming down her legs and darkening the crotch of her shorts, pee running everywhere as she screamed out in shame. The photographer quickly zoomed over to where his makeup stylist stood, wetting herself in her shorts and snapped a few shots without her knowing it. She started crying as she wet herself in front of everyone, an irony, being that she knew clearly what the job here was: she did makeup and styling for a fetish photographer, yet she never would have DARED to have wet herself like what she knew had just happened to Kristen. But here she was, pee dripping down her lovely legs, her shorts clearly wet with pee, and everyone was looking at her. And photographs were being taken. She was humiliated. But Kristen didn't bother to turn around to look. She drove off down the road, still mortified at the humiliation she had been put through. She hoped and prayed that her Dad would never find out just what she had done for her first modeling job – he would most certainly have a heart attack if he saw her half naked peeing in her see through underwear tied to a rock wall. She was ashamed. Stopping at the light, she looked over at her copy of the model release she had signed. Sure enough, on page three it clearly stated she would agree to fetish modeling. She cried out, cursing herself for not reading the agreement before she signed it. Shamed that for the second time that day she had wet her pants in front of people, she drove home, sobbing. As she reached the interstate, she sped up, hurrying to get home. Driving for a few miles, she began to feel a little better, still ashamed, but calming down. Until she ended up in a traffic jam caused by road construction– cars were stopped and people were looking at her, her ultra short miniskirt barely covering her body. She lost her positive attitude that she had tried to wear on her face, and once again tears sprang to her eyes. She tried to stop her crying but struggled, as the day's events were too much for her. Stopped in traffic, she swore loudly, to nobody in particular. "WHY can't something just work right for me today!" she yelled in anguish. She hated traffic jams. The cars weren't moving; the sun was beating down on her in her convertible. Stuck, trapped in the traffic, Kristen suddenly felt genuine fear. She needed to use the bathroom again. Badly. Her weakened bladder had filled quickly to its limit with all the water she drank, and here she was, miles from an exit, exposed in her short mini–skirt, her bladder throbbing in desperation. "Oh God, NOT AGAIN!!" she cried out, clenching her legs, willing the traffic jam to release so she could get home before she wet herself again. "NOT AGAIN, oh Jesus, please don't let it happen to me again!!!" she cried out, her body anguished as her bladder pulsated within her. The stinging pain started again, starting slowly. Kristen looked around. She was stuck, and it was hot. Without thinking, she finished the last of the water she had brought earlier as she waited. Then things started to move. Cars were moving slowly now, a few miles per hour. Kristen cursed the other drivers as she sat there, in her convertible, in her short micro miniskirt, exposing her blue mesh panties, and needing to pee so badly she started to worry if she would make it home before she had another accident. The next exit was only three miles ahead. Biting her lip, the 18–year–old model clenched her legs together, willing herself to hold in her pee, desperate to make it to the next exit to find a bathroom. Any bathroom. She didn't care, she'd go pee behind a rock if she needed to, and she just didn't want to have another accident today. At eighteen years old, she wasn't supposed to wet her pants and already had done just that twice in one day. The complete and utter shame of that fact humiliated her and she almost started to cry. How could life be so cruel to her? Why did she have to have not one, but TWO accidents on one day? It wasn't fair!! Another mile to go, the stinging pressure increased, and Kristen struggled to keep her car between the lines; her body was starting to squirm as her need to urinate grew immensely. At least the cars were moving now. Slowly. She applied the brakes quickly, letting her attention lapse for a moment and almost rear–ending the red pickup in front of her. She stopped in time, clenching her legs together awkwardly, holding back her pee. "Come on, COME ON" she screamed, her bladder protesting, the pain of the spasms increasing with every second. Kristen once again needed to go to the bathroom so badly it would not be possible for her to hold it much longer. The stinging pain tortured the struggling girl as she sat trapped in her car, wishing traffic would move faster towards the exit. Half a mile to go– her calves shook, twitching, as her legs were pressed together. The awkwardness of having to drive while trying to hold back her pee was causing more problems. She tried to keep her legs tightly together while at the same time leaving her right foot on the accelerator. Her knees were locked together, and her mini–skirt had rose up by now from all her squirming, exposing another slice of her thigh on the sides. Her panties were in full view, only an inch or two of fabric covering them on the top of her lap – not enough, anybody who drove by in a taller vehicle – like the 18 wheelers – could clearly see her blue underwear. With one hand jammed between her legs, pressing against her pee hole, those same onlookers could immediately tell that Kristen was absolutely bursting, desperate to pee and trying to rush to the exit before she wet herself into her skirt in her new car. The exit ramp lay ahead. "Come On, come on come–on oh God," she squealed, the pressure intensifying. She pressed her fingers into her girlhood firmer, trying to ease the torture on her urethra and her pee–hole, her pee so desperate to escape, her body racked with agonizing pain. She tried to take deep breathes, but couldn't. She was almost hyperventilating; sweat forming on her brow as she tried to clench her muscles. She needed to pee SO BADLY now that she could barely drive. The stinging sensation increased again, shock wave after shock wave of screaming pain ravishing her young struggling body. The exit had a fast food restaurant to the right side. Kristen saw it and knew she was near relief. "Oh GOD, just a few more minutes, oh God." She clenched her muscles. She was at the traffic light now – red. She waited. The restaurant was up there past the light to the right. She could see the entrance to the parking lot; she could even see the bathroom doors through the windows. Relief was nearby! Her body shook, a wave of surging pressure overtaking her once again. She felt her urine throb inside of her, seemingly on the very edge of her pee hole, about to explode and burst out into her panties. She HAD to hold on. Just a few more seconds! She pressed harder into her panties, feeling the tangled mass of pubic hair through the nylon fabric. Finally, the light turned green! A yellow school bus was finishing the turn into her lane before she could move, and Kristen once again almost started peeing, her bladder screaming, throbbing, pulsating violently inside her tortured body. "HURRY UP," she screamed at the school bus, on the breaking point, she was about to explode into her mini skirt and knew she couldn't hold out for very long!
Finally, she went through the intersection and then followed the yellow school bus into the parking lot. "CRAP," she swore loudly. No parking spots near the front, the bus had taken the last one. She drove around to the other side and found the last spot. Quickly parking, she almost wet her skirt when she took her hand away from her pee hole. The pressure was insane and as she quickly stepped out of the car and adjusted her mini–skirt, Kristen almost started urinating right there – a violent surge of pee pressure ran through her body, her heart rate soared, her pulse quickened, and she tried with every muscle to contain the flow. Walking, stumbling, she arrived at the side door of the building. Pulling on the door, her knees locked together in absolute agony. It didn't open. Another wave of pressure coursed through her muscles, Kristen almost peed again, just barely holding it back at the last minute, her body wanting to release SO badly. Then she saw the little plastic sign on the door. "Please use front entrance." She swore. Walking around the side, she arrived at the front door. Opening it, she immediately stepped inside and stumbled as she walked quickly. Regaining her balance, trying not to pee herself in front of everyone standing at the crowded counter, she headed quickly to the back along the right where the bathrooms were. As she turned the corner quickly, desperate to get to the bathroom in the next few seconds before she could no longer hold back her pee, she bumped into a girl. Looking up, she saw a white and purple cheerleader's uniform turn and look at her. "Excuse me," she mumbled. Then she nearly froze in fright: There was a line of cheerleaders, all in their uniforms and cheerleader skirts, all waiting to use the one ladies' bathroom! Kristen started to feel faint. She looked around. At least twenty girls in front of her! Twenty cheerleaders. A few of them were holding themselves, apparently in very serious need of a bathroom themselves. "Um, are you ALL in line for the bathroom??" she asked the girl in front of her. "Yea, we just came back from like this school an hour from here and I need to pee so bad I can't stand it!" The girl in front of the girl who spoke looked to be having incredible struggles. Shorter, maybe 5'3 with blond hair tied up in a ponytail, her muscular legs were clenched together and she was half bent over, crying, looking up, her eyes wide, in obvious need of the bathroom herself. "Wow, you really have to go, Tara, don't you?" the first cheerleader said. "Mm. Oh God, shut up. Oh God" the girl replied, looking behind her. Kristen saw her standing there, holding her skirt up, her legs clenched together, her white cheerleader skirt bunched around her waist, with her purple lycra cheerleader trunks visible. She was pacing back and forth, trying to keep from peeing into her uniform. Kristen didn't know what to do. Seeing this other girl incredibly desperate made it even worse, and once again she felt an enormous wave of pressure overtake her, the pee screaming inside, the pain worse than before, her weakened bladder rebelling from the torture of having to hold SO much water. Kristen knew she would have to wait... but could she? The line moved as one girl came out. "HURRRY," the struggling cheerleader screamed. Kristen tried to concentrate, tried to stem the flow, and was struggling. The burning sensation came again, the pressure stinging inside of her, as she needed to pee immediately. Looking around, she looked for the men's room, thinking she would just have to sneak in there before she peed into her miniskirt in front of this bus full of cheerleaders. Just as she thought about that, another girl came out. The line moved. "OH GOD– No. HURRRY please HURRRY oh God pleASE," screamed Tara. The struggling cheerleader was crying, her body shaking, her ponytail flopping back and forth as she shook. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She clenched her legs but to no avail. "NOOOOOOO" she screamed, and Kristen turned to look at her. Tara looked up at her friend and then at Kristen just as she started to uncontrollably pee into her cheerleader trunks. Kristen saw the pee stain quickly appear in the purple fabric as it clung to the tortured girls mound and then saw the streams explode from the tight fabric, a large stream gushing out of the lycra fabric aiming down the inside of her thighs, and pee droplets running down her legs as well as her trunks were soon soaked. Within two seconds the cheerleader was uncontrollably peeing into her uniform skirt, pee streaming out of her pee hole, gushing through the purple fabric as she held her cheerleading skirt up and out of the way. She screamed again, and everybody in line started to turn around and they giggled and laughed as they saw her peeing into her pants, right there, a huge puddle forming between her legs. Kristen tried to look away, but couldn't. Watching the cheerleader go to the bathroom in her cheerleading outfit in a huge public accident was too much; it reminded her of how badly she needed to go. Struggling, her own pee pressure shrieking inside of her, Kristen tried to hold on. Another wave cascaded through her body and she started to shake. She knew it was all over. She tried to hold it back, but couldn't. For the third time that day, Kristen wet her self. Her tormented bladder exploded and her pee hole released a sizzling gushing stream through her blue mesh panties, splashing between her legs onto the floor and running down her right inner thigh. Kristen started crying, sobbing as she tried to stop the flow but could not – her bladder was much to weak from the day's torture and she continued to pee into her pants right in front of the cheerleaders waiting in line. Tara had just finished peeing and turned around, as did everyone else, and suddenly 18 cheerleaders were looking at Kristen as she peed into her miniskirt. The pee came splashing onto the floor between her legs, her thighs shiny as her bladder emptied into her clothing, soaking her legs, stream after stream of warm, sizzling pee escaping from the girl's tormented, humiliated body. All of the cheerleaders started laughing, except for Tara, who stood there in fright, having just wet herself too. Kristen cried out in anguish and humiliation and left the restaurant, heading quickly back to her car, escaping the scene where she had just wet herself for the third time. Pee dripping from her panties and down her legs, cars in the parking lot honked their horns as drivers laughed out loud at the pretty dark haired girl running to her car, having so obviously wet her pants in the restaurant. Inside, a thin red headed girl near the back of the line softly began crying, trying to hide from the others. Those that were looking in her direction saw the girl suddenly wet her cheerleading outfit, pee streaming down her thin freckled legs, her trunks quickly soaked as she had her accident as she stood there, shaking, tears streaming down her freckled face, her red hair tied back in a ponytail. Her body kept spraying hot urine through her trunks and she felt humiliated as she peed into her uniform right there, the hot pee streaming down her thin thighs while she cried. Luckily the others were still laughing at Kristen's huge accident and they didn't see her – until she walked back into the bus and everyone noticed the shiny pee streak marks on her white legs. The red headed girl then started to sob in embarrassment as the other girls started to tease her too. The shyest member of the cheerleading squad, she was ashamed that she had just wet herself in front of the rest of the girls. It was bad enough peeing in her jeans when she had taken the SAT tests earlier in the year. Everyone in the classroom had started laughing as they saw the pee puddle spread between her legs in the chair. Her jeans had quickly gotten soaked from the hissing pee that horrible afternoon, but peeing herself in a public place in front of her friends while wearing the revealing cheerleading outfit was entirely too much for the petite, shy redhead to endure. She cried harder, shaking in humiliation and embarrassment. Meanwhile, outside, Kristen pulled out of the parking lot in mortal shame, still sobbing uncontrollably, and started to ease her car back up to the expressway, to head home before her Dad would get home. WHY was life so cruel to her? She had wet her pants AGAIN!! Kristen was absolutely mortified at how horribly her day had gone. "It can NOT get any worse!!" she swore to herself. She had to avoid Dad. Absolutely. Positively. She could NOT let him see this – he would have a heart attack for sure. Talking to herself, trying to calm herself down after the most horrendous day in her life, she didn't even notice how high her mini–skirt had been pulled up and how exposed her now–soaking wet blue panties were to the trucks and SUVs that drove by. Crying, sobbing in humiliation, Kristen rushed home. She didn't notice how many other vehicles honked at her as she drove home, her skirt obviously wet from her pee accident. Even worse, all the water she had been forced to drink was taking its toll on her abused bladder, and within a few miles of the exit for her house, Kristen noticed, once again, that she needed to go to the bathroom– very, very badly. She clenched her legs together once again, glad that at least it wasn't that far to go before she would get home.
Twenty minutes later, Kristen pulled down the side street and headed to her house. Looking at the driveway, she breathed a sigh of relief. She needed to pee SO badly again, and thankfully, her father wasn't home yet. Pulling into the driveway, she looked around and then got out of the car, adjusting her miniskirt as she did so. A wet stain was on the seat, so she threw a towel over it to hide it. She couldn't let her parents know what had happened today. She trembled a bit as she walked to the front door, her bladder once again screaming violently for relief. She was seconds away from a toilet and then a nice warm shower, and then she'd try to do laundry before her father would get home from work. Walking up to the door, she looked around; the dark haired girl who lived next door was a few blocks away, walking down the sidewalk with a bag in her hand. Nobody else. Kristen reached into her purse and tried to find her keys. She couldn't. "NOO," she cried. Her bladder pulsated once again, all of the torture it had endured had made her need to pee so much worse than usual now. She shook, and clenched her legs as she felt the stinging sensation pierce through her body, her need to pee suddenly immediate. She walked back to the car and rummaged through the front seat. Nothing. No keys. Struggling, she made her way back to the door. Checked under the flowerpot where her Mom used to keep a spare. Nothing. "Shit!!!" she swore. Her bladder pulsed stronger. It had just been over half an hour since she had wet herself and now she had to go pee, very badly, again. So badly that her weakened bladder could not possibly hold up to any more abuse. She needed to pee right now, the pressure insane. She started to tremble. WHAT could she do? She was LOCKED OUT!!! "DAMNNNNN" she swore, realizing the agony she was facing. Her bladder sent a huge wave of spasms through her body again, her pee hole barely holding on, the hot urine inside of her dying to escape once again, her bladders membranes weak and stretched, the throbbing pressure unrelenting. Kristen needed to go to the bathroom SO badly! She looked around, needing to use the restroom but locked out of her own house! She couldn't wait for her Dad to get home – he'd know she wet herself and spank her again. Or worse. She turned around, desperate now. Her bladder completely weakened, her body sent massive surges of pee pressure through her. She started to cry again, just slightly. Sitting down on the cement step, she faced the street, not knowing what to do. Her bladder screamed. The neighbor girl was getting closer; maybe she could ask her if she had a key. She sat, her legs open, and the dark hair girl strode by, a plastic bag in her right hand. Right as she neared the intersection of the sidewalk and the walk to Kristen's front door, Kristen thought about crying out and asking to use her bathroom next door, but then, just as Kristen opened her mouth, a huge spasm shook the struggling eighteen year old and Kristen's bladder exploded. Without any warning she started to pee forcefully and violently into her skirt, a huge puddle quickly spreading between her legs on the cement steps as she urinated uncontrollably into her skirt again! The hissing sound was obvious in the quiet of the day as pee thrashed through her panties yet once again, and with her legs apart, it was completely obvious that Kristen was wetting on herself to anybody that walked by. Her soaked blue panties in clear view up her miniskirt as she sat there, uncontrollably urinating into her clothes on the step, her legs spread apart in shame. Kristen started crying, unable to stop the flow, feeling the hot pee spread on the step and feeling the wetness soak her miniskirt and the back of her upper legs and butt. She was sitting in a puddle of her own pee! The dark haired neighbor stopped and looked. Wearing a blue business suit, blue blazer, and a tight pair of blue pinstripe slacks, along with a white blouse, she had just gotten done with her work for the day and was returning from the corner convenience store, two large bottles of water in the plastic bag she was holding. She looked at Kristen, who was crying uncontrollably. Kristen looked up, embarrassed, her legs still open, a huge puddle of pee still quickly spreading between them while she continued to void relentlessly, her pee hissing and sizzling noisily out of her pee hole, spraying through the taut fabric of her mesh panties, gushing like a waterfall out of the poor girls pee hole. The dark haired girl walked up to her, closer, only a few feet away, and looked right up Kristen's skirt. She saw the dark tangle of pubic hair and the pee spraying out from the mesh panties as Kristen finished peeing into her skirt. She saw the huge puddle spreading between Kristen's legs– running down the step, spreading into the grass. Kristen looked up, mumbling. "I'm sorry oh my, I'm sorry I just wet my pantssss, oh God oh NOO, oh GODDD," she cried, embarrassed that yet again she had wet herself. This time in front of her neighbor, who seemed like such a quiet, shy girl. She looked down and put her head into her hands, crying uncontrollably, mortified knowing that their next door neighbor had just seen her wet her pants. The dark haired girl said nothing and smiled. Kristen sobbed louder, completely ashamed; she never looked up to see the quickly spreading flood of pee that the quiet dark haired girl was spraying into her tightly fitting pinstripe slacks. The pee came flooding out of the expensive fabric as she urinated into them, flowing wonderfully down her legs while she emptied her bladder into her business outfit while looking up Kristen's skirt to look at the wetness and her puddle. Kristen never noticed the hissing noise as the dark hair girl continued to empty her bladder into her slacks, a sheepish smile coming onto her face while she wet on herself on purpose in front of the humiliated eighteen–year–old model. She was completely turned on yet again by the sight of her neighbor wetting herself. As the dark haired girl turned to walk away, her slacks were weighted down with pee and drops followed her footsteps as she quickly walked back down the sidewalk and headed into her own house. Kristen didn't even bother to look up; she never knew the girl had wet herself on purpose in front of her. Slowly starting to control her sobbing, Kristen tried to gather her thoughts. Wiping her cheeks with her fingers, she tried to stop shaking and crying. She looked up. The sound of a car pulling into the driveway shook her out of her misery. Glancing up, she saw her father get out of his car and start walking over. In his hand were a bunch of photographs, downloaded from the Internet an hour earlier. As he got closer, she saw the photographs. The rock. The shackles. And worst of all– a close–up of her sister's friend Rachel touching her panties while she peed through them during the modeling session. "Oh NO," she swore, realizing what must have happened. She froze in fright, wondering where he had gotten the pictures? Her father called out her name– once, in anger. Kristen started to cry again uncontrollably as her father bounded over to her in big steps, the photographs in his hand. "NOOOOOOO" she screamed as he grabbed her, unlocking the door and dragging her up the stairs into her room. "NOOO DAD, please, NOOOO, oh GODDD, please, NOOOO, I can explain..." she sobbed, begging, pleading to her angry father, who was reaching for the long ruler, his face red with fury.
In the next house, the dark haired girl had quickly changed into a red bathing suit she used to wear as a lifeguard. She hadn't even showered yet, and her bladder was filling up again from the two quarts of water she had drunk a little earlier. She went out on her balcony, and sure enough, looked through Kristen's open window. The taut fabric of her bathing suit clung to her damp mound. She touched herself, stroking the red fabric, feeling her fingernails stroke against the fabric that clung to her pubic hair so wonderfully tight. She looked into the window. Kristen stood there, her skirt pulled off, her pee soaked wet panties obvious to anyone who looked in. She was crying. Her father reached back, and the sound of the wooden ruler as it quickly and violently connected with the wet panties clinging to Kristen's ass was unmistakable. Again. Again. Again. Kristen screamed out, her voice harsh as her father spanked her violently, each time the ruler connecting with her wet panties, stinging, the pain impressive as he continued to punish her for her misdeeds. The dark haired girl sat and watched, just like that morning. Through the large window she saw everything. A stream of pee exploded through her red bathing suit and her fingers quickly reached for herself, feeling the warm urine spread through her crotch and once again trickles onto the floor of her balcony. 27 years old, she once again wet herself on purpose, completely excited as she watched her younger neighbor getting spanked by her father for wetting herself in pictures. She knew she'd have to check out the Internet later to go find them. A smile came across her face as she pleasured herself on the porch. Kristen's screaming continued, her voice weakened now from the punishment. It was a horrible day on her first job for the aspiring teenage model– and a wonderful day for her lesbian neighbor.
By: Gillian