Jerri just loved her latex catsuit but she loved her crotch high rubber boots even more. Tonight, she had a date with Larry and she knew she'd turn him into a raging satyr with what she'd decided to wear.
She shimmied into the catsuit before adding a pair of latex bootsocks then added a thick rubber belt around her slim waist. All this time she continued drinking a sports drink she knew would go through her quickly.
She then drew on her long boots before pulling on a pair of latex gauntlets and then came the transluscent PVC mac that reached down just over the tops of her boots.
The plan was to go to her local pub and Jerri was pleased to note the downpour as Larry picked her up. They drove for the few minutes and parked in the pub's parking lot before getting out of the car and heading into the saloon bar. Jerri was pleased to see Larry had worn his rubber riding boots over the rubber jods she loved to see on him and was already getting hot under her rubber cocoon. She thought she might explode too soon as she watched his trim ass undulate ahead of her across the parking lot and was pleased that there were two stools at the bar when they got in there.
Nodding her thanks, Jerri accepted the pint of beer and, while Larry watched, drank it swiftly, nodding to him for a second which instantly arrived. This one she took a little more time to consume. Larry already knew what she was up to.
He knew so well the way her body stiffened slightly and her look of concentration as the first feelings of warm wetness gushed from her crotch, trickling down her rubber encased thighs and slowly sogged her feet inside the long boots and Jerri was well aware Larry had done the same in his rubber jodphurs.
Meanwhile, others had come around the duo and were striking up conversations with them. Two attractive people in a pub won't be alone for too long. Jerri was quite impressed with one of these people, a girl with long blond hair, a PVC miniskirt and thigh high white leather boots with four inch heels. She invited Tanya to join them and have a beer and the three were soon in deep conversation about, what else, the English weather, Tanya unaware that, as they continued to drink, Jerri and Larry were letting nature take it's course, flooding themselves at almost regular intervals in secrecy.
"Listen, guys... I have to visit the loo..." Said Tanya. "You two may be like camels and can hold it all day but I cant..."
"I'll come with you..."Said Jerri, smiling inwardly at Larry's moue of disappointment. He must have thought she was going to chicken out of the wet games. "I have to fix my makeup..." She added for his sake.
The rain had taken a turn for the worse (or better, as the case might be) and the two girls entered the bathroom to find it flooded. By now, Tanya really had to go and could feel the pressures trying to exert release. That's when they noted that the two commodes were stopped up.
"Oh, no... "Said Tanya. "What do I do now???"
"Do what I'm doing..." Replied Jerri. "Just do it down your legs..."
"You...WHAT?" Came back Tanya.
"What else are you going to do? Just crouch down in the corner and let it out... I'll keep watch so no one else comes in..."
Tanya was very unsure of what to do but knew she had no choice. Secretly watched by Jerri, she squatted down, her booted legs apart and concentrated on getting the job done, a small spurt of liquid trickling from her before the floodgates opened and she released her stream which gushed down her stockinged thighs and into the tops of her already sodden boots. "Oh, damn..." She said.
"Not to worry, love. Some of us do that all the time... It's a sexy feeling and so, ah, inspiring... Why dont you join Larry and I and we'll show you the ropes, as it were..."
(ADDENDUMS TO THIS STORY FROM OTHERS MIGHT BE FUN...)
Mike