Making her wait... (Part 4)

By Sean, December 1994

When G and I got back from the trip to visit my brother and from her first official wetting incident, we both had all kinds of crazy ideas going thru our little heads. She was definitely enjoying the watersports stuff and just being generally sexually experimentative. Plus we were discovering we could talk about _anything_. Instead of feeling threatened by something like a lust for someone else, we were intrigued by it.

We were actively discussing involving other people in our sex life. Now, we didn't have any delusions about doing much mixing of WS with other folks cuz WS is just considered too weird. So this episode wherein I revisit some of the strangeness we started to investigate w/ other folks will be a little, how you say, "dilute" in terms of WS.

I had dug watching her flirt with other guys at this large out-of-town bar vacation. She got lots of attention, she enjoyed it, and it was good for my ego seeing my girlfriend be such a magnet. But most of all, it stirred up some unexplainable feelings of arousal in dark corners of my brain.

I was reminded of a time back shortly after I had catalyzed the breakup between her and her previous boyfriend. We were seeing each other steadily, sleeping together every night, but still not ready to admit we were a couple. I made a point of seeing another woman once a week or so. And she made a point of finding a date for that night as well. I wasn't screwing this other girl yet, and G and I had at least agreed we weren't going to have sex with our respective dates. Making out however was allowed. Boys, girls, rules, rules, rules :)

Well one night after my other date, I came over to G's apartment a little early. Her date hadn't left. She had an apartment on the first floor of an old house, so ever of inquiring mind I wandered around and looked in a window. She was standing in the hall kissing this guy quite passionately, her shirt pushed partway up, and his likewise. I felt a surge of jealousy, but I also found I felt incredibly aroused. I stood there quite transfixed as they say. Finally she pushed him away and edged him towards the door.

I felt relief, but also a little disappointed. I kinda wanted to be her unable to stop herself. I wanted to see her give in to uncontrollable horniness and go a little farther or even screw that guy. At the same time, I would have felt incredibly betrayed that she'd broken "The Agreement". I'd just finished making out with my date in a similar manner, but this had made me much more aroused.

(the psychologist enters) So according to my calculations, what I seem to like is anything related to "girl has really strong tinglies down there and is eventually unable to control them" :)

Thus my enjoyment of women holding on while desperate to urinate and finally wetting themselves and my sorta hope in the above situation that G would lose control and go too far with that guy. I don't know, there's also maybe just a detachment that made me enjoy her horniness in a different way too when it was with another guy. It's like when she was with me, I knew she was horny, but hey, it was just me. When she was with another guy, I could imagine she was possessed by uncontrollable desires. Or something like that. It's really amazing how sex tangles itself up so intricately in your brain and in such a variety of fun ways.

One other sidenote: as I've mentioned, my current girlfriend is not really up for anything terribly wild. She likes sex plenty, but she just doesn't have the dark, crazy side that apparently is necessary to synergize with my dark, crazy side. Nonetheless, I'm quite happy-- but maybe writing this diary stuff is some kind of fun reliving or catharsis. OK, enough self-involved whining... back to events.

After he left, I went in and told her that I'd been voyeuring a bit. I told her even then I thought it was kinda fun. Now as we began discussing doing something with other people, I brought that event up again. I asked her if she'd like to do something more with that guy. She was quite up for that!

So we made rather overly elaborate plans for an experiment. Altho this was mostly an experiment in "other people", I still wanted to bring WS in at least a bit. The plan: she would call this guy up and say I was out of town on biz and that she was bored, and she would get him to go out. They'd just go bar hopping or something like that. Then at an appointed time, she'd bring him back to her apartment, use the old "slip into something more comfortable" line, and change into a really sexy black thing with lace, you know that stuff.

She would then mess around with him, and would satisfy him orally, but we agreed on a "no penetration" policy and also that whatever he did to her, she was not allowed to let herself come. Oops, there's that "holding back the tinglies" thing again.

And for added grins for me, I told her to not pee while they were out, to wait til she got him back to the apartment. Yeah, this didn't really seem to amount to all that much, but I still got off on the idea that she'd be going out drinking for a whole night and would not get to relieve herself until the scheduled time. I just had to trust her to behave in this regard-- I wasn't going to try to follow 'em around or anything. Whadda think I'm crazy or something? 

As far as me watching, we settled for the crude arrangement that I'd used before whereby I simply just stood outside and hoped that the neighbors wouldn't call the police. The bedroom window had a great view of the bed, and we adjusted the position of the living room couch so that I could see one end of it thru the open bedroom door.

She had no trouble setting up the apparently illicit rendezvous with this other guy. Us guys are so noble. G and I did our usual sex-without-orgasm for several days prior to arranged night. We were both very buzzed with anticipation-- the buildup was a major part of the fun.

I don't remember what I did to kill time that night, but I had a few beers and brought a couple more along to drink while I watched. I also made myself wait to pee out of empathy. I was starting to ache very badly when I went to stand outside the back of the house and wait for her arrival. It was easy for me to imagine how she must be feeling also repressing an evenings worth of alcohol off wherever she was. Just the knowledge that she was super horny, out with a strange guy, and holding it was an amazingly stimulating for moi. And I certainly wasn't going to give in to the need to pee since I knew she was keeping it in.

She brought him home exactly at the appointed time. She made immediately for the bathroom as soon as she got in the door. I unfortunately couldn't witness her moment of relief, but my imagination was happy to fill in the details. I also took the much needed opportunity myself on some willing bushes.

She emerged from the bathroom and went in the kitchen and got him a beer and herself a beverage. She looked out that window for a high sign from me that it was still OK to proceed. I gave her the big thumbs up. She took drinks back to the living room. Then she said she was going to change. I moved back to the bedroom window and watched her slip into her lingerie. Then she went back out and gave him a rather nice surprise!

They sat on the end of the couch that I could see and made out for a while. This was the best part to watch cuz she was dressed so sexy and it was such a nice tease. Finally she brought him into the bedroom. They proceeded with lovemaking with her making it clear to him that he would get a blowjob but would not get to fuck her.

They rolled around and I saw him trying to break her willpower and mount her. She valiantly resisted, but I could imagine what she was feeling trying to keep that dick that promised such satisfaction (read "relief") from entering her. She finally pushed him away and gave him a nice blowjob. I could hear him groan thru the window when he came.

After that, he reciprocated and went down on her. She was arching her back and moaning but occasionally squirming to shift position to avoid orgasm. I was in heaven watching her restrain herself like this. Notice any similarities anyone? Naw....

After he'd pleasured her for a while, she said she thought she was too drunk and wouldn't be able to come. Ha-- she could have come in a heartbeat. Then she indicated that she was paranoid about him staying the evening with her, and got him dressed and out of there.

When he was safely clear, I went around front and went in. She was breathless from the excitement of it all. We went immediately to the bedroom and fucked each others proverbial brains out. It was a major piece of fun all the way around.

Afterwards, she told me that yes, she'd been very desperate to pee when they finally got to her apartment. She'd been in such trouble at the last bar they'd been at that she'd had to make up some story about the women's room being too grungy cuz she'd been getting too squirmy. And she said the last few minutes that she'd had to stall to avoid coming home too early had crawled by agonizingly slowly as her bladder screamed for release. I of course had no way of knowing for sure she'd really held it all night, but I believed her. She was into this every step of the way with me.

Well kids, that's it for now. In our next episode, we'll probably hear about just a couple other interesting wetting incidents she had. Then maybe I'll get back to some of our other multi-person events.

'Til next time, and remember: "True love waits!" (or it is "wets"?) Actually, I think it's both :)
