Dream Team (part 10)

Posted by Tinker, on February 08, 1999 at 00:33 

Susan had not expected to find the locker room door open yet. It was half an hour before their Friday afternoon practice would begin, and usually they only gathered five minutes before. She found Diana inside in her little office, not much more than a small desk with a stool, being immersed in paperwork. "Hi Diana. Already here?"

"As you can see. I am way behind with the schedules I need for the first months of the season, and today people started to complain, so I just had to drag myself here and finish them." Susan nodded. Running a cheerleader team meant more than fooling around on the field. She turned to the benches against the wall and slowly started to take off her clothes. Neatly folding her T-shirt and jeans, she realized that there were thirty minutes of open time ahead. She had assumed to have to wait for a while before she could change, but luckily she had not. A tingle crept up her spine. Quickly she pulled down her panties, replaced them by the red uniform knickers, slipped into her tight white sweater and put on her cheerleader skirt. The whiz of the zipper set off quite a few alarms in her body. This was the sign that she was secure, she knew. From then on, her skirt would act as a shield to protect her panties from peekers, opening remarkable possibilities. 

While Susan was brushing her hair in front of the mirror, slowly getting more and more excited, Diana crunched away on the forms. Susan looked aside. Diana wore her normal working clothes, a pair of beige trousers and a loose sweater. She had her legs crossed and once in a while made a clenching movement with her thighs. "Need to go?" Susan inquired. Diana nodded, without looking up. "Yes. First the forms." Continuing to brush her hair, Susan sighed from pleasure knowing what was ahead. She had been saving up since lunch, and could use a toilet break herself.

"You should change into your uniform, Diana," she remarked. "It's much easier holding it that way." Diana mumbled something, but continued working. Susan finished her hair and headed for the door. "I'm outside on the grass, waiting for the others, okay?" Diana made a vague gesture with her left hand and crossed her legs the other way. With her hand on the door knob, Susan waited a moment to watch Diana. It was obvious that she needed to go bad. She even put her left hand in her crotch. "Come on Diana," Susan prodded her, "you can't hold it any longer. Get into your uniform before there's a real accident." Diana let her head fall forward and dropped her pen. "Okay, you win. I drank too much coffee this afternoon I think." She left the office and took her trousers down, reaching for her sport bag with her uniform. 

"Just one more form," Diana said, and hopped back onto her stool. Smiling Susan noticed that she immediately crossed her thighs again. But wearing her uniform gave Diana much more confidence in her abilities to hold, so she could complete the stack of forms without any further event. "That was the first batch," she sighed as she put the papers aside. "Twenty more to go, plus the three letters, plus the newspaper announcement, plus a few phone calls to schedule a meeting with the sports director and the football coach. But that's for later." She let herself slide off the stool, reached up her skirt to check her panties, and pulled the wrinkles out of her sweater while passing the mirror. Always be representative. 

When they got outside into the crisp air and the shining sun, both girls waited for a moment. "Don't you think it's exciting, standing here in our uniform with the full intention to wet ourselves?" Susan asked. Diana nodded enthusiastically. "Of course! I really like wearing this outfit no matter what my plans are, but setting out on a toilet trip still is absolutely wonderful. You know, being completely inconspicuous and free to go anywhere, do anything, with that lingering feeling of naughtiness." Susan added: "Yes, and as you feel the moment approaching, looking around to see that nobody has the slightest idea what you are up to. You can just go and wet under your skirt, sometimes even doing it right before their eyes! I did it a few times that way, while waiting for my first solo performance of the match." 

Diana proceeded slowly from the hardened place in front of the building towards the grass field. "Susan, I wonder. Do you like the feeling of naughtiness best, doing something unapproved by the audience without them knowing? Or do you like the feeling of getting warm and wet without being pointed at?" Susan shrugged. "Don't know. Never thought about it."

"But you never went all the way, did you?"

"Eh no, I just played a bit. My first all the way experience was at our first practice."

"Did you ever play in other clothes as your cheerleader outfit? Or, have you played any accidents since the last practice session?" Diana asked Susan. "Nope. I do not often wear a skirt, and I don't know if I would like to wear wet underwear during the day," Susan answered. "A damp uniform, okay, but otherwise... Maybe I should try."

"You never did little games with your panties when you were a little girl?" Diana inquired. "I didn't, no. It was only during cheerleader practice that my bladder problem appeared, and for a time I did not like the effect at all. It became part of me, and in the end I started to stretch the limits, but it was always related to being in sports clothes."

"Not even swimming gear?"

"No, really. Well, I did it in a pool a few times alright."

"But not in a dry swimming suit?"

"Of course not! People would notice!" Diana grinned. "You have a whole lot to learn, Susan. Enjoy it. It's a very satisfying game, and very exciting, too. Just take the steps you want, when you want to. It'll keep you busy for a while." 

"But how did you start?" Susan asked while they walked over the lawn. "That's simple. During a game where I was cheerleading, some pranksters disabled our locker room in the first period, including the toilets. It was a Saturday, all other buildings were closed. We had been hydrating like normal, so after the break it went wrong. Some of the team members went to the boy's toilets and got severely laughed at, others went behind the bleachers and got pointed at by half the stadium. Two other girls and me briefly discussed the subject and decided to go in our uniform on the field."

"And you did?"

"We didn't have much choice, did we? I waited until I simply had to go within the next five minutes or loose it involuntarily. Then I clutched my legs together, checked my skirt, made a face to my fellow teammates, and let it run through my panties. I tried to pee slowly and steadily, so that my panties would wick it down onto my legs. It worked out nicely."

"Didn't you feel terribly embarrassed?"

"Of course I did! When I had pulled my skirt down and straightened my back, waiting for it to begin, I felt awful. The first spurt in my beautiful uniform made me want to cry and sink into the ground. But the relief was immense, and after that terrible moment of going from dry and respectable to wet and dishonored, the rest was easy. Actually I liked the feeling under my skirt very much from the start, it was the embarrassment that made it hard. But wetting yourself in front of a thousand people turned out to be quite pleasurable, and nobody noticed except for my team mates. Who did it themselves a minute or so later. A sorrow shared is a sorrow halved. In the end, we panty wetters became the courageous heroes of the day, because we kept up appearances." 

Susan nodded. "I see. You got thrown in at the deep end. Well, in a sense, I got in at the shallow end, but got myself closer to the deep end every game!" They giggled as they proceeded over the grass. Susan stopped walking near the gardening tools shed. "Okay Diana, show me how you did it. I'm dead curious." Diana tilted her head. "It's simple. I peed myself." She looked down her legs. "Like this." A slight hissing sound emerged from under her skirt. Susan's mouth almost fell open from astonishment when she saw how effortlessly Diana went to the toilet in her uniform. "Ah, this is a relief," Diana sighed, and closed her eyes. With her hands vaguely roving near her skirt, as if they were not sure what to grasp, Diana discharged a complete afternoon's worth into her underwear and felt herself getting completely soaked below the waist while a few tiny streams of warm comfort ran down both her legs.

Susan did a few steps back and looked Diana over from top to toe. "It's amazing. Nothing shows, nothing at all. I would never have guessed that you could actually go completely without any trace." Diana opened her eyes. "Ho there. From a distance, yes. Not for your team mates. Don't try this at home, girls." She looked down her legs again and mumbled: "More." And more she had. Slowly but surely, everything went in, to the last hissing spurt. When she was done, she turned happily towards Susan without any regard for her uniform. It felt as if she wore a warm, wet sponge under her mini skirt, a sponge that would keep leaking for a while. But she ignored it, just as you ignore your dripping swim suit after getting out of the pool. 

"Now it's your turn. Want to try anything particular?" Susan shook her head. "No. Not yet. I want the others around. Besides, I don't really need to go right now." Diana raised her hands into the sky: "And for this you make me come out of my office?" Laughing they went back to the building. Diana got inside and carefully sat down on her stool to complete the paperwork, while Susan kept standing outside, waiting for the rest. With her legs a bit open, just in case. 

Maureen and Melissa rounded the corner of the sports park together as they walked towards the locker room building, chatting about nothing in particular. A lonely bike put against a bush attracted their attention. "Hey this looks like Michelle's bike. Why would she leave it unattended? It's expensive." They approached the bike, discovering that it was not unattended after all. Michelle stood at the other side of the bushes, reading a sign post. "Hi Michelle. What's so interesting over there?" Michelle turned her head, apparently a bit startled by the sudden appearance of the two girls. "Nnn... nothing... I'm new here. Oh, it's you." A sigh of relief followed. "What do you mean, it's us?"

"Well, I got here early to fool around a bit, knowing that this place is deserted at this time of the day. You just appear unexpectedly early."

"What do you mean, fooling around?" Melissa nudged Maureen in her side. "Don't you notice? Wearing a long dress, even while biking. Her feet a bit apart. Not moving one centimeter even when we startle her. Reading something totally uninteresting just to be on the grass. It's obvious." Michelle blushed. "Is it? I thought..."

"Rest assured, Michelle, it's just because we know," Maureen calmed her down. "It would be quite right to do it this way. Go ahead, we'll wait. Or shall we leave you alone?" Michelle shook her head and turned around completely now, getting back to her bike. "No, it's over. The magic, I mean. It took a long time before I could go, and you appeared just after I decided to begin. Nothing happened yet." 

Maureen put a hand on Michelle's arm. "Hold it right there. You were set up for fun, you should not let such an opportunity pass. Just go!" But Michelle was determined. "No, not like this. It should not be so obvious. I like it, but people should not notice, certainly not before I start. Later." She picked up her bike and together the proceeded towards the building, isolated in the green environment. Sport sounds drifted over the field, but nothing could be seen.

"This place is so quiet, it's ideal for what you do," Michelle said. After a brief pause, she continued: "I wonder. How did you all start? Only when cheerleading, like Susan?" Melissa explained that she, as a girl, often played in the woods and learned to use her dress to cover up going to the toilet. "It was out of necessity, to avoid the boys laughing at me and peeking through the bushes. They could just go against a tree, but I had to undress. Keeping my panties on was a convenient way out. And pleasurable, as I discovered." 

Maureen nodded. "It's about the same with me, but a bit different. I also liked to play in the woods, but usually alone. Running through the woods made me feel free. When I needed to go, I went behind a tree, like everybody else. But with nobody around, why behind a tree? So I started to go in the middle of the trail, with my panties on my ankles. Usually they got a bit wet anyway, so once when I was in an especially elated mood, I decided to experiment a bit and kept them on. I peed just a bit in my panties, then pulled them down and finished the normal way.

It was very exciting, and the next day I did the same, but a bit more, so that it dripped through. I saw that the wet spot stayed very small, and decided not to continue right then. While I still needed to pee, I carried on walking through the woods, flushed red in the face now, pondering my options. I would stay outside for a few more hours, so it would all dry. I needed to go in the bath after playing anyway. And it seemed quite harmless, despite its naughtiness." 

They had arrived at the building, and Michelle put her bike against the wall. Susan greeted them. "Hi Susan. In uniform already? Kept it dry?"

"Until now," Susan replied, beaming with pride. "I'm truly ready for it!" Michelle put up her hand. "Wait a moment, Susan, let Maureen finish her story about how she began." Maureen shrugged. "It's not a big deal. Some time later I had made up my mind that I should at least try it once. So I went behind a tree, again, squatted down, and carefully started to wee. A tiny bit, then some more. It was not until I did a lot more that the effect became noticeable. I was amazed about the warm feeling, and all the other things that happened to me. Obviously this game then became a standard part of my playing sessions in the woods. I would run around, climb a tree, chase birds, and wet my panties." 

Michelle seemed very interested. "But Maureen, how did you do it? Did you watch your panties going wet? Did you look around? How about the puddle? How quickly did it dry?" Maureen laughed. "Stop it, Michelle. Not so fast! I was a child, I was playing. Not much thought went into it. I just did it. I was playing, remembered that I could also play another game, then played that other game. I was always alone so I could not care less about being seen. And of course did I watch my panties go wet! That was the most exciting part of it!" She saw that both Michelle and Susan got pretty excited, too. Suddenly an idea downed upon her. Without any further comment, she went through her knees and squatted down. Her short black skirt gave way and opened up a free path to the ground. Maureen spread her knees and looked at her panties. They were light blue, almost pastel.

She liked to wear light panties under a dark skirt, feeling naughty. Thinking back to the great time she had as a girl in the woods, she put pressure on her bladder. Like then, a small dark island appeared in the middle of the blue ocean. Maureen could hear Susan and Michelle gasp. A thin line ran from the island down between her cheeks, getting wider and darker. Soon her whole crotch was damp, and the first trickle dripped down. Without taking her eyes off her underwear, Maureen went all the way, from the wetting part through the gushing part on to the intermittent spurts, and finally the dripping out. With her panties still exposed, she look up to the others and proudly stated: "Like this. Nice and easy." Then she closed her knees, clenched her thighs and cheeks, and rose to her feet. "You see? Just playing. There's nothing to it." 

Both Susan and Michelle said nothing. They just looked at Maureen's pretty short skirt, almost straight but slightly widening towards the bottom and not even reaching a third down her thighs. Maureen felt sorta flattered. "It's nothing. You can do it." Michelle made a funny sound and stiffened up. Another gasp came a second later, followed by a soft whisper. While still looking at Maureen, who smiled in support, Michelle gave in to the sudden urge that fell upon her. Suddenly she found herself going to the toilet in the clothes she had worn to class all day. It came in a real torrent, flushing all her worries down her legs. Michelle felt her wee splatter against her panties as it gushed out of her body, bounce back to her clit, get sucked into the vortex made by her crotch, thighs, and underwear fabric, run around her cheeks and ass, and finally disappear somewhere in her favorite outfit.

Panting and shuddering, she experienced the effect of a bladder full of afternoon savings being released into her dress without any preparation whatsoever. Clenching her muscles, she kept her pose, legs modestly together, disregarding her sandals in which her toes curved under the stress. It did not take very long. Near the end her hips started to gyrate a bit, but she managed to finish it off without any major giveaway. Melissa, wearing slacks and regretting that very much now, said: "Good job!" and disappeared inside to get properly dressed. 

Maureen winked to Michelle and decided to keep wearing her mini skirt, wet panties, and jersey top for the practice. This outfit was as revealing as her cheerleader uniform, and it had a nice touch to practice and pee a few more times in her street clothes, which she then would wear home. Michelle herself grabbed her long dress and held it out in front of her, looking for stains in the navy blue fabric. Amazed, she found nothing. "I just did a complete pee in my dress and *nothing* shows?" she exclaimed. Maureen nodded. "Yes. If you just let it happen and do not squirm or grab between your legs or do anything stupid, you get a wet crotch and that's it. Legs, maybe. Socks. Nothing more. I've done this often enough. With mini skirts it's more complex, because all the boys are constantly on the lookout for panty peeks. I like to flash, but not in the state I am now. At least not to just *any* boy." She followed Melissa inside to exchange her loafers for sneakers. 

Susan did not say a word. She had seen three girls get themselves completely wet panties now, without any show or preparation at all. When Michelle also disappeared inside, she was left with a bunch of questions. Obviously there was something seriously interesting in *not* working yourself up to a pee in your uniform for an hour. Why had she never tried panty peeing in her girl's dresses herself? She could have. And later she wore short skirts just as Maureen every time weather allowed. Why did she never just go to the toilet in her underwear? Scratching her head, she walked away from the building, towards the end of the sports complex. Why not her? It could be lack of examples.

But no. Most of the other girls had had no examples either, and besides, her girlfriend during primary school definitely did give her some examples. In hindsight, her so-called accidents more likely had been extensions of her play, just as Maureen's. Susan recalled various occasions where her friend had claimed to have had an accident, followed by an "it does not matter now any more" performance. But although she had openly wet herself and allowed others peeks of her wet panties afterwards, she had never exposed her panties after the so-called accident. Susan started to suspect that these accidents never actually happened, and that all "it does not matter any more" sessions really started with completely dry panties up her friend's dress. She glowed from posthumous excitement as she thought back to her friend's way of doing it, essentially getting her environment to agree to her wetting her panties on purpose. 

Susan could hear the voices of Alice and Cindy approaching. Quickly she stepped aside onto the grass and pulled her legs tightly together, waiting for the girls to appear. There they were. Alice in a nice, white summer skirt with an airy yellow top, Cindy in a denim mini skirt with a white T-shirt. When they saw Susan, they stopped and greeted her. "Hi Susan. What's up?" Susan shrugged. "I'm on my way to the practice, but I think I had an accident." Alice smiled. "What kind of accident?"

"A wet one." Susan uneasily played with her uniform skirt. 

Cindy winked: "Misjudged the time to get to the field? Just five minutes too short?"

"Sorta. I could manage from class to the park entrance, but then it happened. I am quite wet. I don't dare to move, it will show and I will start again."

"But there's nobody here, it does not matter." She dimmed her voice down to a whisper. "Spread your legs and let it go. You wear your skirt, it's okay. Do it nicely in your pants and enjoy!"

"I don't dare. What if somebody happens to pass by?" Suddenly they heard a bicycle approaching, and shut up. The bike sound turned left onto the road leading to the locker room building. Susan almost panicked, but then saw that it was Jane, who pulled firmly on the brakes and came to a screeching halt next to the three girls. "Hi there. Anything going on?"

"Susan has had an accident and does not dare to finish it off here. Too close to the open road, she says." Jane raised her eyebrows. "Yes, and? Nobody will see anything. Finish it, you're wet anyway and we can't see it now, so we won't if you get wetter." She stepped off her bike and ran a finger through the leg opening of her black, tight biker's pants. "I've had an accident myself on the way here, and nobody saw it either. These pants are great. You can just go in them full blast and they will take care of it all. If you ride fast enough, you'll leave only a small trail of drops, and it feels great. Now Susan, come on, finish it. We'll be on the look out for you." 

Susan felt her heart beat in her throat when she realized that everything had worked out even better than she had hoped for. Here she was, wearing a completely spotless and dry outfit, while the others thought it had already been peed in. Just as her girlfriend. Being considerate about her situation, they encouraged her to finish it off in order to get away quickly without further embarrassment. They would understand her if she would not squat down to give herself away to strangers passing by. She checked her skirt, just as she had seen her girlfriend do it.

"You're right. I'm wet anyway. It does not matter any more. Nobody coming?" Jane looked over her shoulder. "No. Do the rest and we'll be off right away." Susan nodded and reluctantly opened her legs, quite wide, far too wide to be inconspicuous. Like her girlfriend. After all, everybody knew that she was going to wet herself and keeping her legs dry was the least thing she could try. She looked down her skirt and stopped fighting her urge. Well, stopped... actually she pushed like hell. When she felt it coming, she made a face and said: "It feels weird, just weeing in my skirt." Just as her girlfriend. 

With the three other girls waiting for her accident to get over, Susan took a deep breath and allowed it to happen. It came swiftly and powerfully. First she felt only that she was peeing against some fabric, but within seconds she was completely wet between her legs, and continued with a full, unrestricted pee right in her uniform. It hissed and gurgled and it came everywhere. Yes, this was what happened to her girlfriend every time "it did not matter any more." Hell, did it matter. It was the absolute top event of the day! She could not possibly imagine that her girlfriend only wet herself like this out of necessity, to recover gracefully from an accident.

No way. She had been going in her dress on purpose, period. Susan though about what her college friends and family would think of her if they knew that she had been going in her cheerleader uniform on purpose. Not once, but all the time! And not just a bit, but the whole load, having fun out on the fields! Imagine, the family's proud cheerleader figure head, wearing the most challenging uniform, adored by all boys in the neighborhood, standing with her legs spread out like a child and doing it in her pants for all to see. She shuddered from delight. 

Susan saw Cindy watching her parted legs and noticed her reaction. A slight flush appeared on Cindy's face as she got a first-hand notification of what happened to Susan's uniform panties. Just as with her girlfriend; all other girls then also felt strangely excited and had their skin tickle. Susan did only one long gush, in order not to appear all too eager to unnecessarily prolongue the experience, and followed her friend's example by staying put after it was over, to drip out. Cindy looked at Alice. "What do you think?" Alice shrugged. "I wait. Do whatever you like." 

Cindy wasted no time at all. She dashed back to the road, past Jane and her bike, and quickly walked to the small lawn next to the crossing of two minor campus lanes. It was quiet but some traffic still passed by once in a while. Exactly what she wanted. Her denim micro skirt would not allow her to part her legs as far as Susan had done, but it would be far enough. She gestured the others to come closer. "Come on girls. There's a ditch just behind me. Get down and low and have a peek. It's gonna be worth it." 

Cindy knew that her orange panties were still in a state of virginity, except for a few shy peeks of a couple of first year students she had been entertaining during the lunch break. Sitting with her knees accidentally open on a picnic bench with boys around always led to a strange accumulation of people directly in front of her. She liked to do that sort of thing. She would have liked it even better if she could have wet herself right then, but that was out of the question. So now she imagined that five boys in the ditch behind her eagerly looked up her skirt while she got ready. "Come on girls. I can't wait all day." She parted her legs in anticipation of what was getting closer and twined her fingers behind her ass, pushing her chest forward to stretch her T-shirt in important places. 

Alice saw her friend in her wetting pose and felt something snap inside her. She very much wanted to see her girlfriend wet up that wonderfully sexy micro skirt of hers, up to the point of hiding in a ditch to get a peek up her thighs. But hiding in a ditch meant something else. Forget the uniform, she thought. This skirt is also nice. Alice quickly jumped into the dry ditch, walked to a spot just behind Cindy and squatted down, guiding her white skirt neatly out of the way. Looking back up to Susan, who had followed her but was still on the rim of the ditch, she could she her wet, red panties quite clearly. "Come on Susan. You look great from below, but have a look at Cindy. She's real cute when she wets."

Susan could not believe this was actually happening, but as in a dream jumped down into the ditch as well. Cindy's skirt was so short that her orange panties were in full view. Visions of her primary school girlfriend zapped through Susan's brain as she looked up the real skirt of a real girl wearing real panties who indeed had not had any accident at all. Cindy wet her lips and looked back down to the girls in the ditch: "Do you have a good view?" Jane appeared, pushing her bike. "Moment, Cindy. I'll join you. Seems less obvious." She put her bike in between herself and Cindy, blocking most of the sight of Cindy's bare, spread legs from the passers-by. Cindy smiled at Jane. "Okay you all, party time. Here comes the fun." 

Cindy looked down the roads. Once in a while, a car passed by, but no joggers or bikers. That made it easier. Doing it in her panties had become second nature for her, but it still was exciting to feel her pee slowly entering her peeker's panties. Especially with this skirt and next to the open road. From below, Alice and Susan breathlessly followed the progress. Slowly, steadily. They could see it all. How the stain formed in the front, then expanded backwards and sideways, taking possession of her whole panty bottom.

Soon, Cindy wore extremely wet panties under her pretty skirt, definitely not suitable for peeking any more. Susan then suddenly felt Alice's hand on her arm, and looked to the left. Alice had her knees widely apart and offered a direct view up her skirt. A pair of sea green panties attracted all attention. Without any warning, a tiny stream shot right through them, leaving only a small dark spot between Alice's legs. But in a few seconds, Alice was peeing in her underwear just as satisfyingly as Cindy, growing the stain to disastrous proportions. This could hardly be called an accident. 

From above, Jane had been exchanging gazes with Cindy as she got wet, and when it was clear that Cindy was well underway, she looked down into the ditch. Only then did she discover Alice's wet activity, clearly visible without even looking. Quickly Jane turned around, but nobody was near, and then only cars. She looked back at Alice, with Susan squatted next to her, also showing unrespectable things. Cindy now started to audibly drip and moaned a bit from pleasure. That was enough. Jane felt her belly melt and dropped her complete bladder content in her black tight biker's pants.

Surprised, Cindy looked where the sharp hissing sound came from, and was delighted when she saw it was Jane's crotch. "Jane's wetting, too," she notified the others. With three girls wetting themselves so close at hand, Susan gave up and with no further check opened the faucet between her legs again. Alice spotted the new stream immediately. "Hey girls, we're a foursome now!" emerged from the ditch. "Not too bad, having an accident," Susan added. 

Jane noticed movement from the right, and saw two mainly white figures approaching by foot. "Hush, somebody's coming. Cover up." Alice and Susan simply closed their knees, but then lacked any explanation why they were down in a ditch. It was too late to get out, anyway. But soon Jane saw that the two figures actually were Ann and Janice, both already in uniform. The two girls down in the ditch sighed from relief and cut the streams, to save more for later. Cindy had already stopped. Alice helped Susan climb out of the ditch, sneakily looking up her skirt again, and then got out herself. Janice and Ann saw them coming out, but had no idea what happened. "Hi. Somebody fell into the ditch?"

"Yeah, Jane drove her bike over the edge. We pushed her out." Susan ducked to avoid the plastic drink bottle that Jane threw at her. Ann looked at Cindy's parted legs and drew her conclusion. "They've been wetting, Janice. Look," she pointed to Susan who stooped over to pick up Jane's bottle, "she's obviously wet, Cindy's pose is a giveaway, and I bet Alice is wet, too."

"Even I am wet," Jane proudly announced, and turned so that her pants glistened in the sunlight. Janice was immediately interested. "Does that work? Wow! I'm going to get such pants myself right away!" 

"Where do you come from?" Cindy asked, correcting her pose to a more modest one. They all now started to move towards the practice field. "We have shared class in uniform since the lunch break, and passed by the ice cream stand on our way here," Ann replied. "It's a nice place to hang out, with enough boys to make it interesting. We attracted a lot of attention. It was quite hard to find a way to pee ourselves without being noticed."

"You wet yourself there? In full view?" Susan's mouth fell open. "Yes. We sat down on the grass, made sure our skirts covered us from behind and aside, and went for it. Everybody looked, nobody noticed. It's really a privilege to wear this uniform. It's so versatile." 

When they approached the locker room building, the other four girls were already outside, doing stretching exercises in the sun. They all wore their uniform, except Maureen who sported a sexy combination of a very short black skirt and a tight top. "Looks like Maureen got seriously wet on the way here," Ann giggled. "She had to save her uniform to get home safely." 

Diana scratched her head. All girls were wet, including Melissa who was responsible for the large dark stain on the bench, and it was not even five o'clock yet. Wasn't this getting out of hand? "Don't bother too much, Diana," Ann said. "It's Friday, it's sunny, and we're having fun. Getting wet is innocent enough. It's not addictive or such, and nobody knows. Just enjoy." Diana shrugged and started with the practice. While she explained the first exercise, she felt her belly spasm and wet herself. It stayed inside her panties, but still. Not addictive? 

Be serious. 

