Title: Dying for a Piss

By: Paul Tester

When Nazita Ivanovitch was sent to investigate the sudden death of Chuck Williard, an American engineer working in one of the Siberian oil fields, she did not expect much co-operation from the local police. As one of the highest ranking women in the State Security forces, she was used to male antagonism, but she was doubly unwelcome on this case. In Moscow, her superiors suspected that Williard had fallen foul of the local Mafia, and that their control of the local police was why no-one had been arrested for the crime. Nazita suspected she had been sent because no-one higher wanted to go to Siberia in November and because her dark hair and flat features suggested Eskimo origins, but she knew that solving this crime would raise her status enormously.

After four dayis investigation in Synyanyrd, the largest town in the area, she had made no progress at all. Colonel Glaznikov, head of the local police, was making a great show of co-operating with her, while actually obstructing every move she made. Finally, she decided that she would have to travel north to the Gyzhik oil-field where the murder had taken place. This was a three hour road journey, and after making every object ion possible, Glaznikov had supplied her with a 4-wheel drive vehicle with driver and two guards, and then announced that he would accompany her. Nazita guessed that this was to try and prevent her discovering anything new at Gyzhik, but could not find any reason to stop him.

They set out at first light, as they had to be back before dark. To Nazitais surprise, Glaznikov produced real coffee before they left, not the foul Russian substitute, and in a show of friendliness, pressed her to have a second and third cup. After an houris drive, they stopped to allow the drive and one guard to piss at the side of the road, and Glaznikov used this stop to hand round mugs of hot, black tea laced with vodka, to warm them up. As the truck heater seemed useless or broken, Nazita welcomed anything to counter the bitter cold.

The road was no more than an unmade track, and, as the truck suspension was almost solid, the occupants were constantly jarred as they hit the frozen ruts and pot-holes. Nazita was becoming conscious of an uncomfortable fullness in her bladder, accentuated by the jolts of the truck. She resigned herself to having to suffer this until they arrived at Gyzhik, as her clothes made it almost impossible for her to squat in the forest and piss, even if Glaznikov and his men had not been with her. Dressed against the cold, she had layers of clothing under her grey uniform trousers.

First there was a pair of large Russian made cotton panties, then her prized possession, a Western made panty-girdle, which gave some shape to her ample, sagging, Russian bottom, then a pair of thick woollen long under- pants, over which her trousers were stretched tightly. At 48, Nazita was well-built even by Russian standards, but at least her rank gave her access to Western econtrol underwear,i which gave her a better figure than most of her compatriots of that age.

Another hour on the road, and Glaznikov called for another stop for more hot tea and vodka, and another chance for the men to piss. Nazita longed to be able to do the same, not relishing the thought of another hour of increasing discomfort with an ever filling bladder. Was this an attempt by Glaznikov to denigrate her, she wondered? Well, if he thought that she was not able to hold out for three hours, even with all this liquid he was giving her, he was mistaken. Years of police duty in places with no adequate toilet facilities had developed her control, and taught her to endure the agonies of a bursting bladder. However, the prospect of relief at Gyzhik became increasingly welcome, and she pressed her ample thighs together and willed the driver to hurry, but also to avoid as many potholes as possible.

At last the terminal came into sight, and it was far smaller that Nazita had imagined. Just one accommodation building and a tangle of pipe-lines and well-heads. At least, thought Nazita, there would be the toilet she so badly needed, and some hot food. Then she could interview the men who had been there when Williard was killed, and perhaps make some progress with this investigation. Not wanting to ask for the toilet as soon as she arrived, Nazita demanded a tour of the establishment, which would locate the toilet without having to ask Glaznikov. The buildings were even more primitive than she had expected, just a single dormitory and a communal living area and kitchen, with a sink for the men to wash.

The single toilet had a filthy urinal with no door, and a single WC with cracked pan, which was almost buried under a mass of rusty drilling tools. Sergiev, the terminal manager, explained that as they would soon be closing for the winter, they had not bothered to repair the WC, but were using it to store their most valuable equipment. In the mean-time, the six remaining men had to make do the best they could. He added, looking pointedly at Nazitais ample figure, that since they had so little food, they did not need to shit very often. Nazita almost ground her teeth in frustration, as she thought that both the junk in the WC and the door missing from the urinal looked recent work, and she was even more certain that this was a plot by Glaznikov to hamper her investigation. Well, she resolved, it would take more than that to keep her from the truth. She was proud of her iron bladder control, and she would just have to hold her piss until the interrogations were over.

She turned to Sergiev. "I want to question each of the men individually in private. I will start right away, using the dormitory as an interrogation room. Give me a list of everyone at the terminal."

As Sergiev handed her the list, Glaznikov ordered his driver to take three chairs into the dormitory and clear the bunks to one side. Too late, Nazita saw that Glaznikov intended to be present during the questioning, and there was little she could do to prevent it. The first two men she questioned said they had not even been at the terminal when Williard had been killed, but she had to note their details, and their claimed location, as this would be checked in Moscow. All this took time, and several interruptions from Glaznikov did not help. 

Nazita was constantly aware of the rising pressure in her bladder, and despite keeping her legs tightly crossed, it was becoming difficult to concentrate. Before she could questions any more workers, they had to stop for lunch. his was a large bowl of watery cabbage soup, followed by a mush of potatoes with a few lumps of meat, all washed down with copious black tea laced with vodka. Nazita wanted neither the liquid of the tea and soup, nor the vodka, but could not avoid either. At least she was a hardened drinker, and could keep a clear head despite the vodka. Her bladder was a different matter; she was literally bursting, and the effort needed to contain the pressure was making it difficult to concentrate as she resumed her questioning.

She saw three more men, none of whom had had any contact with Williard, but their movements still had to be recorded in detail. One man seemed to be an imbecile, and kept changing his story, then forgetting what he had told her. Her patience was wearing thin, as she desperately wanted to piss, but knew she had no hope of doing so until the interrogation was over. By then she was afraid that her need would be almost uncontrollable, and she would have to find some way of going before the left the terminal. Could she find some way of getting everyone out of the accommodation building, so she could squat in the menis urinal, or was their some way she could get away from everyone outside, disregard the intense cold and squat behind a tree or something. The thought of the relief to come increased the urgency of her need, and she squirmed in her chair and curled up her toes in her boots, as she fought to control the urge.

At last she had all the details of the imbecileis movements clear, and dismissed him. Glaznikov was telling her she would have to hurry, as they had to leave soon to get back to Synyanyrd before dark. As he went to call the last suspect, he ordered yet more tea, and Nazita was now sure that this was a deliberate ploy to fill her bladder and detract her from the investigation. Despite the pain in her abdomen, where her bursting bladder was pressing against her tight control girdle, she was even more determined to see this through. She just had to wait a bit longer, then she would find some way of pissing before they left. She had to, because she could not bear the though of even five minutes jolting in that truck with her bladder close to exploding.

The last worker was the most relevant to her investigation, and she should have seen him first. She knew that she had to question him in detail, yet every second of the interrogation was becoming agony for her, and more and more, she could think only of the piss she had to have soon. Twice she was interrupted by Glaznikov, wanting to leave, claiming they could not travel after dark as the truck had one light, for emergencies only, as they could no longer get bulbs for it.

Nazita was almost gritting her teeth with desperation, and was clenching her legs together with all her might, fighting to hold back her piss and still be able to concentrate on the story she was being told. She sensed something was wrong with it, but the agony of her bladder was clouding her judgement, and she could not put her finger on it. Trying to be casual, she leaned forward with both hands in her lap, and as she demanded that the story be repeated, so she pressed her fingers between her legs, desperate to do anything that would reduce her terrible need to piss. She reached a decision; she could not continue with the interrogation any longer, her bladder and Glaznikovis demands to leave were too much to resist.

"I want this man, and the imbecile I saw before him, arrested and taken to Synyanyrd for further questioning. They are not co- operating here, and we have ways of changing that in Synyanyrd or Moscow. We will leave as soon as you are ready," she demanded of Glaznikov. Before she could continue and order all the men out of the house, so she could piss in the open urinal, Sergiev and all the other men came in, claiming that a blizzard was starting, and that it was impossible to work outside any longer. Nazita almost cried with despair. Here was her last chance of a piss being taken away.

She was not going to have the privacy to go inside, and the blizzard was stopping her going outside. Somehow she was going to have to endure the journey back to Synyanyrd, or at least part of it. If the blizzard died down, she would make the truck stop and go in the forest. Her agony was such that she no longer cared if Glaznikov knew that she was incapable of holding her piss any longer. She stood up, clenching her muscles as she no longer had crossed legs to help her wait, and walked to the truck, taking short steps, her legs stiff from the tension she needed to hold on. Her bladder felt like a great rock, throbbing where her girdle was crushing her bulging stomach flat. Never in her life had she wanted to piss so badly, yet somehow she had to wait even longer.

The truck was only just big enough to hold the 2 extra prisoners, so her seat had to be moved forward, hardly leaving her enough room to cross her legs. Glaznikov was sitting with his legs splayed, and suggested she do the same, but this was quite impossible for Nazita. The pressure in her bladder was now almost unbearable, and any position except tightly crossed legs would have been impossible. Even in this position, Nazita was clenching her fists and curling her toes as she struggled to hold back her piss. She tried not to think about the journey ahead, 3 hours of jolting over a rough track, every bump putting extra strain on her bladder.

The driver was going faster this time, which meant a shorter journey time, but more severe bumping over the track. Thirty minutes after leaving and Nazita was suffering more that she had thought possible. Every jolt of the truck was hurting her bladder more, and it was taking all her strength to hold back her piss. She had intended remaining composed and not give Glaznikov any indication of her plight, but already she was so desperate that her only thought was to keep control of her bladder somehow. Every time they hit a really large bump, she would gasp with the pain in her abdomen, which felt as if it was going to explode. 

The sheer effort of holding back her piss was becoming more that she could cope with, and soon she had no alternative but to press one hand between her legs to aid her tiring sphincter muscles. With so many layers of clothing, it was almost impossible to get enough pressure against her crutch, and it was not long before she was pressing with both hands. She could claim that she was keeping her hands warm, as the truck had no heater and her gloves alone could not protect her from the bitter cold. The only thing that concerned Nazita now was holding back her piss until somehow there was a chance for her to relieve herself.

By sheer will-power, Nazita managed to control herself for another half hour, but by then her fingers were aching with the effort of pressing between her legs. Her bladder felt as if it was going to explode, and she could not avoid involuntary groans as she struggled for control. She was almost at the end of her tether, and in one last attempt to piss without actually asking Glaznikov to stop for her, she suggested a stop for tea and vodka, as they had made on the way down. While they were pouring the tea, she would stagger into the forest and piss behind a tree. 

Oh what a relief it would be, she could already imagine pulling down her excruciatingly tight girdle, then crouching, relaxing her bladder, and letting a great flood of piss pour out of her. This reverie was a fatal mistake, as she was no longer concentration fully on clenching her bladder shut, and, anticipating the relief to come, a trickle of pee was escaping. Pressing frantically between her legs to prevent this trickle becoming a flood, she hardly heard Glaznikov telling her that they had neither tea nor vodka left, and that they dare not stop for even a minute for fear of not making it back to Synyanyrd before dark.

For the first time, Nazita had to face the full horror of her situation. There would be no chance for her to piss for nearly two hours, yet it was already taking every ounce of her strength to hold on, and she had almost lost control a minute ago. She tried to cross her legs even tighter, and to press harder against her pee hole. Like the Dutch boy with his finger in the hole in the dyke, she hoped that even if some pee had escaped from her bladder, she could stop it leaking into her clothes. At first she thought she had succeeded, but as the truck bounced over a series of pot-holes, the jolts made her lose control again, and not just one, but several trickles of pee escaped.

She was already pressing between her legs with all her strength, and this time she could feel the warm piss against her fingers. She almost cried out with despair, as she realised that she was finally starting to wet herself. Even then she was determined to fight it to the bitter end, hoping that after this leak she would be able to wait again. She managed for another ten minutes, then the urge to go became overwhelming, and a longer and stronger trickle, almost a spurt, of piss escaped and soaked into her underwear and trousers, leaving a larger wet patch.

This happened several more times, and her trousers were no longer soaking up the piss, and she could feel the warm liquid running past her fingers. When she had first lost control, she had believed that even if her trousers were wet, she would be able to cover this with her great-coat, but now she knew that there was an expanding wet patch on the back of her coat. After each leak, Nazita hoped that she would be able to regain control of her bladder, but no matter how she fought, she could not prevent more pee trickling out. When the finally reached Synyanyrd, her trousers, and the back of her great- coat were all soaked in her piss, and as she climbed out of the truck, she could feel more soaking down her legs.

Even worse, the piss that had leaked through her clothes onto the seat was steaming in the arctic air, making it obvious to everyone in the truck that she had wet herself during the journey. The back of her coat was also steaming, adding to her humiliation. Trying to recover some authority, she ordered the prisoners to be made ready for questioning in 30 minutes, and marched to her room. Now she had nothing to help her control her bladder, piss was leaking past the crutch of her girdle and soaking down the legs of her long underwear and trousers. Almost completely out of control, and wanting only to give up the fight to hold on, she threw off her great-coat and sat, fully clothed, on the WC, finally relaxing and letting her piss come flooding out into her clothes, not caring whether it ran into the pan or on the floor. Only when the flood stopped did she stand up and remove her clothes, sitting down and finally completely emptying her bladder.

The agony in her bladder was finally relieved, replaced with a dull ache that fuelled her fury at being so humiliated by Glaznikov. The shower had failed again, so she had to clean herself with a cloth and icy water, all of which put her in a worse mood when she began to question her prisoners. Using her authority as a member of the State Security, she questioned them at the army barracks, away from Glaznikovis interference, and the sniggers of his men, who knew she had wet herself in the truck. Now she could concentrate on the interrogation and not controlling her bladder, she soon saw the contradictions in their stories, and within two hours both men had confessed, confirmed each otheris guilt, and, much to Nazita delight, implicated Glaznikov in the crime. 

Accompanied by a squad of soldiers, she went to arrest Glaznikov, finding him in a bar with the local Mafia. They took him as he came out for a piss, hand-cuffing his hands behind his back before he had time to piss. Nazita could not believe her luck. Now she could get her revenge in him for making her suffer all day. Left alone with Glaznikov chained to the wall of the cell, and still protesting his innocence, she had just the thing to get a confession from him. Two thick wires from the apparatus were clamped to Glaznikovis ear-lobes, and the two thin wires clipped to his trousers just below his crutch.

"Allow me to demonstrate," she said. "When there is a connection between the thin wires, current passes between your ears." She laid a wet rag on the clips, causing Glaznikov to scream in agony as the current passed through his head.

"That was 10% power," she gloated, "now I am increasing it to 50%, and I will watch until you are ready to confess your part in Williardis murder. I hope that you donit sweat too much, or piss yourself with fear, because when your trousers get damp, the current will start to fry your brains."

She knew that eventually Glaznikov would confess, as all men did with this apparatus, but before he did so, he was going to need to piss even more than she had in the truck. The question in her mind was whether to release Glaznikov when he confessed, or leave him connected until he could no longer hold his piss, and see him suffer even more. Only the strongest men could survive her machine at 50% power, and for Glaznikov to die after confessing his part in the murder would save her a lot of trouble having to arrest a senior police official. Nazita thought viscously that the desperation that he would suffer would be revenge for the humiliation he had caused her. During her time at Gyzhik the expression "Iim dying for a piss." had been in her mind, but now it would be literally true for Glaznikov, who would die when he finally lost control of his bladder.

I did consider taking the easy way out and re-submitting eLong Day in the Country,i but instead we move east and north, to northern Russia, where we find the combination of bitter cold, primitive conditions, excessive drinking, and official corruption, intrigue, and brutality, that this story required. I also wanted to make a point of writing about desperation in a plain, over-weight, badly dressed, middle-aged woman, rather than a nubile young lady in sexy clothes. My observations have lead me to formulate the rule eIn any group of women, the one who is most likely to be desperate is the one you find least attractive.i While femaledesperation.com is predominately heterosexual, and deals with female desperation, often caused by males, there is no reason why the woman should not get her own back, as Nazita did at the end. Making someone wait until he really is edying to goi is a dreadful way of extracting a confession, but Nazita didnit get to her position in State Security by being squeamish or forgiving.

