Caught by the Tide
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Alex Hazel

Sian walked slowly down the well-worn path to the cove where she had sunbathed all week. The small bed-and-breakfast where she was staying was within walking distance of the beach, and its seclusion made her feel perfectly comfortable wearing only her swimsuit -- today's was a yellow bikini -- during the walk. With flip-flops on her feet, a wide-brimmed straw hat to keep the sun off her neck, and sun-glasses to shade her eyes, she felt no need for other clothing when the weather was so warm. Everything else that she might need -- beach towel, high-factor sun-screen, a thermos of ice-cold water, a picnic for midday, and a t-shirt in case she began to get too burned -- was in the basket that she was carrying.

She had all day in front of her. It was the last full day of her holiday, and she intended to get in every last minute of sunbathing.

Beyond a buttress of rock was a dry, sandy part of the beach, at the foot of a rocky cliff. This was her favourite spot for sunbathing. The beach was slightly higher, for some reason, and the tide did not seem to make the sand damp. There was also a small, dark cave in the cliff, next to the buttress, and this seemed to exude a coolness that was very welcome on a hot, sunny day. Despite its proximity to the cliff, however, this corner of the beach was well-lit by the sun during the day; it was quite a sun-trap, in fact. Topping off all these positive qualities, though, was the sense of privacy. The buttress did a good job of separating this area from the rest of the beach.

As Sian rounded the buttress, she smiled. No one had taken her favourite spot yet, and she knew it was unlikely she would have company just there. It was a quiet beach, and the few people who used it were either as intent as her on quiet sunbathing, or else stayed nearer the sea so that their children could play where they could be seen.

Sian put her basket down on the soft sand, spread her towel out next to it, kicked off her flip-flops and sat down on the towel. She put her hat down beside her and took the bottle of sun-screen out of the basket. She proceeded to cover herself carefully with the sun-screen, not wanting to get fried on her last day. Then, finally in the groove, she lay back on the towel and closed her eyes.

At first she just lay and soaked up the sun. It was lovely and sunny just there yet cooled by the cave, and she felt just right: not too hot, but just sun-kissed enough to feel the benefit. She daydreamed about the sounds she heard: children playing in the sea; the sound of the waves and wind; occasional adult voices shouting to the children to be careful and not go out too far. All of it made a typical seaside background, and it was just what being on holiday meant to Sian.

The morning passed in its typical, lazy way. Sian never slept during her morning sunbathe. So soon after a full night's sleep, she was always too wide awake; the background sounds always kept her alert. It would be a different matter after lunch, of course. Eating often left her feeling drowsy; in any case, afternoons on holiday always felt as though they were meant to be spent sleeping in the sun.

It was thirsty work, lying in the hot sun. Every so often, Sian took a small drink of cool water from her flask. It had been a stroke of inspiration to use a thermos, to keep her water from becoming warm as the day progressed. Of course, the water gradually had an effect other than merely slaking her thirst. The effect was very gradual, though; nothing her bladder couldn't handle until it suited her to do something about it.

Just after midday -- about 12:30, according to her watch -- she began to feel peckish. That meant it was time to take her only swim of the day, before she ate. Today's swim would be extra special, of course -- it would be her last time in the sea for another year. Today, as on every day of any beach holiday, she had another reason for being eager for the sea's wet, concealing embrace. After all the water, Sian was absolutely bursting for the toilet, and peeing in the sea was her favourite way of relieving herself.

She got up, doffed her sunglasses, and walked the short distance to the sea. As she began wading into the water, she looked around surreptitiously, to see if anyone was near enough to see her clearly. No one was; the rocky buttress blocked her from the view of people on the nearest part of the main beach, and no one else was on the patch of beach on this side of the buttress. Had there been anyone else, she would have waited till the water was at least lapping her crotch before releasing her pee. Instead, with the assurance of privacy, she allowed her bladder to open immediately, and felt the slightly erotic sensation of her urine soaking through her pants and running down her legs. She peed hard and long, while she slowly waded deeper into the water.

She remained in the water for about half an hour, floating around for a few minutes and then splashing and swimming for a while. Then she waded ashore and returned to her sunbathing spot. While she dried off naturally in the sun, she sat and ate her usual lunch of a sandwich, yoghurt and an apple, and had another drink. Then she carefully re-applied the sun lotion to her body and lay back on her beach towel for the afternoon session. With the drowsiness that came of eating, she soon dropped off to sleep.

The sensation of cold water swirling around her ankles woke her.

She sat up and looked down to see what had caused it. The tide was in! The sea was nearly up to where she was lying, and an extra-high wave had just lapped at her feet.

Sian scrambled to her feet, and picked up her towel and basket. The sea had only caught the far end of her towel, where her ankles were, so it wasn't too wet; even so, it would have to be rinsed when she got back to the bed-and-breakfast. She moved a little higher up the beach, and put her things down where the sea would not reach for a while longer. Then she looked around at the rest of the cove.

The tide had brought the sea quite some way into the cove, so that most of the rest of the beach was under water. It was fortunate that the sand where Sian always sunbathed was slightly higher above the water than the rest of the beach. The sea was lapping the rocky buttress, and already looked quite deep at the point where she would have to walk to get back round to the main part of the beach. In the other direction, she knew, there was no way out of the cove. She was cut off from the path which she needed to take.

She watched the sea swirling around the rocky outcrop, and decided she would not be able to wade or swim through it. She might get dashed onto the rocks and drowned. No, the only way she might get out would be to try to climb the buttress.

First things first, though. The sound of the sea, and the cool breeze blowing off it, were conspiring with a morning of ice-cold drinks and - she checked her watch - a five hour sleep. It was a wonder the urgency of her need to pee hadn't woken her earlier.

Peeing in her bikini pants was not an option this time, if she wanted to avoid embarrassment when she got back to the Bed-and-breakfast. Going in the sea would be unwise, as wet hands and feet might slip too easily while climbing the rocks. Squatting here in the open also wasn't an option, just in case there was someone watching that she hadn't noticed. She turned and began to walk towards the cave, which offered the only form of concealment open to her.

Suddenly, a man's voice shouted, "Another one caught by the tide, I see!"

Sian jumped violently. She had been so intent on her predicament that it had not occurred to her that anyone else might be stranded next to the cave. Her hand jumped to her mouth, and she drew in her breath in a squeaky gasp of surprise. An intense feeling of "butterflies" made her lower abdomen tingle, causing her bladder to relax for a second, and she felt a brief moment of panic at the sudden dampness between her legs. Then she realised it was only a momentary lapse, and her panic subsided.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," the newcomer said in a much quieter voice. "I didn't mean to startle you like that."

Sian's hand trembled as she took it away from her mouth. She watched the man advance a few steps towards her from the right-hand edge of the cave opening, where he seemed to have been leaning on the rock. Had that brief squirt of pee left a visible damp patch up the front or back of her bikini pants? Sian didn't dare look, for fear of drawing the other's attention to anything that was visible.

She shook herself, and managed to pull herself together enough to avoid further embarrassment.

"I...I hadn't realised there was anyone else here," she stammered.

"I wasn't expecting to be here," he returned with a rather sheepish smile. He held out his hand as he advanced further towards her. "Steven Chapman." Sian sidled discreetly forward to meet him, and took the hand offered. "Sian McGover."

"I was taking a stroll around the cove," he continued, "and I decided to explore the cave quickly, before the tide came in. Looks like I underestimated the speed with which it was coming in."

Sian decided that an explanation was probably needed on her behalf, too. "I've been spending the last day of my holiday here sunbathing. I always fall asleep in the afternoons, but I seem to have slept longer than usual today. I just woke up to find the tide had come in and cut off my way home. I was about to... have a look for a way out."

She had almost told him! That would be too embarrassing, dressed like this, and him a complete stranger. She would have to be as discreet as possible about it.

He nodded, and there was an awkward silence while each of them weighed the other up. They would have been surprised at how similarly their assessments ran. Sian guessed Steven to be in his mid-thirties. He was about five feet ten, slim without being skinny, and had dark hair with no signs of thinning. Sian thought he looked quite dishy, and found herself attracted. Then she remembered the circumstances, and turned away in embarrassment.

Steven appraised Sian with even greater appreciation. She was a very attractive brunette, and looked to be in her mid-twenties. She was about five five, had a slim and curvaceous figure, and was wearing a rather sexy yellow bikini. He was attracted to her, but the sudden way in which she averted her eyes made him realise the situation they were in. He hoped he had not frightened her by this rather open appraisal of her. After all, she was alone, and was obviously disturbed by his appearance.

"Do you live in this part of the world?"

It was the only thing Sian could think of to break the silence, but she realised, as soon as she said it, how out of place it sounded. But what did one say when stranded by the tide with a stranger?

Steven did not betray any similar thoughts he may have had about her question. "Yes. I moved here a couple of months ago."

A more appropriate question came to Sian. "Do you know if this cave floods at high tide?"

"No, it doesn't, luckily for us. I've been told that, at spring tide, the water gets about halfway up the sand inside the cave. I don't think it's spring tide yet, but even if it is we shall be quite safe at this time of year. Autumn might have been a different matter, with the on-shore gales that I believe they get around here."

Well, at least that's one good thing, Sian thought to herself. Still, what am I to do? Suddenly, an idea came to her.

"I think I'll take a look around the cave. You never know, there might be a way out through it. A secret passage, or something like that."

She turned and walked towards the cave entrance, pleased at her ingenious excuse. A few moments in the cave on her own, and all would be well with her world. Her anticipation of relief was short-lived, however.

"You won't be able to see very far in there," Steven pointed out, in a voice which suggested this should be obvious to her. "Besides, I've just been exploring it, and I didn't see any other way out. Quite a boring cave, actually."

Sian turned to look at him with what she hoped was a meaningful look. "I think I'll look anyway."

It was no good. He either did not understand her look, or else thought her look meant something different to what she intended. "You won't see anything in there. But I'll come with you, if you want to check for yourself. You might twist an ankle, if you go in on your own."

Bother! thought Sian. Why don't you get the idea without me having to embarrass both of us by saying it?

"I'll be alright, on my own," she said, emphasising the last three words.

"It's a rocky, uneven floor, in there. I wouldn't forgive myself if you twisted your ankle." Sian sighed. "Oh, well, it was only a suggestion. I don't suppose we would find anything."

She walked slowly back to stand near her beach things, trying to think of another ploy.

"I reckon our only chance of getting out before the sun sets would be to climb those rocks." Steven pointed at the buttress.

Sian had a brief moment of panic, as she imagined trying to climb rocks in the present circumstances. She guessed he was the kind of man who would insist that she went first, so he could catch her if she fell.

"Oh, I don't think I could manage that," she said quickly. Then, with a sudden flash of inspiration, she added, "But I don't mind if you have a go on your own. You could send someone to get me out." "I can't leave you here by yourself," he said, shaking his head. "I would never forgive myself if you met with an accident while I was gone."

I shan't forgive you if I have one while you're here, thought Sian miserably.

They stood in silence for another even more embarrassing few minutes. Sian consulted her watch and found to her consternation it was seven thirty. She would miss her evening meal at the Bed-and-breakfast! She wished she felt able to climb the rocks.

She began walking around slowly, to take her mind off things. She would have preferred to sit down, but her bikini pants were feeling a little tight on her abdomen right now, and bending to sit would be dicey. Instead, she had to move around to reduce her tension. Steven had been pacing back and forth himself for a few minutes. Now he suddenly said, "Excuse me for a moment," and disappeared into the cave.

Sian was puzzled, but when she heard a splashing sound she realised where he had gone, and turned away in a mixture of embarrassment and frustration.

Suddenly, it occurred to her that this was her chance. She could go over by the rocks...

She started towards where she thought she wouldn't be seen from in the cave, but the delay in seizing her chance had lost her the time she needed. He reappeared, looking a little sheepish.

"Sorry about that. Call of nature." She stifled her disappointment, and returned him a sickly smile, wishing she dared be that bold about it. But it always seemed easier for men.

Steven sat down in the cave entrance. He watched for a while, as she resumed her agitated pacing.

"Something wrong?" he asked at last. For a moment, she was tempted to tell him her problem. Then feminine modesty overcame common sense. She said, "Oh, no. I was just wondering how long we will be here."

"I should think until the early hours of the morning." He was looking at the sea, and did not notice the look of horror which crossed Sian's face. "You should think yourself lucky. I'm supposed to be meeting my girlfriend about now. She'll never believe my story, when I tell her why I didn't make it."

For a moment, Sian forgot her problem. What a shame, for him to miss a date because of something as silly as the tide.

"Oh, dear!" she exclaimed. "Would it help if I spoke to her and confirmed your story?"

Steven looked at her in surprise, then burst out laughing.

Sian looked at him with a puzzled frown. "What's funny?"

"Well, think about it. Your boyfriend comes to see you after missing a date, saying that he got trapped by the tide, and the only person who can confirm the story is a very attractive young brunette, who says she was trapped there with him." His expression was one of irony, now.

Sian felt abashed. "I never thought of that. It would look fishy, wouldn't it? Especially with me on holiday, and all that that's supposed to mean for a single girl."

"I didn't mean to ridicule you." His tone was apologetic now. "I know you meant it in the nicest possible way, and I'm grateful for the offer. But who could blame her for thinking I was two-timing her, with that kind of alibi? To tell the truth, I wouldn't mind if her suspicions would be correct. That wasn't very good grammar, was it?"

Sian blinked in surprise, and reddened.

Now it was Steven's turn to look away in embarrassment. "I'm sorry. That sounded fresh, and I didn't mean it like that."

Sian smiled. "You meant it nicely, I know, but let's drop it before we get ourselves totally embarrassed."

The conversation stopped completely after this exchange, and they were each left to their own thoughts. Sian paced on the sand near the slowly encroaching sea, while Steven remained sitting in the cave mouth. They both seemed to have exchanged an unspoken wish to keep a discreet distance between them.

As time marched on, dusk was falling, and the breeze was cooling with the loss of the sun. Sian's discomfort increased relentlessly, as did her agitation. She had never had to wait so long before, and she was a little surprised she was still managing to avoid any further accident.

She walked round in circles to avoid looking at Steven for too long. She was afraid that her face might give her away, and she really did not want him to know her predicament under these circumstances. She consciously tried to avoid any posture which might make the nature of her tension obvious.

She knew, despite trying to keep it out of her mind, that the sea was continuing to rise, little by little. She had to move gradually nearer and nearer to the cave entrance, bringing her ever closer to Steven. However, the rate of rise of the tide was slowing, and it would not be long before it was full. Steven was obviously correct about the cave not flooding.

The breeze caught Sian a little more strongly for a moment, and the sound of the waves breaking seemed louder. For a moment, her discomfort became almost too much to bear, and she gritted her teeth while she struggled to hold on. Then the wind shifted, and the waves seemed less noisy, and the danger passed.

Despite racking her brains, Sian could think of no more ploys to get out of sight of Steven for long enough to pee. Instead, she was simply hanging on with grim determination, hoping for something to turn up before it was too late.

The breeze shifted again; the waves became louder, and the crisis she had been dreading began to approach. Sian found herself struggling for even greater self-control. She agonised as discreetly as possible for thirty interminable seconds, standing side-on to Steven just in case she was unsuccessful. The realisation of how obvious it would be lent her the will to hold on tighter than she would have thought possible. For a few seconds, she thought this the moment of calamity. Then the breeze subsided, the waves quietened, and the danger subsided just enough to be bearable. She had gained a respite, but it would not be long-lived.

Think of something to take your mind off it, Sian, she told herself. How about a poem?

I wandered lonely as a cloud,

That floats on high o'er vales and hills,

When all at once I saw a crowd,

A host, of golden--

Ooh, no! Think of another one!

Among the mountains were we nursed, loved Stream--

No, no, no! Quick, think of another, not by Wordsworth! Ah, I know.

The owl and the pussycat went to sea, in a beautiful pea-- 

Damn!

This was it: she was at her limit. Face it, girl, she thought. You're not going to get away with a discreet solution to this. The least embarrassing option is going to be to tell Steven the problem, and then hope you can hang on long enough to dash into the cave and get your pants down.

The big danger was that, once he knew, she wouldn't even be able to pretend she had sat in something wet if she peed herself. It would be either relief or embarrassment.

The tension was already rising once more. In sudden desperation, she turned towards where he was sitting. But she was on the brink again. She couldn't take a step without peeing herself, which meant dashing for the cave was out of the question. If she told him right at this moment, she would then have to explain why she didn't go immediately into the cave. What should she do?

There was only one answer to that question. She would have to wait it out. If she lasted, then she would tell him.

She fought for self-control, struggling not to let her face show her tension. This time, though, the urge to urinate seemed to be implacable, and she realised she was not going to be able to hold on any longer. The realisation brought with it a sense of resignation, and it must have been that which finally caused her to surrender to the inevitable.

Her bladder opened, and wet warmth spurted into her pants and down her legs. As it did so, the phrase "wet pants" popped into Sian's mind. With a sudden flash of inspiration, she feigned a trip, stumbled backwards, and sat down heavily in the shallow part of the sea, which had begun to lap at her feet again.

"Are you okay?" Steven asked, getting up.

"Yes, I'm alright," Sian replied in a voice which she struggled to keep normal. "I just tripped and fell into the sea. I can get up by myself."

"Are you hurt?" Steven asked.

"No, I've just wet my bikini pants." Sian was amazed at herself for daring to tell the literal truth.

Steven laughed. "That's the least of your worries; they're designed to be soaked in sea water."

It wasn't a particularly funny remark. To Sian, though, finally relieved of her tension, it seemed hilarious. She really did have the last laugh; and he seemed none the wiser.

