Well today was an interesting day. I have been really busy in meetings and such, and have drunk a bit of coffee – but had no time for the loo! I finally got out of one meeting before lunch, and was bursting so bad it hurt – I am amazed I had not peed myself yet.
I raced by my desk to grab my purse and then the problem started – the fire alarm went off. We were advised to immediately evacuate our floor because of a "possible fire" on the level above me. I am on level 18, so it is a long walk! I also could not go and pee because the toilets were the opposite direction from the fire stairs, and they were pushing people out...
I finally got downstairs with a few little runs, and then they "directed" us to the assembly point to ensure we were all there. By now I was basically leaking a little with every step, but really had no choice but to follow! There was nothing I could do except walk or squat where I was (with half of my building walking past me).
We got to the park and were told to assemble, and while in the middle of everyone I had to let a little go – I was really embarrassed, but no one noticed (I don't think). Finally, after ages, we were allowed to go back to our desks – but I knew I would not make it at all. So I went and stood near a bush with my legs a little apart, and let it all go – right through my panties and stockings. Damn it felt good. I had to give my panties a bit of a rub to stop them from dripping (there were still a few people around – I wonder what they thought I was doing with my hand up my skirt?) and then had to go through another 2 hours of meetings with my soaked panties.
It turned out that the fire alarm was false in the end, too! Some idiot tried to have a smoke in the men's room and set of the alarm.
But in the end I must admit that while I was scared as anything whilst everyone was around, I really did enjoy doing a full pee in the park with all my clothes on, and then spending the next 2 hours all wet...
Katie P.