After the Party
	Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, Deliberate Wetting, Bed Wetting, and Sex.
By:  Ann Whetter

Helen and Rachel hadn't walked more than a couple of streets from the party when Helen realised that she needed to pee. 'I knew I should have gone before we left' she said to Rachel. 'I need a wee, and very soon or I'll wet myself.'

'I told you to wear a skirt,' said Rachel 'but you would insist on your jeans.'

'So what difference does it make?' said Helen. 'I still need a wee.'

'So do I' admitted Rachel, 'but when I wet my knickers my skirt hides them and it won't show. Whereas when you wet yours, it will run down your legs, wetting your jeans from your ass to your ankles.'

'What do you mean, when I wet mine?' protested Helen.

'Just what I said' said Rachel. 'When. You won't make it to my flat with dry knickers -I know that I won't. In fact I'm about to wet mine now,' and she stopped walking.

Helen stopped as well and turned to face her friend. 'Are you really going to wet yourself?' she asked. 'Oh, you are,' she continued as she saw a puddle forming between Rachel's legs.

'Yes, I am' said Rachel 'and you might as well wet yourself now, rather than later.'

Helen hesitated before saying 'But everyone will be able to see that I've wet my jeans.'

'There's no-one about at this time of night' said Rachel 'and anyone who is will probably be at least a bit drunk and will only think that you are drunk as well. Besides that, they won't know you, so what does it matter?'

Helen thought about it for a moment before saying 'OK then'. She stood there and waited, but nothing happened. 'I want to wee, but it won't come,' she complained.

'You haven't done this recently, have you?' asked Rachel.

'No' said Helen rather surprised.

'Thought not' said Rachel 'Well you just have to relax and eventually it will start.'

'It sounds as if this isn't your first time,' said Helen as she stood there and tried to relax.

'As a matter of fact, you're right' admitted Rachel 'I often wet my knickers. I've been doing it as long as I can remember and always get a thrill out of it. Now relax some more and just think to yourself that you are on the loo.'

'I'm trying, but it's still not coming.' said Helen.

'Right,' said Rachel and started to tickle Helen.

'Oh' Helen gasped between giggles 'I'm doing it' and as she looked down her jeans started to show a rapidly expanding wet patch, which extended down her legs until a puddle started to form on the pavement between her legs.

'Well done' said Rachel and gave her a hug.

'Careful!' said Helen 'You'll get your skirt wet!'

'Never mind' said Rachel, 'it won't show as much as your jeans do.' At which they both burst out laughing. 'Come on' she continued when they stopped, 'we'd better get on home.'

They had nearly got there when Helen said 'My jeans are getting cold.'

'Well warm them up then' responded Rachel.

'How?' asked Helen.

'Same as before' said Rachel and she stopped walking again and stood with her legs apart and started to wet herself again.

'Oh yes' said Helen as she stopped walking as well. 'Gosh. That was easier' she said 'This time I was able to start much quicker than the first time'

'Yes' said Rachel, as they continued to her flat, 'The more you do it the easier it gets.'

Once in Rachel's flat Helen took her jeans off and put them in the washing machine whilst Rachel got a couple of beers out. The wash hadn't finished by the time the beer was gone so they had another before putting the jeans in the drier and getting into bed.

It was some time later that Helen woke up desperate for a pee. She then noticed that the bed seemed wet and was getting wetter. 'Are you wetting the bed?' She asked Rachel 'I'm a bit desperate.'

'Yes' replied Rachel, ' I didn't want to wake you up by getting out and anyway I couldn't be bothered. It doesn't matter,' she continued hastily. 'When I took this flat the landlord showed me round and pointed out the cheap foam mattress on the bed and the lino on top of the carpet under it and told me that it was because previous tenants had ruined good mattresses and carpets by wetting the bed. He went on to explain that if I put an old washing up bowl in the right place under the bed it would catch most of the wee and save mopping up and that if I washed the wee through with water after wetting the bed, the mattress would stay fresher.'

'So you've wet the bed before?' asked Helen.

'Of course' replied Rachel 'I think that it was only the second night here that I woke up needing to pee. I really didn't want to get out to go to the loo and held on for a bit before I was awake enough to remember that it didn't matter if I just lie there and wet the bed. So I did and was asleep again almost at once. In the morning I got a jug of water and rinsed the mattress and emptied the bowl, which I had only put there 'just in case' and not really meaning to use it. By the time I got home from work that evening the bed was dry enough to sleep in so I didn't bother changing the sheets, I just got in and went to sleep. I think that I wet the bed again that night, but I don't wet it every night now, just at weekends and occasionally during the week.'

'Now I'm really desperate' said Helen.

'Well just do it' said Rachel 'you've noticed that I've wet the bed already, and it won't get any wetter as the wee runs straight through.'

'Right' said Helen and she tried to relax her muscles, but she couldn't actually start peeing. 'It won't come!' she protested.

'I'll help you' said Rachel and she put her hand on Helen's still damp knickers and started to rub.

'Ooh' said Helen, 'that's nice' and she snuggled up to Rachel. Rachel continued to rub Helen's clitoris gradually speeding up until Helen suddenly said 'I'm going to come,' and she did. But not only did she come but she started to pee as well.

'That was fantastic,' said Helen when she got her breath back. 'Can I do the same for you?'

'Not now' said Rachel 'wait until I need to pee again. Let's go to sleep now and I'll wake you when I wake up. It'll only be an hour or so'
