Hello all. I've decided to try my hand at writing a little. This time it's based off of a joke my teacher told me when I was in grade 6. Even back then (and before) I knew I was into peeing and desperation, and accidents. I still remember the excitement of the image as my teacher told the joke, and I think my eyes must have bugged right out of my head while all my classmates were laughing at the punch line. Too bad none of them wet themselves laughing. *tee hee* As I mentioned my story will be based off the joke. I will be adding a lot more details then one normally would telling this joke. Hell if my teacher added those details when he told it, I'd probably would have had my first orgasm right there in grade 6 math. =) Christina was getting desperate. She was only 5 minutes into her math class, but already her large pop from lunch was making itself known. "Why do I have to go so bad so soon?" She thought. Lunch was only just over and she couldn't believe her drink went through her that quickly. Then with a start she remembered that she had been so busy flirting and having fun with her crush she hadn't even gone during lunch. "Oh no!!", she said under her breath sitting up straight, "How am I going to make it? No wonder I'm bursting, I haven't drained all that coffee I had this morning." Cursing to herself, she crossed one leg tightly over the other, and tried to get into her studies. It was no use however, for her bladder was filling up with every second and was sending signals to her brain that it needed to be emptied soon. Ignoring her own math problems, she began to do some calculating of her own. Just how long could she hold it? She felt so full she didn't think it could be until the end of class. There was simply too much time left, compared to how badly she needed to wee. Had she ever been this desperate before? Yes, when she had been out drinking and couldn't get to the bathroom fast enough. Luckily she had been wearing a skirt at the time and in a dark corner and throughly peed her panties, but had escaped detection of any accident. Except now she had on her favorite pair of blue jeans. She had them for well over a year now and they had faded and been wore in and were so comfortable to wear. They fit perfectly in all the right places and she knew by the looks she got from the guys and she was hot in them. 
Only now they would leave no room for error. If she had an accident everyone would know and there would be no hiding it. Judging from how her full bladder was pushing against her tight waist band, she figured there would be enough piss to completely soak every inch of denim. "I have got to ask to use the bathroom", she thought, "Otherwise there is no way I can hold it." The problem with this is that Mr. Boyle, the math teacher, was very strict and almost never let anyone leave the class once it started. Especially just after lunch to goto the bathroom. Christina moaned softly to herself at this thought and crossed her legs the other way, hoping to get a better grip on the situation. The class ran over an hour long and was split up into two halves. The first was going over the lesson plan and learning new skills. The second was when the class used those new skills and practiced them with problems from the text books. Christina thought she'd have the best chance at winning Mr. Boyle over if she didn't interrupt his lecture and waiting until the class was quietly at work before asking to go pee. It all depended on how difficult the new skills were as to when the actually lesson was over. Christina prayed it wouldn't be too much longer. Only 10 more minutes had passed since she first realized she badly needed a wee, and it was all she could do not to pee her knickers right there in her seat. She was thankful that she was sitting at the back, so no one could see her when she needed to give herself a grab to stop from losing it all together. "I've never had to pee so bad in my life!!!", Christina thought, "If things don't hurry up, how am I going to make it to the bathroom, even if I am allowed to leave?" Christina couldn't believe how fast her desperation was growing. Only 6 more minutes had passed and she was beyond herself. All she could think of was peeing. Of ripping down her jeans and panties and finally letting go in the toilet. Now, however, her thoughts were getting more negative and she kept dwelling on the image of herself losing it any second and pissing all down her legs. "I can't hold on any longer, I'm going to have to ask now!", and with that she raised her hand. "Yes Christina, what is it?", Mr Boyle asked. "May I please be excused to use the washroom Sir?" "No, I'm sorry. You know my rules, you had all that time at lunch and we still have a little to go over here. I don't want you to miss any of it." "Please Sir, I won't be long, and I'll get the notes I missed from someone else." "No Christina, I'm sorry. Now stop wasting the class's time, with your weak bladder." Christina turned bright red and that last comment, and lowered her eyes from the few laughs and snickers of her classmates. Over the last 8 minutes of the lesson plan Christina's need grew even stronger, a fact that surprised and worried her as she didn't think it was possible to need to pee any worse. She couldn't sit still for more then a few seconds and tried way after way of holding out again and again. Things were looking bleak. Finally it was time for the second part of the class and everyone got straight to work. If you didn't mess around in and finished your problems, then you'd have no homework to take away. This made for a very quiet class. Of course doing any work was out of the question for Christina, she hadn't even been able to pay attention to the lesson plan, and by now she honestly felt like she was going to embarrass herself in her chair. With more then 30 minutes still left in class, Christina knew there was no hope of making it. In fact she had doubts that if she could leave right away she wouldn't start gushing in her jeans on the way to the washroom. 
Almost on cue to that thought, Christina felt herself squirt. Just a quick one, but enough that she let out a little squeal and thrust both hands deep into her crotch. When she felt she was back under control she carefully removed her hand to inspect any damage. Just to the right of her zipper was a quarter sized dark patch. She knew (and felt) that the spot must be larger on her panties, but this wasn't so bad, it could be hidden. Something had to be done though and taking a deep breath, she stood up and walked very slowly with knees pushed together towards Mr. Boyle's desk. She was sure that if he saw how desperately she needed to be excused she'd have to trouble. Well no trouble leaving class, getting to the washroom was another story (a doubtful at that), but she'd cross that bridge when she got there. Besides she couldn't think to far ahead, most of her concentration was spent trying not to piddle in her knick's. She desperately wanted to hold and rub herself but was proud that so far she was able to make it without wetting. When she got there she pushed her crotch up against the side of the desk and leaned over. Part of it was she didn't want anyone to hear how desperate she was, and part of is was to keep from leaking in her knickers. "Mr. Boyle may I PLEASE goto the washroom? It's a real emergency, I can't hold it until the end of class. Please??" "Miss Rigo, I already told you no, when are you going to learn?" It was like a blow to the stomach, how on Earth could she make it? Visions of weeing in her jeans came back to her, and she HAD to grab hold of herself or lose it right there. "Please Sir, can't you see how desperate I am, I'm going to wet my pants", she cried back, as she did the most amazing pee dance you've ever seen. She was so upset that she squirted again, feeling her hand get wet this time. Her damp spot would no longer be quarter sized. Christina was now so desperate she knew she wouldn't make it to the bathroom. The halls would be empty though and all she's have to do is make it there then she could skip school and run home in her pee soaked jeans. Even that would be better then doing it in front of everyone.
"Fine then," Mr. Boyle answered rather annoyed, "you can go on one condition. You must recite you're A–B–C's" "What??! Is this a joke??!," Christina all but yelled, "I'm about to have an accident and you're asking me a child's question?". By this time Christina was doubled over, frantically rubbing her pussy, in a last ditch effort to hold on just a little more. "Well if you insist on acting like a child then I will treat you like one. Now the request is simple. Say you're A–B–C's and you can go." This was all too much, it was too late. Christina felt herself squirt again followed by a second one and this time longer. Pee slowly dripped through her fingers. She felt so wet down there, and she could no longer tell if she had stopped squirting and was slowing leaking out. She had to get out of there. Turning bright red again she started to say them. "A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I , J, K, L, M, N, O, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z" "That was very well done Christina, but you forgot something. Where's the P?" Christina moaned and began to cry as her poor bladder gave up, gushing forth hard as she completely lost control. Her light blue jeans changed to a dark glistening color, as her pee traveled up her ass, and all around and through her fingers. The only sounds to be heard were the surprised gasps of a few classmates, and the loud hiss of her pee jetting out, and dripping onto the floor. Within a matter of seconds she was soaked all down the front and back, her tight jeans allowing the pee to move up to her waist line. And still she peed, going on and on for almost a minute.
Looking up with teary eyes from the golden puddle growing larger at her feet, she turned to answer Mr. Boyle. "Running down my legs." she moaned. Tee hee, funny joke. Okay so I really built it up from the 2 minute version I heard all those years back, but I think I like it better this way. In fact in the days before I discovered wetset and this whole community online, it was this story I often came back to fantasize about time and time again. The girl in the joke/story would change depending on who I had a crush on at the time, but it's still a wonderful image, even now. Hope you enjoyed it as much as I have. Take care Stay and more importantly stay happy,
Wetfan.