Collections 1 (real Life)

Posted by Alisa101 on August 31st, 2011 at 12:10AM

Some of these are from my friends who told me I missed big time because all of them are me not being observant:

1. When I was 10 I was the ring bearer for my cousin Ashely's wedding, I was board so I most stared outside and ignored the whole thing. But my next cousin Shovon who was 16 was filming the ceremony and noticed that Ashely was bouncing alot during the whole ceremony. By the time we were back at the villas for the party she was quite and her face was red with pain, I was not observant even though I was next to her for the ride she felt tense and I rested my head on her belly she gasp as I felt the back of my head get wet. I got up confused but we were there and I was more focused on the pool too realized she wet herself.

2. Also that year I went to watch cars with Josh ( read score) and my cousin Sharlene. She hated the loos here and would often not drink here because she had a small bladder. But seeing my face lit up with excitement she accidentally order the the size step combo which was the largest coke, a medium popcorn and a small nachos. I got the nachos, Josh got the Popcorn and she got the coke, she probably didn't want to waste money. So all through out the movie Josh said she was twisting and turning and grabbing her crotch. I raced out at the end like a car and ran up and down the hall. But Sharlene was crossing her legs tightly, hansd glued to her crotch and was biting her lip she was afraid to get up Josh said because she would burst she did. So now I know why she took so long

3. In my primary school it was girls vs boys and we compete in every thing I remember most of the money I spent in school was winning bets and contest against girls. There was this one time Kyle said when he dared his sister to hold her pee for three days ( most of us were 12 ) we were the class of 07 so we spent most of the days playing something in the classroom. I was planing a Mario kart for GBA match to see his sister showing off that she made it for two days and a clearly big bulge some took pics others were impressed I just walked by saw it and said nothing I was more focused on wining 50 dollars in Mario kart. By 10 she was bouncing every where and rubbing her poor distended belly ( our class had no shame) by 11 she just ran to the teacher asked if she could go who said yes and ran for the hill. She said that was the most epic piss she ever took. There were some before and after pics but I lost them.

4. Was on a amusement park ride when I was 12 with my uncle Cole and Maria who was 16 at the time she said she had to pee but she could of held it for one more ride. We got stuck on the wonder wheel for 4 hrs. God I was so hungry I wasn't aware of the events nothing but maria was on the verge of exploding she was a big strong girl who was now crying like a little girl. 15 mins later both me and maria was racing off I wanted some thing to eat she wanted to pee

5. I loved my babysitter Smuffy was her nickname because she was short I was 9, my sis was 8 and my bro was 5 and we use to play a ton of games but one was called Mama she use to pretend to act like our mother and rarely she would be pregnant looking which was strange because she didn't stuff a pillow she always wore a navel tank top and she use to go to the toilet afterwards. Me and Gyasi got curious and devised that she ate alot and need to poo so when my mother left we locked the toilet and hide the key one day when she came with this huge belly. 

She immediately wanted to go only to be greeted by us and we played with her all day little did we know this is her 2nd day of holding. She eventually got us and well we were evil and said we lost the key she threaten us that she was going to explode or hope you have your water winds on because a floods coming. 5hrs later about to burst she turned the place upside down because we really lost the keys and she said you know what big girls don't use other peoples toilet. I didn't know what happened next because I was asleep.

Writer Comments: these are 5 out of 17 with my first real collection.

