Fallen Nobility
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Jimmy the Hand

Clarice was one of the most loved figures at court. She was quiet and unassuming and was not free with her modesty like many other noble daughters. Clarice was also one of the most beautiful woman at court, with long blond locks and a perfect, heart shaped face coupled with her small yet full breasts and her slender frame. At just 14 she was already perfect; but she had a secret that know one knew of.

Clarice had always had trouble with her small bladder. Many were the nights she had cried herself to sleep after waking up with soaking sheets and the acrid smell of urine in the air. She had come close to public humiliation several times at court but had always been able to excuse herself and get to the latrine in time. Only Clarice's maid knew of her problem and she was sworn to secrecy. Clarice would never tell a soul as she was painfully shy about such matters.

One Summer's day the King declared that the court would be journeying to the nearby forest for hunting and merriment. The court was very excited and the day began well as they departed quickly on horseback. Clarice felt a few twinges in her bladder as they pounded along but felt under control and in no immediate danger. The nobles and their servants arrived and the old men and the women set to on the wine and fruit that had been left for them while the young men went hunting. Clarice felt her bladder rapidly filling but ignored it as she knew she could relieve herself soon. 

The hunters returned and a feast was prepared, following which there was much dancing and games. At this point Clarice felt that she really should use the latrine and that was when she realised, to her horror, that no such facility had been provided! The men brazenly unbuttoned their hose and relieved themselves against nearby trees and the other women of the court were far too well trained to have let themselves get to a stage where such measures would be necessary.

This was Clarice's first hunt and she had simply not considered the implications of an outdoor court, nor had anyone seen fit to inform her.

Panicking slightly Clarice drifted toward the edge of the crowd in the hopes of being able to hold herself discreetly. Unfortunately for her she was drawn into conversation with several of the other girls and by the time she had managed to extricate herself she was quite desperate. Slipping into the trees she began to run away from the sounds of the camp and into the forest beyond, in the hopes of relieving herself privately. One of the other young ladies, named Amanda, noticed Clarice's abrupt departure and, with five or six friends, resolved to follow her and discover what she was about.

Clarice, meanwhile, was becoming increasingly desperate. Kicking off her shoes in order to run faster, she then began to undo the ties of her cumbersome gown, which she soon cast off. Hoping to relieve herself soon she then proceeded to remove her undergown and petticoats in preparation. Dressed now in only a light chemise and pants, her hair flying loose behind her, Clarice was about to loose control and, realising she must stop, suddenly burst into a clearing and found herself facing a small peasant village.

Clarice stopped, shocked, realising that she was being seen in just her underclothes in public; and by a group of peasants no less! There were some wolf whistles and cat calls and Clarice was about to retreat back into the woods when she felt a great pang in her nether regions.

She quickly fumbled her chemise open and pulled it over her head, trying to ignore to leering of the men and the giggles of the womenfolk as her small breasts were revealed, nipples hardening in the slight breeze. Her hands were shaking badly as she moved to the draw string of her pants and she simply couldn't untie it. With tears running down her face Clarice finally implored to the villagers to help her but they just grinned; they were not well treated and it was good to finally see one of the nobles humiliated for a change.

Despite her best efforts Clarice's body finally succumbed to its need and released her waters right there in the clearing, soaking her pants and thighs. The villagers began laughing and clapping and one small boy ran up behind the young noblewoman and yanked down her pants, exposing her soaked womanhood and damp pubic hair as the last of the urine trickled out of her and causing the villagers to cheer and clap harder.

Amanda and her cohorts had been watching all this from the bushes and once they had finished their own private giggling over Clarice's disgrace they went over to her. The peasants scattered into the forest as the other noblewomen approached and Amanda tutted loudly as she came upon the cring young woman.

"Dear me Clarice!" she exclaimed, "You have humiliated yourself haven't you?"

All of the other girls tittered and they slowly escorted Clarice back to camp to tell there tale and to heap yet more ridicule upon the embarrassed young woman.

