Hello!
This is a true story about my first peeing accident on our short trip to Paris.
I am a 20 years old girl from Germany and I had a very bad peeing accident last week at our school trip to France. It was a very hot day when we had our last day in Paris. It was 8 or 9 o'clock p.m. when we left our hotel and put the luggage in the bus. We had to drive nearly 10 hours home, so my friend Marie and I bought 2 six packs beer and a bottle wine to have a party during this long journey. We drank a lot and had a lot of fun.
After 2 hours I first recognized that my bladder was full. The toilet in the bus was defective so we had a break every 2 hours to go to the bathroom. The last break was only 15 minutes ago so I had to wait till we had the next short break. But it didn't matter; I normally have a strong big bladder. So we emptied the six–pack and laughed and danced.
One hour later I got tired and fell into a deep sleep for nearly 2 hours. When I woke up, it was because the bus was driving over a stony way. I opened my eyes and saw that everyone else was sleeping. And now my bladder was very full. I went to the front of the bus and asked the driver to have a short break at the nearest fuel station, because I had to go pee–pee.
He laughed and said: "We will have the next break in an hour."
"No, I have to go NOW," I answered. "Please! I will have a serious problem if you won't stop."
"You are a big girl," he said. "An adult person will be able to hold in for an hour." I felt that there was no way for an agreement so I went back to my seat to wait till the driver would stop. Already, 15 minutes later I was starting to get nervous. I pressed one hand on my crotch and crossed my legs. It was so awful! A few minutes later I felt the first squirt soaking my pants. I stood up and walked around in the bus but I realized that wouldn't help. I went back to my seat and hoped to stay dry until the bus would stop. I was rocking back and forth and rubbing my crotch, feeling the next squirt of warm pee in my pants. Now you could see a wet patch between my legs. My bladder hurt so much and all the beer and wine turned into floods of pee under tremendous pressure. The pressure made me stop breathing. I started to moan loud and bit my lips and hoped that no one would wake up to see me in this unlucky situation.
"In 20 km we will have a break young lady," the driver shouted. My teacher woke up. Oh now, I thought! He was sitting in front of me so I was a little bit ashamed to hold my crotch and keep rocking around.
"Only 70 km and we will be at home," he told me. "Did you enjoy this trip?" I wasn't able to answer! I tried to sit quiet and crossed my legs, but I couldn't stop the huge flood of pee. It dripped out with a big pressure over the seat, down my legs and onto the floor of the bus. I was wearing a short skirt– the pee was flowing down and through the whole bus. I wasn't able to hold it longer. My teacher stared at me with a shocked expression on his face. I started crying holding my crotch to stop peeing in the bus and ran to the bus' door and shouted: "PLEASE! OPEN THE DOOR!" And although I had peed I think 500 ml I couldn't hold anymore in. I was off balance when the driver braked, and so I fell down. And I was peeing my pants again! I was lying there with the hands on my face and continuing to pee for nearly 2 minutes. Some people woke up and saw my big peeing accident and my teacher laughed at me. I felt more ashamed than I have ever been before!
But that's not the worse of all. The bus driver also laughed about me and said: "I hope you know how to clean this up." He drove to the next fuel station, and told me to ask for a bucket and a duster to clean up my pee. While I was cleaning, all the people went out of the bus. The driver was standing in front of the bus' door and said to me: "It was a big pleasure to see you peeing in your pants." I saw his big cock and thought about what was happening. And I realized that it turned me on in a very different way. I touched my clit through my wet pants and rubbed my clit till I had a great orgasm, the best I ever had. The driver watched me but I didn't care about it. "You're a dirty little girl," he said and smiled at me. Although I had wet pants and everyone would be laughing about me the next 6 months I felt great!
Peetricia