InfiniDi
	Lily picks up an automatically drying diaper!
Author: dreadknots

Three quick raps on her door jolted Lily out of her focused state. Hours spent in front of her computer and she was no closer to finding where she'd gone wrong. Throwing on a shirt and smoothing out her hair, she opened the door to her apartment with a wan smile.

"Are you Selene...Fakename?" the delivery man asked, raising an eyebrow. He held a package wrapped in brown paper out for her. Lily snatched it up and put it behind her.

"It's pronounced Faknaymeh. It's Italian," she explained, and sketched out a signature on his phone. He didn't seem convinced, but considering what she'd just bought, she'd rather not have her real name on any official paperwork. She closed the door, locked it, and slid the chain across. Lily shuttered the blinds, but only after peeking out to make sure there was nobody lurking outside. Finally assured that there was nobody who could see her, she gingerly unwrapped the package.

The InfiniDi was the latest development in protective garment technology. Using advanced nanotechnology, it can clean itself and keeping itself dry in perpetuity. Lily held out the crinkling white diaper, watching blue lines shimmer and pulse around the sides. It almost looked like a costume item you might see in an old sci-fi movie...starring the incontinent.

Lily stepped out of her panties and slid down her panties. She hadn't worn a diaper since she was young, but according to the message boards she frequented, wearing one was the key to keeping her focus on her code. Even her best coding bud had recommended it to her! Bathroom breaks sapped the mind and broke focus as surely as her visit from the deliveryman had, or so Mina would insist. Though Lily wasn't entirely convinced, she persuaded herself to at least give it a shot. What could go wrong?

Once it reached her hips, she felt it adjust itself. That spooked her, but since it was a piece of advanced tech, she had to assume it was a normal procedure. A slight poke at her thighs made her jump, but a soothing warmth put her at ease. Must have been a glitch, she thought, and sat back down to get back to coding. At her side, a pitcher of water waited. She downed the rest of her first glass and tried to get back to work.

Incredibly, just by putting on the diaper she felt a burst of concentration. The answer to her problem popped into her head in moments, and her fingers flew across the keyboard. She felt totally centred! Her tongue stuck out as code slid down the monitor. Time blazed by, and she only noticed that a full hour had gone by was the sudden appearance of pressure on her bladder.

It was the moment of truth for this experiment. But try as she might, Lily couldn't let go! She wiggled in her seat in frustration. This was what she'd bought the dang thing for, but it was difficult to suppress years of control. Lily figured that it'd happen, eventually. She focused on her work, trying to put the pressure out of her mind. It was difficult, but she managed a few more lines. It got easier to ignore her body's needs. They floated away from her conscious mind.

A gentle hissing noise brought her back to reality. It was happening! She instinctively clamped down as if she was having an accident, but a wave of endorphins flooded into her body and disrupted her attempt at control. The flow sputtered as her muscles flexed, but soon she gave into the blissful warmth and let it all flow out of her. The diaper drank it all, discolouring slightly and expanding outward. It felt so...relaxing. The hiss turned to a trickle soon enough, and a part of her was disappointed. She had no idea why, but it had felt great to wet herself!

With the pressure relieved, she could focus on her work again. The cooling mass of diaper around her began to nag at her, but the lights on the front flashed before she could get too irritated. Miraculously, the material changed from light yellow back to white! Where the liquid was going, she did not understand, but in less than a minute it had totally cleaned itself. Incredible! She drank more water to celebrate, soon getting a refill for her pitcher.

Her thoughts wandered while she sipped at her water. Her room was so dreary. With all the blinds drawn, it really did look like a nerd den. She pulled open the blinds, letting in the sunlight. Her room was on the rear of her building, so only a weirdo skulking around would see her. She paid it no mind. No reason to be paranoid! For modesty's sake, she did put on a skirt over her diaper. A bright red one fit well, and only showed a modest bulge if she sat down. Perfect!

Lily got back to work, tap tap tapping away at the keys. Her state of concentration was easy to slip back into, and she quickly burned through several issues that had been plaguing her with this project for the last week. Of course, that chewed up another hour or so. And she'd downed another pitcher of water in the meantime.

With a yip of glee, she polished off the last line she needed! All it needed to do was compile. Setting her machine to do its work, she suddenly had some time to herself. What was she going to do with her cheque from this job, she wondered? She looked around the sunlit room. It was a drab place to live, all things considered. A lot of beige, a lot of eggshell. She'd moved in months ago but hadn't really sat down and planned out how to make it look like an actual place a human being would live. That had to change!

She surfed various home decor websites, looking to spruce up her bedroom first. Her usual tastes weren't exciting her, however. Her interests leaned toward the colourful. Bright posters, colourful wallpaper, little touches that would make her smile when she woke up.

Her mind was filled with decorating possibilities. So monomaniacal was her attention that the first moment she felt the desire to pee, it was almost too late. Unsure if she wanted to use her diaper twice in as many hours, she got up to try to use the bathroom. But the act of standing up jostled her enough to cause her to momentarily lose control. She squirted into the diaper, causing Lily to squeak out. Oh no! How had she not noticed it was this bad! She waddled over to the bathroom, but when every step you make is like an earthquake to your bladder, the distance seemed insurmountable. By the time she made it to the doorway, the battle was over. She halted and stared at her toilet as her body went on its own, filling the InfiniDi once more with her piss.

It felt even better this time. Something about the loss of control made her giddy. Lily spread her legs a bit to aid the flow. Warm padding expanded between her legs until she was stuck with a waddle. Lily waited until every last drop had been slurped up by the garment before turning around back to the computer. She promised herself that she'd keep a closer eye on these things. The diaper was working a little too well in keeping her from being distracted!

She returned to her desk in a huff. Her code had finished compiling, so she gave it a test run. Sure enough, the application loaded as desired! She uploaded the latest version to the server and went back to shopping online. She could do a lot of things with the money she'd be making!

She'd need new clothes, of course. Now that she'd be less distracted and focused on her work from home, it didn't matter if her tastes got a little more adventurous. She bought an adorable little sundress and a few cute blouses, all in bright, happy colours. She also bought a cute unicorn onesie from a novelty shop, just for kicks. And why not? Lily deserved to wear whatever she wanted after being such a hard worker!

More glasses of water went by, and hours must have passed again. The clock at told her it was only 7 PM, but she was feeling exhausted. All the work, she reasoned. Before flopping into bed under the cushions, she looked for something to listen to while she was falling asleep. ASMR wasn't doing it for her, but neither were any of her regular podcasts. Finally, she settled on a long video of someone telling a bedtime story specifically for helping adults go to sleep. That did the trick!

***

Lily sleep was restful. Her dreams were languid and relaxing, filled with gentle animal shapes that hugged her tummy. They were snuggling a little too hard, and she felt like there was some tension there. She told them the hugs were a little too tight, and that they should let go! After a while, they did, and she felt so much better. So warm and peaceful...

The dream faded out into reality. The trickle between her legs barely registered. It was just another part of the comfortable sensation that she bathed in. The diaper began to cool before she'd even noticed what she'd done in her half-awake state.

"Wh-whuh?" she mumbled, feeling the moist front. Now it was getting concerning. She was wetting herself while she slept too? Something was going on here!

She threw off the covers, looking around for something that could have caused this sudden change in behaviour for her. Something she ate? A change in her sleep schedule? She idly rubbed the front of her diaper, pressing it against her nethers. What could be making her lose control like this? Regardless, she was glad she had the InfiniDi to help her. What would she do without it?

Maybe the pal who recommended it could help her? Mina was online, so she shot a message over to her. Her response took the form of a voice chat request, which Lily eagerly obliged.

"Hi Lily!" Mina said to her camera. Rather than her normal goth aesthetic, the older woman had a shirt with a cartoon rabbit that said 'Hop to it!' on the front. Lily thought it looked great! "How are you enjoying your InfiniDi?"

"It's great! But...I'm having some...umm...problems," she admitted, blushing. She downed another glass of water out of nervous reflex.

Mina laughed. "Oh, yeah, that can happen. The InfiniDi needs a constant flow to keep powered, you see, so it makes some changes to your body!"

"W-what?!"

"Ya, just some minor things. Lowers your bladder control to almost nothing, and that drags down some nonessential brain stuff. It really doesn't matter. So long as you keep wearing it, you'll be fine!"

Lily didn't know what to say. She fretted, trying to articulate her mix of confusion and fear. A steady building in her waist distracted her, however. She consciously clenched her legs together.

"I don't want to be a permanent piddlepants!" Lily whined.

Nina wasn't swayed. "Why not? I am. It lets me focus on my work! Why don't you try sucking on your thumb. Trust me, it'll all get so clear when you do!"

Lily whined, gripping the padding around her. "B-but...but...what if I want to wear something else?"

Mina smiled, her voice warm and maternal. "Don't you worry, sweetie. You never have to decide what to wear ever again. The InfiniDis will take care of everything. All you have to do is let go."

The pressure was intolerable. She wouldn't be able to stand up without immediately losing control. The battle was over. She just hadn't surrendered yet. She bounced her legs and wiggled and did everything in her power to distract from that fact. But the end was inevitable.

"Go ahead, Lily. Suck your thumb. Be a good girl now."

Her hand moved of its own accord. Her digit slipped into her lips, and it felt so good. So calming. Satisfying an ache that she hadn't known about until just now. There was so much pressure built up, and all her old worries seemed so meaningless now.

Lily let out a satisfied moan as her last ounce of control slipped away. The room filled with the hiss of a bladder filled to the brim completely releasing, and her diaper soon bulged between her legs. A sensation deeper than any orgasm she'd ever felt took hold. A burden had been completely removed from her mind, leaving nothing but bliss in its wake. She suckled her thumb placidly as her maturity and years of potty training filled the diaper.

Lily thanked Mina profusely for telling her about InfiniDis, then pivoted seamlessly into the plan for their next collaborative effort, the moisture between her legs slowly evaporating away and leaving room for her next, inevitable accident.

***

Four weeks passed by in a haze. Lily had never been more productive in her life. Projects came and went, and she burned the midnight oil getting them done in record time. A lot of that money had gone into her new lifestyle choices, and her apartment had become a pastel wonderland. Pink unicorn wallpaper, a mobile with magical creatures, and an unending parade of stuffed animals surrounding her bed.

Lily herself had embraced the theme. She wore a childish outfit of pink shirt with flowers and denim overalls, one of her favourites in fact. It was a special day after all! The knock made her jump out of her chair and bolt to the door. Or waddle as fast as possible, considering the thick padding underneath her clothes.

She opened the door to the same delivery guy as before.

"Hiiiii!" she said, waving. He gave a slight wave back and a very confused smile.

"Package for Ms. Fakename?" he asked, holding out a fist-sized box.

She giggled, holding a hand over her mouth. "That's me! Not really though, Fakename is just a fake name!"

"I gathered."

She closed the door and tore open the wrapping faster that she would have on Christmas morning. There it was! From the makers of her special diaper, the latest in pacifier technology! Sucking on her thumb was so soothing, but it was starting to hurt her skin! Plus a pacifier would allow her to use both hands to work!

She hummed a nursery rhyme as she got back to coding out her latest project: a cooperative effort with Mina to help manage bedtimes! Lily didn't notice the front of her diaper warm. It was no longer any great bursts of wetting: just a steady dribble throughout the day as her pee left her body on its own accord. Her muscles had seemingly forgotten their old purpose. She was stuck in diapers from now on, but that suited her just fine.
