My Fantasy

by Elizabeth

Hope you like it! It was my first attempt at this. So..any suggestions are welcome!!!

I love your site!!!!!!! I had no known interest in this until I got turned on reading your stories!!!! Thanks for a wonderful place to explore!

Lisa

Master informed me this morning after breakfast, that we are going to explore a new twist on an old game. I must ask permission to use the bathroom, except this time he will decide if I will be allowed to or not. I am to wait until I feel I can no longer wait to ask permission. I must try to hold off until he is satisfied that I can no longer wait. Then he will decide if I should wait longer. He has warned me that I must accept that I may wet myself, although that is not his goal. His goal is to be in control of my most personal needs. As I had already been this morning before he informed me of my new rules, I am not yet worried. At breakfast I had a glass of juice and some water as well. Now, I need to go to the store to pick up stuff for dinner. 

As I leave the house I get the first feeling that I may need to go soon. I am determined to play fair so I will hurry so that I will be home again before I have to go really bad. While standing in the checkout line I realize that I need to go fairly bad. I hadn't thought about it while shopping but all of a sudden it is a urgent feeling. I know I need to get home quickly to avoid an accident. Finally it is my turn at the register. I shift my weight leg to leg. Pressing my thighs together tightly I walk out to the car and begin loading the bags into the trunk. Each bend exherts more pressure and I am truely worried that I may not make it home. As soon as I sit in the drivers seat I almost lose it! It seems like my bladder recognises that I am in the "right" position and is getting insistant that I allow it relief! I hold my pussy tightly for a minute and rock hips, trying to find some relief. After a moment I feel as though I might make it home. I drive quickly, hoping that I am not stopped.

I run straight into the house. "Master, Please I need to go now. May I please?' I am dancing, wiggling as my hand presses tight to my pussy. Master smiles at me and says I may ask again after I unload the groceries! I am frantic by now "Oh Master, no please I need to go now!! Oh Please don't make me wet my pants, Pleaseeeeeeeeee" He just smiles and points to the front door. I race outside praying that I can hold it a little longer. It takes me two trips to bring it all in the house. I am dying to go!!! I feel as though I will alsolutely burst if I don't go this instant.

"Master? May I go now? Please, the groceries are in now" Finally he gives me permission! "Thank you!" I yell as I run to the bathroom, trying to undo my pants even before I get there. I am clenching my muscles trying to hold back as I tug my pants down. I lose control just as I start to lower myself to the toilet. Fortunately only a little bit has spurted onto the seat and my clothes. Ahhh the relief....I feel as though I will pee forever. I sit there as the stream continues, eyes closed, almost in exstasy as the pleasure in the release sweeps over me. When the stream finally stops, I wipe myself and then look at the wet spots on my pants. Should I put them on or change them? I decide to ask Master which he prefers. "Wear them" is his answer. 

"Do you see my dear that you were able to wait longer than you originally thought? You must try harder to wait to ask me. Now go get the drink I prepared for you. When you have finished it you will show me your apprecaition for allowing you to use the toilet. Perhaps later you will need to use the bushes or even the sink. Hummmm, I will have to give this some more thought. You may not realise how lucky you are to be able to sit comforably. Yes, this definately needs more thought"

