Stories: Holly’s Hallowe’en
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Holly was looking forward to going out on Hallowe’en. She was invited to a fancy dress party at the local community hall….. and she hired a witch’s costume to wear- an all-black bodysuit covered by a grey skirt and fishnet stockings. Of course, she painted her face with black eyeliner and lipstick around the eyes and mouth respectively. She was soon finished and then she was on her way to the party.

When she got there, she was greeted by friends…. and strangers alike. She was a very attractive person normally- painting her face earlier didn’t seem to put handsome males off. She also had a lot to drink, mainly lager in half-litre plastic cups! A handsome guy who dressed up as Count Dracula approached her.

“Hello, you look nice,” he said.

“Hi, er, thank you,” Holly replied back. “What’s your name?”

“David. You?”

“Holly. I haven’t seen you here before.”

“I’ve come here with friends.”

Both Holly and David started talking to each other, doing so all night and dancing whenever they felt like it. Whilst listening to the music, Holly felt that she needed to pee, so she went to the toilets…. and thought they were disgusting.

“Oh, I’m not using them!” she thought. She went back to dance with David at one of the tables. She then sat with her legs grossed tightly- she needed to go, but she was so busy talking to her new friend. As the evening wore on, she started to fidget a bit. She was feeling the after effects of the lager going through her body down to her bladder.

Soon the party was over (it ended around four in the morning), and David asks to walk Holly home… she agrees. However, she wished she had not done so. She was desperate to go to the toilet and she wanted to empty her bladder badly. While walking, David noticed Holly behaving oddly.

“What’s the matter?” he asked.

“I need to pee badly!” she explained. “I didn’t bother going to the toilet all night.” She then put one hand inbetween her legs.

“We’ll have to find a toilet,” David said. “There’s one in the High Street.”

So they walked up the High Street, and sure enough they found the public toilets. But on reaching there, they saw a sign:

SORRY-TOILETS CLOSED FOR REDECORATION.

Holly’s heart sank. David and she tried to look for another one, but they couldn’t find any. By this time, Holly was getting frantic. she was clutching herself badly now and mumbling.

“Oh god, I need to go now!” she said worringly.

There were times recently that she often held her pee until the last possible moment, but somehow managed to get to a toilet in time. on this occasion however, she felt there was going to be a happy ending to her plight. She felt a little pee seep through her panties.

“Oh no please, not here, not now!”

But it was too late. More pee started to seep through her panties and trickle down her legs. she tried with all her willpower to stop the flow, but she then gave up and let go a torrent of pee. David stood mesmerised as he saw the urine flow out of Holly. It seemed to last more than the minute it took. Holly started to cry, and David put a sympathetic arm around her shoulder.

“Don’t worry, Holly. It happens to all of us. I won’t tell. Let this be our little secret,” he said, and the both of them kissed each other tenderly.

