Only once did I ever deliberately cause Cindy to become overly desperate or wet her pants. As I mentioned before, she was an Army Brat and she was living at home while attending college. It was a good arrangement for her for she could do as she pleased, yet managed to save money on rent. On this particular Saturday afternoon we went with her dad "The Colonel", her mom and her younger brother and sister for a picnic at the park on the base where here father was stationed. Now the Colonel was a very strict military man when it came to military protocol. One of the protocols that anyone that has served in the service of any United States Military unit is aware of is retreat. The time of day when Taps is played and the colors lowered. It is a strict military protocol that any personnel not under cover (out doors) must face the base flag and come to attention for the lowering of the flag and the playing of Taps. We had been enjoying the afternoon and had been making a dent in the pop, and tea that we had brought along. Although Cindy & I were both 18 and legal to drink, we did not have any of the beer that her dad had brought, as we had plans for later in the evening. Having been raised around the military and having been on base before I was well aware of the pending retreat. A few minutes before this was to happen, Cindy said that she wanted to take a walk. We got up and started to walk across the park area and she led off towards the restrooms stating that she was needing to pee. We wandered that way and I managed to sneak a look at my watch for the time. We went past a couple of pieces of old WW II tanks and vehicles and I took the time to stop and look at them. Cindy naturally stopped with me, but looked none to pleased. As I was looking at the machinery I noticed that she was fidgeting around allot and that perked my attention as well as starting to stiffen my dick. I decided right then that I was going to make her wait a while for relief. Little did I know how it was about to turn our. Soon Cindy asked me if I was about done, and I told her in a minute. I heard her mumble under her breath that a minute might be too late. Finally I turned to her and she said that it was about time, resuming our walk toward the restrooms. Again I glanced at my watch and knew that I only had to stall for about a minute or so more and my plan would work. About 100 yards from the bathroom I told Cindy to hold up a second and knelt down to tie my tennis shoe telling her one of them came untied. One of them did come untied in fact, by me, so I could retie it and waste some time. Well that was all that was needed, for 25 yards from the bathroom over the loudspeakers placed all over the base came the beginnings of the Star Spangled Banner which was the prelude to Taps. Cindy froze in place like the well trained Army Brat she was and faced the flag. The look of desperation and sheer terror on her face told me every thing I needed to know. I watched as she wiggled in place the little she could and slowly put her left hand into the pocket of the skin tight jeans. With one hand over her heart she desperately tried to get that left hand over her crotch unnoticed through her jeans. It was a good thing that I was standing slightly behind her so she could not see the tremendous "flag pole" I was now sporting. Through clenched teeth she whispered ' you bastard, I will get you for this." She stayed firmly rooted to where she stood. I could see her frantically digging for her crotch having little success with the tight jeans she wore. She was also softly moaning from the sheer pain she must have been in. How she managed to stand as still as she did and not pee herself amazed me at that point. As the slowly played Taps was droning on, she began to moan, more and more in pain and at one point she went extremely rigid and sucked in a great lungfull of air through tightly clenched teeth. When the last note of Taps ended she was off like a track star, racing toward the restrooms with one hand firmly planted on her pussy and the other franticly trying to get the top of her jeans open. She was caught short buy the door to the women's restroom, for it was locked and a note stuck to it saying that the women's restroom was out of order. She started to head to the men side and saw a couple of military men going in the door. There was no way she could enter then with out causing an undue amount of commotion and possibly getting her father a court martial. She looked at me desperately, bobbing up and down, both hand clamped on her pussy over her jeans and said what am I going to do. I must admit, it was my intention to make her desperate, but not to have her wet herself right there. I quickly pointed to some bushes and said over there. As she started to hobble toward them she suddenly stopped. At that precise moment, the whole back side of the indigo blue denim jeans went a dark, wet cobalt blue as the pee hissed out of her overextended bladder and splashed onto the dirt. She did not just make a puddle, she made a giant mud spot on the ground, easily pissing for over a minute. When she was finally done, we slowly headed back to where her family was. When we got there her brother and sister began to giggle and her mother asked what happened. She explained that she was on the way to the bathroom when Retreat began and by the time it was over it was too late. "The Colonel" looked at her and said, "Well at least you did you duty. More than once I see." With that he burst out laughing as did the rest of us. And even Cindy started to smile and laugh a little and her embarrassment faded a little. As I drove her home to change, I learned why her dad, "The Colonel" found it funny, telling me about a time her mother had wet her pants at home due to her dad. But that is another story...
PP Watcher