The Sergeant's Wife & The General's (part 4)

by Francine

Chapter 4

Morning came. Jim turned to his sleeping wife, not sure whether to arouse her for another encounter. He noted the time - after ten. He rose, and ordered breakfast. While awaiting its arrival, he nudged his sleeping wife. "Time for getting up!" he told her. "Need to pee before breakfast?"

She rubbed her eyes. "With you watching? My breakfast would get cold while you worked off your excitement. Call me when it arrives!" She turned over and closed her eyes again.

Breakfast did arrive. She slipped from the bed and sleepily moved to the little table on which their trays had been placed. Before sitting down, she faced him, extended her arms high over her head and engaged in a luxurious stretch. His eyes took it all in.

She bent over and gently kissed him. Then, standing before him, observed, "Still don't want me to wear any clothes? Haven't you seen everything by now?"

"Do want me to get tired of it? I don't remember you telling me to put my clothes on, either!"

"I kind of like looking, too. I'll admit it," then she added, "But right now I've got a full bladder I need to empty. You can watch, if you'll promise to let me eat my breakfast right after!"

She led him into the bathroom and as she had intended. Then, as she expected, he returned her to the bed and began running his hands over her body. "Need to get this one over quick, cause I'll need to check downstairs again in a half hour or so. But I'll be back- give you a chance to plan how you're going to seduce me this afternoon!"

"Seduce you? I don't think I could fight you off- even if I wanted to!"

True to his word, he left her a few minutes later, resting on the bed. He dressed and went down to the lobby.

As he stood at the desk waiting for the clerk to check for an expected message, he heard a spirited conversation between two officers standing behind him.

"I told you he wasn't planning to be with us today - he just said he'd check with me this morning!."

The other replied, impatiently, "I tried to get his room, but they're taking no calls. You're his aide - can't you get through? I don't need to see him - I just need to get an answer about the meeting tomorrow!"

"Take it easy, Jerry; his wife was waiting for him. Even a general's entitled to a bit of marital bliss. I'm going up there in a few minutes, I think, and knock on the door. His wife's suitcase got lost, and it's just arriving, now. I'll try to go up with the bellman when he delivers it. In fact, here he comes!"

"She's been here two days without her baggage? If it was my wife, she'd be furious. No clothes or anything, and a two day wait. I'll bet the general got a rough reception, Carl. She probably wasn't in a good mood!"

A bellman approached the officer, carrying a suitcase bearing an assortment of tags. "Sir," he addressed the officer, "I hate to trouble you, but you were going to go up to the tenth floor when I delivered this bag- I just spoke to the lady up there - she said she really wasn't in a hurry, and she would call when she wanted it. I'm supposed to just hold it until she calls!" 

The one named Carl turned to his friend. "Guess that means you'll have to wait a bit. Right now she doesn't seem to be interested in clothes. She must not be too upset; but since she took that call, maybe I can get through to the general. Let's try again!"

Jim heard them as they wandered off to a house phone. Then, after finishing his message checking, he returned upstairs to his own room. 

Wanda cautiously opened the door for him. She was still dressed, as he had wished, in nothing at all.

Once inside, he told Wanda he had heard the general's aide talking downstairs, and that the suitcase belonging to the general's wife had just arrived, but she seemed not to want it.

Wanda at first smiled, then burst out laughing.

Jim pointedly asked her, "What kind of fashion advice did you give her? Apparently she's been two days without a suitcase and now she doesn't even want it."

Wanda stopped her laugh long enough to answer her husband.

"What am I wearing?" she asked him.

"Nothing, of course - I told you not to wear anything."

"Louise is, I think, following my example - that's what I thought she would do! Maybe the general likes it!" she was displaying a broad smile. Then she added, "I think I'll call her!"

"No - no, you don't. This isn't military protocol - a sergeant doesn't make social calls to a two star general. You'll get me in trouble!"

"Jim, you're not calling. I can call a female friend - there's nothing wrong with it!" She was already dialing.

A gruff but sleepy male voice answered the phone. "Could I speak to Louise?" Wanda asked sweetly.

In a moment Louise was on the line. "How did it go?" Wanda inquired. "I hear you feel you aren't anxious about your suitcase!"

"Wanda, you really inspired me- he can't hear me right now, so I can tell you. He got in on schedule, and his reaction when he saw me - well, not just once last night but twice and again this morning, if you know what I mean, and he's a lot older than your Jim. Right now he's just gone in the shower. I haven't had one yet, but I've been promised a bath - by one of the best bath givers around, although he's been two busy to do it for along time. Oh, yes, the peeing thing worked wonderfully, too! Why would I want clothes? We're celebrating our anniversary!"

Wanda put down the phone. She turned to Jim.

"The general's wife thinks she learned something from me. Right now, we have a lot in common - especially taste in clothes. I think those two officers downstairs will be waiting a while. The general is going to be involved in a very special cleaning job."

"A cleaning job?" Jim asked, incredulously.

"A cleaning job. His wife is going to be given a bath. He promised her. Come to think of it, I could use a bath about now, too. I'm already dressed for it. Now, surely, if a general can do it, a sergeant can, can't you?"

She pulled him toward the bathroom.

END 

