Title: Wet Sex:First Contact

By: Toni & Paul

The following is a true account of our first watersports experiment...one that WILL be repeated often and expanded upon.

EVERYTHING written here is true (apart from our names). We are Toni and Paul, a young (18 and 20) couple from a respectable suburb in the Home Counties, England. I'm Toni, and I'm writing this with Paul's help on my computer in my room at University, where our experience has just occurred (we're both sitting here naked, our cum dripping from each other.....)

It all started just over four weeks ago, just before the Christmas break between semesters (a 'Merkin abhoration now finding it's way into English Universities with two terms, not three!). Paul and I have always been 'experimental' with each other and willing to try anything once. We've been going out for about 9 months, and have been engaged for four of them, and are looking to buy a house together in the Summer.

As a result of our commitment to each other we have always found it easy to share our fantasies and desires (Paul can usually make me come just by lying close to me and whispering his latest erotic story into my ear...I'll have to get him to dictate one to me sometime and post it to alt.sex.stories!). To feed our insatiable appetites for sex we often use the computer labs here to pick up stories for us both to enjoy (and the odd picture for Paul) from the Newsgroups and a few websites we've come across. Reading these stories back in my room usually ends up with us on the bed, on the floor, on the chair, or wherever takes our fancy, with Paul's 8-inch dick thrusting away inside me, his strong hips pushing us both to ecstasy.....Huh-Hum...Where was I?

Ah yes! Once or twice we've unknowingly picked up stories containing watersports elements. Paul has always claimed not to enjoy them that much, unless they contain an overtly sexual element. That's not to say he didn't like them, just that he didn't find that they turned him on. I guess I've always liked them, but been a bit too shy to say (in the past, that is). In the last week of last semester however, things changed. I found myself wanting to read more watersports stories, without having to read about nubile young schoolgirls screwing their middle-aged neighbours to get to the wet stuff.

While surfing (alone) one evening, I came across Patch's Place, and my sexual habits were changed instantly. I grabbed all the stories I could, saved them on a disk, and rushed back to my room, desperate to read them. As I read I found a pattern emerging in the stories that I liked, and the ones that REALLY got me horny. Reading about people accidentally pissing in their clothes was much more of a turn-on than the 'staged' stories, such as the Dream Team stories by Tinker (although tales of nymphettes (Paul's word) in Cheerleader outfits spending their afternoons drinking Coke and watering the lawn still does it for me, just not to the same extent). With Paul away working I found myself fingering myself to oblivion reading my new "kinky" stories. All I needed now was for him to become as interested in WS as I was. And soon!

I tried showing him some of the stories, starting with the Dream Team part 1, knowing his fondness for cheerleaders, but he didn't seem to find them much of a turn on. At least they didn't turn him off, which was promising. We forgot about it all for a few days over Christmas, then Paul's opinion of pissing as an erotic pastime began to change, making a wild swing in the opposite direction at a New Year's Eve party held by a friend of ours. While everyone else got loudly slaughtered, I wasn't boozing because I'd been ill. Some time after midnight, while Paul was slumped in my lap, I pulled his head down and whispered in his ear how much of a turn on it would be for me to see him desperate to pee, to see him squirming and shifting as he fought to hold on. In his drunken state he told me he'd be pleased to oblige me but he wasn't sure of his ability not to "lose it" in front of our friends. Very promising!!

The next day, we were lying together and Paul was reciting his most recent fantasy to me while he stroked my clit. In return, I reminded him of the conversation from the previous night, and he teased me about being obsessed. Suddenly, something changed in his mind and he told me of this image he'd had of me wearing a short skirt which I'd rucked up at the sides so that he could watch me pissing hard through my red tartan knickers. SUCCESS!!!!

Over the next few days we played the waiting game, holding on and watching each other as we reached our limits of control, but, as we were both in our respective parents' homes, stopped short of letting go. However, we both fantasised of the day in the near future when we could do so, when I moved back into my room in Halls (Oh the bliss of having an en suite shower!). Eventually, the day came and Paul helped me move my stuff back again. On the same day one of our friends picked up the keys for her new house (actually, it was the same friend, Mel, who had held the New Year's do - Little does she realise what she's doing for our sex life!). We planned the evening well in advance. Paul was to stay the night with me, and packed an overnight bag containing a change of clothes and a pair of cut-offs, made from an old pair of jeans.

That evening we visited Mel at her new place, which was totally empty of furniture (tempting!), bringing enough Coke and 7UP to float a battleship. Between 8pm and 1 in the morning we drank four and a half litres between us, most of it Coke; on top of which neither of us had been to the toilet since about half past six that afternoon. The party was great fun, and nobody managed to wreck the place, unlike the New Year's Eve party, but by 1am we both felt a need to pee. We made our excuses and left, wondering whether Mel and her fiance CeeJay would be up to anything with the three guys we left them with, Penfold, Seamus and MNG (Miserable Northern Git). I think that story is best left for a bit of erotic fiction.

We made it back to my room, just, both feeling very desperate to pee, and VERY horny. Having relieved a bit of our sexual frustration with a snog and a grope, Paul changed into his cut-offs and I put on my short black and white check skirt. For the next ten or fifteen minutes we tortured each other by tickling and prodding, Paul making me laugh so much I almost wet myself there on the bed (I think I felt a slight drop of moisture form on my knickers, but I can't be certain). All of a sudden Paul leapt up and dashed into the en suite shower and stood facing me where I stood in the doorway, his legs slightly apart, stretching his already tight cut-offs across his waist and hips. Slowly a smile spread across his face, and a look of relief, as a dark patch began to appear on the inside of his left leg, spreading downwards, across underneath his crotch and at the bottom of his left pocket.

The trickle of yellow liquid running down his now soaked leg became a torrent as he really let go, his pleasure obvious from the look on his face and the excited sighs he was exhaling. He reached up and held on to the shower rail to prevent himself from falling forwards into my bedroom as the pleasure of it all made his knees buckle. By the time the flow had stopped his light blue denim shorts were dark grey, almost black, and the wet patch spread from the bottom of the left leg all the way round his crotch, all the way up to where the tip of his dick was contained by his briefs.

He unzipped the shorts and dropped them on the floor, letting me see his shiny black briefs (he finds boxers don't give him enough support). I couldn't resist stroking my hand over his wet underwear, feeling the warmth of his piss, and sensing his delight as I stroked his warm wet cock through the material. As he stepped out of the shower he was already hard, even though it was barely 30 seconds since he'd stopped pissing, and the only thing that stopped me jumping on him there and then was my own need to pee, becoming stronger by the second. As he stepped out of his underwear I stepped past him into the shower cubicle, feeling his warm piss beneath my feet as it trickled slowly down the drain hole.

It was my turn, and I was determined to make the best of it. I commanded him to watch as I hitched up my skirt at the front and placed my feet a foot and a half or so apart. It took me a few seconds to get started, nerves I guess, but once I started to feel the warm wet feeling grow in the tartan cotton I knew I wasn't going to stop. Paul's face lit up as my pee formed a pool in my knickers and trickled down the insides of my legs, the dark patch on my underwear growing rapidly. The trickle stopped running down my smooth thighs and formed into a rush of piss pouring from my saturated knickers on to the floor of the shower as I relieved the pressure on my aching bladder. Before I'd finished Paul asked if I could stop myself, and I tightened my muscles as hard as I could and managed to slow the flood to a trickle again.

Paul moved into the shower with me, lifted me up under the arms and held me as I wrapped my legs around his waist and let go once more. We both almost came from the sensation of my piss running over both of our bodies, the moist warmth that cascaded over his dick making him so aroused he slid it between my thighs and gasped with the eroticism of it all. As I finished pissing I rubbed myself along his dick, enjoying the sensation of the sopping wet material rubbing against my clit. He obviously enjoyed it too, as when he put me down I could see a drip of cum forming at the tip of his penis.

Reaching between my thighs, he hooked the sopping crotch of my knickers to one side, pressing the last amber drops out of the material and down my leg, before thrusting himself inside of me desperately. I could feel the cold tiles of the shower against my back, but I didn't care as we fucked each other senseless, cumming simultaneously. Every muscle in my body felt like jelly, and Paul carried me to the bed, still deep inside me, not even starting to, ahem... "cool down". As he lowered the pair of us together onto the duvet, we carried on where we had left off, and continued until we were both exhausted by orgasm upon orgasm.

As I said above, this story is true, and only the names have been changed. This was a few months ago, and we've carried on with our interest in watersports. Maybe we'll write about some more incidents in the future...

