Kevin Blackwell was closing up his registration booth at the Architectural Convention. It was a Thursday afternoon, nearing five o'clock, and he had spent a long week as a volunteer. While Kevin, a divorced man of 45, lived in Melbourne, and had taken the opportunity to assist at the convention in Perth to be able to enjoy a bit of holiday on the west coast and spend some time with his sister, who lived in the area. He had spent most of the week handing out information packets, answering questions, and recording registration details for the attendees, who had come from various parts of the world. Kevin relished meeting those who came from far places and helping them to understand a bit of the host country.
Now it was time to close up. The convention events had officially ended, though some of the attendees would be spending a bit more time in the area. A tour had been set up Friday to take some to the Yanchep park to the north, visiting some of the northern suburbs in the process. Kevin would not be involved in this, and now he had only to close up his activity and he would be free for the weekend, planning to return to Victoria on Sunday.
As he placed the remaining literature in a box, a friendly face became visible. Reading her name tag, he recognized her as Grace Faircloth, one the Americans attending, and one of the small number of women. Grace had spoken to him almost every day at his booth, and they had exchanged thoughts about each other's homelands. Grace was a bit older, perhaps fifty or so, he judged, from her features and her graying black hair. She was clearly a professional, well spoken, graceful, friendly, and not unattractive for an older woman. She was slender, tall, nicely dressed and well groomed.
"Hi, Kevin!" she cheerily greeted him. "End of a long week for you? Glad it's over?" 
"G'day, Mrs. Faircloth. Now you know I've loved every minute of it. Great group of people. Now I'm afraid I have to close up and head back east on Sunday. Going to miss all these friends I've made, though. You taking the tour tomorrow?"
"No, I don't think so. I've had enough of construction styles and engineering details, and now I I think I just want to see a bit of Perth. They didn't give us much time to get out – and it's a beautiful city. I think I'll take the day to visit a few local sights, and perhaps see a bit of the beaches – I understand they are marvelous this time of year!"
"Indeed! It's February, and this weekend the summer crowds will have them all filled. Been down to Freemantle, or over to Rottnest? There's lots to see here!"
"I know", Grace continued. "I have a lady friend her with me who's trying to decide whether to take the tour tomorrow. Maybe I can get her to go with me – I've never been to this part of Australia before. I'm from Kansas City, and, well, we don't have beaches or seashores; and when I get home it's likely to be snowing! Right now I'm happy to leave my husband to clear the walks and enjoy a bit of the sun!"
"Mrs. Faircloth, you know the beaches down to the south are the nicest, but it's a ways to go. Have you arranged transportation?"
He advised her on her bus travel options, even the possibility of the two women renting a car. She considered his suggestions. Then a thought occurred to him.
"Mrs. Faircloth, you know I have the day free tomorrow. I'd love the chance to show you two a bit of the city, including the beaches. I have a car to use while I'm here, and I'd really enjoy the chance! I can assure you both I'm quite safe, and I would really enjoy the chance to show you some of this fantastic place. " He wondered a bit if his offer might be taken as an improper suggestion, and he immediately felt a bit embarrassed. He waited for her response.
"It's very generous of you to offer, but it's too much to expect, after all you've done here this week. Right now, I'm not sure what Linda will want to do tomorrow, and you will be closed up shortly!"
They engaged in a bit of light exchange about the convention, but then Grace returned to his offer.
"Kevin, I really do like your offer for tomorrow– that is, if Linda would be interested. Would you seriously like to take us around? I would insist on buying you lunch and taking care of the car fuel, of course. But it would be quite an adventure – two women with a very personal local guide. But, it really would be too much..."
"Not at all, Mrs. Faircloth. It would be an adventure for me as well."
"Kevin, please call me Grace. My friend will be Linda. You may not remember her, but she's been here as well. Let's see – we'd love to see the parks along the river– it's so pretty down there; and King's Park, and if you know where we could see the famous black swans, and those magnificent beaches, and– but, I'm setting up too big an agenda for you. Yes, it would be fun!"
They agreed to meet in the hotel lobby at nine Friday morning. Kevin was delighted. These ladies would be great company, and he did like to show off Australia to visitors. 
Friday morning, Kevin arrived in the lobby. His car was parked in the hotel carpark, and he looked around for the two American women. The day was bright and sunny, and quite warm. It promised to be an enjoyable occasion.
Suddenly he spotted Grace. She was looking a bit different. Gone was the elegant business suit which she had worn for the convention. She was wearing a light blue print dress, belted, with short sleeves. Her legs were bare and she wore flat heeled casual shoes, suited, he judged, to a bit of walking. She carried a canvas bag.
As she approached Kevin, her manner seemed a bit depressed. "G'day, Kevin! Did I do that right? I'm sorry – I have good news and bad news. The good is I'm here, looking forward to getting out a bit. The bad is that I couldn't talk Linda into it – she's taking the tour to Yanchep. Would you mind terribly if I'm your only passenger? I suppose I should have canceled, but I didn't know how to reach you, and after you made the plans for us, well, I didn't want to seem ungrateful!"
"I'm delighted!" Kevin began. "Sorry about Linda. You can tell her about it later. Ready?"
She nodded. As they headed to the carpark, he outlined an itinerary for the day. She beamed with enthusiasm, obviously looking forward to the adventure.
They started out. He explained, "You wanted to see the black swans, so I'm taking you up to Lake Monger to start. There are several places around the lake where we can get out and see them. Then we'll go along the parklands and see the city from the river. We'll go by Kings Park, and we can go back there later. I know you want to see the beaches and Freemantle, so we'll go there and give you a little beach time. It's a beautiful day for it!"
Grace was delighted. They proceeded to the lake, parked, and walked out to the Lake Shore. kevin pointed out to her the black swans, swimming with other wildlife. Obviously amused, she took off her shoes and tried to wade out closer to the swans, but Kevin held her back. "It's not for swimming, or wading", he pointed out, "unless you're a swan or a duck!" They watched for a while. Grace observed the day was warm, and she felt thirsty. They found a kiosk, and she purchased a half dozen cans of soda. Sitting together, she promptly downed two of them herself, to his one. Refreshed, they resumed their tour.
He drove her past the city waterfront, and through Kings Park, pointing out the monuments and observation points, but noting, "If you want, we can come back here when we return to the city. This is just to give you an overview!"
Feeling the heat, Grace reached for another drink as they headed south. "I'm using up all the sodas, Kevin; think we should get some more for the beach? I'm sure it will be warm!" Agreeing, he stopped at a small store where they replenished the supply.
As they headed toward the beach area, he commented, "Too bad you didn't come with bathers – you might enjoy a swim in the Indian Ocean. Bet you've never had one."
"No, I think I can enjoy just putting my feet in the water. And watching the others! But, well, while we're going to the beach area, Kevin, could I make a request? You may think it's a bit odd, though!"
"What, Grace? You couldn't be odd. What do you want?"
"Well, I've heard there's one beach – is it Swanbourne? I understand there's one where people don't have to wear bathing suits! Now, that would be really strange where I come from, and it may sound a bit kinky, but I'd love to see it if we could! Do you know where it is?"
Kevin was just a little stunned. This was not the kind of interest he expected an older lady to show. "Are you sure you want to go to that kind of beach? Yes, I know about where it is, but you might not be comfortable there. Some Australians like that kind of thing, we call them 'free beaches' , but, well, if you want to..."
"It just piques my curiosity! I can't imagine people going around without clothes on! It's just that I never saw anything like it? Could we go there and just walk, or do we have to.... well, do we have to comply with the dress code to just visit? I'm not up to that!"
Kevin seemed a bit relieved. "No, I think bathers are optional. You can walk on the beach, dressed any way you want. Look, if you really want to, I can find it for you."
"Oh, thanks. It's not too much trouble, really, is it? It would a kind of beach that would be so different!"
He took to turnoff toward the area. They followed the beach road north a bit. She was sweating in the heat, and as they neared the parking area she drew another can of drink and began gulping it down. They parked the car in a spot adjoining the beach area. She tossed the empty can into a litter bin, then asked, "Can I leave my shoes in the car? I won't need them to walk on the beach, will I?"
"No, they will quite safe in the car. Might ought to take the drinks, though. You seem to be going through a lot of them!" Kevin had been watching his own liquid consumption, not wanting to be in the position of having to find a toilet at an inconvenient spot, but Grace didn't seem to be concerned. He mentally calculated that she had consumed at least four cans in the last two hours.
They started down the beach, and walked out to the water. He pointed out the direction of Africa, noting that Rottnest Island, yet invisible, was considerably closer. Grace was impressed, feeling the sand ooze between her toes, dipping her feet into the water as a wave rushed in.
She surveyed the numerous people in the water and on the beach. "Glad we came today, and not tomorrow. On Saturday there probably won't be a bare spot on the sand. But, hey, what's with the dress rules? All these people are dressed just about like they would be at home!" 
"The free beach area is a bit to the north. You'll have to walk a bit to get there. Sure you want to?"
"I wouldn't miss it! I hate to admit it, but I really want to see this!" They plodded along the beach, heading north. The number of bathers diminished noticeably, and after they had gone a quarter mile or so, a sign became visible marking a sector of the beach beyond. "That's the sign for the free beach area – beyond the sign, you can wear whatever you want, or nothing if you want!"
The two of them walked barefooted along the water. Kevin had rolled up his pants a bit, while Grace's skirt was at knee length, well above the low water they walked through. Suddenly she let out an exclamation. "Look – there are people down there that don't have suits on! I can see them!" She seemed excited.
They entered the free beach area. Kevin was a bit embarrassed, seeing male beachgoers lazing in the sun and walking about totally unclad. Somehow he wished Grace hadn't wanted to see this. His shyness at the situation was unnoticed by her, as she unabashedly stared at the undressed males in the area. To be sure, there were some wearing suits and even shirts and shorts, but most were lying around, walking, or swimming totally unclothed. "I never saw so many men with nothing on!" she commented, taking it all in thoroughly, then commented, "Gosh, why are there so few women? I only see three or four without – well, the others are dressed in something!"
Kevin, feeling obligated to comment, observed, "I suppose men are more comfortable doing this than women. There are a lot more of them here. How would you feel?"
"I wouldn't have believed it. All these men, young ones, older ones – some my age! And, look, there's a woman who must be my age, too! Well, now I don't feel so alone! I wonder if she's enjoying the sights as much as I am?"
Kevin, a bit shocked by Grace's open interest in male nudity, was almost silent in comparison to her exuberance. He had not expected a fiftyish woman to be showing such interest. He was further embarrassed by her continued observations on male anatomy. "Look at that one – a bit of a belly, and you can hardly see his equipment under it! There's such variety – some stick out, and others are all shrunk up. There's some all covered with hair so you can hardly see anything, and others – well, they like a neat as young boys!" Kevin felt like he would like to disappear temporarily, while his guest enjoyed the displays of male bodies.
The beach was quite long, and walked slowly along the shoreline, Grace not missing a single opportunity to gaze on male anatomy. Kevin commented only briefly, sometimes in an effort to change the subject. "These guys must enjoy showing off – there aren't that many women for them to look at. I'm glad you're enjoying the scenery!" Kevin tried to remain the gracious host.
Grace considered his point. "You're right! You know, it's not fair! Here I am enjoying all these sights, and believe me, I wouldn't have missed this! But there aren't many women, and it isn't fair. I don't think I can continue this, Kevin, it isn't right!"
"Not right?" he looked at her, questioning her thoughts. 
"I'm embarrassed. Here I am in clothes, looking at all those fellows with nothing on, and enjoying it! I don't know if I can do this, but I've got to try to be fair– it's not right for me to be looking, and not showing anything. Kevin, you've been such a good host, would I embarrass you if I took off my dress?"
Kevin knew not what to say. He just gave her a blank look. She led him up the beach, a bit away from the water. She unfastened her belt, and drew it off. She began unbuttoning her dress. She stopped, and looked directly at him. "I never did this before – never! But I've come here, and I just have to be fair. My conscience would bother me if I looked at all these men and never gave them an opportunity to see me, even if I'm not much to look at. Shouldn't I be fair, Kevin?"
Her logic befuddled him. He could think of nothing to say. Yet the thought of this woman, probably ten years his senior, stripping in front of him on a public beach, was at least a little exciting. He wondered if she would expect him to follow suit. He wasn't ready for that.
The dress fell from her shoulders, and she stepped out of it, facing up the beach, deliberately turned towards the numerous people lying and standing on the sand. She neatly folded the dress, then slipped it into her bag. She stood and faced him, in a white bra and cotton panties. Her hands reached behind her back, unhooking the bra. She dropped it from her shoulders. She stood up, smiling at him, her white breasts exposed. There was not a touch of sun tan on her body, and the tips of her breasts accented the whiteness with their touches of pinkish brown. Her breasts had dropped noticeably when the bra came off. They were not large, and drooped noticeably, their darker tips pointing a bit downward. A prominent mole was noticeable on the side of her left breast; otherwise her skin seemed unblemished. 
She reached down, grasped the panties and in one motion pulled them down and off. She took the bra and panties and stuffed them rather clumsily into her bag. She drew a canned drink from the bag at the some time, opened it, and, standing facing the people on the beach, began to gulp down her drink.
She made no effort to conceal her body, in fact standing with legs apart and her black pubic hair prominently displayed. There was no evidence she had trimmed it in any way.
"You don't know how embarrassed I am", she commented, "but it's the only fair thing to do. Now I can look at the men and not feel I am somehow taking advantage of them. I really didn't think I could do this, but I did it. Kevin, am I making you feel awful?"
Kevin put the best face on the situation. "No, Grace, I'm glad you're having a good time. Obviously you like this place, and you're not bad looking yourself. Anyway you don't look uncomfortable!"
"Actually, I am.," Grace responded. "It isn't because I don't have any clothes on, although that's hard for me to get used to, but I'll try. I am getting uncomfortable because I need a ladies' room. Are there any out here?"
"You mean a toilet?" Kevin inquired. "No, not out here. Maybe back beyond the parking area–"
"Then I'll just have to wait!" Grace didn't seem overly concerned.
Kevin was concerned, His bladder was quite full, and he knew Grace had drunk more than he had. He could understand her distress more than her nonchalance about it.
They sat on the beach for awhile, enjoying the natural beauty of the scene, as well as the anatomical attractions. Somehow Kevin felt a bit odd, sitting, dressed, next to a naked lady, obviously his senior by a few years. At one point Grace rose from her perch, and waded into the water. She went in only thigh deep, wandered around, then came back to Kevin. "At least I can say I've been in the Indian Ocean," she commented happily.
It was now just after noon. The sun was high, and hot. Grace, despite her physical complaints, had been drinking continually. As time went on, she turned again to Kevin, and asked, "I'm getting to where I do need a ladies' toilet rather badly. Do people have to walk all the way back, beyond the carpark, for the facilities? Seems like a long walk!"
"Grace, on a free beach, people don't have to take off their clothes, or anything like that – mostly they already have them off. So they can just use the sand or the ocean–" he was a bit flustered, trying to explain the solution to a delicate problem.
Grace didn't like the suggestion. "You mean – in the sand, or in the ocean? In front of everybody?" She made a sour face, implying her disgust at the idea. "I couldn't! Not like that! Not in public! It's disgusting, and , anyway, it's unsanitary!" She shook her head negatively.
Now Kevin was feeling distress. He was half hoping she would have accepted his implied suggestion, as that would have given him an opening to relieve himself while with her, something he increasingly needed to do. Now he feared her contempt if he made any effort in that direction.
At length, she seemed to have satisfied her curiosity, and seemed ready to depart. Or, perhaps, Kevin thought, her bladder was demanding relief and she was now ready to seek an appropriate place. They discussed their next destination.
"Why don't we pick up a bit to eat the kiosk back there, and then head down to Freemantle, so see a bit of the old port?" She nodded agreement. "You'll need to put your clothes on," he reminded her. She rose, brushed the sand off her body, and reached into her bag. She retrieved her dress, shook it out, and asked Kevin to hold it for her. Then she reached in for her belt, and began to draw it out. Something had snagged on it. She seemed unable to release it, and finally gave it a firm jerk, and it came loose. She retrieved her panties and stepped into them, then pulled them up.
She looked in the bag for her bra, and started to draw it out. Again there was a snag. She tugged slightly, and it came loose. She held it up, one strap now torn completely loose. She looked at it with a frown. "Darn! I can't wear that – I'd look ridiculous held up on one side and the other slopping around!" She looked at Kevin. He just shrugged. "Sorry, I don't carry spare bras", he laughed.
She put the bra back in the bag, and put on the dress, wearing just her panties under it. She placed her belt around her waist, and buckled it. They started back down the beach, toward the carpark.
"Well, it could have been worse. You might have torn your dress. Anyway, lot's of women go braless!" He was trying to reassure her.
"Not women my age, and not with superstructures that sag and swing like mine! I don't want to ruin our day, but I won't be able to walk around in any public areas like this! Will you go in and get a sandwich or something for me? I just couldn't go in a kiosk like this!"
Kevin smiled to himself a bit. Here was a lady who had insisted on disrobing in public so she could be naked on the beach, but shouldn't walk in a public place without a bra under her dress. He was inwardly laughing at her inconsistency. He did try to reassure her. "I think you look great, and maybe you're too sensitive. Who's going to care?"
"I will care. You're being nice, Kevin, but you've seen me without anything on, so I suppose you're over the shock. I know I look sloppy, and you can't convince me otherwise. You're just being nice to make me feel better, but I'm not walking around without a bra. And I'm not using the ocean for a toilet! Gee, I hope there's one back by the carpark! Boy, I don't have much more room down there!"
They got back to the carpark. The car was parked near the beach path, and Grace entered in, holding her hands across her chest as the walked. At the car, she put on her shoes, and looked around for a toilet. She spotted a sign for "toilets" at the far end of the carpark, near where a crowd of people was milling around in front of some shops and stands of street vendors. "No way", she said, slipping into her seat. "Kevin, here's some money for the lunch – can you pick us up a couple of sandwiches at the kiosk?" 
Kevin took her cash, reluctantly, for he knew she wanted to share in the expenses, and went for the sandwiches. He gave thought to running for the toilets, himself, for his bladder was now sending him strong distress signals, but it seemed unchivalrous to satisfy his own need when she was remaining unrelieved.
A few minutes later, he was back with the sandwiches. "Sure you don't want to use the toilets?" he asked her, before he started the car.
"I'm not walking through that crowd with my top swinging around!" she said, rather finally. "I'll just have to hold it. But if you need to go, go ahead! I know you probably have your own need!"
"No – if you have to hold, I will, too! Australian bladders ought to be as good as American bladders!" he tried to make a joke of the situation, concealing his own distress.
"Especially well aged American bladders!" she replied, laughing a bit at herself. "Well, I can hold a little while if I have to. Let's go!" 
They ate their sandwiches as they drove. He took the route to Freemantle, hoping to show her the port area and a bit of the city, but first hoping to find a toilet in an area isolated enough that she would feel comfortable using it. Well, he thought, we will just see how long this goes on – when she's really bursting, she won't care whether she's wearing a bra on not. Women and their ideas of modesty! 
It was three in the afternoon as they drove around Freemantle. He tried to stop in the port par area, where there were public toilets, but she would have none of it. Too many people around, she said. Her need, however, was getting compelling. She was frequently pressing her hand into her crotch area to restrain her bladder from emptying. His need was just as bad. He was almost ready to stop the car and use a toilet without her, or even stand beside the car on the road and relieve himself. Chivalry, he was thinking, can only be carried so far. If she wants to torture herself–
She read his thoughts. "Kevin, just take care of yourself! I'll try to hold until we can a place where I won't have to walk in front of people. But you don't need to put your self through this because of me! Just find a place for yourself!"
Pride, even national pride, was getting in his way, however. "I'll hold as long as you have to! If you can do it, I can! My bladder ought to be as strong as yours!"
"Bet it's not as hard as mine! Want to feel mine?" she asked, half in jest.
It was too much of an offer to refuse. He stopped the car briefly, and reached toward her. She took his hand and placed it on her abdomen, just below her navel. "Feel it?" she asked. He pressed slightly, seeing her wince. "Don't push on it, please!" she begged. He could feel the hardness, like a grapefruit or even a small cannon ball, absolutely solid.
"Still think you can hold as well as I can?" She was at once sounding both a bit erotic and obviously distressed. "You're awfully hard. I don't know how long I can wait! We've got to find a place!" he answered, trying to be calm.
"Kevin, you said you'd take us back to the Kings Park area – there were lots of trees there along the park roads. You get us there and I'll make you a bet that I can hold longer than you can! If you lose, I want to watch you do it right there under the trees! What would you like me to do if I lose?"
Kevin thought a moment about the proposition. "I could ask you to walk around a bit without a bra, but I've seen that– and I've seen you walk around without anything on. Tell you what – if you lose, I'll hold your dress for you there under the trees while you – you do it – standing up in front of me! Nothing on! That'd be a site to see!" 
"Agreed!" She smiled through her obvious desperation. "But we'd better get there before we both spring a leak here in the car!"
Within minutes they were in the park area. Kevin drove around until he found a parking place in the wooded area. Parking the car, he stepped out, and held the door for Grace to exit.
"Should we go over there?" Grace indicated an area heavily covered with bushes, just a bit away from the road. He nodded, locked the car, and followed her. He could see she was fidgeting noticeably as she walked, her physical discomfort apparent. Not surprising, he thought, as he considered his own.
They proceeded perhaps thirty yards into the bush covered area. Grace, leading, stopped and turned to Kevin. "Shall we hold – I mean wait – here?" She laughed a bit at her slip of tongue.
Kevin looked at her for moment, gripping herself with her hands reaching to her pubic area, now unshaken by any concept of modesty. As her body trembled a bit, her breasts, unrestrained by any bra, quivered. 
He tried to distract her with a bit of a commentary on the park and its surroundings. For a few minutes they were able to talk of rather mundane subjects, though it was obvious her discomfort was approaching its limits.
Kevin, straining to control his own full bladder, considered that he was losing the contest. Just as he started to speak to admit to it, she pressed her hand against her stomach and announced, "Kevin, I just can't hold it any longer – I've got to give up – where do you want me to go?"
"Why – right here's fine!" he remarked, finding it hard to believe his ears.
Not waiting for any command from him, she kicked off her shoes and began unfastening her dress. She hung it on a nearby bush, then in a single rapid motion, pulled off her panties. She stood facing him, naked, her body trembling a bit, her breasts shaking visibly. 
"Ready?" she asked.
He nodded. She relaxed herself, looking directly at him. She spread her legs a bit, then asked him "Can I squat some? It would be easier – or do you want me to stand?"
"Standing looks great–" he said, softly, nervously, looking at her pubic region. She nodded and held her pose.
Gradually a stream began to pour from her. At first it ran down the inside of her leg, then as it became stronger poured out from he, almost straight down. It struck the ground with a splash and began to spatter over her bare feet. She stood, frozen, virtually in shame at what she was doing. Her eyes never left his. His eyes never left her crotch, as he watched her profuse discharge. Both of them seemed locked in a perverse fascination at what she was doing in front of him.
Gradually her stream ended. She hardly knew what to do. "I didn't bring anything to wipe with – and I need to!" she commented slowly, now looking down at herself.
He felt through his pockets. "I don't have anything with me – maybe back in the car–" he gestured toward the direction of the road. Suddenly his own need seemed overpowering, and he spoke out to her of it. "You almost won – I was at the point of giving up! Now I need to––" he didn't quite know what to say.
Grace, standing naked, and making no move toward her own clothing now hanging on a bush, came a bit closer to him. "Why don't you just go ahead? I'd like that!"
He needed no further invitation. He began to unfasten his pants, starting to turn away from her in a gesture of modesty, then realized that at this particular moment modesty was not the most appropriate behavior. He simply faced her, but his eyes averted hers, as they focused downward. He withdrew his penis, and tried to relax his sphincter muscles.
This time her eyes were the ones that fixed on anatomical features. She stared openly at his organ, becoming slightly erect under her glance, as his urine stream began. He couldn't bring himself to look at her, knowing she was staring at his private parts. He concentrated on his need for relief, now slowed a bit by his obvious arousal.
He held his position, his penis extending almost straight out, and projecting a stream that embarrassed him further but its distance. She watched the performance as though she were a schoolgirl sneaking a peek. It was he who seemed flustered and distressed at the loss of modesty in this private act, yet it was she who was standing unclothed. Gradually he grasped the irony of it, and he brought himself to look at her face.
She smiled and came a bit closer. "Let me help you," she said, and, very gently, reached out to hold his discharging penis in her hand, replacing his own. He couldn't imagine her doing this, and could think of no response. He just let her hold until his stream ceased. At that point she released her grip and stepped back. She turned and reached for her clothes as he fastened his pants.
Without further words, she dressed and the two of them returned to the car. They entered, and he drove them away.
They exchanged only a few pleasantries as they returned to the hotel. He pulled the car up to the front of the hotel. She opened her door, starting to exit.
"I'll be leaving. I may not see you again – but thanks for a great, a really wonderful day– thanks for everything. I mean everything!" She smiled and withdrew from the car.
He was at a loss for the right words. "Loved every minute of it", he answered. "Every minute – and if you get back here, I'll hope to ... to see you!" She closed the door and began to pull away.
"Can't believe it!" he thought to himself. "She's a lady like I never met before!" He shook his head as he drove away.
Francine