Making her wait... (Part 2)

by Sean, November 1994

In my previous recounting I discussed how my last girlfriend and I began exploring WS territories together. Before I dive back into that a little more background info about the both of us is in order.

I met her shortly after getting out of a pretty sexually un-fun marriage at age 29. She was 24. She had mostly been with very traditional guys who were hyper posessive, e.g. didn't like her dressing to look too appealing in public and certainly didn't like her wild side. She was shy-seeming in many ways, but _definitely_ had a wild side.

She'd also had a bit of a history of cheating on her lovers. She needed the security of a relationship but was quite highly sexed and craved a little more variety in her sex life. So she had occasionally stepped out when she thought she could get away with it. Her ex-boyfriends tended to be kinda threatened by her rather active sex drive for this reason I think. (She was cheating on her boyfriend when the two of us first got together as a matter of fact.)

I was ready for a mid-life crisis, she was ready for some fun! All the ingredients! 

In addition to introducing her to WS, we explored a variety of other areas, mixing and matching as appropriate. I might get to some of that if I decide to post some more "dear diary" stuff to this group. Back to WS...

She "took to the water" quite nicely after she got over the initial strangeness of it. It began to be a regular part of our sex play.

As I mentioned in my last post, I got her into wetting her clothing pretty early on. But it was still intentional. It was a while before we got to where she actually wet her pants accident style. Somehow that's psychologically quite a bit different. But we were having plenty of fun just taking it to the edge and then alleviating the distress in unusual spots and/or situations.

We would do what we came to call "playing hold it" where she would drink lots and wait as long as she could. Frequently she'd get dressed up all sexy for the more planned "hold it" sessions. Other times, the situation just kind of developed naturally.

One time we had decided a day or so in advance that we'd go out on Friday night and have her play "hold it" in public. We'd been mostly doing things in private or secluded surroundings. In anticipation of the event we held off having sex. Actually, we didn't hold off completely. We screwed at nite on Wednesday and Thursday, but I wouldn't let her "finish". I refrained myself as well. I like doing that-- kinda strange I know, but exquisite torture, in many ways not all that dissimilar a group of sensations from holding a full bladder.

In any case, we were pretty wound up by Friday night. She put on a short, tight little miniskirt, a tight top, dark hose, and heels. While not exactly the ultra-tramp look, it was certainly quite sexy. We planned on going to a local meat market bar where this type of attire wouldn't appear out of place, and where we hopefully wouldn't be known. Prior to leaving the house she also drank a couple glasses of water to prime the pumps :)

It was already fairly late by the time we finally got out of the house what with all the outfit assemblage. The atmosphere at the club was already fairly drunk when we arrived. We set to drinking to catch up, her ordering water on the side as well. We sat and people-watched and chatted.

I let her know that if she got too bad off too early that I'd take her somewhere and let her go just a little, but that I wouldn't let her go into the regular facilities. First off, I couldn't watch in there, and second I didn't quite trust her to have the willpower to stop when she should :)

After a couple of drinks she was beginning to complain and shift position more frequently. She began to ask where she was going to get to go. And when. I demured. She was beginning to get more persistent and was starting to exhibit more visible signs of need, squirming in her chair.

Soon she was pointedly asking to leave to go somewhere so she could ease her situation. She was sitting tightly cross legged, bouncing her one leg on top of the other. I told her she still had to wait some more. She was starting to look like she wasn't having much fun and she even began to get a little crabby.

More time passed. She had fallen silent and was now starting to shoot me dark looks. She asked again to go pee, but I told her I thought she should hold it some more. More squirming ensued, and more increasing dark looks. 

Finally she told me she absolutely couldn't hold out any longer and that we must get going immediately. So we got up and headed out. She glanced longingly at the women's restroom on the way out, but there was a pretty long line there so it would not have done her much good.

She waited while I unlocked the car. There's hardly a more beautiful sight than watching a long legged woman in a short skirt and heels shifting from foot to foot and squirming. She got in the car and was frantically urging me to get going to somewhere that she could go, probably assuming I was going to take her to a park or an alley or something of that nature.

Instead, I produced a small cup from the glove box that I'd stashed there. It was a rediculously small vessel, probably only about 4-6 ounces or so. I instructed her to get her pantyhose down (she wasn't wearing panties cuz you don't want visible panty lines with such a tight skirt).

She tugged her skirt up and wiggled her pantyhose down but she was looking very dubiously at this little cup. She said she didn't know how she was going to hit such a small thing. I told her she'd just have to be careful.

She scooted forward on the car seat, spread her legs, and held the cup in front of her aching pussy. I don't know that she hit the cup more than she missed it, releasing her pee in short furious bursts, each burst seeming to go a different direction. She was moaning from the sweet agony of getting a few drops of relief but then having to squeeze off the flow.

She filled the little cup to the brim. I told her to empty it out her door which she did. I scolded her for getting the floor wet and suggested that now she was all better and ready to go. She asked if she could please go just a little more. I hesistated but finally agreed. She filled the cup one more time although again she got a fair amount on the floor of the car. I admonished her for peeing on the floor again although certainly there was no way she could be doing any better. But having to try was forcing her to perform some excruciating bladder control. I threathened to not let her use the cup anymore later if she couldn't do better aiming. She promised to try harder.

Now I asked her again if she was all better. She grudgingly said yes, but without much conviction, but it had been enough to take the edge off and we set off for another club.

It was a bit of a ride to the next bar and by the time we got there, she was complaining of being in need again. She asked if she could please just fill the cup up one more time. I said OK under the condition she had to stay for at least two drinks then. She agreed and quickly getting her hose down and squirting until the cup was overflowing. She seemed to be having more trouble stemming the flow, and pee flowed over the sides of the little cup getting the car floor still wetter. I feigned anger saying she still missed the cup too much-- definitely no more using the cup for her that night! She straightened her clothes, emptied the cup out, and we went in.

It was much louder and noisier and we were forced to stand. I got us both drinks. I sipped my drink slowly while she drank hers more quickly in hopes that we'd get to leave sooner. It didn't take long before she was back to a state of desperation. But I got her another drink reminding her of the agreement. She finished her second drink quickly again. I nursed my drink prolonging her agony. She was getting quite drunk. She took to kind of pretending to half dance where we stood to cover her wiggling and squirming. She was begging me to take her back to the parking lot so she could use the little cup. She said she'd go anywhere I wanted her too but could we please leave.

She apparently felt the need in increasing waves. She'd be frantic for a while and then would relax and seem better for a few minutes, and then she be squirming and biting her lip again. At one point she grabbed my hand and was digging her nails into my palm very hard.

She was talking a lot now, pleading to leave, and then saying lots of other stuff that didn't seem to quite make sense. She was almost in a state of panic.

I finally finished my drink and we departed. She skittered as quickly as she could in her heels across the parking lot to the car. She couldn't quite seem to stand up straight, standing bent at the waist and wringing her hands and squirming.

We got in the car and she pleaded to use the cup but I told her she'd have to wait until she got home now. She was tugging at her skirt and trying to grab the cup which I was holding just out of her reach. I sternly told her that she was a big girl and that I was sure she could make it home.

On the drive home she kept imploring me to pull over and finally she became so frantically vocal I pulled over by an open vacant lot. There was no cover whatsoever and I thought she'd refuse. But she didn't even hesistate. She jumped from the car. She took about three steps yanking her skirt up and tugging at her pantyhose as she went. She dropped into a squat. She gushed for maybe close to a minute.

She got back into the car saying "Oh god, that felt so good". She'd been holding it for a long time and I'm sure it was terribly welcome relief. I climbed over to the passenger side and screwed her right there. Everything was wet. The floor of the car was damp, her thighs were dripping, her soaked panytyhose was bunched around her ankles, and her pussy was soaking. We had a frantic, intense fuck both of us coming to climax in spite of the cramped quarters.

You know, it's so strange doing stuff like that, cuz one moment you're insane wild crazy people, and then almost immediately after you climax you look around at the pee all over, the garb, and the situation and you just end up giggling at yourselves. Sometimes we'd even think "Well, that was enough of that-- we won't need to do that nutty thing again". But it always seems to swing back around anyhow... you probably know what I'm talking about.

