As she watched her mom pull out of the driveway, Becca could hardly contain her excitement. She had waited all morning for this. She had started the day by drinking lots and lots of coffee, telling her mom that she needed to wake herself up to study for her finals. As she sat down at the computer now, she started to look at sites with pictures– pictures of girls wetting their panties, pictures of girls masturbating, and even pictures of girls humping each other. How she longed to do the same. Her clit began to tingle.
Her mom had told her to do the laundry. Now she had a wonderful idea. She made her way into the laundry room, and decided to do a load of jeans. She picked up the first pair, and put them on. She shoved her hands into her pants, and peed all over her hand and into the jeans. She did the same with a few more pairs, until she was empty, and then shoved a few more pairs in and turned on the machine.
She went and drank a few glasses of water, and then realized she was still wearing the last pair of jeans she had wet. She walked over to the full–length mirror in her living room, and looked at herself from different angles, bending over to look at her soaked ass. All of a sudden the doorbell rang, and she looked through the glass door to see her friend Dara at the door, staring at her with eyes wide open.
She went to answer the door, and then realized what she was wearing. She screamed, and ran to change her clothes, still leaving Dara at the door. When she returned, she was as red as blood.
— What was that all about? –Dara asked.
— What are you talking about? –Becca replied.
— The wet jeans. What, did you piss yourself?
— Umm...well...um...yes I did actually.
— You looked like you enjoyed it.
— I did not!
— Mmhmm. And you know what? I enjoyed it too. Dara took Becca's hand and led her to the kitchen table. She placed Becca on her lap.
— So, Baby Becca, if you are going to piss yourself like a baby, I may have to treat you like one.
— Oh no, Mommy Dara, I'll be good, if you will let me go pee again.
— No. Bad little girls must be punished.
Dara turned Becca around and kissed her hard. Becca was surprised at this. She didn't consider herself a lesbian, but she was extremely turned on by her childhood friend. She returned the kiss with passion. Dara turned Becca back around, so her back was to her, and Dara slid her hands into the leggings that Becca had changed into.
— No Dara. I have to pee. Hold on.
— I told you no. Now, pee on my hand.
— I won't.
— You will. Do as your mommy tells you.
— Fine then...I can't with your hand there.
— Well I won't move it.
Dara pressed her hand against Becca's panties and massaged gently, pressing harder and harder and moving faster and faster, until Becca shook and let loose a river into Dara's lap.
— Well Becca, you are a very messy baby. We need to go change your clothes. Then we need to go to the market, I have some errands to run.
— Yes Mommy.
Dara and Becca cleaned themselves up, and left in Dara's car. They decided to go to the movies to see the latest flick. They shared a seat again, this time Dara on top of Becca.
— Well my baby, it seems that Mommy needs a pee as well.
— Well Mommy, you're the boss. With that, Dara let loose the most erotic flow she had ever let loose.
— Dara, I love you.
— I love you too Becks.
— Let me show you how much I love you. Becca wriggled out from underneath Dara, and preceded to go down on her, right there in the movie theater. She flicked Dara's clit with her tongue, feeling Dara shake and shiver. Dara pressed Becca's face into her clit, until she came in Becca's mouth, and peed again.
— You know what Becks?
— What Dee?
— I think this is my favorite movie of all time.
Dribblets