Title: True Story
	Entry to: Month 29
By: James Kirk

My story is a true one that happened one News Years eve night after my guy and I went to a party. We had quite a bit to drink and become quite horny after being out most of the night. Here it goes.

Bob and I left the party early at 1 am as the party was getting bored. He kept touching me all over and he was getting me hot and I made him take us home. The drive home is about 1 hour and is acrually did not seem that long as we lept ourselves busy by flirting with each other. Yes Bob was driving drunk and should not have driven, I can offer no excuses for that stupid act nor can I chnage what was done just we will never do that again. Bob is 25 years old and is quite handsome with a very sexy body. I am a 24 year old attractive female so they tell me. Bob was wearing tight jeans with white boxer shorts, his jeans were so tight that you could see the shape of his body. I was wearing a skirt with pink cotton panties. As we got closer to home the urge to pee was there but not all that bad so I just ignored it, I guess too much beer made me not care.

When we got to our apartment, we lived togethor and are not married, Bob started to carress me so nicely and his hands were all over me making me very hot. We ended us on our bed and we were getting quite passoniate when a wave of having to pee came over me. I did not say anything as we were into this so much that I did not want to upset Bob as he is the kind of guy that is things stop then thats it until later. When the wave hit I had to keep my legs tight wile Bob played with my breasts, he really was got at this. Then he went lower and started to feel between my legs and he made me spread them

"Oh no".. I thought. I really got to pee badly and I am bursting.

I was so into what he was doing that and I did not want to stop so as the waves came and went I had to concentrate hard on holding it. He started to make me very hot and I wanted him to go in me bad but a huge wave came over me and I had to grab my crotch and a little squirt of pee escaped but I was able to stop it. Now I am very hot and horny and nothing is going to stop me now. When the wave went thats when is went inside me and started thrusting. It felt really good and I was yelling yes yes yes when all of a sudden a strong urge to pee hit. I thought damm not now and had real trouble holding it, I cannot tell him now but I need to cross my legs, ooooooh I really have to pee I thought.

I was so desperate to pee I did not what to do then I started to leak. Then the pee just started pouring out of me and that made me relax and I exploded with orgasm. I was have a major orgasm as I was peeing at the same time, I have never experience anything like that before it was the best ever. Bob was ok with it but he did say that I should have told him. I have never had such a good orgasm like that one, having to pee badly and then having sex is worht it.

That was a true story, before that we never were inti pee sex but you learn something new all the time.

