Title: The All Day Girls (Story 16)

Author: Paul Tester

Chapter 16. Susan; An Unexpected Contest

After her parents divorced, Susan generally lived with her mother, but the prospect of a lucrative holiday job tempted her to stay with her father, who was living in their old home with his new girl- friend. It was not many days before Susan got bored with spending evenings at home polite to her step-mother, and the temptation to visit the haunts of her motor-cycle gang days was too much to resist. Dressed in her old, tight, jeans and leather jacket, she went to their old meeting pub, where she was pleased to see several 'serious' bikes parked outside.

Wondering if she would recognise anyone, or if they would recognise her, she went in the public bar. A group of biker girls were sitting at one table, and another girl was at the bar. Susan remembered her as Jan, a hard-bitten girl who must now be approaching thirty, and someone who had never been very friendly towards her. Susan hesitated, then deciding that she did not have anything to lose, moved next to Jan at the bar. 

Jan looked at her, hesitated, then said, "Bugger me, Jail-bait Susan. What brings you here?"

Susan decided against any long explanations, and doing her best to forget her Elmdene accent and manners, replied, "To have a drink of course. Why else would I come in a dump like this place."

Jan nodded. "It'll cost you a fiver if you want to join our group, and you have to drink beer, no fancy wines or shit."

"Bitter," said Susan, putting her money on the bar.

While they were being served Jan explained "This is our Thursday night girls-only chapter, tonight's our monthly competition night. You can join as a guest, but the rules still apply. You pay a fiver to start drinking, and we all drink pints. The 'kitty' pays until someone goes for a pee, then they have to pay for the rest of the evening. If you came in here to have a pee you are in for an expensive night."

Susan shrugged this off. "I'm fine," she replied. She had always suspected that some of the biker girls, including Jan, were into holding their pee, and here was proof. As leader, Jan would have only thought this up if she wanted to get the girls holding their pee, and if she was confident of holding out longer than most. 

Drinking her second pint, Susan was definitely feeling the need to pee, and was regretting the mug of coffee she had after dinner. She was sitting with crossed legs, which made her more comfortable, and she noticed that at least half of the girls were also crossing their legs, some twisted tight in the way that meant they were bursting. The next round was due, and Jan told her to get it, perhaps wanting to see if Susan was showing any signs of desperation. Deliberately Susan walked slowly to the bar and then made a point of standing absolutely still with her legs apart while she was served, then, just before she picked up the full glasses she pressed one hand quickly between her legs.

As an All Day Girl she was wise to all the tricks of holding competitions, and she was going to do her best to confuse Jan about her condition. Continuing the game, she sat with her legs wide apart as she drank her beer. This was making her want to pee more, but she was confident of her ability to wait, and was enjoying playing this game.

Before she had drunk half of her next beer, Susan noticed that two of the girls had their legs really knotted, and were beginning to squirm on their chairs, and one was biting her lower lip, showing, that unless she was also acting, that she was reaching the end of her endurance. Then the other one, a skinny blonde called Mandy, stood up and smiled. "I paid for this pee last month, so I'm not going to kill myself waiting if I don't have to. Cross your legs girls, I'll think of you as I let it go."

"Last month's loser. She gets one free pee this month," Jan explained to Susan.

Tina, the other girl with really tightly crossed legs groaned audibly at this, wincing and pressing between her legs, absolutely desperate and not wanting to hear any mention of loos or peeing. Her bladder was playing up that night, because she never normally wanted to go so soon, and she was dreading the disgrace and expense of losing. 

Jan knocked her arm. "Do that again any you've lost, you know the rules; nobody else in the bar must see you're bursting."

Tina returned to her previous, knotted leg, position, one hand casually holding her glass, the other gripping her knee, the nearest she dare go to holding her crutch. She was using all her strength to hold back her pee, hoping that one of the others was worse that they looked, wondering how much longer she could last. Her need was so urgent, so intense, it was almost impossible to contain without holding her crutch; the slightest relaxation and she was going to lose it. 

By some super-human effort she held on for another five minutes, trying not to shiver with the effort she was having to make, looking hopefully at Susan who had deliberately adopted an absolutely desperate pose that mirrored Tina's. Playing this game to the maximum, Susan twice pushed her fingers between her legs for a few seconds, and after the second time, Tina frantic to do anything not to lose, claimed that Susan was cheating and had been holding herself.

"Never!" Susan denied vehemently, "I'm not holding my crutch, just adjusting my knickers. Look, no way am I desperate."

With this she uncrossed her legs and sat with them wide apart, then glared aggressively at the other girls. "Let's all sit like this for five minutes and see who wants to pee?"

Jan and two others responded to this challenge, but Tina, dismayed that her hope of not losing had gone away, didn't move. She doubted if she could last five seconds like that, let alone five minutes.

"OK," said Jan, "We'll let you off this time, but be careful in future, or it will be an expensive evening." 

Heroically, Tina managed to hold out longer, hoping to last until another round had been bought, even finishing her own drink quickly to try to hurry the others, but eventually the pressure in her bladder became uncontrollable, and she felt a trickle of pee start to leak into her knickers. She broke off in mid conversation and fled to the ladies, frantically pulling up her jeans as she went, trying to hold her pee for another few seconds, then grabbing her crutch as she went in. But it was too late, she had lost it, and a dribble of pee had escaped before her fingers could stop it. In the loo she frantically tore down her jeans and knickers and unleashed a gush of pee before she was even sitting. 

'Oh the pressure!' she thought, 'no wonder I couldn't hold it any longer, my bladder really was stretched to bursting point.'

It was only when her pee was finished and she had pulled her jeans on again that she felt her wet knickers thankful that they had absorbed the pee and there wasn't a wet patch between her legs. She really had pushed herself to the limit, then almost made a fool of herself, as no-one had ever peed in their jeans before. Susan had had a clear view of her frantic dash to the ladies, including her holding as she got to the door, so she was half expecting to see the wet patch between Tina's legs, though she decided not to say anything to the rest of the group. 

Almost immediately it was time for Tina to buy her first round, and Susan went to the bar to help carry the drinks.

"Looked as if you nearly left it too late?" she said casually as they stood at the bar.

"It was a close thing," replied Tina. "I nearly killed myself trying to hold out, but I'm out of work and can't afford to lose. This is going to cost me half my dole money. I really hate these contests, but Jan insists on having them and nobody else objects. It's alright for her and her mate, they've got cast iron bladders, they never lose. What I would give to see her nearly pissing herself."

Susan said nothing, but she agreed with Tina. Jan had always been bitchy towards her when she had been the youngest member of the group, and the idea of getting back at her was appealing. At 14, Susan had been in awe of Jan's ability to hold her pee, but her own capacity had developed since then, and as a 24 hour All Day Girl she ought to be able to outlast her. All she needed was the chance to try. For a start, she was not going to pee tonight until Jan did, and maybe Jan would also be trying to out-wait her. This had the makings of an interesting evening, far better than watching TV at home.

Even though the contest had been lost, the other girls all left it for at least ten minutes after Tina had given up, hoping to show they were not desperate, and by the time they were finishing their fourth pints, only Jan and Susan had not been. Susan was now genuinely desperate, legs knotted most of the time, and starting to struggle to keep control. Jan had been sitting exactly opposite Susan, so she could not see how tightly her legs were crossed. It was only when she bent down to pick up the beer-mats she had knocked off the table she looked under the table and saw that Jan was not only sitting on her heel, but had the zip of her jeans undone to ease the pressure on her bursting bladder. How Susan envied her, but she had never been able to get her heel under her in the right place. Legs crossed, and then when she was too desperate for that, holding her crutch, were Susan's ways of waiting.

As she sat up again, Susan rashly decided to uncross her legs to show Jan she really did not want to pee. In fact, her bladder was bursting, absolutely bursting, and she was all the worse because her jeans were so tight it could not swell up. She envied Jan with her zip undone, but later in the evening she was going to have to suffer agonies when she had to do it up again, compressing her swollen bladder. Susan fought to hold back her pee without her legs crossed for about five minutes, but it was almost beyond even her tremendous control abilities. She was having to clench her bladder shut so hard she could only just stop herself groaning with the effort, and she kept shuddering and knocking her knees together as surges of desperation took her to the brink of letting go in her jeans. Just before last orders was called, Susan admitted defeat and crossed her legs again, still far from comfortable, but at least she could relax a bit.

They got the last round in just before 'time' was called, and as Susan slowly sipped her drink, feeling distinctly drunk as well as desperate for a pee, she told herself she only had to last another fifteen minutes. Or maybe less, she thought, as she caught Jan gripping the table and shuddering, looking very stressed for a moment until she saw Susan watching, when she tried to smile and sit more normally. The smile was more a grimace, and her rigid posture told Susan that she too was almost frantic to pee. Eventually they were told to drink up and go, and it was only her determination to out- last Jan that kept Susan out of the loo. She too was doing her best to act normally, but sheer desperation was forcing her to squirm to get the maximum pressure and effect from her crossed, knotted, legs. Jan, being just as desperate, but equally determined not to pee before Susan, was steeling herself to do up her zip, dreading the extra pressure on her swollen bladder.

As they finished their drinks Susan decided that somehow she was going to walk out of the pub without using the loo, even if Jan went. Mentally and physically gritting her teeth, she said "well that's it then," and walked towards the door, willing herself to walk normally, not with stiff legs or on tip-toe. The only concession to her desperation she allowed herself was one hand in her jacket pocket resting on her throbbing abdomen. She could feel she was bulging there, and really hurting, the enormous pressure in her bladder forcing her tight jeans to stretch.

Jan only hesitated for a second while she pulled up her zip, stifling a gasp at the extra pressure on her bladder, then followed Susan out. In the car park Susan paused to admire Jan's bike, partly to see how Jan was coping now she was standing and partly to try and control a frantic need to pee, so much worse now she was walking. Neither girl was really taking much interest in the bike, as both were fighting to control bursting bladders without showing how desperate they were. Susan, determined not to cross her legs, was pressing them together as hard as she could, and bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet, clenching all her holding muscles as hard as she could. The honour of the All Day Girls was at stake, and she was not going to give up easily. How she was regretting that mug of coffee after dinner, and not having a pee before going out, but she had never expected this. Jan had probably been preparing for this all day, and had not drunk anything all afternoon. 

Jan was trying to adopt a tough girl attitude, standing with both hands in her jeans pockets, pulling them up as hard as she could. From behind, her tightly clenched bum showed just how much effort she was making to hold in her pee. The occasional shudder, when she was also knocking her knees together betrayed her desperation to Susan's practiced eye, and she could also see that Jan's bladder area was swollen despite her skin-tight jeans, confirmation that her bladder was a close to bursting as Susan's was.

This trial of strength continued with both girls becoming more and more restless and distracted as their desperation reached critical level. Susan was determined not to give up, and continued to question Jan about the bike, taking heart from her increasingly disjointed answers, frequently interrupted by sharp intakes of breath as she fought to contain her pee. At last, when Susan could hardly manage to think of anything else to say except 'I want to pee! Oh God how I want to pee!' Jan, who could hardly stand still, said "Come to the Queen's Head in South Street on Saturday night. A lot of the old crowd will be there, I'm sure some will be pleased to see you again."

"Sounds good, I'll try and make it," replied Susan, "see you there. It's been a good evening, I've enjoyed myself."

With one huge effort of willpower she forced herself to walk normally until she was out of the car park, when, absolutely desperate, she grabbed the waistband of her jeans with both hands and pulled it upwards, (to crush her wee-hole shut with the crutch seam,) and away from her, (to ease the pressure on her swollen bladder.) She hobbled across the road like this, and only when she was sure she was out of Jan's sight did she reveal how desperate her need to pee was and press one hand between her legs, thankful there was no-one about to see her.

Less that a hundred yards and she knew that even if she didn't care who saw her walking like that, she wasn't going to make it home. Frantic to find somewhere to pee before she did it in her knickers, she tried to run, still holding her crutch, but this only made her want to go more. She had reached a row of shops, and she had to stop in the first entrance and try to hide while she doubled over and held her pee back with both hands. Pressing with all her strength she just managed to hold it in, but she dare not move even one hand and no way could she walk any farther.

She had reached her limit, and she could either squat and pee where she was or try to find somewhere better and probably wet herself in the attempt. Holding herself until the last possible second, she just about managed to tear down her jeans, tights and knickers and squat before letting her pee come spurting out. At last the glorious feeling of relief, the best part of any waiting contest, as she emptied her swollen bladder. If only she could pee faster, she thought, she was so exposed where she was, but she always took ages when she was really desperate.

She ignored the few cars speeding past, but when a group of 'lads' appeared she had to clamp off her flow, pull her jeans up and hurry off in the opposite direction before they could see her squatting in the doorway. Despite the enormous puddle she had left she hadn't finished her pee, but at least she had 'let the pressure off' enough to be able to walk home. If only she had known, she thought, and been prepared for a contest she could have managed to stand around talking a bit longer, when she might have got Jan to admit to wanting to pee.

She wondered how Jan was riding home. Could she have possibly have managed to get on her bike, when her legs would be forced apart, and her jeans pulled even tighter across her bladder. Susan could not have done it, at least not long enough to ride home, and she had a delightful vision of Jan shaking with desperation as she rode while the wet patch between her legs got bigger because she simply could not hold her pee any longer. In fact nothing so exciting happened, because Jan had not dared even try to get on her bike, putting extra strain on her bladder which was already at its limit. As soon as Susan was out of sight she had run back into the pub ladies and unleashed an absolute gusher of a pee. She always peed a torrent, but the pressure in her bladder produced the biggest blast she had ever managed. 

It had been a very close thing, she thought, she had so nearly lost it in the car park talking to Susan. How that girl had managed to drink so much and then walk off normally was incredible. The only answer was that she must have had a pee in the saloon bar just before she joined them. That would have given her a 45 minute start, the only way she could have possibly lasted all evening. . Jan was privately proud that she had, in her estimation, the biggest bladder of all the girls in the motor-cycle gang, and she was not going to admit to herself that Susan was bigger. If only, she thought, she could find some way of challenging Susan to a one on one contest, she would be prepared and then they would see who could really hold their pee.

