Bursting to Pee at the Hairdressers

by Debra

Really bursting to pee at the hairdressers.

Debra's bladder bursts!

An unexpected appointment catches me on the hop with an already full bladder.

This morning I was in town (as I often am weekday mornings) and as usual I'd been drinking gallons of tea in preparation for some desperation bursting pee fun (after lunch at home alone) and I needed to pee fairly bad, but by my calculations I figured I wouldn't be really bursting to pee or really desperate for another hour or two yet, so I popped into the hairdressers and asked if they could fit me in there and then, she said they could if I'd like to wait 20 minutes. I agreed, my hair needed doing before a trip back to Essex next week anyway, so I sat down and got really engrossed in a magazine.

Sitting down seemed to increase my need to pee rather a lot!

Sitting down seemed to increase my need to pee rather a lot, but I still thought I'd be OK and besides, I couldn't really leave the hairdressers now could I? I was wearing maroon coloured panties and a mid length navy blue skirt, both fairly dark colours. I tried to concentrate on the magazine but every now and then I was feeling a bit uncomfortable and I was very aware of the fact I was fidgeting rather a lot, I was getting self concious and I was considering leaving, but just then, the stylist called me over for my turn. It seemed like the act of standing up quickly and unprepared walking to the chair and sitting down again on a harder surface seemed to double my need to go to the bathroom and I actually felt I needed to pee even more, in fact I wanted to pee very badly by the time she had finished taking my coat from me and putting that apron thing over me and then she was spending precious bladder filling minutes answering the telephone.

As she began to cut my hair, I was aware of my fidgeting so I tried to keep as still as I could, but sadly by now, I was really in desperate need to use the toilet, I was bursting to pee, the chair was very hard and that amplified the situation, it made me feel my bursting bladder's urgent awareness even more! She was rambling on to me making light conversation, but I was hardly listening, I was really regretting this, I could see my face tense up and look anxious in the mirror right in front of me, so I was trying to look fairly relaxed and not to fidget, but I was bursting to pee now and that hard seat was really not helping.

My bladder was really bursting now and I was genuinely concerned

The stylist seemed to be taking forever, I glanced at the clock, it had been 35 minutes since I'd first gone inside, it's unusual for me to go from "needing to pee very bad" to "really desperate" in only 35 minutes but I had, it was so very difficult trying to sit still, trying to make conversation with her and desperately trying not to wet my panties at the same time. My bladder was really bursting now and I was genuinely concerned, but then another stylist ran some water for another customer, hell, that was too much and despite every ounce of willpower I could summon.

I felt some pee soak into my panties, I was sitting with my legs tightly crossed and thanks to those horrible apron things I had the luxury of both my hands jammed between my legs, completely unseen, I could feel a warm wet spot, verifying that I had slightly wet my panties and I now wondered how much had soaked through to my skirt? Well, according to my bursting bladder--not a lot had escaped, although my panties said differently - God, would she ever finish my hair?

I was really worried now, I sat like that for another 8 minutes with my legs very tightly crossed and both hands hidden under the apron jammed tight against my pubic bone, holding back the flood!

When she'd finished I had to wait for her to move the apron and fiddle about with me, hoping for a tip. Oh hell, I thought, just get my coat for me, take my money etc., (the normal things which you normally aren't even aware of really, but when you're absolutely bursting for a pee they can seem like the most annoying little things in the world). I stood up and got my coat on. The seat was damp with my drops of pee, so I quickly and discreetly pushed it back under the counter and got out of there really fast, but my bursting bladder problem of course still remained.

I completely soaked myself with my hot pee, ooohhhh but how good it felt

I was still right on the verge of completely wetting myself, I was too far from home to make it and too far from the public toilets, just then another wave hit me and I felt the warm pee run down my legs! There's a car park on the other side of the road - it was my only hope, so with great difficulty I crossed the road and just made it behind a parked empty estate car when another wave hit me and more pee flowed down my legs, but this time instead of frantically trying to stop it, I just relaxed and let it all out, I completely soaked myself with my hot pee, ooohhhh but how good it felt, oh boy! Words can't explain it, all the way home my wet panties excited me and the minute I got home I rubbed myself off still in my wet clothes :) :) :) Lots of smiles! Debra xx

