"An Alluring Affair"-5

By Thomas

Chapter 5

Nicky woke at midnight, her first thought being "Christ it hurts, I'll burst if I move, I must do!" She was still cuddled against Phil, thus gently whispered to him "Phil! Phil! I need to go to the loo, I HAVE to pee. You have to help me. Phil?" He murmured in reply. "I can't move or I'll loose my grip, I need to use something in here and just scramble to it. Can you get something for me go in?"

Phil turned over and looked Nicky straight in the eye. "I'm not going to do anything that helps you relieve yourself. I would love to see you wet yourself. Then I would know you had needed to as we made love earlier..."

"You mean I have to stay here? I can't possibly...oh!" Her gasp was in response to Phil leaping on to her and pushing his already erect penis deep against her, deliberately aiming for her pubic hair and thus pushing her bladder, rather than to penetrate. Nicky swore and screamed.

"I want you!" were Phil's only words before he did penetrate.

Nicky cried and gasped, occasionally screaming when Phil penetrated any deeper than merely resting in the neck of her vagina. Phil brought Nicky near to orgasm despite her utter discomfort - her writhing and fidgeting, pulling desperately away until she was curled against the wall behind the bed, gave him such satisfaction that she couldn't fail to be aroused herself. Nicky managed to reach orgasm before her bladder gave up completely, but then suffered as the repercussions of the abuse she had meted out to her bladder began.

Phil inevitably came himself with the stimuli Nicky offered, no matter that her actions were involuntary. He reacted to her movements after he had finished by rolling off to Nicky's side, and pulling the duvet towards him. 

"Phil you bastard, however great you made that you HAVE to let me piss! Have you ever drunk four cups of tea then waited as long as this? What, we had it with brunch at three ish? That's nine hours! It was through me in one! Hey, it was through you too! Why the hell don't you try waiting until now instead of pissing off into the toilet as soon as you need to? I'm serious, this won't wait. Tea makes it more urgent, even if not so full. I'VE BEEN WAITING NINE HOURS!...What?"

Phil laughed at her. "You're rambling, going round in circles in your arguments - you'll start giggling next! They really are classic signs of your being desperate for a piss! Can't you hide it?"

Nicky giggled obligingly. "Satisfied? Can I go now? I mean, I can't go, 'cause I can't move or it'll leak out, but can you get me a bucket now? Oh, and yes I can hide it until it gets really bad - my friends never clicked at school when I needed to most of the day..."

"God I'm knackered!" Phil stated, turning to face Nicky and appearing to settle down. He planned to feign sleep to prevent Nicky having the opportunity of relieving herself. He felt he knew her well enough that she would avoid wetting the bed however bad she felt. Phil could hear Nicky crying, and re-opened his eyes. She was blubbering into the duvet - when he looked carefully, she seemed to be pretending. He carefully closed his eyes again and ignored her attempt to make him feel sorry for her.

Nicky realised she was not getting anywhere, so gently eased herself down to lie still, but for the fidgeting, resigning herself to a further few hours. She didn't like to think what might happen when Phil woke up.

When Nicky awoke the next morning, she immediately opened her eyes in shock at the pain behind her pubic hair. That led to her second shock because she was able to see the time displayed on Phil's clock - eight forty three. She screamed in genuine terror at the prospect of missing her meeting with her Manager.

Phil jumped out of bed, ready to confront the rapist he felt sure must be in the room. He relaxed having scoured the corners, and turned an accusing stare on Nicky. She was hopping madly, one foot in the skirt she'd picked up from home the previous afternoon, and clutching herself with her free hand to keep her bladder intact.

"Phil, I have to be in a meeting with my Manager at nine! I can't get there that soon! Can you drive me?" She had somehow succeeded in getting her skirt on, and was fiddling with a rather thin cream blouse trying to get her arms in without letting go of her bladder with the other hand.

"Nicky, I can't. I'm so sorry. I have to be at a meeting in London at ten am! I'll be hard pushed as it is."

"Fuck fuck fuck," Nicky responded, feeling her bladder contract as if to expel the apparent gallons of urine pressing on her muscles. "I'll have to take the bus." She rushed to her shoes and slipped them on, whilst leaving her blouse open full length. 

"Bra, knickers?" Phil queried, watching Nicky's breasts bounce in and out of her blouse. Nicky grimaced as her bladder twitched, but managed to slip her left leg into a pair of light green knickers. She had more trouble with her right leg, struggling towards the door with the knickers dangling round her knees. Phil rushed to help and pulled the knickers fully up for her. "Are you okay? Shouldn't you go to the loo first?"

"I don't have time do I? The bus'll be leaving from the end of Norfolk Street in two minutes if it's on time! That service gives me one minute from my stop near work to get to the Manager - where can I pee on that time scale? I'll just have to cross my legs." She had given that speech in a tortured voice whilst rushing along the corridor from Phil's front door to the lift, and blew him a kiss as he stood naked in his doorway, while she fidgeted more than she had ever before - more than the preceding nights put together, it seemed to Phil as he watched her trying to do her blouse buttons up with one hand.

Nicky ran along Phil's road, gasping at every step as her bladder was jerked by the movement. "I can't keep it in, I can't!" she kept thinking, though whining in equal measure "there's no way I can slow down, Andy'll kill me." Despite arriving breathless at the bus stop seconds before the bus, Nicky still managed to fidget in the time she was at the stop, leaving everyone else queuing absolutely certain as to her state. She fidgeted standing still, by turning to and fro on the pretext of looking for the bus, and whilst shuffling to the bus amongst the queue.

Once on board, Nicky fumbled repeatedly trying to show her Pass, and was eventually allowed through by the driver seeing her state. He'd embarrassed Nicky immensely by commenting "Don't worry 'bout it love, ye'll've wet y'erself b'time you find the thing!" Nicky had almost burst as a result of the humiliation, just managing to hobble to a seat at the back of the bus where no-one would be able to see her, carefully keeping her legs tight closed from the calves upwards. Once in her seat, she hastily crossed her legs, surreptitiously holding herself through her skirt whilst her legs were briefly not 'joined'.

As the bus proceeded slowly into the city centre, stopping periodically to allow passengers to join and leave, Nicky found the going tougher and tougher. Every time the bus stopped, she had to stop swinging her legs to a large extent, to prevent those new passengers walking up the aisle from realising her predicament.

The ten minute journey seemed to last forever to Nicky's tortured mind and body, every advertising hoarding having great significance to the world while it held her attention from the certainty that she could not wait any longer. A beer ad caused her to close her eyes and screw up her face in disgust at the concept of ever consuming another drop of any liquid likely to result in her bladder filling.

In dispair Nicky realised the bus was approaching her stop. Making to stand, she felt her muscles contract as they had so many times before. As the bus pulled up and a few other commuters stood to alight, Nicky stood in the centre of the aisle feeling urine trickle towards her underwear - she had only one option. In full view of the entire bus, she grabbed herself and physically clamped herself shut. Even the driver saw this action, looking in his mirror to check the bus was ready to leave again.

"Are you gettin' off love?" he called, turning for a closer look. He ignored her beauty, the curves of her breasts naked beneath her thin blouse, and stared straight at the hand she still cupped between her legs, rucking her skirt up towards the top of her thighs. "Look wot the f's the matter wi'you?" he eventually asked, tapping his fingers on the dashboard. Nicky realised she was holding up the bus, so stumbled forward to get out. In every occupied seat she passed a pair of eyes swivelled, watching her, some with concern, some with amusement, and a few sparkling as if to attract her attention to their owners' interest. The youngest passengers, three school boys, laughed once she had passed, safe in the knowledge that her state meant she wouldn't confront them. A girl sitting near them was much more subdued, giving Nicky a moment of relief as she wondered whether the teenager was herself not entirely fine.

As she virtually fell down the bus' steep steps to the pavement, she cursed the rotten luck that had left her in such a state on the most important morning of her career since being interviewed. The walk to her office passed in a haze, Nicky entering the staircase to her floor of the building as the clock above the stairs changed to a minute past nine. The resultant worry of being late took her mind off her bladder for an all-to- brief moment. She imagined her boss standing at the head of the staircase, tapping his foot. The need to keep working to pay her rent gave Nicky sufficient anxiety that she let her legs part and bounded up the stairs two at a time.

As Nicky pushed the door open into the open plan office space, her boss, Andy, was just leaving Nicky's immediate colleague's desk, presumably having enquired as to her whereabouts. "Sorry Andy!" she called to him, shuffling to him as her bladder caught up with her rush up the stairs. "I'm really sorry I'm late." As she spoke she glanced at the door to the toilets, but knew that she couldn't possibly argue her point if she held up the meeting any longer. 

"Shall we go in then," Andy replied rhetorically, turning on his heel and leading the way to his private office. Nicky couldn't bear the feeling in her bladder - she wondered about wetting herself there, in the middle of the office amongst her workmates, rather than even trying to hold on 'til she had walked to the toilet, but dismissed the idea as Andy turned to hold open his door for her.

Nicky sat in a posh chair in front of Andy's desk, unable to avoid fidgeting, even while he perched initially on the edge of the pine desk almost touching her. "I hope everything's okay at home? Nothing in particular made you late?" he began. His greased hair was combed to make his young face appear slightly more mature, Nicky noticing every detail of his expression as she desperately searched for something to avoid thinking about her full bladder.

"Why am I worried about an interview with someone only three or four years older than me?" she wondered to herself as Andy stared at her. She replied to his question "I had a busy weekend, just slept in. I'm so sorry..."

"Nevermind. Would you like a coffee?"

"No thanks!" Nicky replied in a flash. Andy shrugged his shoulders and returned to his normal seat, allowing Nicky more freedom in her fidgets, as her legs were now hidden from him by the desk, she thought. Given the likelihood of her not making it through the meeting, she decided valour was the better part of discretion, so increased her fidgeting rate - she perceived a glance from Andy at her waist, or just below. Her short skirt was tight across her midriff, outlining a bulbous swollen area beneath her stomach, which he was staring at. 

Andy seemed to tear his eyes away eventually, letting them settle on her blouse instead. Her rapid movements were causing her bra-less breasts to wobble slightly as she sat anything but still in the comfy chair. Nicky felt embarrassed at the attention he was paying her, and started playing with her hair, draped over her left shoulder, twisting it and tearing at the strands as she tried desperately to hold onto the contents of her bladder.

"Right," Andy snapped out of his trance, "what's your problem with this office then, Nicky?"

"Erm," Nicky was at that moment feeling a drip running down her vagina, through the pubic hair matted round her, and soaking into her knickers. "Erm, I feel I keep getting the dead-end jobs; all the tasks anyone could do standing on their head. Why do you assign me all those crappy... Sorry!" She giggled at her mistake, then cut herself off sharply. She was talking too fast. Andy tipped his head on one side, but gestured her to continue. "I just wondered if you could reassure me that I will get my fair share of decent jobs. Why can't I have some decent work? I've proved my ability!" She continued her sentence in her head "I can last eighteen hours after four cups of tea! What more do you want? Phil likes that!"

"I see." Andy picked up a pencil and toyed with it, watching Nicky as she twisted on her seat. "Do you have any idea why it's to you that those jobs you refer to as 'boring' fall? Have you considered that?"

"I know someone has to do it," Nicky replied before Andy tried to interrupt, but Nicky refused to give in, "but why me always?" Nicky whined over his mindless management-speak.

"Don't interrupt me!" Andy instructed. He continued a monologue as to Nicky's responsibilities according to her contract and in support of the other members of staff. Nicky sulked at the inaccurate rebuke with which Andy had silenced her. While Andy talked and talked, Nicky watched the second hand tick round her watch, thinking the last second had passed at every tick. As she watched the minute hand moving as well, she began to feel drowsy, until her bladder awoke her with a start. Finally Andy finished his lecture and sat looking self-satisfied with his arms crossed across his chest.

Nicky hadn't a clue as to what his recent sentences had been, so made do with "I see," by way of reply. Nicky was horrified to see that the time was approaching ten o'clock - Andy's discourse had amounted to nearly an hour explaining why she would get just the same jobs as she always had despite her complaint.

"Is that okay? Do you see my problem now?" Andy asked, seeing her predicament in not knowing how to respond.

"Yes, but it doesn't change anything does it? I mean you'll still piss me about with the dead-end jobs! What concessions have you offered?"

"Did you listen to what I said? I offered to see what Meg and Joanne would take in return for some of their workload." Andy continued in a similar vein to his previous address, boring Nicky, leaving her nothing to think about but her bladder and the likelihood of wetting herself.

She had only used the toilets at work a few times, following her usual habit of avoiding if at all possible any toilet other than her own at home. "No doubt this time," she thought, "I will definitely..." Nicky stopped thinking abbot anything, and concentrated on her nerves around her knickers. There seemed to be a damp feeling... "Oh God!" Nicky whined under her breath, feeling more of her probably deeply golden urine running between her tightly clamped thighs and onto her knickers. "At this rate," she managed to think "I'll be visibly wet before I leave this room, nevermind after walking through the office!"

To her relief, Andy finished summarising his previous effort at jollying her along, suggesting "Why not go and ask them yourself?"

Nicky took the offer instantly, leaping up, not caring about opening her legs as the most important matter for her now was speed. She didn't even bother to acknowledge Andy as she rushed out of his office.

Andy didn't care. He had seen Nicky fidgeting quite clearly as he talked to her, deliberately extending his lecture to cause her maximum discomfort. He hadn't known she'd been waiting as long as she had, but knew in his heart that he had to try and make her wait longer. He was thrilled to see a small damp triangle just visible on her dark blue skirt as she rushed from the room. He walked to his door and lent on the door post as he watched Nicky crossing the office.

She smiled weakly at several of her workmates as she rushed to the toilets, feeling more drips running down her legs. Nicky didn't realise how much had already come out - there had been no change to the desperation, and she couldn't see the back of her skirt. Luckily for her, few of the other ladies in the office looked up for more than a moment as she went past, thus they didn't see the tell-tale sign on her skirt, saving her a little embarrassment.

Nicky pushed open the door of the Ladies' and almost cried out in sorrow - a queue of two other women from the Department was almost filling the small communal area - both cubicles seemed occupied to Nicky's desperate eyes. She pushed closed the door, then greeted the pair queuing in front of her. "Poor dears," she thought, "first coffee of the morning must have run through them all at once as usual!"

Serruptiously, Nicky turned to let her rear face the mirrors across the far wall of the room - she was astonished to see a growing circle of darker material on her skirt, despite the original dark colour of the material. She let out an anguished cry, and then felt a considerably larger quantity of her mentor spill out of her bladder and run down her legs, across her knickers and soaking into her skirt. Facing the mirrors straight on, she could see the already abused skirt begin to show the results of her foolishness at the front as well. 

Nicky had only one resort left open to her - she burst into tears to try to force the other two women to let her go in front of them out of sorrow for her. To her distress, the crying caused Nicky to leak more on to the floor, the stream dampening a larger area of her skirt on the way down. The sight made her cry more volubly, her shoulders heaving in time to her fidgets, allowing the tightening of her bladder's grip on relief. Somehow, between the struggle to overcome basic laws of physics and anatomy and the surprise of her colleagues, Nicky managed to smile through her tears at one thought that stuck in her brain and she could not dislodge - "Phil would love to see me now!"

The next thing that happened surprised and horrified Nicky into silence as she had to comprehend the full meaning of the action. Her workmates were hurrying her out of the toilets and seated her at a vacant desk. The unusual activity brought more of the office over to find out what the problem was. It seemed to Nicky as she swung furiously on the desk chair that every friend she had in the office was watching her crotch as occasional spurts of her stupidity wetted her skirt and thighs. "Oh stop bustling! Leave me alone," she tried to ask between the questions being poured at her, but to no avail. Nicky could see Andy out of the corner of her eye, apparently not watching but obviously enthralled - Nicky had had enough.

"Seen enough? Had an eyeful everyone?" she demanded, directing the comments at Andy but addressing everyone who was preventing her from emptying her oh-so-full bladder by just being there. Every voice fell silent.

"But Nicky, what's the matter?" asked Joanne, the co-worker Nicky felt sure Andy had mentioned.

Nicky was totally fed up and still no less desperate "I'm pissing myself, can't you see? There I was busting all through that fucking meeting with Andy, then when I get to the toilet those two are already queuing!" She stopped, suddenly feeling very exposed standing with her skirt soaking and urine dribbling down her legs, facing all her friends.

The babble erupted again, most people wanting to know why she needed to go, some what she was going to do about it (Nicky thought that should be obvious) and one or two asking if she still wanted to go. Nicky addressed these first. 

"Look at me!" She glowered at them, willing them to look away from her skirt. "See that swinging? What'da YOU think?" She simply couldn't be bothered with them anymore, and, she realised later, couldn't wait any more either, so pushed desperately through the throng to the toilets.

Having emptied her bladder of several hundred gallons, by her estimation, Nicky continued to sit naked from the waist down on the cold seat, contemplating the mess of her underwear and skirt. Her mind drifted to recall her childhood, spent almost exclusively at home or mind-blowingly desperate. She'd always worried her father because she went out so little, either when young to play and stay over at friends houses, or older at parties and evenings out. "If only he'd known I didn't want to have to use other people's toilets," she thought, "he'd have persuaded me to be brave!"

Despite her absolute refusal to allow her bladder ever to overcome her fear of strange bathrooms, Nicky had hardly ever had this happen to her, so was unable to learn from past experience how to face her colleagues and explain the situation. "Pissing is so private," she murmured, "what can I say?" It didn't even occur to her to tell the approximate truth, that she'd woken late having 'not bothered' to go before bed.

She patted her knickers with a sheet of paper, somehow thinking it could absorb her embarrassment and shame along with the quantity of pee. Her mind leapt again, settling on one particular memory from her childhood. She had been playing on a rare afternoon a few streets from home outside a friend's house, with several mutual friends. All of the eight year olds were practising roller-skating that afternoon, with varying levels of success. For Nicky rollerblading was less important than usual that afternoon - she'd arrived home from school already so desperate she couldn't stand or sit still, but merely thrown her bag down and rushed to find her skates.

Already, at age eight, she remembered, she'd been so confident of her abilities, despite the pain she suffered every time, that she was sure she could wait. Falling over while skating hand-in-hand with her best friend had caused such a panic that she'd run away from her friends and hidden in the neighbour's garden for a while, until she couldn't stand it any longer. She'd had to skate past her friends as fast as she could towards home...

One of her work mates banged on the cubicle door. "Nicky, what on earth are you up to? You've been in there for ages!" she asked.

"I was just thinking," Nicky replied distantly, "because I've been spending so much time... Oh, er, I was just trying to collect myself," Nicky struggled to find an in-specific justification for her delay. Somehow, she was horrified to realise, she had told her colleagues what had been in her mind at that moment. Perhaps they wouldn't notice, or at least have the decency to ignore it, she hoped. "I won't be a minute," seemed the safest recourse.

When Nicky returned to the open-plan office space, the other workers just managed to avoid an obvious hush falling over the room, but a distinct stiffening of backs and craning of ears went on, Nicky was certain. She knew she just had to ignore them. "I'm going home, call it sick leave," she announced to the office in general, walking as casually as she could manage to the door. She wasn't quite brave enough to turn and wave goodbye, even though she felt like doing so. She could feel a dozen eyes eyeing her damp patches in continued shock.

Sitting at her desk at home, Nicky couldn't quite believe what had gone on. It was not the fact that she had waited so long that bothered her, but rather that she had allowed her bladder to give in. She simply didn't wet herself - ever. "And what am I going to tell Joanne and the others? It's no good, I'm not strong enough to ever see them again. If I hid needing to pee from my best friends at eight I can't face an adult now." Nicky resolved two things of great importance as thoughts tossed around behind her furrowed brow.

She would not, ever, see or speak to any of the people at her office again. The rent didn't matter, she could live rough if necessary, but working there any more was not an option. As she set about writing a resignation letter, her fountain pen scratching furiously at the note paper, her mind wandered, resulting in the second resolution. "I shan't wet myself ever again. Phil can do his worst, it just won't happen. I'm going to make you wait until _I_ say _I'm_ ready!" she told her bladder with a fierce edge in her voice. 

Holding the completed letter in her hand, Nicky felt strangely relaxed staring out of the window from an armchair. The world bustled by as much as it ever did in her street, leaving her mind empty for a while. When she finally tried to focus her mind, she realised her ease-of-mind was as a result of the decision to resign. Her job had not been fascinating, though much better than a menial job could ever be, she suspected.

But her sense of freedom arose because she had done what she should have in response to Andy's pathetic effort to placate her, rather than accept his suggestion. The meeting had not gone well and she was forcing Andy's hand. Perhaps he would look after her replacement better. "And suggest a comfort break from a meeting if she ever obviously fidgets!" She smiled. She'd lasted almost twenty four hours even after five cups of tea. Andy seemed to have enjoyed it, but Phil would've loved it, she was sure.

It was approaching lunch time, thus Nicky busied herself around her small kitchen. Her wet clothes were drying in the bathroom, and she had replaced them with baggy jogging trousers and a tight t-shirt. By the time she came to attend to the heap in the bath after eating, her skirt was dry. Nicky's career had not reached the point that she could outfit her flat properly, thus rather than take her possibly smelly clothes to a launderette, she proceeded to hand wash them in the basin. Other domestic activities, including a trip to the post box with the letter, occupied her until she suspected Phil would be back from London. When she rang him, still unable to recall the number without his scribbled note, he answered instantly.

"Hi Phil. Can I come over?"

"Don't ask silly questions. Would you like to go out?" he offered, though with an ulterior motive.

"Er, no, I'd like to be in private. I want to tell you something." They agreed that Phil could pick Nicky up, and she gave directions. As he drove over, Nicky rushed around packing clothes for several days. Staring at the selection in her wardrobe, Nicky realised that her current attire was not quite suitable for Phil to see so soon after they had met - whatever their activities since.

So eager was she to see him that she kept running to look out the window as she changed, hoping to glimpse the car as he arrived. Finally, as she hopped to the window with one leg in her jeans for yet another look, his car was there. Sure enough, the door rattled with his eager knocking. Nicky was still wearing the t-shirt, but was now wearing bright red cotton panties which showed clearly above her half-pulled up jeans. Nevertheless she hopped to the door and flung it open.

Phil had barely begun to lift his foot before he did a double take. "Why have you changed your underwear?" Nicky glanced down and struggled to pull her jeans up to hide the offending garment, having trouble getting the slightly tight jeans over her hips. "Wiggling your hips like that looks rather like you're fidgeting again!" Phil told her, stepping inside and kicking the door closed.

"Oh stop it, you!" Nicky playfully replied. "Hold on." Finally into the trousers, she rushed off to find socks and shoes. Phil followed her into the bedroom.

"So this is your double bed is it? And you keep it just for yourself. Humm."

"I said stop teasing me! You can lose that mischievous tone for a start."

Phil was unrepentant. "It's a shame you struggled to get those on, 'cause I think we should take them off you and christen your bed with our 'activity'." 

Nicky was easily persuaded, though did wonder about peeing first. She shouldn't lead Phil to expect a full bladder every time, surely, she thought. "Nah, it isn't too bad at all and I should get away without even fidgeting. It was a forlorn hope, as by the time Phil was ready to climax she was battling to hold on after her bladder had refilled with the excess from her previous exploits. As he pumped away, she whispered in his ear.

"Phil, don't cum yet. I _have_ to tell you something. I resigned today, I'm never working there again." His pace didn't alter but his back appeared to stiffen. "Do you want to know why?" He murmured, concentrating on holding back. "I wet myself at work, after last night and everything. I couldn't face them. So I resigned... Phil?" He had shuddered, but very soon she knew why.

After a suitable time cuddling, Nicky badgered Phil yet again. Would she ever again be able to go to sleep directly after sex, she wondered. "Phil, let me up, I have to, you know... I _was_ fidgeting quite a lot just now."

"Why don't we go back to my place first?" Phil wasn't about to let her off this lightly after her performances of the last few days, and then his missing the ultimate pleasure of her wetting herself.

The need was subsiding with time after Phil's orgasm, so Nicky chose not to put up a fight. She was still fidgeting, but she might as well not need to compared to anything she had experienced in the previous few days. They were soon on their way.

Phil was recovering from the enjoyment he had felt at the news that she had failed to hold it, and pressed for information as he drove. "So how bad was it to cause that? Was it worse than you were out by the coast?"

Nicky wasn't in the mood for heavy questioning. "How bad do you think it was? As bad as it gets. Stop being so inquisitive." She was feeling moody as the pressure built again, and stared out at the rows of shops and busy people heading home from their own days work. "Look at them all," she said, "probably peed two or three times already today. I've been once in something over thirty hours! Speed up, I need to a lot now." Phil could see that she needed to. She was fidgeting sufficiently that occasionally her oscillating right knee interfered with his use of the gear stick.

"Have you ever used the office toilet? Was it a regular fixture of your life, or was today the first time you'd seen inside it?"

"You know that I never use toilets other than my own. It's quite simply anathema to me. And stop being so bloody inquisitive and get me to your toilet before it gets _half_ as bad as this morning."

When they arrived Nicky was as eager as she had ever been to get upstairs to Phil's apartment. Phil loitered, seeking something buried deep in the car boot for too long in Nicky's estimation.

"Hurry up Phil. You can't do this to me all the time. I'm bursting!" That word seemed to stir him to abandon his search, and together they headed upstairs in the lift. Once inside the flat, Nicky headed directly to the bathroom. Her hand was virtually on the door handle when Phil stopped her.

"Nicky, please don't. I know it must be very hard to constantly fight your bladder in such desperation, but I mean it that I really want you to wait a while longer. You look so great in those clothes when you fidget." He hoped that his compliment would distract her sufficiently that she would overlook the fact that he thought she looked great in anything if she was fidgeting. "Look, how about I give you an orgasm better than all those you've already had because of my excitement at your bladder. Come with me?" He beckoned towards the sofa.

Throwing her arms up in frustration, Nicky complied. "If you do this on the holiday I'll leave early and not see you again. I want your sex but not to wait for so long and be so bad." Phil ignored her comments, caressing her face, letting his hand fall to her breast. He found that gently tickling her midriff through the t-shirt made her squeal and fidget more violently. "If you do that anymore I'll let go on your sofa. STOP IT! I mean it." Phil finally relented after one last teasing tickle, and moved his hands back to Nicky's chest. "Just fucking get on with it. The foreplay's clearly to make me wait longer rather than for fun. If you must do it, bloody get on with it."

"What's the matter?" Paul responded. He might be falling in love with her for sexual reasons, but he didn't want to be mentally abused for his passion. He could find another girl to do it for him if he had to, he told himself. "You've been rambunctious with me all night." Nicky responded with a hurumph sound and shrugged her shoulders in a rather more threatening way than Phil liked to see. His voice too took on a confrontational edge. "Well? It's hardly going to be fun with you in this mood." 

Nicky kneeled on the floor between Phil's legs. Leaning forward to accommodate the demands of her bladder, her head came to rest on Phil's lap. She swore again but undid the button on his trousers. 

"Can't you wait just a little bit longer before we start?" 

"You're not getting it are you?" Nicky was indignant at the suggestion, raising her voice. "I'm not going to stay with you if this keeps on. I can't be bursting to pee all the time. It's just not going to happen." Phil looked a little shocked but didn't respond, forcing Nicky to continue. "So do you want to bloody lose me and never have sex like this again, or give me a break and let me sodding pee occasionally?"

Finally Phil responded. "Why didn't you say something earlier, if you were so fed up?"

"'Cause it should be bloody obvious that straining to hold it every second of the day pisses me off!" She had stopped fidgeting now, and was crouched in front of Phil, almost yelling. "Oh fuck it. I'm going right now." Phil grabbed at her as she strode towards the bathroom, but failed to find a grip. Nicky was enraged to find the toilet door locked. "WHAT'S THIS?" she demanded, gesturing to a new lock on the outside of the door. "You fucking bastard. How long were you going to make me wait?"

Phil laughed at her shock. "Nicky, look... forgive me?" He dangled a key tantalisingly from his pocket. Nicky rushed at him, but Phil was ready and ran off, circling the sofa purposefully, awaiting her next move.

"This isn't funny Phil." Her voice was even. She moved as if to follow him round the sofa, then dodged the other way. "You think I can forgive while you keep pissing me around? Think again." Her voice was relenting, but Phil could still see her anger. "We'd better talk about this, or I really will leave you. But I'm not going to do it on a full bladder. Give me the key." Phil decided discretion was the best route forward. As he reached to pass Nicky the key across the room, his partially unbuttoned trousers fell down his thighs, introducing enough humour to the situation that Nicky was able to think calmly as she relieved herself, rather than seethe at the indignity of being locked out of the toilet.

Phil called to her after the flush had subsided. "I'm sorry Nicky, the whole business of your not peeing got the better of me. I want you for more than that. You're so sexy..."

As she re-entered the room, he walked across and hugged her. "Phil, you should know that I can't take it all the time. Please let me have some comfortable time with you." She wasn't impressed by a shrug of his shoulders. "I won't stand for your stopping me if I decide I must go, okay?"

"You don't seem to understand me. I try to make you wait so that when we make love, well, it's better. I thought you wanted encouragement for that." 

"I'm happy with the idea, but you must accept that I can regulate your..." Phil looked dejected "okay, our fun myself! Without chains on doors!"

"I know you can. You're bloody amazingly capable. I was just being selfish and got carried away with the fun I was having and looking forward to. I promise I'll behave."

"You are silly! If you hadn't been so bloody minded, I would have happily waited much longer! Learn to control yourself!" She punched him good- naturedly. The pair descended into a fun-fight, smiling and joking as they went. The euphoria of making up was reason enough for them to make love for the first time without any stimulant.

When Nicky became aware of the cool air against her skin, she realised that after their most recent session, they had failed to move to the bedroom to cuddle, from the floor they had found in their eagerness. She wasn't entirely naked, but her panties didn't really cover a great deal of skin. She struggled free from Phil's grasp, who clearly wanted to stay as they were, and beckoned to the bedroom. "What's wrong with a proper bed? I nearly dozed off down there, but it'd be murder to sleep all night on the floor. I've done that at a few teenage parties." Phil started paying attention. "Oh no you don't, matey. Come on." Nicky remained insistent that they adjourn to bed.

Phil grumbled but complied. "So tell me about those parties." He requested as they settled. 

"No, first something else." Nicky snuggled down under the duvet, pulling herself closer to Phil. She whispered as close as she could to his ear. "That was magnificent, just now. See, it doesn't require my bladder to be involved to make it good..." She paused long enough for Phil to worry what might come next. "I think we might have just made love, rather than had sex."

Phil was worried. It seemed rather early to talk like that. "Erm, yeah." He tried to mutter his words to feign sleepiness. 

"You were so sincere when you apologised. I think I'm starting to fall in love with you."

Phil was unimpressed and tried to regulate his breathing to imitate sleep. Somehow the ploy worked; Nicky raised her eyebrows before relaxing herself.

Two hours later Nicky had actually slept. Her bladder still felt a little strange inside. "Probably stretched," she concluded in a semi-conscious state. She became more aware of the surroundings, and her body. "Phil?" she tried to wake him. "Phil... Phil, come on, we haven't eaten."

He didn't open his eyes. "So what, it's the middle of the night."

"No it's not. It's after ten. And I had lunch ages ago."

"Go and get yourself something then. I'm knackered. Do you realise how tough it is to keep having sex as good as that, nevermind several times a day. I'm not used to it."

"Awww diddums! So do you want anything to keep your strength up if I make something?" She was by now standing in the doorway, but Phil wasn't sufficiently tired not to throw a pillow at her for her attempted humour.

Nicky provided a fast pasta creation on a tray for Phil, eating her own alongside. Somehow it had seemed wise not to mention carbohydrates with relation to Phil's stamina, though he happily ate all she had served. 

Once they were finished, Nicky playfully wiped Phil's chin on a corner of the duvet. "Would you stop it. Anyone would think we were childhood sweethearts in the throes of passion, rather than more mature and sensible."

"Oh, who's going to know. Anyhow, what's wrong with romantic attachment? Oh never mind. Look, about this holiday. What exactly do you want me to do?"

Phil had been preparing to wriggle back down, but instead stayed facing Nicky. "Well, I thought it would be fun to introduce some regulation, see whether you can manage the same day after day."

"What does it involve?" Nicky's voice failed to hide her suspicion.

"There's two options. I think I prefer the idea of you agreeing to go twice every one and half days."

"What? You mean once... every 18 hours? Woah, you're pushing it again."

"Or, you could go only when I agree. It's a bit dom-sub for my liking."

Nicky rushed to agree. "Yes, the first one, definitely. But for only half the holiday, let me relax and enjoy it too."

"Okay, whatever. So in the first four days, say, you'll pee 6 times." Nicky was only half listening to Phil's suggestion. She slid her hand under the duvet toward him. When it reached his groin she smiled.

"I thought so. You've recovered pretty quickly with all this talk haven't you?" She gripped his erection harder.

"Oww, stop it. Yes, okay, it turns me on to think about it. Christ, anyone would think you didn't like erections. Ger'off!" 

Nicky responded by squatting above Phil, with the duvet between them. "Does this turn you on then? Would you like me to say I think I could manage once a day?" Phil's erection grew firmer still. "You'd like that wouldn't you. I think for now we should stick with 18 hours, but we'll see when we get there." With a few tussles and tugs she managed to remove the duvet, leaving her sitting astride him fondling his erection.

