My girlfriend Ellen was on her way to a series of job interviews. She had on a white short–sleeved pull over blouse, a knee length black pencil skirt, and nude support pantyhose, with black pumps. She had changed her outfit several times. Ellen then called me into the bedroom. Her hands were on her stomach...which bulged out ever so slightly, and I could she you wasn't happy about it.
Ellen reached into a drawer of her dresser, and pulled out some underwear. "Help me with this," as she unbuttoned your skirt and stepped out of it. Ellen then began to wriggle into this long–leg high waist panty girdle (which zipped up the side). I came over to her and hooked the side of the girdle together, and pulled up the zipper. It was so tight and she looked too hot. I watched as she pulled the pencil skirt back into place. She asked me to button and zip up the skirt, which I was only too happy to do. I knew how nervous she was going to these two interviews.
On her way back from the last interview, she called me from the car to tell me that she was on the way home. She said, "I was so nervous, all I did was drink water. I walked right past the bathroom. I gotta pee so badly. I shouldn't have worn this girdle, it's so tight I can't breathe."
Ellen later told me that she was trying to drive and clench her thighs together at the same time. And she began bouncing up and down in the seat and biting her lip.
She was thinking to herself that she didn't know if she could hold it until she got home. When Ellen had to go this badly, she usually just reached up under her skirt and clamped her hands to your crotch. Without giving much thought, she took one hand from the wheel and tried to do just that. She came to the sudden realization that the pencil skirt was aptly named. It was slim, with no room to maneuver. She couldn't separate her legs to reach between them, and she couldn't wriggle the skirt out of the way without causing an accident on the freeway.
Ellen felt herself getting frantic. All she could do was clench her legs together, and grind herself into the car seat. There was about another fifteen minutes left to get home. I knew that Ellen wanted to reach under her skirt and inside her panties, to have a good time while she tried to hold it. But this time, it was different, the tight skirt, the pantyhose, and the girdle all prevented her hand from touching its desired target. The girdle pressed on her bladder making matters worse.
As the traffic slowed down nearing our exit, she began to squirm harder, "I'm gonna pee in my pants..." she muttered to herself. She made one more attempt to reach inside her skirt, but again the skirt was too close fitting, and her hand couldn't get past her thighs.
Again, Ellen telephoned me from the car. "I'm about to pee in my pants," she whispered, "I can't hold it much longer, I'm about five minutes from the house. You've got to help me as soon as I get into the house."
"What do you want me to do?" I asked.
"As soon as I get into the house, you need to unbutton my skirt, and get me out of this girdle."
Finally, she parked the car, and walked quickly to the house... her thighs pressed together hard. She fumbled with the keys, trying to get in the door.
At long last, the key opened the door and she came into the house. She ran to the bathroom while unsuccessfully trying to pull her skirt up, shouting, "I can't hold it any more, help me!" I walked in behind her, and quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt.
In a flash, she moved one hand firmly to her crotch, and the other trying to unzip the girdle without any success. "Get me out of this girdle," she whimpered. I took my time unzipping and unhooking her girdle. All the while, she was wriggling, her hands clamped between her legs. She muttered, "Hurry up, please hurry up." When the last hook on the girdle was finally undone, I pulled the girdle down to her thighs, and then the pantyhose. I could see how wet the inside of her pantyhose were from her arousal. I then left the room as she finally let go.
Ellen's face portrayed great relief as she came out of the bathroom in her nylons, heels, and girdle now pulled back into place. We kissed as she rubbed her body against me and whispered, "I can see how much you like this... when I have to pee so badly. When I have to go that badly, I get so hot."
She kissed me even harder, and pressed against me firmly. Her hand gently caressed my hardness. "Let me show you," she said to me. She took my hand and led me to the bedroom...She looked so very hot... as badly as I wanted her that second, she was going to have to remain in her underwear and hose for a while. Another big glass of water (or two), awaited her. Perhaps there was even time to for Ellen to get dressed and for us to go out to dinner and for drinks...
End of Part One – To be continued
By: Phil