Time Turner Part 6
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on October 20th, 2010 at 4:51PM

“I have to pee,” said Dr. Liu. “Urinate. Piss. Make water. Go to the bathroom.” She shifted her weight from foot to foot. She had already wet herself—how many times? Four?—and each time had used her invention to go back in time to try a different way to get to a bathroom in time. Unfortunately, the Time Turner had a range of only about ten minutes, the ladies’ room had a line out the door, and she hadn’t yet been able to find any other bathrooms that were open.

“?Necesita el cuarto de bano?” said the woman with the mop.

“I’m sorry, I don’t understand you.” Liu crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. “Please, I’m about to piss myself! You have to show me where there’s a bathroom!”

“Si,” said the woman. “Cuarto de bano.” She sounded like she was getting frustrated. “Puede!”

The other janitor, the man, waved dismissively and told the woman, “Es demasiado estupida comprenderle.” He splashed his mop in his bucket and then lifted it out, dripping loudly, to slosh it onto the floor…

…and Liu lost it. Again. Her pantyhose and the front of her dress were soaked immediately, and once that had happened, she let go completely. Just stood and pissed, until her puddle meandered halfway down the corridor.

The man swore—she could tell that from the tone—and the two of them began mopping up after her.

“Mueva por favor,” said the woman.

Liu stepped out of her way, still dripping. She left wet footprints. “You don’t have to do that,” she said.

“?Que?”

Liu reached into her purse, found the ACTIVATE button with her thumb, and pressed it. Instantly, the whole scene around her flowed like ink in water and Liu felt herself pulled, stretched, and folded back on herself like taffy.

She was standing in front of Wiggins again, back in the conference hall. By now, she was getting used to the repeated shock of having her bladder suddenly full to bursting again. She managed to keep from pissing on the spot with only a grimace.

Wiggins seemed to be studying her face. “Was there anything else?” he asked. They were standing very close. In the crowd, there really wasn’t room for him to back away to a more comfortable personal distance. He towered over her and his enormous belly filled out his flannel suit like a pin striped dirigible, but she had just manhandled him, grabbing him by the shoulders to spin them both around so she was next to the doors. Where were they in the conversation?

“Repeat back to me what I just said,” she ordered.

“You told me to go with CERN instead of FermiLab, because we need 12,000 gigavolts. Make the budget figures work.”

“Excellent.” That was everything, right? There wasn’t anything more she needed to tell him? She was staring at the neatly folded handkerchief in his breast pocket, which was just at her eye level. “And give me this,” she said on impulse, snatching it loose and shaking it out.

“What? Why?”

“I need it. For…” Wiggins was looking down at her, somewhat bewildered. “For a calculation,” she said. That sounded lame, she thought. Like I care right now. She turned and walked away, stuffing his handkerchief into one of the pockets of her own jacket.

Stepping out onto the mezzanine, she felt another wave of desperate agony wash through her. She paused to cross her legs and clench down with all her might. She was full to the point of pain, minutes away from wetting herself. Her watch said 8:43. Each jump was delivering her to a point a few seconds later than the previous jump, meaning she was creeping inexorably forward in the time stream. In five jumps, she’d lost about two minutes. She couldn’t do this many more times before her own timeline became locked into inevitability.

Maybe it was inevitable anyway. Where was she going to go this time? Ladies room—mobbed. Men’s room—out of the question. Shopping concourse restrooms—closed. Basement level restrooms—unlabeled, if there even were any. It seemed like she’d tried everything.

*ping!* There was the express elevator to the upper floors where she’d lost it the first time. Won’t catch me there again. She walked a few steps just to keep moving, looking frantically everywhere around her for…for what?

PARKING

The sign had an arrow pointing to a set of blank metal doors tucked away in the far corner of the mezzanine. Her own car was out on the street—the meters didn’t run this late on a Friday—but she remembered now that the conference center had a multi-level parking garage connected to it.

Her feet were carrying her there before her mind had even made the decision.

She pushed open the massive doors and stepped out into a concrete and glass stairwell. Looking out through the glass, she saw a well-lit garage with a hundred or more parked cars. A sign identified this as level two. Headlights shone in her eyes briefly as a car crested the top of the ramp and cruised slowly along the length of the level, trolling for an open space. Men and women pulling suitcases on wheels were walking towards her. Oh God I need to go! She knew so vividly what it would feel like to just let go and completely cover the stairwell landing with pee.

Instead, she turned and ran up the stairs to level three.

More traffic. That same car, still looking for a space.

Another flight, up to level four. Moving was good. Climbing stairs felt better than standing still. When she stopped on the landing to look out through the glass again, she lost a spurt and had to grip herself. Crossing her legs and writhing, she managed to stop the flow before it was enough to start running down her legs. This level was only half full. The trolling car was pulling into a space at the far end, while closer to the stairs a tired-looking woman slung an enormous shoulder bag over her shoulder and closed the trunk of her car with a whump.

Still gripping herself, Liu turned and fled up another level. Oh God oh God oh God. Level five had only a scattering of cars. Just duck between two of them and squat, she told herself. But when Liu pushed open the glass door, she heard voices. Coming this way? She retreated, letting the door close again, and ran up more steps.

Level six. Empty. The oil-stained cement floor, narrow pillars at regular intervals the concrete railing around the edge, and past that, the darkness of night and the lights of other buildings. She was doubled over, fist in her crotch to keep from peeing for just a few more seconds. She didn’t even deliberate with herself; she just pushed open the glass door and hobbled out into the garage. The night air was cool, and a breeze wafted through, carrying the sounds of traffic from the street below.

She could hear the same voices she’d heard on level five, but far away now. Not so threatening. She felt she ought to retreat into a corner, but really, there was nowhere to hide in this completely open, completely empty expanse. She managed a few steps to one side so she wouldn’t be directly in front of the glassed-in stairwell,

and lifted her dress to her waist,

and slid her pantyhose down to her knees,

and squatted down,

and grinned from ear to ear,

and PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED!

She almost wept with relief, it felt so good to finally let go. The hiss of her water was quiet in the open space of the garage. As her puddle deepened and spread, the sound turned to a gentle gurgle. She checked her watch again. 8:54. She’d lasted a couple of minutes more this time. Running up all those stairs might have helped. 8:55 now, and the gushing stream tapered off to a trickle and then a few drops and then stopped at last. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath.

And peed again. Even this final afterflow seemed to go on for almost as long as an ordinary pee would have.

Finally she was done. She squeezed out one last spurt and stood up, pulling Wiggins’ handkerchief out of her pocket and using it to wipe and blot herself dry. Her pantyhose were damp at the crotch, but nothing catastrophic. She pulled them up, adjusted them, let her dress fall around her thighs, and turned to go back…

Oh Crap.

A security camera. An LED indicator above the lens glowed to indicate that it was active.

Do I care?

Crap.

All I need at this stage in my career is for somebody to post that to YouTube. “Nobel Prize winning scientist lifts her dress and pees in a parking garage!” I’m just starting to get some real public acclaim. They’d start calling me Dr. Loo if that gets on the internet. She reached into her purse and powered up the time turner. Again.

She sighed deeply, but squared her shoulders. Looking up into the camera, she mouthed the words “You wish,” and pressed ACTIVATE.

