Things To Come
  Magazine cover story
By Fluidity

Time magazine cover story, June 13, 2005:

The cover shows a sheet with the silhouettes of a male and female body: the male, in profile, is holding his penis which is urinating a stream onto the woman's body; the woman is shown, hands on hips, slightly squatting, urinating between her legs into a large glass jar which is over three/quarters full. The title of the cover story is:

WATER SPORTS OUT OF THE CLOSET AND INTO THE BEDROOM

In the cover story are the following items:

Many social historians identify the time the internet took off as the moment that turned the tide toward public acceptance of water sport. Among the subjects that were publicly discussed for the first time, was watersports. Earlier, the almost universal interest in the subject was kept private in the mistaken belief that no one else shared it The internet exploded that belief. Primary credit can be given to those early Internet pioneers, Patches' Place, femaledesperation.com, and Monty's Watersports Forum. The news group, alt.sex.fetish.watersports could have played a part, but it was overwhelmed with spam.

Just last month, the Surgeon General of the United States stated publicly that young women need to be taught in school to practice safe water sports, and thus avoid the urinary tract infections which have become epidemic the past few years. "It's O.K. to let your bladder fill up over an afternoon and evening's partying, looking forward to the pleasure that you can receive when you snuggle with your boy friend, but you must empty your bladder before going to bed," said Surgeon General Robertson.

Some women have learned to hold their bladders and expand their capacity to well over a liter, which allows them to go up to 36 hours without voiding. This practice, called Sallying by many (the reference is obscure), may be fun, but there is a consequence that they should consider: an increased risk of urinary tract infection.

College medical departments say the most proscribed drug is uromyacin, the most effective antibiotic in the treatment of urinary infection in women. Men do not suffer from this because of their inability to hold their bladders for extended periods for pleasure.

