Lunambra 2-3

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Three - Ride

Queen Jenara was glad that the hard leather of her saddle pressed into her private areas, it always made it easier to ride for so long without relief. Still, the bouncing as her black mare trotted along caused the liquids within her to press down with great force. Every time she did this, she wondered how her horse would react if she were to wet herself while riding. Of course she would never do such a thing, but the thought still amused her. She sat up straighter, removing some pressure from herself, but it made the bouncing even worse. She squeezed her legs on either side of the animal, wanting to get back to the castle as soon as possible.

A few meters in front of her, the new stable girl Mary Estenna rode along on a small white stallion. Her horse was obviously young and untrained, swerving around the stone path with a rebellious attitude. She kicked at the beast's sides to keep it on the path, and soon she pulled it to a halt and gingerly dismounted. "Excuse me for a moment, my Queen," she said, starting to walk off the path into the trees.

"What are you doing, girl?" Queen Jenara asked her.

"I need to pee," Mary said simply.

"Oy, you...you wait right there," Jenara blustered. "What is the matter with you, saying that in front of Royalty?"

Mary looked confused. "You asked what I was doing, so I told you."

"Yes, but you will do that in your own home. Get back on your horse and ride on," Jenara ordered.

Mary turned to Jenara, bending one knee and placing a hand on her belly. "Are you in a hurry? Do you need to relieve yourself as well? I can handle your dress."

"WERE YOU RAISED IN A BARN, GIRL?" Jenara shouted.

"Yes."

Jenara sighed. "Of course. Listen to me, a woman cannot just do that out in the trees. We have to hold ourselves to a higher standard."

"That's bollocks," Mary quipped. "What true reason is there to keep myself uncomfortable? There are no men around us, we are the only ones for miles. You mean to tell me that in all your journeys, you've never had to empty yourself along the way?"

Jenara closed her eyes for a moment. Her memory flashed back to the woods near Olsha Fortress, where she once sat on a fallen tree, her legs and womanly area in the open air with her servant Marina pressing against her belly as she soaked the earth in front of her. It had been a special circumstance, she had been bound in a dungeon for nearly an entire day with half a barrel of wine in her belly and only ten seconds of relief the whole time. The memory made her current pressure increase, and she squeezed her legs even tighter. Her horse whinnied its displeasure. She opened her eyes and looked back towards Mary, who was now bouncing on the balls of her feet.

"Please, my Queen. If you do not let me do it now, I fear for my horse," she said with a dry chuckle.

Jenara sighed again. "It is not often that I get out-debated by a servant, but I believe you may have a point. I too could use a break. Come, help me from this animal." Mary stepped forwards and took Jenara's hand, guiding her as she slid off the tall horse. The pressure in her bladder immediately increased, but she remained still. "Where do you want to do it, then?"

"This is usually where I stop for it when I ride on my own. There's a nice spot surrounded by pines a couple dozen meters into the trees, nobody could see even if they were looking for us. Please come now, I don't know how much time I have left here..."

Jenara grinned as she followed the stable girl. She remembered her childhood, when she was still training for her duties as a Queen. She had wet herself countless times as she was forced to sit still for eight hours, the average length of a war meet or other council. This bit of training was once every week. Of course, it was all to prepare her for the real thing so the same would not happen at a time of importance. She could almost feel it, pushed to the front of her memory.

She sat in a wooden chair with her handmaiden across from her, shaking her head with her hands over her eyes as her body gave out and she soaked her dress through. Every time she wet herself, the dress was shown to her mother just to humiliate her into holding it better next time. Eventually, she could make it through eight hours with ease. The training was considered complete after she could wait for an entire day without relief, a feat she barely accomplished just days before her sixteenth birthday. Now, she was thirty-seven, and could easily wait for over twenty-four hours with little difficulty.

Now, she had only been without relief for about six hours. She had wine and a lot of water with breakfast, plus a one liter water skin while riding. Of course she felt the desire to let it out, but there was no true need for it. In all honesty, she was worried about being left alone on the road, albeit for only a couple of minutes. She had been paranoid ever since her kidnapping, understandably so, and although Mary was only a small girl Jenara felt an illusion of safety with another. Soon Jenara was being led through a patch of thick pines, then she stepped out into a small, secluded clearing. A fallen tree lay a few feet away, and yellow and red flowers lined the perimeter of the clearing. It was obviously not a naturally-formed location. "Did you set up this area, Mary?" Queen Jenara asked.

"Aye, I did," Mary said. "This is pretty much my home. The stable house is smelly, dirty, old, and falling apart. I often sleep here, I stop here to relieve myself on my rides, and I..." She stopped suddenly, looking to her feet as she squirmed.

"You can tell me," Jenara said softly to her. "I promise you will not be judged for anything you say here." She watched as Mary bent her knees and squeezed her thin legs together. Jenara feigned interest in the girl's life, but in reality she was finding it amusing to watch her get more and more desperate as she talked. Mary reminded Jenara of herself at a younger age. Just enough respect to keep from getting exiled, but enough of a talk-back attitude to show her personality.

"Well, I've brought some friends here..."

"What of boyfriends?" Jenara asked with a sly smile.

"I've...no interest in boyfriends. Men are all...displeasing, to me."

"You mean women, then? Are you queer?"

Mary turned bright red. "I don't have to answer that. Such acts are not allowed under the word of-"

"Be calm, girl," Jenara whispered. "I...understand. Ever since my husband died, I have had trouble even looking suitors in the face. All men remind me of him, for he was like all other men. Loud, drunk, and mean when the latter. All I miss of him is the physical pleasure he gave me, and to be perfectly honest I have learned to do the same on my own."

"On your own?" Mary asked. "What do you mean?"

Jenara blinked, and she felt herself flushing, something very rare for a Queen. "Yes...I have learned over the years that I can bring myself to satisfaction using...well, my own hands. It has saved me the desire of finding a new husband, as in my right mind I have no need for him. My son is ready to take the throne."

"How do you do it?" Mary asked quickly.

"I couldn't possibly explain," Jenara sputtered. "It is a very private matter, I do not know what I was thinking to bring it up in the first place."

"Please," Mary said, in a voice very near to a beg. "Ever since I reached womanhood, I have wondered what it would feel like. When I was a child, my parents told me never to touch myself down there because God says it is wrong, but if you, the Queen, do it..."

Jenara sighed. "Many people say God forbids a thing, simply because they do not understand the thing. Why would God make us capable of such feelings and sensations if we were not supposed to take advantage of them? I cannot believe I am saying this, but if you truly want to learn, I would be willing to...show you. Be warned, however, that if word of this reaches the ears of ANYONE, I will have your head as a slanderer of Royalty."

Mary was not afraid of the Queen's words, as she knew that she would never make this known to another soul. She looked at the Queen, so beautiful even though she was a little over twice her own age of eighteen. Her long, shining hair was bunned behind her head and her breasts showed prominently from her corset. "I would never do any such thing, my Queen. You have my word, for what it is worth from a stable girl. Just let me finally release this lake inside me first..." Mary grasped for the bottom of her thin dress, turning to face away from Jenara. She pulled the dress up, revealing her backside. Jenara could see Mary's flower between her legs.

An idea suddenly formed inside Jenara's head just as Mary began to squat. She did not know why she thought of this, only that it was something she wanted. "Wait!" Jenara called out. Mary stood straight again, slamming her left hand between her legs and looking to Jenara, desperate and confused. "There is a condition," Jenara said. "I will only do this for as long as you hold your waters. If you release yourself, I will walk back to the horses and we will be done with this. But for as long as you wait, I will introduce you to pleasures you could have never imagined."

Mary dropped her dress, her eyes worried and her legs held tightly together. "My Queen, I do not know why you want this, but I really cannot wait any longer. I will soon soak my dress if you do not let me pee right now."

"I can tell from looking at you that you are not truly at your limit. You are bouncing around, holding yourself, twisting your legs together. I have been there many times, I know what it feels like to completely lose control. Your body grows tight, your womanhood quivers, you look to be some months pregnant and your belly feels as hard as a pumpkin." Jenara strode across the clearing to Mary, pressing her thumbs against the girl's stomach. She inhaled sharply and bent over, but Jenara felt the flesh give slightly. "You are not yet at your limit, and if I am to show you my most private things, you will do this for me."

Mary was breathing heavily. She felt moisture between her legs, but she did not believe she had leaked yet. She glanced down, the Queen's chest nearly in her face. "I...will do as you ask," she whispered. "I will wait as long as I possibly can. Show me."

Jenara smiled and stepped back. "Help me out of my dress."

