Tracy and Cathy were walking through the nature reserve, using it as a shortcut from the restaurant where they worked to the flat where they lived.
Cathy was still dressed in her work clothes that consisted of mid–thigh black skirt, black tights and white blouse. Tracy had changed out of her skirt into a pair of blue jeans..
It was a warm day and before leaving work both girls had helped themselves to the remains of a half full bottle of white wine left by a customer. Neither was anywhere near drunk, but they were slightly merry.
As they passed a small pond, Tracy nudged Cathy and said, "Dare you to go in with your clothes on."
Cathy looked at her friend and then at the pond. If it wasn't for the wine and warmth she would probably have ignored the challenge, but when the wine is in– the wit, as they say, is out.
"Dare you," Tracy repeated jokingly.
With a shrug Cathy stepped into the water. It came to her knees. She then knelt down. The water climbed over her legs, skirt and up to her waist. She then fell forward into the water, completely submerging all but her head. She gasped as the water drenched her.
Once she was soaked right through she stood up, water pouring off her wet clothing as it clung to her body. Her bra showed quite clearly through her sodden and transparent white blouse. The black skirt gleamed with the wet and clung to her thighs. The black tights had also become quite shiny.
Cathy casually stepped out of the pond and stood dripping on the path. Tracy stared at her soaked friend and couldn't believe she'd actually gone and done it. She also realized that Cathy would now inevitably return the favor and dare her to go in fully clothed. Now she wished she hadn't changed out of her short skirt and into the blue jeans.
"Now I dare you," Cathy said, while running her hands over her wet clothing to try and push the water out of it. "I dare you to wet yourself."
Tracy was about to step into the pond when the full impact of Cathy's words hit her.
"Wet myself?" she asked.
"Yes. Right now. And don't say you can't because you've been going on about how badly you need to go since we left work."
It was true. Tracy had been hurrying because she had a full bladder. Why the hell she hadn't gone before leaving work she didn't know – probably because she liked to get away from her workplace as fast as possible. Her bladder was certainly full.
But– wet herself? She could put up with getting wet in the pond, but to pee herself...?
"Come on," Cathy said. "I did my dare." She pulled at the clinging blouse as if to emphasize the fact. "Not weaseling out, are you?"
Tracy knew she could refuse, but oddly enough the thought of refusing was more shaming than wetting herself. Why the hell had she changed?
"So you're chicken?" Cathy taunted.
Tracy took a deep breath and spread her legs slightly and relaxed her bladder. All her instincts told her not to do this. 25 year olds simply don't pee in their clothing. It took a moment before the flow started. She made one abortive attempt – a small squirt, not even enough to stain her crotch. Then she took a deep breath and let go completely.
She gasped as the warm liquid started its journey from her bladder to the ground. First she became aware of the pee pooling in her crotch before soaking through her tights and knickers. It started as a trickle, but within seconds had turned into a flood, soaking right up her ass and pouring down the front and backs of her legs. Tracy couldn't quite believe how wet she was getting. She'd expected the pee to run down the inside of her legs, but it was completely soaking her. She looked at her jeans and whimpered as she saw how the front of her thighs were dark blue and glistening with the pee soaking mercilessly through the denim.
It continued pouring down her legs, soaking the denim above her knees and filling her shoes. Tracy turned her legs to get a look at the spot on the back of her legs and winced as she saw smaller, but still significant stains soaking the denim there.
And still her bladder kept emptying. It felt like there was no end to the blasted flow. Pee was now pouring out of her shoes and a little waterfall was falling from her crotch.
Cathy was grinning all over her face at the sight of her friend so spectacularly soiling herself. "Boy, you really did want to go badly," she said.
Finally the flow stopped and Tracy gave a little cry of relief. However the damage to her jeans was immense. Her crotch was virtually soaked completely as was the front of her legs. There was only the odd patch below the knees where the denim was still dry. She felt slightly stunned at how wet she'd got. She ran her hands over her bum and felt the slap of pee soaked denim there as well.
Tracy felt really embarrassed. Cathy was as wet below the waist, but the fact was that Tracy's wet was pee as opposed to pond water and that made it all the worse. She took a couple of steps and winced as the pee soaked denim and tights stuck to her legs. Her jeans felt heavier and she became aware of the smell in the warm, still air.
"Satisfied?" she asked Cathy.
Cathy smirked. "Look on the bright side, Tracy. At least your blouse is still nice and dry."
PeeJay