A Very Intresting Night

by bobcat109

BOBCATS BACK'

This story that started out this evening as a blog post, It is more or less the same post, But I thought about it in the pub,

And decided the content is too good to be left untold, Just in case some of you guys never read blogs, I will give you an idea of how this came about, We both got home about six pm. I met sara in the lane leading to our house. As we drove the short distance home I ask her if she was okay and did she have a good day. Her reply was. Yes she had a good day and she was okay. Now with it being Friday I said to her shall we go out this evening maybe just to the pub for a while and she said yes that will be nice. Parking the car I said lets get something to eat first then shower and then we'll go down the pub. She then rolled her eyes at me and asked ? Can I use the toilet when we get in. I replied to her. I thought you said you where okay, her reply was. YES I am but got a funny feeling downstairs, can I ? she asked again, I said no wait till we get to the pub.

She just tossed her head back flicking hair from her face as she did so. Okay she said and breezed in to the house past me. Straight up the stairs and into the bedroom, put her coat away kicked off her shoes, flashed me a glance and strode out, as I left the bedroom onto the landing sara was standing on the top stair head slightly bowed and looking into the Bathroom, I asked, ? are you alright love, she shot me a glance spun around and started down the stairs, over her shoulder I heard her shout, me I am fine just that the toilet bowl looked really inviting.

I finished what I was doing and then went downstairs, As I came into the Kitchen She turned away from the Sink to face me and asked, Chips okay with you I have peeled some potatoes, There is some cold meat in the fridge, That okay, I noticed she was pacing her weight one foot to the other, then crossing her legs the uncrossing them then crossing them again, She turned back to the sink, put both hands palm down on the draining board, Lifted her heel up to touch her bottom, 

Then stamped her foot down hard, throwing her head back sucked air in hard then let it out in a wince sound, She spun round to face me, and asked could I wash the potatoes, as the sound of water was doing things to her, I just said yes I can do that, As she passed me she said I will get the meat and by the way what time are we going out, I replied I have had a shower so as soon as we have eaten we'll go out, with that she said I better go and shower now then and we will eat when I come back down, I just replied okay you go up now I will finish dinner, and off she went, I thought to my self that’s that for now because she will pee in the shower, when she came down she looked stunning, a little lippy, bit of eye shadow, hair fizzed up the way she like it, a cream low cut off the shoulder top, and a very long wine coloured dress down to just above the ankles, and a pair of wine coloured shoes to match.

She came in and stood in the door way did a little twirl and asked do I look okay, took two steps toward me then stopped dead in her tracks and shot a hand between her legs, closed her eyes, gritted her teeth, gave a load wince, stamped one foot hard on the ground, Then as if nothing happened she opened her eyes smiled at me and carried on walking toward me, asking is dinner ready, I said yeh come on lets eat but are you okay.

She shook her head and said No I really really need the toilet, Curiously I asked, Didn’t you go in the shower, She half smiled at me and said, very tempted to do so, but you know our rule, When I make you a promise to wait for you, I only go when you give me permission, But for gods sake darling lets not be too long in getting to the pub, I am absolutely

------Bursting here, With that the phone rang, I answered it was a friend telling me about something he found out about on the internet, I told him I was about to eat and I will call him back, Well we sat there at the table having our dinner, Sara on the other side eating with one hand the other one was out of sight under the table, She was doing her best to enjoy her meal, But the steady rocking back and forth in her chair, then the occasionally closing her eyes, biting her bottom lip and giving out a long wince ohhhhh then trying to eat again, every now and again she would look up and give me a little smile shake her head from side to side and say I'm okay just dieing to go the toilet, once she pushed her chair back stood up and said oh Christ dave can I go the toilet.

Slipping both hands between her legs and bending over at the waist, I said to her, go on then go, she straightened up straight as a pencil smoothed her dress out with the palm of her hand smiled at me and sat down, saying wow that was a bad one its past now I’m okay. I will finish dinner but I am not F-----g washing up till after we come home, I said to her won't be a moment just got to make a phone call then we can go out, She looked at me and said you better not be too long getting me to the pub I am just about ******* myself, I said to her, I did tell you that you can go, she waved a hand at me and said, 

I told you I will wait till we get to the pub and that’s what I will do, I will hold on for you just don’t be to bloody long about it, She stood up and started walking back and forth across the kitchen, I rang my friend and he told me about this web site he found, one that makes you money for a little investment, A dead cert money earner, After telling me about it we hung up, I just could not believe in what I have just been told so went through to the computer that we have in the front room and logged on, I just forgot about sara and logged on, I was amazed, as it is true a bloody good site.

I have included the part about the site at the bottom here, I do recommend that you take look, Anyway I was about to log off when sara came and stood in the doorway, both hand pressing hard into her crotch, bouncing up and down, Running on the spot, Dropping down into a squat and immediately standing up again then standing cross legged, then in a low voice she said dave sorry but I cannot wait for the pub, I will start peeing my self as soon as we get out the door, So please love can I go wee wee now, I said not right now let me log off the computer then I will take you, Doing a mad run on the spot she said you don’t understand dave I desperately need the f---k toilet now,

Please just say go, or I will pee myself please I am about to start f----g weeing, then she started stamping her two feet up and down with both hands pushed right under her self and moaning, She then started turning round in circles, chanting as she did so, dave I’m really bursting it hurts, Dave I need I wee, dave please I do need a wee wee, can I go to the toilet now dave, pleeease I neeed a pissss, Dave I have held it all night, Gawwed dave please say I can go now I am f---g bursting, absolutely desperate to use the toilet, bloody hell dave its burning me, can I go now please.

All this was said in a mater of seconds, and I replied one second I have just logged off. She came over to me and dropped into a squat by my feet, I then noticed she was starting to cry, So I left everything scooped her up in my arms and took out to the back door to the waste grid, I knew she would not make it up stairs so she went there, She really made sure I got some as well, after we both had another shower changed our cloths and went out as planned, Anyway that website I was on about this is it at the bottom do try it, It will make you money Guaranteed.

