I last left you with the story of my threesome with my neighbor Casey and her gorgeous friend Kendra. Casey and I had made a plan with the intention of making Kendra have an accident along with us. Our plan was almost successful, except that Kendra found a trashcan at the last second and used it as a toilet. I didn't even get to watch her unleash her flow, as she ran into another room. Nevertheless, Casey and I both had our intentional accidents and enjoyed a night long of sex with Kendra. It was amazing. (If you have no idea what I am talking about please read my previous story)
About three weeks passed when I got a call from Kendra. I totally didn't even expect to hear from her again, unless I ran into her and Casey. After that one night Casey and I had hooked up a couple of more times. The sex was just too good to not do it again.
Anyway, Kendra called me to chat. But about two minutes into the conversation she admitted that she was feeling extremely horny and was curious if I wanted to come over to her place. She openly admitted that she had been masturbating the past couple of days thinking about our one night. I would be a liar to say that I hadn't been doing the same. So, without wasting much time I headed over to her place.
Kendra greeted me at the door wearing just her bra and panties. I entered and immediately we fucked hard. Not only does Kendra have one of the best bodies that I have seen, but also she really is a pro in bed. She hasn't had many partners, but she loves to watch porn and credits that for her great moves in the sack.
After we fucked for the second time we sat in bed and opened a bottle of wine and talked for a bit. After a while Kendra brought up the topic of Casey and I wetting ourselves. Before I could say anything she admitted it was a turn on for her. She said she loved the feeling of being desperate and having to hold it. She said that if we hadn't gotten back to Casey's apartment and she hadn't grabbed that trash can in the last second that she would have wet her pants along with us, she had to go just that bad. I told her I wish I could have seen it. Kendra then admitted that she had been wetting herself in the shower a couple of times over the last two weeks. She said she knew something was weird that one night when Casey's bathroom was locked from the inside. She didn't care though that Casey and I had planned that. She said the whole situation had gotten her turned on.
I again brought up the point that I wanted so bad to see her have an accident. But– not one that was on purpose, one that was truly an accident. She said that she would be willing to do it. She said she didn't even care if it were in front of other friends. She said it would be hot if some of her other friends were there to see it as well and also got desperate at the same time, much like the time with Casey and I.
I told her to think of how she wanted to do it and I would do the same.
I got back to Kendra a day or so later and told her there was a home college football game at the school nearby this weekend. I told her I would get some tickets and she could invite some girlfriends to come along. We could set up our situation by having a tailgate party. I knew of a spot near the stadium that was a parking garage. I would plan for us to park at the top of the garage on the open level about two hours before kickoff. Now, there are no bathrooms near this garage, or on the way to the stadium. I know because I had parked there before and had to go bad. I expected to find a place on the way to the stadium and found none. I had to hold it while taking the fifteen–minute walk to the stadium. Then I had to hold it like another ten minutes while I waited in line at the game. I was actually worried that time that I wouldn't make it, but I did somehow.
Kendra was excited about my idea and said she would start calling some of her girlfriends. I told her to call the hot ones. I told her I was also thinking that if she wet her pants or one of the other girls did before the game started that maybe we would come back to her place and see if any of them were turned on by what happened and might be interested in a bit of group sex. I thought that was an outside chance, but Kendra said she knew just who might fit that profile. She said that she and some of her girlfriends liked to strip for each other every now and then.
I purchased the tickets the next day and got a call from Kendra that night. She had already found two friends, Robyn and Stacia, to come along. She knew both might be up for some action afterwards as well. She said if that were to happen that she would have to tape it. I don't know how I fall into these situations, but damn– it is good stuff.
The day of the game came around and I was to pick up the girls at Kendra's place. I packed a cooler full of beer, coke, and wine and also brought along some snacks.
I then got over to Kendra's place about two hours before kickoff. The girls were ready to go, especially Kendra. She looked great, dressed in a black low cut top that just showed a world of cleavage. Those size D boobs were just busting out of her top, I don't know how I ever was able to look away. She was wearing tight khaki cotton pants. They were tight around her ass and upper legs and then fell a little looser around her calves. There would be no concealing any accident today. I was pleased with her friends. Robyn had a beautiful face and decent body. She had a generous butt and about size B tits. She was wearing a red polo shirt and relaxed jeans, tight around her butt though. Stacia was a real hottie though. She was a blonde with a body to compete with Kendra, no joke. She had on a white long sleeve top and a tight black shorts. She had great long tan legs. Her top wasn't tight but I could tell she might have D size breasts as well (I actually asked Kendra while we were tailgating if she had seen them and knew how big they are. Kendra said they are huge, bigger than hers, but that Stacia doesn't like to wear tight tops to attract attention to her chest, unlike Kendra. I knew I had to see them and hold them later.
It seemed the girls had already had a couple glasses of wine before we left the house. All three used the bathroom before we left. That is a good thing because they would have already "broken the seal", making their need to go that much more often.
We got on our way and were able to get a spot on the top of the parking deck. It was a gorgeous day outside. We popped the back tailgate of my Jeep and put on some music and began drinking. The whole time we spent tailgating was tough on me because I kept on picturing Kendra naked and fantasizing about having sex with all three of these girls. Anyways, about forty–five minutes had passed and the girls were putting away the beer and wine at a pretty good pace. After about an hour Stacia asked if there were any portable toilets nearby. I told her I was pretty sure there weren't any near the parking garage and that she would probably have to wait until we got into the game. She got serious and asked if I was joking. Kendra jumped in, "Hey Mikey, we might have to go in early then because I gotta go too."
"Ok, we'll see. But I gotta have some more beers before we go in. I can't go in without a buzz. You're both big girls, you can hold it," I said.
I immediately changed the topic and we all kept on drinking. But about fifteen minutes later Stacia asked me how long it would take to get to the stadium. I was honest and told her it would take about fifteen minutes. She asked if there was any place before the stadium to use a ladies' room. I said I wasn't sure, but that probably there was one (even though I knew there wasn't). She said she hated to make us all go in ahead of time but that she really needed to go. Robyn and Kendra both admitted that they too were feeling quite a need.
"God, I'm busting to go!! There better be a place before the stadium, Mikey, because I don't think I can make it all the way there!" Kendra cried as we began getting our things together.
A couple of minutes later we started our journey towards the stadium. Two minutes into our walk Stacia was very quiet. She was walking with her arms across her chest, showing the signs of desperation that I have picked up on by now. Kendra was walking quickly while talking out loud, "Come on, come on...there has got to be something."
Two minutes later Kendra stopped and crossed her legs hard. We all stopped for her, "You guys...this isn't funny. I can't hold it much longer, how much farther is it?"
I tried to reassure Kendra that we could make it. One problem for these girls is we were walking through the campus where there aren't too many things to hide behind, especially with people everywhere. Stacia began asking people that were passing by if they knew of any restrooms nearby. Fortunately for me they were telling her the same thing that I was, that there wasn't any around for at least 500 yards. Kendra got a hold of herself for the moment and we pressed on.
Not too much further on down the road I could now see the extreme desperation on Stacia's face. We could now see the stadium and hear the band playing in the distance. The crowds were starting to build in front of us.
"Guys, we have to find something like right now! I can't make it there," begged Stacia. Kendra stopped and crossed her legs hard again while rubbing her thighs. She too looked on the verge of tears. Surely it wouldn't be long. I loved every second. Just then Robyn spotted the only hope for the girls, in a parking lot about 70 yards away. There were two portable toilets, however both had lines of about ten people in them. Without a word Stacia began walking quickly towards them, leaving us behind.
I turned to Kendra, "Oh my God Mikey...I can't make it there! Oh my God!!! What am I gonna do?" Kendra cried. Robyn was still with us while Stacia was heading off in the distance now on a straight line for the portable toilets. Now I know Kendra wanted to do this, but I think she was having second thoughts with all of these people around. It would be total humiliation for her if she couldn't make it.
She grabbed herself a few times and began almost jogging with Robyn to try to make it. I was right behind her– I didn't want to miss this.
We got there in two seconds and Kendra got right behind Stacia in line. Stacia was doing the biggest pee dance that I had ever seen. She was slightly bent over with her legs scissoring back and forth rapidly. She could not stand still. Again, I knew Kendra agreed to have an accident, but now I was wondering if she was really trying to hold on. Stacia had Kendra hold their spot in line and she went to the front and begged to cut in line. The second guy in line could see how desperate Stacia was and he let her in line behind the girl who was next. Stacia got in line a crossed her legs hard while slightly bent over. Kendra saw what happened and walked to the front as well asking the guy the same thing. Now some girls who were about fifth and sixth in line started yelling at the guys not to let them cut in line because they all needed to go just as bad. The girls would not shut up. One girl got out of line and went to Kendra and Stacia and demanded they get in the back. Stacia and Kendra were absolutely begging with her. Just then the one guy exited the porta–john and the next girl went in. Stacia was supposed to go next. Kendra gave up arguing with the girl and returned to the back, Stacia was not giving up though and did not move from being next. She was really panicking. She could not keep still. The girl that had been arguing with her had taken her place in line again. The girls that she was standing with were all doing a pee dance of some sort. Kendra got out of line and came over to Robyn and I, "What a fucking bitch!! I can't hold it any longer...ohh!!! Robyn come with me and stand in front of me, I'm going to go over and pee behind some cars..." demanded Kendra.
Kendra began walking quickly towards some clusters of cars with Robyn and I following her. She was having trouble finding a quiet spot without a lot of people around. She stopped for a second and squatted down, then regained herself and stood back up. She was taking deep breaths and walking quickly. A couple of lines of cars later we found a spot without a lot of people around. We told Kendra to squat and go for it. Robyn stood on one side of her and I on the other. Kendra took a quick look around and didn't waste time. She quickly ripped down her zipper and pants. She had on black lace panties, which she left up. She quickly squatted and a second later we heard the pee hissing against her panties and flooding onto the pavement. Kendra was moaning and breathing heavily, "Ohh...thank God!!!...Ooh...I never had to go so bad!!!... " I watched the whole thing happen right at my feet and I was fighting an oncoming hard on. She peed for just over a minute I think, then rubbed her crotch in an attempt to dry it off somewhat. She stood up and pulled her pants back up. God– is she sexy. That was so hot. Robyn then admitted that she needed to have a pee. Kendra told her to go for it, and that we would keep watch. There weren't many people near us. Robyn asked me not to look and I turned my back. I heard Robyn unzip and pull her jeans down. About ten seconds later I heard her stream begin. God, how I wished I could watch. I looked back over at the porta–johns and Stacia had come back out and was looking for us. I told Kendra and Robyn I was going to get her and I ran after her. I got to Stacia and found no evidence of an accident.
"Oh...there you are. Where are Kendra and Robyn?" asked Stacia.
"We had to run behind some cars, Kendra couldn't hold it. They'll be here in a second," I explained.
"God that was close! I wanted to punch that girl that was yelling at us. I almost peed my pants...God it was so close!" she said in relief.
Kendra and Robyn rejoined us. Kendra had a small damp patch in her crotch from her wet panties. The girls kinda laughed it off and we began walking for the stadium again. So, I hadn't gotten the complete pants wetting that I had wanted from Kendra, but the day wasn't over.
I will fill you in on the rest in Part 2.
I welcome any emails or comments you have about my experiences. I have become infatuated with this topic. Desperation to find a place to pee has become the best kind of foreplay in my mind. Feel free to share any stories that you have on this topic.
Please email me at: chanthegolfer@aol.com
Mikey ( Click on the name to email Mikey )