Authors note: This story is fiction, drawn from my somewhat twisted imagination. Still, I like to think that somewhere, sometime, something like this may have really happened. My name is Janet and I run a travel agency. I was visiting some clients in a large office building after lunch. I got into the elevator with another woman and four men and we started up, only to come to a jarring stop. From the emergency phone we learned that something had jammed and the service man had been called. The time passed slowly, and I started talking with the other woman. She was a secretary in the building named Karen, a friendly, nice looking brunette a few years younger than myself. After an hour we were friends, but I was wishing I had peed before I got on the elevator. I also noticed that one of the guys as well as Karen had started to squirm. Karen seemed to be in the worse shape, and that had my pussy creaming. I am a bisexual gal with a strong preference for women, and nothing is more intensely attractive to me than a woman bursting to piss. Another twenty minutes without a rescue and Karen and I were both doing the "have to pee so bad" dance. My bladder felt like it was almost ready to explode, and I knew that I would be wetting my pants soon. Then the guy announced that "this is bullshit," turned around and pulled out his cock, and started pissing loudly into the corner. Listening to him, I almost wet myself right then and there, and Karen was becoming frantic. Her back to the wall, she bent over, jammed both fists up into her crotch, and cried out like a wounded animal. "For Gods sake, just do it" I pleaded with her. "I can’t. I...I just can’t do it here." She was in absolute agony. "Sure you can," I said as I touched her arm. "We can do it together." "You don’t have to do that," she sounded ready to cry. "Yes, I do have to do it," I exaggerated slightly as I put my arm gently around her. "I can’t hold it any longer".
"I don’t know," she answered as she squirmed some more.
Her body relaxed a bit as her urge diminished temporarily. I got in front of her and looked at her frightened face. "Can you think of another time that you had to pee this bad?" She nodded yes. "Now think about how good it felt when it came out." Karen nodded, but then her body tensed up as she fought back another urge to piss. "Please, just think about how good it felt when you finally let your pee out." She relaxed for a moment. "Oh God, NO," Karen whispered in panic. She knew her battle was over. Then I heard a gentle hissing sound as she started wetting, and she began to cry in utter humiliation. I hugged Karen, and she hugged back. She wanted to be held while she wet! I couldn’t believe my luck. Karen’s piss started flooding out as she cried and hugged me tighter. I felt her breasts pressing into mine as her warm wetness flowed down my right thigh. And then, as another urge to piss raced through my body, I willingly gave in started peeing into my pants. I loved giving this desperate woman a sympathy piss, knowing the men’s eyes were riveted on our soaking bottoms. We continued hugging and pissing, harder and harder, and a large puddle formed beneath our feet. I moved my pussy against Karen’s thigh so she could feel my piss, and I tried to visualize her cunt, a steaming mass of black hair and hot yellow piss. My clit was less than an inch from Karen’s thigh, and I wanted to masturbate on her so badly. But in this situation, with the men looking, I just couldn’t. Karen stopped crying, but she kept right on pissing for another ten seconds. And then I felt her body tense up, and she stopped. I was not nearly done, but I made myself stop peeing too. I released Karen but she kept holding me, and I wondered if it was just friendship or something more sexual. "Are you finished?" I asked as I squirted one last time into my pants. "No, but I can hold it for a while." She pulled back and was looking at the men. I turned around and saw they all had hard cocks, while the one who had pissed was openly rubbing himself. Using my cell phone I canceled my meeting and Karen called to take the afternoon off. I offered to drive her home since she had taken a car pool to work. And then we waited, and waited, and my need kept growing, as I began to think I might have to wet myself again. Then the elevator finally started moving. It stopped at the first floor where there was a bathroom, but I was such a wet mess I decided to just go down to the underground garage and finish peeing there. I was also hoping that Karen and I could pee together again. By the time we got to my car Karen and I could hardly walk we had to go so bad. "I’m sorry, but I have got to finish peeing, I can’t wait any longer!" I said, feeling real desperation. "Me too," Karen agreed, and we both looked down at the concrete where we knew we were about to empty our bladders. We stared at each other, and I leaned back against my car and we melted into each other’s arms. We were alone and we hugged very tightly, pressing our hardened clits firmly into each other’s right thigh. And then we cut loose, letting our steaming piss flood out of our steaming cunts. I quickly slipped my hand into Karen’s pants, down her smooth fleshy crack, then slid my fingers into her hot torrent and thick lower pubic hairs. I love women with hairy cunts, like mine. A second later I felt Karen’s hand slide down my ass and pull me in, and we kissed and petted passionately as we emptied our bladders. After nearly a minute our flows ebbed, and I was trying to get up the nerve to masturbate on Karen’s thigh, when I felt Karen start to hump her cunt on my thigh! I pulled her into me as hard as I could. I was ready to come a second later but hesitated, a bit embarrassed to lose it so quickly. But we were both on fire and I just let go, my cunt exploded, and a moment later Karen came against me as well. We had four earth shattering orgasms locked in each other’s arms. And then, gasping for breath, Karen let out a final flood of piss on my leg, and I on her. We spent that night and the next two days together. We were like sex crazed Amazons. We kept making love and coming and pissing on each other in every way we could think of. I even got Karen to play a semi–public ‘‘hold it’’ game. Karen really tried, but after our fourth lemonade she was frantic to piss, and she wet herself just off a main street as several cars drove by. "Just hold me" she whispered, and I hugged her as she absolutely flooded her pants and my leg. I could have made it home, but I really wanted to piss my shorts and bring myself off on Karen’s thigh, so when we got to the parking lot I pulled her into me and started doing it. Karen looked at me softly, and then she wet herself again while masturbating her black–haired cunt on my thigh. It was just fantastic! It turns out that Karen had a lesbian experience with an old college roommate as well as with a few others, but she generally prefers men. Karen works for me now, and we still spend occasional weekends together.
Raindancer