Karen-1

by Paul

This is an account of another of my experiences with girlfriends who have been broad-minded enough to experiment with 'desperation' when I have mentioned to them that it would turn me on. In almost all cases it has been a very unselfish act on their behalf, as it hasn't been something they actually like doing, but has been carried out solely to please me. This girl, who was called Karen, eventually thought that holding on was worth doing because of the effect it could have on me!

###

I was going on a business trip which involved travelling to the Midlands from London, and asked Karen, a new acquaintance of three or four weeks, if she would like to accompany me. We had slept together a few times, and had a pretty open, honest relationship. I knew she was not working that day, and figured that it could be fun to spend the whole day getting to know each other.

The drive involved a trip to Sheffield, but I didn't need to spend long there, and because I was able to pick and choose what time I arrived, it seemed a perfect opportunity to make our way up at a leisurely pace. I suppose I picked Karen up at her flat at about 11.30, and we made our way up through London well after the morning traffic. Before embarking on the motorway,we decided to have an early lunch in a pub somewhere,so midday found us in the garden of an inn in North London.

Of course, watching Karen drink lager made me wonder how good her bladder control was, but I didn't know her well enough, really, to have broached the subject of 'holding on' in any way. Certainly, as she rose to visit the Ladies', though I felt a pang of disappointment, it was definitely out of the question to suggest that she refrain for a while.....I'm sure that would have led to a very puzzled look from her. She did come back and finish a half-pint of lager before we left, though, and I remember that gave me a little ray of hope at the time.

At least she didn't go again, I thought as we settled down in my car for what should be about a three hour trip. The alcohol had gone some way toward loosening our tongues, and we chatted away freely for about half an hour, the conversation eventually turning toward sex, how we thought we were quite compatible on that score, and how we enjoyed each others' company. 'Do you like it when I wear stockings?' she asked coyly, knowing the answer in advance. She obviously remembered their effect on me when we had arrived home from a dinner-dance on the previous weekend. 'Absolutely!' I replied, and went on to say that most guys I knew were the same.

She seemed to know this from experience,too. 'So what else really gets you going then?' she continued. Dare I bring the subject up? I considered.....what if she agreed to try? It could be the right situation, with a long drive ahead. I really had no desire to ruin this budding relationship, though, as I really liked her. I'm not a shy person, but I decided I would be very embarrased if I got the wrong reaction from her. Effecting a sort of compromise, I told her a story about when I was on holiday abroad travelling on a minibus from the resort to the airport.... 'About an hour into a three hour bus ride this woman asked the Turkish bus driver if he would stop. I could hear what she said because it was quite a small bus.

Anyway, he really wasn't having any of it, and she soon gave up. I guessed she needed to go to the toilet, and I really don't know why, but it turned me on!' Karen looked puzzled, 'Why? Because she needed a wee?' 'Yes,' I replied, 'I suppose all her dancing about was doing it.' I shrugged. 'I don't really know.' 'What happened then?' 'Well, she sat back down next to her husband and looked really anxious for about another half hour. She was gasping to herself and rocking about, until finally her husband had a go himself at the driver. He seemed to grudgingly agree, and as he started to slow down she stood up, bent over, next to the sliding door.' 'God, it's horrible getting like that. The poor girl!!' said Karen. 'Yeah, but in the end she didn't make it until he stopped....she was wetting her jeans! I have no idea why, but it did something to me I honestly can't explain.' I pretended to be baffled about why I liked it...I could just shrug my shoulders and move on to another subject if I had to.

She wanted to talk about it though, I think more from curiosity than anything else. She asked if a similar thing had happened since. 'No. I don't suppose it's the sort of thing you see very often,' I said. 'I don't suppose it is, no. I see girls desperate for the loo a lot at night clubs and things, when there's a queue in the Ladies', but I can't think of anywhere else. How strange it turns you on!' I shrugged and pretended disinterest. She continued, 'If it's the dancing about that girls do that gets you going, do you think you'd like it if I wanted a wee badly? I've certainly been known to do some dancing on the spot!' 'I really don't know, I suppose we could try.....'

My heart was hammering away with anticipation already, and I hoped she wasn't noticing the change in my voice, which was becoming thick with excitement. 'I say that,' she said, 'because I shall need to stop sometime before Sheffield. As long as we always keep an eye on exactly where the next services are, I could wait until the last minute. Promise me, though, that you stop as soon as I ask you to.' I would have promised anything. 'Yeah, certainly, let's try it. Keep talking to me about how it feels, though, because I wish I could have spoken to that lady on the minibus about her problem. It'll help me judge when to stop for you as well...'

###

As the journey went on Karen talked normally, and probably for an hour she made no mention of her situation. Soon, however, she put her feet up against my dashboard, knees bent, and leaned back a bit. 'Ooooh, if we hadn't had that chat I would have asked you to stop by now.....' 'You're in trouble, are you?' I smiled. ' It's.....OK, but keep an eye on how far the next Service Station is....what I certainly don't want to do is end up like the girl on the bus!' I knew her well enough to know she was too well bred to even consider going the whole way with this.

She would just get a bit desperate, make a bit of a show of it for me, then make sure she got to safety. I would have to think of a way of making it very difficult for her if she was to be in any real trouble. And firstly, ironically, I needed to go! There were Services in about ten miles, and I really hoped she wouldn't want to get out there if I stopped. 'Listen, let me go myself at the next ones, in ten minutes, then can you wait until the following ones? About forty-five minutes?' I tried.

'That'll be OK,' she said,' That's about my limit, though!' I pulled off the motorway a little later, parked right outside the crowded toilets, and, pecking her on the cheek, dashed in. I was actually trembling with arousal at all this, and prayed she wouldn't succumb to temptation. There she was, though, when I got back into my car, still in the same position. She sat with her hands clasped together between her legs, her brown skirt riding up a little to reveal her pantyhose to halfway up her thighs. Several male passers-by had noticed, in fact! 'OK, you've got half an hour of me in the same state as that girl....if not worse.

It didn't help watching you go in! I'll keep letting you know how I'm doing if you like. I hope it's worth it for you, because I'm worried about making it! Come on...' Gazing wistfully at the toilets, she began biting her bottom lip. 'Half an hour, yes?' she asked, concerned. ''bout that.' 'Well, I doubt the girl in Turkey could have been as desperate as I am now, if that helps you any......Does it turn you on to know that?'

'Strange, but it does...' I pretended to be a bit puzzled. She was no longer enjoying this, I could tell, but now that I didn't have to go myself I could really control the situation. Somewhere right at the back of my mind was the thought that it may ruin the relationship to force an actual accident, but I was so dry- mouthed with excitement that I knew I would probably risk it. After about ten minutes Karen picked up a newspaper from the back seat, and started reading. I chuckled. 'Will that take your mind off it?' I asked. 'Not much.' She smiled, and started to read, but with a small frown. Another five minutes went by, during which she started to sigh deeply now and again and gaze out of the window.

Suddenly she said, 'Look, I didn't realise how much I need to go. You may have to stop on the hard shoulder if it gets any worse. That's really embarrassing but I have done it once before. Just drive on, and I'll let you know. You promised, remember?' 'No problem. I think you'll be OK for the services, though.' I kept drawing her further like this, because I loved her continuing to talk to me about how bad she was. 'Ha, I don't know, now. I'm absolutely BURSTING for the loo. I'm DESPERATE!'

Another five minutes passed, then she threw the paper into the back, and said, 'Right, I can honestly say that I can't wait 'til the garage. Find a place to stop, PLEASE!' She had leaned forward until her torso was parallel to her thighs, and whilst studying the great view of the nylon clad legs this further revealed, my heart missed a beat when I noticed she had actually pulled her skirt up at the back so that if she leaked she wouldn't wet it! She really was frantic! 'I'll tell you what, instead of stopping I'll turn off at the next junction, how about that? There'll be more chance of cover for you.....'

'Yes, Yes, Yes, OK, but quick!' Karen had become extremely short with me now, I hoped it wasn't just me but the situation she was in. It was a miscalculation on her part as well, after all, to have thought the next Services were reachable. I continued to feign sympathy. 'Here we go....' I pointed to a sign. 'There's a town three miles to the east if we take this one.' 'Look, Paul, I'm afraid there's no way it'll be the town for me.

Pull over as soon as you get on to the smaller road. It's terrible, but I shall just have to pull my tights down out of the way and squat! God knows who'll see! I just CANNOT go on for three miles.' Both of her hands were clamped tightly in her crotch now, the skirt pushed up at the front as well. She caught me looking, and realised how undignified she looked. Almost tearfully she wailed, 'I don't know you well enough for this to happen to me! It's SO embarrassing! If I relax for an instant I'll wet these knickers! I've never been this bad before, I'm not even sure I won't ruin your seat!' Slowing down for the roundabout above the motorway, we noticed a petrol station visible about four hundred yards away. 'Thank God!' she sobbed, 'Get me in there quick!' I went as slowly as I dared, obviously, and all too soon pulled into the concourse next to a petrol tanker. She had become tensely matter-of-fact: 'Right, the Ladies is outside, so I'll run straight over to it.

Go into the shop in case I need a key, and ask for it. I just PRAY they don't leave it locked!' 'OK, I'll be as quick as I can, don't worry....' We both got out of the car as soon as I stopped. Karen tottered over to the toilets, and I went to the shop, but slowly enough to catch a glimpse of her arriving at the Ladies' door and finding that it was indeed locked. She turned round and leaned against the side of the building, bent forward slightly. 'Go on, hurry!' she mouthed at me across the concourse. As I arrived at the door wondering how I could delay any further I found that it wouldn't open either outward or inward.

'Strange,' I thought,' The shop must be open if the garage is, and there are lights on inside.' I tried them again. No luck. Turning and shrugging my shoulders at Karen, I noticed a man coming across from the petrol tanker. I went across to meet him halfway, about where Karen was still standing. He said, 'Sorry mate, the shop'll open again when this tankers finished filling up the tanks, I can't leave the driver on his own so I've had to lock it.' I nodded towards Karen, 'Any chance we can just use the toilets, then? It's quite urgent.' Karen rolled her eyes to the sky in frustration at this time, but attempted to regain a normal expression as the attendant looked at her. 'Sorry again, but the key's inside.'

'Oohh.........' she gasped. She pushed off from the wall and made for the car as I thanked the bemused man. As I got into the car I started to say, 'Of all the luck, we have to turn up when the.....' I stopped dead at her expression. She was grimacing with pain as she held herself tightly. Her breathing was very deep and heavy. 'Paul.....get going.....go towards that town. I'm going to wet myself unless I can go in the next two minutes! Why couldn't he let me go?' Her feet beat a tattoo on the floor as she spoke.

We rejoined the road, and with sidelong glances I could see that her eyes were peeled for either cover or a proper facility. Her face was a picture of anguish, and she was desperately chewing her bottom lip again. Nothing suitable was apparent by the roadside, however, and soon we were at the outer limits of the town. 'If we can't see a loo straight away I'll go into a shop and ask,' Karen gasped. 'They'll HAVE to let me use their staff one.' As we started to approach the first few shops on what must have been the High Street, she suddenly moved her hands back from between her legs, lifted herself up briefly, and sat on them, bending forward even more.

Turning to me wide-eyed, she burst out in an extremely panicky voice, 'I can't go ON! You'll HAVE to stop! Here......just here!' she beckoned to the side of the road. 'I'm about to go! God!.... This is agony! Let me out, please!' There were in fact a few people about, so I couldn't see how it would help her to stop. Ever willing to create an even worse predicament, though, I pulled over to the side and stopped. We were just about at the start of the shopping arcade, and I remember feeling relieved and not a little excited to see that there wasn't a toilet in sight! How was she going to get out of this? I thought she'd definitely wet herself, surely? I had never seen a girl so desperate, as far as I could see she was on the point of letting go. I looked at her....skirt a bit creased now, but OK....it wouldn't hide much if she couldn't hold on, it was too short.

Her light brown tights were sure to show what had happened if she wet them....and then her shoes....a pair of high heels which looked very new. I hoped they wouldn't be ruined. You can imagine the tremendous turn-on it was for me to be anticipating this very attractive girl wetting her knickers and clothes in public! Once again Karen levered herself out, and, straightening her skirt, set off along the pavement. I caught her up, scanning both sides of the road to see what we would find. The first likely shop was on the other side, a women's clothes shop. She zeroed in on this, and turned to look behind to check the traffic. At that moment it was impossible to cross, but Karen couldn't stand still any longer. While half-a-dozen cars went past she walked back and forward along a six foot stretch of pavement, hobbling slightly. 'I'm going to do it, I've GOT to do it! Christ, they've GOT to have a loo!' she wailed. Eventually we started to cross, Karen performing a quick curtsey on the way.

Opening the door of the shop and walking in with very small steps indeed, she looked for the sales counter. There were only two people there, one being served and the other waiting, but she obviously felt that this was too much of a delay. The assistant was an oldish woman who didn't look too friendly, so Karen spun on her heel immediately. 'Next door!' she blurted out to me. The next shop was a larger clothes shop, and we made straight for the back of it, where it looked like there were a few doors that may lead to a toilet. 'Oohh....Paul. I just haven't got time to ask them, let's just go back there!' The click of her heels was quite loud as she walked along, and several people at that sales counter looked up. The back of the shop, though, was just a row of changing cubicles, with an assistant standing guard to make sure customers took their turn.

Again Karen spun around, and made this time for the cashier, her steps, being more urgent, attracting even more attention. There was a queue of three this time, but that didn't matter to her now, in her panic. 'Excuse me.....' she blurted out, going straight to the front. 'Do you have a Ladies? I'm er......rather desperate.' The other customers could see that this was something of an understatement, as she was hopping from one foot to the other, and her tone of voice was far from normal. The cashier, a man of about forty, raised his eyebrows. 'Yes, I suppose if it's an emergency you could use.......' Before he could finish, Karen suddenly turned and sped towards the front door again, passing me.

'I've got to get out of here, I'm going to wet myself any minute! It'll be too late by the time he can be bothered to help!' she said from the corner of her mouth as she sped past. I turned back to the counter and thanked the open-mouthed cashier, noticing that everyone was similarly surprised, then went to follow. Karen was standing near the door, waiting for me, dancing up and down clicking both of her heels on the floor. Her expression was absolutely frantic. 'Paul, I'm going to GO, I can't help it!' She spun towards the door again, pushed through, and found herself immediately among a good few shoppers. Following, I bumped into her as she stopped. 'It's too late, Paul! I've gone already!'

She pushed me back into the doorway, and as she did so briefly stopped and wiped the inside of her thigh with her hand. She had obviously leaked a bit, and the evidence was on her tights in the form of a wet streak down to her knee. 'That's only the beginning,' I thought to myself. In tears now and chewing her bottom lip again, she put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me back into the corner of the doorway. I suppose we looked like any couple petting, and she lay her head on my shoulder. 'Aahh!....I'm trying to stop it but I can't! I'm going, Oh! I'm going, Paul!' I heard a very quiet hissing, followed a few seconds later by a muted splattering. What Karen was doing was the equivalent of an ostrich burying its head in the sand, I thought. Everyone could see her, but her eyes were closed and she couldn't see them.

Over her shoulder I saw several people passing, and I remember seeing them all glance at us firstly at eye level, then their eyes would drop to the floor, where a puddle was forming, and widen in surprise. Karen was moaning and sobbing, 'I've been, I've wet myself.....Oh God Paul, can everyone see? I just COULDN'T wait any more, it just started to come....' I couldn't resist holding her away at arms length for a moment to look. She seemed to have regained control a little, but only because of how much she had already wet herself. There was a small damp patch low down on the front of her skirt, but her tights were streaked a great deal, almost soaked through at the inside of her calves. Her shoes looked drenched, too, and she was standing in a puddle which was slowly making its way toward the gutter across the pavement. She quickly hugged me again, and after a couple of minutes she regained her composure and we walked (she squelched) back to the car.

###

Karen was in no hurry to repeat this episode as you can imagine. I did persuade her many times to wait and wait until she literally burst into her knickers, but never in public or anywhere she would be seen by anyone other than myself. Forever bemused at the effect it would have on me, she nonetheless was happy to reap the benefits of a very well turned-on boyfriend!

