Sorry it's taken me a while to have a story to share with you guys. I have been tied up in a serious relationship with my girlfriend Ashley and that hasn't really brought up any desperate situations. She is so hot and I love her to death. However, I have been wishing I could witness her in a desperate situation.
The last story I shared was about one of her friends who almost wet her pants on a way to a party. I was disappointed when she made it out dry. It's been a year or so since I have fooled around with Kendra in plotting "accidents". I do keep in touch with her even though she too is dating someone right now.
But let me shift my attention to Ashley. Last week we had been shopping around at the mall all day and I guess we both forgot about using the restroom before we left. While we were driving home Ashley admitted that she had to pee "really bad." Now this got my heart going, since in about the eight months we have been dating it is the first time she has really admitted something like that. I know she doesn't have the best bladder capacity because whenever we go out drinking she is constantly going to the ladies' room. However, in all of those situations she has always had a ladies' room nearby and has never been denied immediate access.
Back to the car– I too had to pee and I shared that with her. She had her legs crossed with her hand between her thighs while bobbing her upper leg slightly. As much as I needed to go as well, I was hoping that traffic would just back up all to hell so that she would get really desperate. It was construction traffic, which we were already aware of. This particular highway could get really backed up, especially on weekends, and this was a Saturday.
I made small talk with Ash for about ten more minutes. I noticed that she kept trying to look out and see if traffic was letting up. I decided to do what I have done in the past and let my cat out of the bag to try and see how desperate the other person is. So I said, "God...I hope this traffic gets going. I really need to get home and pee so bad right now!" Ashley cringed when I said this, "Oh baby...me too!!! I'm not good at holding it too long! I really need to go!! Do you think we can get off at this exit if this doesn't let up?"
Not good at holding it! Yes! I had a girlfriend that is accident–prone and I didn't know it? How lucky am I!
I asked Ash how much longer she thought she could hold it. She said not much longer, like another five to ten minutes. She said it was coming in waves and getting stronger.
Ahead I saw that the lanes were merging. I told Ash the merge was just ahead and asked if she could hold it until we got home. With near tears in her eyes she said she would try, but said she might ask me to stop somewhere anyway after we got out of traffic.
About five minutes later we got out of traffic and we on our way again. I did need to go really bad, but knew I could make it home. I wasn't so sure about Ash though. She had a hand in her crotch between her legs, which were locked tightly together.
As we got off on our exit I asked how she was doing. "I think I'll make it, just hurry ok!!!" she screamed. I promised my best and about five minutes later we got home.
We both hopped out of the Jeep and she rushed for the door. She got there first well ahead of me, "Mikey come on!!! I'm gonna wet my pants!!! Hurry!!!" She was bent over at the waist with both hands wedged between her thighs.
I fumbled for the keys and got the door open. Ashley bolted straight in while unbuttoning her jeans. She rushed into the bathroom and closed the door, obviously forgetting about my predicament, which was urgent, but not as bad as hers. Now, I had never seen her pee, even though we have a very active sexual relationship. So, I didn't feel that she would mind when I opened the door while she was peeing.
I walked in while holding my balls as she was peeing. She had the most relieved look on her face as I listened to her pee flow forcefully. I told her I had to go too bad and couldn't wait and that I needed to use the sink. The sink is adjacent to the toilet so I was right next to her as I took out my big cock. Literally just as soon as I took my cock out of my boxer briefs my flow started. Normally I would have been excited because of the situation, but I had to go just that bad.
Ashley stared at my cock and me as I relieved myself. "Oh my God Mikey!! I thought for a second there I wouldn't make it! Oh I had to go so bad!" Ashley said.
"I know babe, sorry you had to wait so long. I had to go just as bad. I'm glad we both made it!" I replied. Actually I was sad that we both made it. I was excited to finally see her desperate and even more excited to hear her say that she isn't good at holding it when she really has to go. I decided to bring this up in conversation later.
And that will lead me to another story which I will share with you all soon.
By: Mikey
Anyone care to chat? E–mail me at: withingt9@aol.com
Mikey ( Click on the name to email Mikey )