Bursting At the Train Station

by Busting

Oh my God.

I was at the train station yesterday day and my train was delayed so I was just waiting around.

Then another train pulled in, and people started getting off. I was transfixed by a woman struggling to get past the crowd, my eagle eye certain she was desperate to pee.

With a lack of a crowd to get past as my advantage, I hurried to the toilet to get there first. Sure enough, only minutes later she came bursting through the door, clearly in a hurry.

There were two cubicles - both full, and one other woman waiting.

She joined us in the queue, and to my delight started doing, basically what the woman in the experience picture is doing; pushing her hands between her legs with her knee crossed over the other. She was bursting.

Someone vacated a cubicle and the woman in front of me went in. She stopped in the doorway, looked back at me and raised her eyebrows. (The loos were not the cleanest). But her leg started bouncing and she ducked into the cubicle quickly, obviously deciding she was too desperate to care about the sanitary quality.

The woman behind me was getting in a real state, letting out little moans every now and then.

The second cubicle was vacated and I stepped forward to go in, but the woman grabbed my arm.

"Please!" she gasped. "Can I jump the queue?"

I pretended to consider it, stepping from foot to foot. "I'm really desperate though.." I said.

"Oooh!" she groaned. "I'm wetting myself!"

"Go on then," I told her.

"Thank God!" she gasped, running into the cubicle with both hands between her legs.

IT WAS AMAZING :):):)

Comments:

wannaCUpee: that is so sexy I would ahve loved to see that...I wish i could find a girl in virginia who would get desperate for me (I know that has nothing to do with the story)

luke1980: wow great!!!! did you hear her pee? probably she peed like a racehorse!

wetfan: That is a really hot story. Too bad the line wasn't a little longer. =) Thanks for sharing

daddylikessquirt: I read that and was watching it happen at the same time. Very sexy.

Rachael74: I'm not sure what I'd have done in your place. That would make me so horny, all the desperation, the impending accidents. I think I would probably have gone in first and listened intently to her struggle hoping she would lose.

squidgie: like you rachel it would make me sooo horny too

