 A New Year’s Eve in London

By Anonymous

(for your anecdotes & sightings: an incident with my wife, and her sister.)

New Years eve we went to a street party & concert some distance from where we live. The crowd was immense, and the toilets were few. After a number of drinks they both had to pee but the ladies queues were enormous even the mens had queues. they both joined the end of the shortest queue, about 30 women I guess. I stood a short distance away watching with interest. The antics of the women were great. I have never seen so many fidgeting dancing cross-legged women in my life. Sadly at this time only one women progressed to openly holding herself in the queue.

She was standing about 4 in front of my wife & her sister so to get a closer look I went over to see how they were, trying not to make it obvious where I was looking. This women was wearing a shortish skirt and it was all hoiked up at the front and when she squirmed in my direction I could see where her fingers pressed against the crotch of her knickers. The queue just wasn't moving and I thought this was going to be interesting when her sister said "Come on this is ridiculous I'm going to wait till I get home." I could have killed her. My wife protested but we went off to get the late bus home. Well the bus was LATE - and we stood at the stop for about half an hour my wife in obvious difficulties.

When it finally arrived we found a seat at the back of the bus. Nobody spoke until her sister said "Oh I'm dying to go we should have waited in the queue." My wife readily agreed and said the situation was desperate for her too. I pulled her arm up to hold her hand but she pulled away saying I have to hold my jeans away from my stomach. I'm so full. Her sister said not a word but the grim look on her face told the story. My wife was sitting quite still but her sister was constantly changing positions and crossing and recrossing her legs. I'd seen my wife urgently needing to pee a number of times but never like this. 

A couple of stops before our stop (her sister was staying the night with us) she said "We have to get off now I'm starting to piss" Those were her exact words and I'll remember them forever. They hobbled off the bus I followed them like a proper gentleman, my wife was bent double and her sister was walking with her thighs clenched together but there was an unmistakable wet patch on her backside and it was starting to run down her legs.

They both made a dive for the bus shelter but in the haste to get her jeans down my wifes zipper jammed. I'd never seen her piss herself before - I guess there's a first time for everything and I nearly came in my pants. She looked so sexy struggling with her zipper and pissing in her jeans. We walked home and thankfully her sister wanted to have a shower. I rushed my wife off to the bedroom and we had the greatest sex ever. I don't think she had a clue why I needed to have sex so much. It was a New Year to remember.

Anyone else have any New Years Eve sightings. With so many people about there must have been many similar incidents.

The above is a true story and you can use it in your pages if you like it.


