Title: Accident at a Gas Station

By: Debbie

This particular incident took place last year when I was 25 years old. I was on a road trip with my husband and my family. I had been drinking a lot of sodas in the car, and I knew I was going to have to pee soon. Several times I almost said something, but I just didn't feel right stopping everybody just for one bladder so I just kept waiting for someone else to suggest stopping. Pretty soon, I began to get really worried. The pressure in my bladder was really strong, and I knew that if we didn't stop very soon, I wasn't going to make it in time.

This is the time when you start to imagine what would happen if you did have an accident. Would someone laugh? Will they think I'm just awful for being such a baby? Every scenario was unpleasant so I tried to think of other things. Well of course that didn't last long because my bladder kept reminding me of my predicament! Just when I began to feel really desperate, my dad pulled up to a gas station. 

I honestly wondered if I was even going to be able to stand up, but, moving VERY slowly, I was able to make it right up to the bathroom door. Imagine how I felt when I realized it was occupied! Well I danced, I squirmed, I bit my lip. Then I just stood very still because I KNEW. I began to get that "point of no return" feeling. I felt my face flush as the hot pee began to trickle down my leg. All I could do was just stand there and let my pee come out in a great torrent. I was so embarrassed, but it felt soooo good to just let go that I had an orgasm while I stood there. Well, I kinda hoped that since I was wearing baggy sweats it wouldn't show up so much, but I was soaking wet and there was no denying it. I had to send my husband out to the car for a change of clothes. 

----- Well, that's my first story, and if any of you guys out there have similar stories about yourself, please send them in so I can enjoy them!

