The two girls were just hanging around outside the town's center, the burger stand. They were almost identically dressed, in tight designer jeans and white tops showing their bellies, one slightly rounder, and the other slightly shorter. Both had brown hair to their shoulders and were looking around to see where the action was. Being a local lad and an experienced hanger–around I immediately drifted over to see if I could be of service.
— Hi there, the tallest said. –Anything happen around here?
— This is it, I said. –First time here, right?
The shorter girl nodded. –We're staying at the hostel with our class, but got sort of tired of card games and giggling boys.
Her friend poked her side and got a tickle in return. They were leaning on the fence, very close together.
— I'll try not to giggle, I said. –I'm Steve.
— This is Tina, the tallest said, ruffling her friend's hair. –She has the nicest tits.
I tried to keep my face straight.
— And Maria here has the best butt.
More poking. It seemed they could manage the giggling themselves. They strutted their chests and wriggled their bottoms as if I wasn't there.
— We're sisters, Tina said.
Maria put her arm around her shoulders. –Or lovers.
— Maybe both, Tina said, smiling at her.
I pretended to search for something in my pocket while adjusting myself. Tina slipped her arm behind Maria and hooked her thumb in her waistband. –Where is everybody?
— Probably at home reading dirty magazines, Maria said before I could answer. Tina laughed, crossing her legs.
— Tina has to pee, Maria said, making as if to tickle her.
— Shut up, Tina smiled. –Bet you'll wet your pants first. She has a nice butt, hasn't she? Tina grabbed her friend's – (sister's?) hips and turned her around.
— Watch for wet stains.
My eyes were drawn to a certain meeting place.
Maria poked Tina's belly. –You're the one who wets your bikini. Before you go swimming.
— Don't listen to her, Tina said. –Ask her about that Satturday two months ago instead.
— You shut up or I won't let you sleep in my bed tonight.
— We always sleep together, Tina told me.
Maria glanced around her. –Is there nobody out in this place?
Tina slipped a hand around Maria's waist. –Then we'll have to please ourselves. She lifted her face to be kissed. The two girls licked and nibbled at each other as if I wasn't there.
Then Maria turned to me. –Tina always gets so hot when she has to pee.
— I don't have to pee.
— Why are you curling your legs, then?
— Because it's cold.
As the night was really hot that argument didn't hold. But Tina was swaying a little on her feet, stretching herself, knees together. Maria hooked a finger in her waistband and pulled her close. –Your bladder is full, sweetie. Sssssssss...
— Stop it! All you are trying to do is make me wet myself first so you won't be so embarrassed!
— I'm not going to wet myself. What would this nice boy here say if I flooded my jeans?
I wasn't going to answer that one.
Maria embraced Tina. –Let's stop quarrelling, sweetie. Kiss me again.
Tina held Maria's face as they kissed. Maria stroked Tina's butt, slipping a hand between her legs from behind, making Tina wriggle.
— I think Tina has to weewee, she said. –Say you have to weewee.
— I don't!
— Little Tina is so shy she's going weewee in her panties.
Tina pushed away from Maria. –I'm going home with him if you don't stop. Then he can suck my nipples instead of you.
— Sweet little girlie! Are you mad at me? Please don't be. I'll suck your nipples all night if you want to.
— Oh Maria!
They embraced in a long tight hug, grinding crotches. Maria slipped her hand underneath Tina's top and caressed her breast.
All the while I was watching the performance, a little bit unsure of my role. It seemed they wanted an audience, but apparently they did not want me to butt in. Anyway, it was the sexiest sight I'd ever seen, so I kept a low profile, hoping to see what would develop. After a suitable time of kiss–and–make–up they turned to me again, leaning on the fence, holding hands. Maria had her foot hooked on the rail behind her, and Tina was rubbing her thighs together with almost invisible movements. Both had their hips stuck out, soft skin around deep bellybuttons.
— We went shopping today, Tina said. –Trying on all kinds of stuff.
— And I had to help her with the bras.
— The changing–rooms really are small, Tina giggled. –Anyway, Maria bought these incredibly cute panties. Would you like to see?
They didn't wait for an answer. Maria turned around and stuck her very lovely butt out, and Tina pulled up her thong, showing me a tiny red Y made of some smooth satiny material. –Great butt, hasn't she?
I nodded.
— When we sleep together I lie behind her, pressing myself against her buttocks. Once she peed on me.
— Tina!
— It's true. I woke up, all wet. She'd had a nightmare, poor girl, and got so frightened she wet herself. But I didn't mind really. We just slept on some towels.
— And Tina really comforted me– all over me.
Tina looked lovingly at Maria, and they kissed again. Then they moved so that Maria stood behind Tina with her arms around her, thumbs in her waistband, fingers reaching towards her crotch. She kissed Tina's neck, and Tina pressed herself against Maria's hands.
— Maria?
— Yes, sweetie?
— I have to wee.
— Want to go to the hostel?
Tina shook her head. Then Maria changed the subject completely, asking me about the place and what went on in the summer. While talking to her I couldn't keep my eyes off Tina, who kept squirming while joining the conversation. It was an absurd situation of three people pretending not to be aware of Tina's growing desperation. Maria still held her from behind, her hand creeping down to rest between Tina's moving thighs.
I saw Tina staring at the ground, suddenly standing still. –I have to wee, she said softly.
Maria looked around. –Where can we go?
— There is a parking lot at the back, I said. –Probably quite deserted.
— Show us, Maria said.
I pointed out the direction and let them precede me. Tina walked with her hands between her legs, Maria's arm around her shoulders. My eyes were fixed on the two shapely butts in front of me; even Maria was walking a little awkwardly as if holding something back. The girls stopped under a street lamp and kissed. Then Maria unbuttoned and unzipped Tina's jeans.
They took no notice of me as I was standing only feet away. Maria knelt in front of Tina and wriggled her jeans down to mid–thigh. She wore a tiny, lacy thong, and Maria pulled it carefully down her legs, exposing her hairless slit. –Hurry, Tina whispered to Maria.
Maria pulled down her own jeans and thong, and squatted beside her girlfriend. They held hands as they released their pee, a pair of golden streams joining in a pool between them. Still holding hands they rose when they were finished, kissing again, jeans still down. –Love you, Tina whispered.
— Love you too.
They pulled up their jeans and turned to me. Tina smiled. –How about buying us a coke?
Aquarius