Here is another true story from me. This time it wasn't me doing the peeing, though– I was just an invisible watcher!
I work in an office where we are all basically in low walled cubicles, and can see each other – except some managers who have offices – most people would know the type – glass windows but the top half is frosted.
Well, I don't think anyone notices, but from my desk I look right into the lower half of one of the females offices, right at her legs through her desk. And if she spins sideways to look at her return (one of those L shaped desks), I can see right up her crotch.
Anyway, I was working late shift (again!) and she was in there too. I started to hear her groaning, and could see her holding her hand to her crotch now and again – she really needed to pee, I could tell!
Well, I got carried away with my work when I heard 'Oh, oh, oh my God!' (The last bit getting higher) – I looked up and she had turned sideways, had her legs spread and was soaking her panties, chair and floor! She probably didn't know that I was there (her door had been shut for hours) and I am sure she doesn't know what I can see! But what a view!
She peed for about 1 minute, through her panties and stockings the whole time, and rubbing herself. I was so turned on I had also pulled my skirt up by now and was pushing to let a little pee out because I love to do it. She then stood up, dropped her stockings (but not her panties) sat down and masturbated. I was already rubbing myself furiously through my only slightly wet panties, when I heard her scream in orgasm – she obviously thought we either had gone home or her door was soundproof!
I loved it! I have written here before how I like to pee but girls, if you ever get the chance to see a girlfriend pee and masturbate, it is the best site i have ever seen. And though she doesn't know I was watching, I will enjoy that thought every time I have to talk to her from now on!
Kay