Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation, Foreplay, Sex, and Golden Showers.
She was a girl with long, brown hair, blue eyes, peach skin, and a beautiful, curvy body. As well as a little fetish that she shared with her men.
Lying and squirming on a sturdy mattress, the girl trembled as the spasms of pee pushed her bladder to near bursting point. Keeping her long legs wide open for her partner, she bit down on her lip as the fight to contain her pee became more and more difficult. She had her hands tied down, but she was not planning to use them of her own accord either way. Her legs were not tied, but she chose to spread them for her lover.
Her lover was a muscular man with a rugged face, short, jet–black hair. He shared her interest, and was holding on to his erect penis in a struggle to contain his own fluids.
Although he was beginning to sweat from his struggle, the man moved closer to the girl. His penis was throbbing, and she looked hungrily at it. He moved closer and closer to her beautiful opening. She moved her legs wider apart, all the while squirming more and more. He touched the tip of his erect penis to an area just above her clitoris, causing her to arch her back and moan with her angelic voice. Such actions also made her bladder pulse and almost release its golden fluids. The tip of the man's penis also felt the wrath of the gentle touch, as the pulse of his throbbing bladder sent a shock through his dick.
Both beginning to enjoy themselves immensely, they looked into each other's eyes and knew what to do. The man brought his hand toward the girl's tummy. Excited, she started to breathe harder. He started to breathe harder, his hand coming ever closer. Touching her tummy. Gently rubbing her tummy. And then pushing down with all his might!
The girl let out an immense moan and almost released her fluids! But she held back as her build to orgasm rose. The man pushed down again, harder! The girl let out another moan, even louder! Her full bladder begged for release, but her mind kept it holding on. One more press! The immense tickling sensation in her bladder was causing her tummy to nearly ache, but gave her a pleasure she could never have fully comprehended before. She was beginning to orgasm.
The man, holding on tightly to his dick, gently moved his dick around the girl's bright pink, swelling, partly wet clitoris. As he felt the pee in his bladder pushing to get out, his penis began to vibrate in an attempt to withhold his fluids. The slight vibration caused him to breathe harder and feel his own cum start to flow through his penis, preventing him from peeing all over the girl. Breathing harder and harder, vibrating stronger and stronger, the man bent over a little bit just to keep the pee from pushing its way out of his bulging bladder.
The girl, feeling the light vibrations, moaned and moaned, got wetter and wetter, while her bladder got fuller and fuller. She was on the verge of cumming and of peeing her way to a heavenly pleasure. She moaned louder and louder!
The man circled around her clitoris, slowly, gently, with the sensation of his need to pee making his penis feel harder and longer and stronger. The girl squirmed more and more, making the feel of the penis so pleasurable that she could not contain herself much longer.
Finally, as the man came close to the vagina, the girl's wetness began to speed up. She was having the greatest orgasm of her life! He feel of her cum going through her vagina, pushing against her urethra made her need to pee unbelievably intense. She thought she would release her long–withheld fluids then and there, but controlled herself so that she would orgasm and cum first. The man felt the wetness, making his need to pee significantly more urgent. The feel of cum navigating through his penis made increased this urge even more, as he thought he was going to release his fluids.
He was breathing harder, and she was breathing harder. Both began to moan louder and louder! Suddenly, the man stuck himself into the girl's vagina – the push was intense! The girl screeched as her pleasure mounted to a peak! Her aroused fluids flowed quicker, but her pee stayed withheld. The man's cum began to find its way out, but his pee simply pushed against the walls of his bladder.
The man pulled out slightly, and then rammed back in, harder than the last time. Pulled back lightly, and rammed back in! Lightly out, and another ram! They moaned in unison, feeling the pleasure of their sexual organs satisfied to an extent rarely reached, with their overly full, pulsing bladders begging for the release of urine!
The girl continued to cum, as did the man. The feeling of release pleasured them both to full orgasm. Both moaned loudly and moved back and forth as they released their arousing juices, while holding back all the long–collected pee within their bodies.
Continuing to moan and rock back and forth, the man's penis stayed hard after he finished cumming, and the girl's vagina stayed wet after she finished. But the conclusion of her cumming was beyond her ability to hold her pee! She tried to hold it just a bit longer as the man slowed down his rocking. She bit down on her lip, groaned and moaned, sweated. The man's urge to pee also multiplied as he slowed down. The pleasure that both received increased the urge to pee by an incredible amount!
The man pulled out and breathed heavily, grabbing hold of his still–erect, throbbing penis. The woman quickly shut her legs together in an attempt to hold back her pee for one last moment! However, she had no chance. Seeing her man bending over to hold his own bulging bladder overwhelmed her with pleasure, causing her to groan loudly and feel her urine push its way through her urethra. The man, seeing her about to release, grabbed a cup to collect her golden fluids.
Her stream exploded into the cup, splattering inside and making a beautiful noise of high–pressure pee. The girl moaned in delight, and so did the man, who was bending over even more as the sound of the girl peeing made it more difficult for him to hold. The cup was filling up quickly – 20 seconds in, half–filled. The yellow fluid continued, and the moaning from both partners continued. 40 seconds in, the man was almost on the floor in pain, while the girl continued to pee hard! Her golden fluids were keeping the man hard and from peeing.
Sixty seconds in, the girl's pee slowed down and began to subside. 73 seconds, and she stopped – she had filled the entire cup to the top! A beautiful 1.7 litres of her yellow waterfalls had escaped her bladder. She sighed with immense relief as she watched her man struggle to hold his pee. He had enjoyed hearing, watching, and feeling the weight of the girl's pee so much, that he could not stand it anymore – he put the cup down, and grabbed another empty cup. However, in a final attempt at pleasure, the man dipped his penis into the girl's large cup of beautiful, hot pee, held it there for a few seconds, and moaned with the utmost pleasure he could have!
He whipped his penis out of the cup, almost yelling with arousal, causing a couple of drops to land on his face. This did it for him – he yelled and pointed his dick into the empty cup and began to piss one of the strongest streams imaginable, about as strong as the girl's. The girl watched with happiness as her empty, but still sensitive bladder tickled her. She moaned a little bit as the man's piss hit the bottom of the cup and made a very loud, but pleasurable noise. 30 seconds in, still going strong! She and he moaned as the piss came out of his full, begging bladder. 50 seconds in, still going! The woman moaned and moaned, and the man sighed with great relief. 67 seconds, and the man's stream died down. He had filled the cup to 1.6 litres, his pee having the same consistency of yellow as the girl's.
The moaning slowed down, but the sighs of great relief continued. The man placed his cup of pee next to the girl's, and both stared at the cups while holding each other's hands and continuing to sigh. Their amazing full bladder arousal, pee–provoking cumming and orgasms, followed by their immensely long and powerful pees, gave them an utmost happiness and security of a happy, and infinitely pleasurable future together.
Finally, the girl grabbed the man's cup of pee and poured it all over herself, moaning in pleasure all the while and rubbing the pee all over her body. The man followed suit, taking the girl's cup of pee and slowly pouring over his own body, rubbing the fluids all over himself. Both covered in each other's pee and quite horny once again, they shot quick glances at each other. Their eyes said it all. The man untied the girl's hands, but she stayed in place. Erect again, he mounted her, and an incredible session of sex began once again.
By: Money