She had been watching me for some time. She sat alone by a column drinking beer, and caught my eyes a couple of times, lifting her glass to me. She was dressed in a short skirt and tight top, had dark, curly hair, and was not very tall. Her clothes accentuated her rounded body, and her skirt rode up to reveal the top of her stay–up pantyhose. A woman in her thirties on the lookout.I was sitting by the bar, ready to be selected. I lifted my glass and nodded to her. The music was loud. She put her hands to her red mouth and mouthed, "dance?" and I finished my beer and rose. She came into my arms, almost sliding into place, and I felt soft breasts brush my stomach and a deliberate pressure against my groin. My hand slipped behind her back and found a soft stripe of flesh between the top and the lining. She pulled my head down. –Alone? I nodded. –Great! She looked at me with frank eyes. –Me too. I smiled at her and stroked her across the small of her back. She answered immediately. We danced for maybe ten minutes, and then she led me to her table. –Want a beer? –Yes please, I said. I watched her butt as she wriggled her way to the bar, and observed her breasts sway on her way back. She put the glass in front of me and sat on the barstool, not bothering to keep her legs together. Like I said, stay–ups, and black panties. –Going any place later? She asked. –Nothing planned. She looked directly at me. –My place, then? I like sincerity. –Fine with me. –I fancy you, she said. –Great, I said. –I'd love to go to bed with you. She laughed. –Done with the foreplay, then. I looked wonderingly at her. –The lengths they go to, just to get laid! She put out her hand. –Rita. –Tom. –Leave? –All right.
We had to walk to catch a bus. She put my hand around her waist to let me feel the rhythm of her walk. At the bus stop she crossed her legs. –I've got to pee. Then she lifted her head for a kiss. I complied. –Hope you're not tired, she said. –I'm on good form tonight. –Me too, I said, happy I had gone easy on the drink. –And I'm not in a hurry. I stroked her bottom and pressed against her. –My bladder is full, she said and winked. –The bus driver better hurry. It was only a matter of minutes. We sat at the back, far from the five or six other passengers. I put my hand on her thigh, and she leaned her breasts against me and pulled my face down. –Further up, she whispered. My hand slid under her hemline. She wriggled, opening her legs as far as the narrow skirt allowed. –You make me wet, she said. –Feel it? I felt dampness between her legs, warm fabric against my fingers. –Fancy me? I replied by putting her hand on my groin. We got off, and she pulled on her skirt and adjusted her bra. Squeezed her legs and smiled at me before we walked to her door. Inside we stood looking at each other. She had a cheeky smile and glowing eyes. I smiled back and let her show me in. –I have to pee, she said. –Want to come? –Oh yes, I love watching girls pee. Huge smile. –We'll have fun tonight. Come on! Rita stood in front of the toilet, looking at herself in the full–length mirror, legs trembling. –I can hardly wait! She hitched her skirt up and wriggled her panties down. Her dark triangle was short and trimmed. She sat down, stretching her panties as she spread her legs, and looked at me. I stroked her thigh, slid my hand down and rubbed the top of her slit. She moaned as the stream hit the bowl. –Enough, she said, and pressed her legs together. –It's going to be a long night. She rose, pulled up her panties and smoothed her skirt down. –Slightly relieved, she smiled. –I guess you liked that. Anything to drink, Tom? Tea, perhaps? Or Coke? There is probably some beer somewhere too. –Tea would be fine. She reached for the tin on top of the shelf. I stood behind her, stroking her hips, touching the soft skin of her waist, tracing her panty line down her round bottom. She stuck her butt out and leaned on the counter. I lifted her skirt and touched her between her legs. –You forgot to wipe, I said. She sighed and spread her legs. I rubbed the wet nylon, and she shivered. Then she turned and kissed me wetly. –Take me, then! I pulled her panties off, bent my legs and entered her, with her back to the counter. She pressed her breasts against me and came, trembling. I felt the heat as she released a spurt. Small drops fell to the floor. –God, I needed that, she said. –Let's have tea. I buttoned my fly, and she filled the pot and got two mugs. –Take this, and I'll change into something different. I settled on the sofa after putting a CD on. Rita returned from the bedroom, dressed in stretch jeans and an even shorter halter top, barely containing full breasts in a lace bra. Matching panties showed above the low jeans waistline. She sat down beside me. –You're not in a hurry, Tom? –Oh no. She drank her tea. Her belly was soft and round; her pocket–less jeans accentuated her shape. We looked at each other, and then she laughed and straddled me. –Hold me, she said. I put my hands on her butt, caressing the smooth surface and the hint of a panty line. –I'm so horny I'm nearly wetting myself, she grinned. –Never mind. Wet pants are really sexy. –Oh Tom, I almost did it! –Have some more tea, I said. She emptied her mug. –I love having a full bladder, she said. –It makes me soooo hot. –Keep talking, I said, putting my hand underneath her. She pressed down and looked me in the eyes. –I just want to let go in my jeans, Tom. I can't hold it anymore. And I'm all hot for you. God, I'm beginning to dribble. I'm – ooh – Suddenly my hand felt warm. –God, I'm peeing my jeans, she moaned. Her crotch was wet. She stood up, squeezing her legs. The dark spot grew a little. –Come to the bathroom, she said. Her bottom wriggled as she walked in front of me, wet stain showing. In front of the big mirror she squatted and unbuttoned my jeans. She took me in her mouth: –Want to come while I pee myself? I nodded. Her crotch grew dark and I had trouble keeping upright. I pulled her zip down and slid my hands into her wet panties. Supporting her with my arm I rubbed her to orgasm, and she peed in bursts. Then I helped her undress, and she helped me. She wasn't done yet, so I made her sit with her back to the wall, legs drawn up and apart. –Pee on the floor, I said. The golden stream arched from her sex, and I knelt in front of her and lowered my mouth to the source.
After showering we found that it was still only eleven–thirty. –There is a pub just around the corner, she said. –Like a drink? –Suits me. She dressed in red Capri pants and t–shirt, nothing else. Butt and belly strained the fabric and there were soft movements under the t–shirt. –OK like this? She asked and turned around. –Perfect. –Come on, she said, and took my hand. There was plenty of room in the corner, and we sat down with our pints. Rita put her hand on mine. –Think I'm too naughty? –Oh no. Exactly after my taste. –Well, you just did that, right? She winked at me. –I'm still thirsty, I replied. –I love that. Not everybody is as enthusiastic as you. –Well, I don't get the chance too often. Most girls are too careful. –While I just want to let go. I've been like that for as long as I can remember. Ever since I was a little girl. Before I knew what sex was I had orgasms peeing my panties. I held on as long as I could, clutching my fanny, squeezing my legs, and when the pee started flowing I was in heaven. I loved peeing while somebody was watching, too, so when I got older the boys I knew used to buy me cokes until I was bursting, and then I took them behind the bushes where they jerked off while I was squatting. Afterwards I went home and masturbated. She drank, smiling over her memories. –So that's the way to do it, give Rita enough to drink and keep her away from the loo. –Another pint? –Love to. We sat in silence for a while. –Have to pee, she said. –Don't go yet. –OK. More beer. –Tom, she said with glazed eyes, –I really have to pee now. She pressed her legs together and wriggled her bottom. –My bladder is totally full. She stroked her belly. I put my hand on hers and felt the hardness. –Hold on, I said. –We're going for a walk. She licked her lips and looked at me. Her breasts rose and fell. Holding my glance she lifted her glass and emptied it. Outside she was shifting her weight from foot to foot while she held her belly. –Come on, I said, –around the block before we go back to your apartment. Holding seemed easier when walking. Her butt was even more prominent, her belly hard, her nipples were erect under the t–shirt. Her hand slid further down to cover her fanny. –Tom, I'm going to pee myself, she whimpered. –I can't hold on. We approached a couple of benches behind some shrubbery. I led her in and sat down. She stood trembling in front of me, both hands firmly between her legs. –I'm peeing my pants! But still she held on, lifting her foot, bending her back, standing cross–legged, trembling from agony and excitement. –I'm wetting myself! She wriggled and moaned. Suddenly she stiffened, and a dark blossom grew around her hands. –Wet myself, she whispered. –Couldn't help it! –Sit here, I pointed beside me. She sat down carefully, knees locked together, moaning. –It's coming! –Let go, I said. She bit her lip, and I heard the sound of peeing. –God, Tom, I'm horny. Touch me! She lifted her bottom and I felt her wet seat. I rubbed her, and she peed again. –Come on home and fuck me, she pleaded. She rose unsteadily, revealing a big stain on her bottom. –God, I've peed my pants. What if somebody notices? –Let them see, I said. –It's incredibly sexy. –You're right, she said. –Who cares? She took my arm and walked alongside me, hips swaying next to mine. A couple of guys eyed her; she looked defiantly back and wriggled her bottom. She leaned over and whispered, –I'm still dripping. And there's more to come. She stopped, still wriggling. –Tell you something? –Yes? –I've got rubber sheets.
Aquarius next Aquarius story