This is a true story; it happened last May. To give you an idea of my appearance I am 5 foot 2 inches, short brown hair, wide hips and small waist, B cup breasts, had just turned 18 then, and my name is Natalie.
On May 3 I had been up most of the night studying for my three–hour advanced placement Calculus exam, drinking some coffee to stay awake while cramming. In the morning I took a shower and put on a short grey cotton skirt and red button up t–shirt with snowmobile boots, and made a last cup of tea to keep me awake. I have major problems with time management so all–nighters are pretty regular, and I always forget to drink water when I'm on them, so I've ended up dehydrated before, it's not fun.
Remembering this as I walked into school I took some money from my bag and bought a large water bottle to drink during my exam.
Frantically revising my notes, I walked in and sat down in the back next to the window, sipping my drink. The proctor handed out the official sealed exams and read the rules, which were very strict: nothing on the desk besides one pencil and pen, and all that. During the first hour or so of the exam I drank all of the water, remembering that usually I had a very large bladder capacity, but I didn't account for the caffeine and soon I was crossing my legs and glancing at the clock, two more hours. I tried to concentrate on the math but that just made me more nervous, I got the feeling that even if I wasn't so distracted I wouldn't be able to figure it out, and plus I wasn't sure the proctor would let me leave because the exams were so high security. My legs were tightly together, knees bent and I turned my hips a little forward to press against the chair inconspicuously, while shifting them back and forth. I really wanted to press against my panties with my hand but I was too afraid that someone would see me. Even though I hadn't peed at all yet they were getting quite wet, I suppose through tiny leaks I was letting out that hadn't turned yet into a full flow. I was sitting there holding when suddenly a siren went off on the street and distracted me, I almost let it flow but clenched my legs together. I did let out a small gasp though and my hands were tightly holding the chair sides, three or four people glanced over at me and I decided that what with the scene I was making I might as well just ask to go, which I did and I was allowed, but when I got up it became twice as bad. I shuffled over to the door knowing everyone was staring and got out the door, but the painful pressure got to be too much before I reached the bathroom and pee started to flow so I pressed my hands tightly into my underwear and managed to stop it, yanking up my skirt, exposing my butt and already yellow underwear as an afterthought in the middle of the hall so that it didn't get wet – and it didn't but would have been so awkward if anyone had walked by, I was really flushed from embarrassment. In the bathroom I rushed into a stall and let loose, the pee forcefully spraying the toilet bowl, but even as I was so relieved, I was thinking 'hey, that was kind of hot,' and well that's how I found this website. I took off my soaked panties and left them in the trashcan before walking back into the exam.
By: Natalie