The Exhibition (part 2)

By Francine

CHAPTER 2. The First Day

The two men left her at the office of the duty sergeant, as requested. After the preliminary paperwork and identification procedure, Nancy was introduced to another uniformed police officer. "Clarence", said the sergeant, "this is Mrs. Johnson, who is to be placed on exhibition today and for two more days. Mrs. Johnson, Clarence will see to your preparation, after which you will need to make a brief appearance before the magistrate next door, and you will then be taken to the exhibition dock. You are not alone; there is one other female prisoner, a local woman, considerably younger than yourself, who will be exhibited also. Clarence, she is in your care". He motioned to the door.

Clarence escorted Nancy down a hallway. He seemed polite and businesslike. "Mrs. Johnson, you understand I must do what the law requires and what you have agreed to. I expect that it will be quite unpleasant for you, but please do not take it personally. I will try to make it no more difficult for you than it has to be". He took her into a well lit room with a table, two chairs, and a clothes tree with some coat hangars. On the table was a large pitcher filled with water, in which several ice cubes floated, a plastic bag, and a shoe box.

"Mrs. Johnson, my immediate task is to prepare you for your exhibition today. I will also be in charge of the punishment as it takes place. You will be outside for quite a while, and it will be hot. I hope you will cooperate and I will try not to be harsh with you. OK?"

"OK, Clarence. I am prepared to do what is required. Tell me what I am to do."

"First, this pitcher of water is for you. While we do the other preparations, you must drink it - I will pour you a glass at a time. Next, please remove your shoes, and socks if you are wearing any, and put them in this box. I trust you are not wearing any jewelry, rings, or watch, as you were told not to have such things. " "Right - no jewelry", Nancy replied as she sat down on the nearest chair. She gulped the water, surprised that it really did have a good taste, as she began to remove her shoes, which she placed in the box as ordered. Clarence refilled the glass of water. "Do I have drink it all? " Nancy asked, noting the rather large pitcher. "Yes", was the answer, "you are to fill your stomach with as much as you can hold - but drink it slowly, as we don't want to make you sick".

Clarence waited while Nancy downed another two glasses of the water. She looked at him, as though to ask what was next. "Now", Clarence instructed, "I must ask you - I see you are wearing a blouse and skirt; I assume you are also wearing underwear. Is that so?" 

"Yes.." Nancy was a bit nervous at this rather personal question "I have on a bra and underpants, but I .. I'm not wearing a slip". "Good", Clarence replied. "Please hang your blouse and skirt on the hangars. They will be kept for you, along with your shoes and other things, until you are released." Clarence sat across the table from her, while awaiting her compliance. Meanwhile, he poured her another glass of water.

To be sure, it had occurred to Nancy that she might be required to shed some of her clothing, and she suspected that in the exhibition she might have to wear some sort of prison attire. But she had not expected to have to strip down in front of a male police officer. However, she knew the consequences of non-cooperation. She carefully slipped off her blouse, revealing a white bra, and hung it up. Clarence kept his eyes on her, to her embarrassment. After all, she thought, I am not some pretty young chick; I am, in fact, a grandmother; not a real eyeful to anyone. Her body was lightly tanned from much time in the outdoors, but her shoulders bore signs of white lines from the straps of the tops she often wore. She realized her breasts were much in evidence, but she was not overly endowed. She hoped she wouldn't have to take the bra off, because she knew she drooped a bit, her breasts showing a bit of her fifty plus years.

She slipped off the skirt, revealing white cotton panties. Her legs had a few imperfections, she knew, but there was no way to hide them. She wished her stomach was a bit flatter, but after all, she was just a bit overweight, and she supposed it could be in worse places. As she hung up the skirt, she noted the pitcher still had water in it. She quickly downed the glass pushed to her, and commented "My stomach's getting full - do I have to drink more?". Clarence answered by refilling the glass one more time, which almost emptied the pitcher, and gave it to her. "I think this will be enough, for now. You were told to expect some discomfort, weren't you?" "I was", said Nancy, trying to get down the last glass. She felt really bloated, with a whole pitcher of water inside her, and she felt terribly exposed, standing in front of a police officer with nothing on but a bra and cotton panties. "Are you ready?" he asked her. "Ready for what", she inquired. 

"For your appearance before the magistrate", Clarence informed her. "You are mostly prepared - what's left we can do after your appearance. He has to see you and approve your preparation and you must give him your consent to proceed." "Where will this occur?", she inquired, mindful of her undressed state and seeing no evidence of a prison uniform or other attire in the room.

"Follow me", said Clarence, opening the door, "the magistrate is in the courtroom just down the hall. We'll go now, and this should be over in a few minutes." 

Nancy responded with a horrified look and hesitation. He was asking her to follow him down a hall in a public police station, to a public courtroom, when she was barefooted and attired only in two skimpy pieces of underwear. A fiftyish matron was expected to walk around like this?

"Like this?" Nancy exploded in shock. "I have hardly any clothes on - surely you don't expect.." Clarence politely interrupted, " I told you I would try to make this as easy as possible, and I am. But if you don't cooperate, you can get your jail sentence, and get it now. The magistrate knows what your preparation entails, so please come!" 

Meekly, Nancy followed him down the hall, drawing the eyes of the many people she passed, She tried to cover herself, particularly in front, by placing her hands over her chest, but it did little good. At one point Clarence stopped her, "I want to give you one small courtesy that you may appreciate later. We are passing the ladies toilet - I am going to give you an opportunity to use it before we proceed. Do you want to?" Nancy hesitated, then nodded. Suddenly she thought of the physical consequences of that stomach full of water she was carrying.

She made use of the bathroom facility, while Clarence waited for her in the hall. Then he escorted her directly into the courtroom, where about fifty people were gathering, obviously pursuing some type of legal debate. At her entrance, the voices abruptly stopped as all eyes fell upon this woman walking into the crowded courtroom in her underwear. 

The magistrate immediately took notice. "I see we have the other female prisoner who is to be exhibited today. Let's dispose of this matter, and then we can return to the other business. Clarence, this is Mrs. Nancy Johnson?"

"Yes, indeed she is" replied Clarence. The magistrate looked directly at Nancy, now a pathetic figure, almost in tears in her embarrassment, standing before him barefooted and in two skimpy undergarments. "Mrs. Johnson, you have requested corporal punishment by submitting to the ordeal of exhibition and discomfort for three days, in lieu of a prison sentence. Do you consent to proceed? This is your last chance to change your mind." 

"No, your honor", responded Nancy, then quickly corrected herself, "yes, I mean I do consent, and will take the exhibition and whatever discomforts go with it." 

"Very well", responded the magistrate. "Clarence, has she been prepared?" 

"Yes, sir, as you can see, she is nearly ready for exhibition. I will complete it when we take her from here."

"Has she been filled with water, to meet the discomfort requirements?:

"Yes, she has." Clarence affirmed.

"How much? "

"About two quarts, sir. I watched her drink it, and observed that her stomach is a bit distended. I think it is enough." 

"I am not sure it is adequate, Clarence; give her another glass as soon as she can handle it, then take her to the exhibition dock. Go!" The magistrate dismissed them.

They left the courtroom and Clarence led her back toward the room she had been in before. As they passed a water fountain, he spoke to her, "if you will take a good long drink from this fountain, I will consider that as meeting the order." She looked at him with just a bit of hesitation, then drank deeply from the fountain. Her stomach felt very bloated indeed as they entered the little room.

Clarence immediately picked up the plastic bag from the table and told her, "we must now complete your preparation. I am going to take you and the other prisoner to the exhibition dock in a van. For the last item, please hand me your brassiere and your panties, which I will leave in this bag for now."

Incredulous, Nancy stared at him "what am I to wear? Do you expect me to leave here naked?" 

"Yes, indeed", Clarence replied, "that is exactly what you will do. You are going to be exhibited nude and shackled standing on the dock. And you will find there will be other discomforts, which you agreed to accept." 

Nancy was dumfounded. No way had she expected this. But there was no way out. Almost in a trance, she unhooked the bra and dropped it off on the table, followed by her white underpants. Never before had she felt so naked and vulnerable. She started to put her hands to her breasts, thinking to cover them, almost as a reflex. Her embarrassment was not such much that they were bare, but that they were unsupported. She hated to be braless, and was acutely aware that her breasts sagged quite a bit and would swing around as she moved. She desperately wished she could somehow hold them still, realizing it was not possible. As she looked at Clarence, she saw his glance fall to her pubic area, although he made no comment. She had a thick bush of pubic hair, which she seldom trimmed because she rarely wore the kind of clothes where stray hairs would show. Now it was all showing.

Clarence hung up the bag on the clothes rack, then opened the door and led the now nude woman out into the hall, in the opposite direction from where she had gone before. After passing stares of the curious, she arrived at an outside door, which Clarence opened. Outside, a van awaited, and she was ushered into it.

As she entered the van, she saw her companion-to-be. A younger woman, of the bronzed skin common to the local population, sat in the van. She was probably in her late twenties, with dark hair, slender, nice looking but no outstanding beauty. And she was as naked as Nancy.

The two sat in van, vaguely acknowledging each other, but without any real conversation. Another policeman joined Clarence, and drove the van through the streets. Both women sat quietly, covering themselves with their arms as best they could against the onlookers who constantly sought a view through the window. They talked only briefly. Nancy learned her name was Veronica, and this was the first day of her exhibition. She lived locally, had been married a year earlier, She and her husband needed her income desperately to survive, and she would lose her job if jailed. She had been given the option of corporal punishment, and she took it to avoid jail, but she was facing it with dread.

After about fifteen minutes of driving, they arrived at a compound on the edge of the town. It was surrounded by a fence with a gate, which the policemen unlocked and which they drive through, the policemen closing the gate after them. Nancy noticed a sign beside the gate which read "Exhibition Dock for Female Convicts", with a piece of paper taped below it reading "exhibitions today - 2; public admitted after the exhibitions start". A fairly orderly crowd., mostly men, had begun to assemble outside the compound.

In the center of the compound was a structure about twenty feet long, supported by several strong wooden posts, and with a roof. The base of the structure was about six feet wide, and consisted of a platform rising about eight inches from the surrounding ground. The platform was filled with what appeared to be clean white sand, and in it several metal posts could be seen with chains attached to them. Just below the roof, and running the length of the structure, was a flat board which also had chains attached. The space between this board and the sand-covered platform was open.

The other woman was taken out first. She was led up to the platform and made to stand on the sand-covered area. She was asked to raise her arms and they were then placed in leather cuffs which were then locked to the steel chains affixed to the board, now behind her head. Her arms were held shackled in a position that allowed her some freedom of movement, in that her hands were only raised to shoulder level, so she could turn and twist a bit, but she could not touch her torso with her hands, nor could they be dropped below shoulder level. Then her legs were similarly shackled, being held loosely about a foot apart. She could move them a bit, but could not bring them together. She was thus shackled facing out from the platform, completely exposed and unable to conceal any part of her body with her hands.

Next Nancy was led out, and fastened into a similar position, facing the same direction, such that the two women were side by side, about six feet apart.

Clarence inspected the finished work. He then positioned himself in front of the two chained women, and addressed them.

"You ladies will now be exhibited, as you are, and we will shortly open the gates and allow the public in. They are not permitted to touch you, and must keep away from the dock, but they can look all they want and say anything they want, as long as it is orderly. A guard will remain to see that nothing illegal occurs.

"You will find that your discomfort will increase as the day wears on. It is now just before eleven, and the day will become hotter, and so will you. You can expect to sweat a lot. You will probably get very tired standing, and anyone who wants to come can stand and look at your nude bodies. Your family members may come later and see you, but they cannot help you in any way. You will be left here for a minimum of three hours today, if you cooperate well. If you attempt to minimize your discomfort, you will be left longer. While you are here, you will be given no food, but once an hour an attendant will give you two glasses of water, which you can drink through a straw. You are required to drink it, and in this heat you should appreciate it.

"You may be wondering what other discomforts await you. There is one more, which will not come from anything we do to you, but which will occur naturally. Both of you have stomachs full of water, and you will be given more each hour. You need not fear thirst. You will sweat a lot, and you should both be hoping to sweat as much as you can. You will lose some of the water you drank through sweat; but what you do not lose that way will gradually move down in your body, from your stomach to a few inches below, and when enough of it has moved, you will very much want to get rid of it. After you have been here an hour, and after you drink your next glasses of water, the attendant will allow you to relieve yourselves slightly - to the extent of no more than half a pint for each of you. He will hold a measured container under you, between your legs, for this purpose, and he will tell you when to stop. This is a process that attracts a lot of attention, and the crowd likes to watch it.

This is all the relief you are allowed - other than a half pint an hour, which is considerably less than the amount you will drink, you must hold your water. If you let out any water at any other time, or more than is allowed you- well, look at that clean, dry, white sand on which you are standing. If you get it wet at all, we will replace it each time it happens, and add another two hours to your exhibition time. If you completely relieve yourself without permission, at any time while you standing here, we will add another day to your punishment so you can try again. So figure it out; hold your water by our rules and you are here only three hours; leak, and you may be here as much as twelve- and we can add additional days if necessary. If you do not cooperate, you can be returned to the magistrate and will get the maximum jail sentence. Good luck!" 

The gate was shortly opened, and the crowd came in. They were mostly male, as expected, and they were orderly. They approached as closely as they were allowed to the two nude women. Nancy noticed that her younger companion got more of the attention - after all, who wants to look at a naked woman over fifty with sagging breasts and a bulging stomach and vein-lined legs when a twenty-something with a slender body is available. Nancy noted, however, that the men who stood in front of her seemed to focus mostly on her thick growth of pubic hair, a much richer patch than that of the younger woman.

Nancy shifted her weight as she could, and tried to make herself as comfortable as possible. As time passed, she noted that the bloated feeling in her stomach seemed to have passed, so at least that was one discomfort ceasing. However, gradually she became aware of the one of which Clarence had warned them - the water was indeed moving from her stomach downward. Already she was feeling a need to relieve her bladder. She did some mental calculation; she had drunk something over two quarts of water, and she knew her bladder couldn't hold that much, but hopefully it would be a while before it passed through her and, anyway it was about ninety degrees and she was sweating, so she would lose some of the water that way. 

A clock was in the compound, in her view, and the two women watched it. The other woman turned to Nancy and said "Well, forty five minutes are gone - and gee, I don't know if I can last the next fifteen. I don't see how a woman your age can do it. I feel like I'm about to burst, and it hurts so-o-o bad. Can you hold it?" "I'm trying", Nancy replied, "but its mighty uncomfortable!" 
