When she saw the long line waiting for the elevators Amy thought she probably should go to the ladies' room in the hotel lobby. She had to pee very badly. But just then the doors opened and everyone started getting in. She stepped quickly inside, hoping it wouldn't take more than a few minutes to get to her floor. She knew she could hold it for a few minutes. 
Amy's room was on the 26th floor. There were about ten other people on the elevator. They all pressed the buttons for their stops and the elevator began to move. Amy really had to go. Really badly. The cramping and burning sensation in her bladder was getting stronger. Why did she drink three martinis and then all those cups of coffee in the bar? She was feeling a little drunk but was controlling herself very well. 
The car came to a stop and someone got off on the sixth floor. Then the ninth. And the tenth. It was moving so slowly! A lady got off on the sixteenth floor. Three more to get off before she got to her floor. Suddenly, Amy felt a huge amount of pressure begin to build in her bladder. Her muscles were beginning to cramp and the burning sensation was getting stronger. She then became aware of how wet the inner lips of her vagina were becoming. 
She was getting close to wetting her panties. The elevator stopped on the nineteenth floor and the last woman got off. Now there were just two men in the elevator with Amy. She squeezed her thighs together but it didn't seem to help. She began to feel the wetness seeping now into the crotch of her white cotton bikinis. It was a warm wetness. There was no longer any doubt about it. She was doing it. She was wetting herself. But no one could tell. No one had to know that this grown woman of 34 – a married woman with two kids, a school teacher in town for a seminar was pissing in her panties. 
The elevator stopped on the twenty–first floor and the older man got out. That left Amy on the elevator alone with a younger man, maybe 25 years old. He was good looking and had on a tight pair of jeans.
"Slow elevator, huh?" he said.
"Yes," Amy murmured. "And I need to get to my room quickly. I need to go to the bathroom pretty bad." She smiled weakly and blushed as she felt an increase in the flow of urine into her panties. It was now beginning to run down her thighs. She was really pissing in her panties. She really was. Oh, God! How embarrassing! And this young man was standing right next to her as she did it! Amy began to tremble. She could feel her face getting flushed and her pulse begin to race. She was embarrassed and fearful that the young man might be able to tell what was happening. What would he think? What would he do? She felt another huge pang in her groin and realized that she couldn't hold back any longer! With a sigh, she relaxed her bladder muscles and just let it all flow.
"Oh, my God. Are you o.k., m'am?" the man asked. He was looking down at the growing wet spot on the carpet between her feet. 
"Oh, I'm so sorry. But I can't help it. I just couldn't wait," Amy said. "I'm so embarrassed! Just look at what I've done. This hasn't happened since I was a little girl. I'm pissing all over myself."
"That's o.k., m'am. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen." For a moment, Amy was able to stop the flow. The elevator stopped on the 25th floor and the young man looked at her as he stepped out into the hallway. He whispered, "It's o.k. It's o.k."
Amy suddenly noticed that the young man had a bulge in the front of his tight pants. He had gotten an erection from her pissing in her panties! The thought made her both angry and excited. As the elevator door closed, Amy saw the young man begin to walk away. She gasped as she saw him reach down between his legs and touch himself! Amy wondered if the young man was going to go to his room now and masturbate as he thought about her peeing in her panties! Had her accident turned him on that much! The idea made her head swim. Finally, the elevator reached her floor. She carefully stepped out into the hallway. Amy couldn't hold back the flow and once again felt a warm torrent of pee pour down between her legs, finally giving her cramping muscles some relief. She looked both ways to be sure no one was there to see what she was doing. Thank God no one else was within sight. Amy hurriedly walked toward her door, leaving a trail of wet spots on the carpet. As she reached into her purse for her room key, Amy began to feel a familiar tingle begin to build up deep inside her vagina. Her clitoris was throbbing. What was happening to her?
She realized that she too was getting a thrill out of losing control and peeing in her pants in public! There she was, a 34–year–old woman away from home on a business trip, fully dressed in her nice business suit with pantyhose and high heels. And she had pissed in her panties. And a man had seen her do it and got a big hard on. Oh, God, that excited her! It made her hot to know that her wetting her panties had had such an effect on a man. What would her husband think? And, did she even care? Quickly Amy put the key into the slot and stepped inside her room. Her heart was pounding! As she closed the door behind her and leaned back against it, it happened. She began to come! Amy reached down and grabbed her crotch through her skirt, rubbing herself through the wet fabric of her panties and pantyhose, making a big wet spot now on the front of her dress. But she didn't care because it felt sooo good! So naughty but yet so good! She needed more! Quickly she pulled up her dress and shoved her hand inside her wet panties so she could touch and fondle her wet and swollen clitoris. She started peeing again, gushing the warm liquid out into her hand as she masturbated, coming again and again! 
She was so hot and so turned on by the bizarre events. She had wet her panties in front of a man and he liked it! Oh, God! She wished he had taken out his cock and pissed in the elevator. And then let her suck on it. Or even fucked her in the elevator! She envisioned him pissing in his tight pants. Or coming in his pants!
It was a long, very complete and exhausting orgasm. She sat down on the floor when it was over and rested. After a few moments Amy went into the bathroom, removed the pee–drenched panties, pantyhose, then her dress and bra, and turned on the bath water. She had a nice long bath, and as she lay there in the tub, Amy gave herself another orgasm, fantasizing about where she might be the next time she wet her panties in public.
J.B.