This is a story about a time when I went with my college roommate and some of my girlfriends to my dad's cabin up in northern Wisconsin. Anyway we got up there and we were having a great time when my roommate, Abby, had to use the bathroom. She went in and came out and said that the bathroom didn't work. So I said to go outside. She went outside and came right back in and said that some guys from college had followed us up there and they were waiting outside. Now there were 5 girls and 4 guys and no working bathrooms. The guys came in and we all started drinking. All this time I had to go really bad and so did all of my friends from what I could see. None of us wanted to go in front of them so we asked them to take us to the nearest store and get a few things. One of the guys took us in his minivan. I sat in the back with my hands in my crotch the whole time. All of us were struggling to keep from flooding our panties. Little did I know that it was so far to the next town. Just before we got into town, my friend Jenny lost her battle and screamed really loud. Her jeans and the guy's seat were soaked. She started to cry. We parked at a Kmart and all ran in. Another one of my friends, Hally, couldn't hold it so she lifted her black skirt and she squatted down behind a car and let it go. I still was running in, hoping to keep from embarrassing myself. We got into the store and a guy walked out right beside us, and the security alarm went off. So a worker there took us in the back. One of them took me by myself and started yelling at me. I was so scared that I really did piss my skin tight jean shorts. He saw me starting to cry, he looked down, and then he said he was sorry. When I got out I seen my other friends sitting in chairs crying so I came over and joined them. The guy that was with us was so turned on. I could tell because he kept messing with his pants. I also happened to look down and seen a huge bulge where his dick was popping up.
Molly