Come Like Thunder, Go Like Rain
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on August 29th, 2010 at 8:13PM

They were predicting scattered thunderstorms for that afternoon, but Leah and I decided to chance it and take the van out to the beach anyway. It was a long drive; the beach was almost an hour from the highway exit, and we’d passed the last gas station and convenience store a long ways back when Leah told me she had to pee. It wasn’t the sort of landscape where pulling over and going in the bushes was very practical. The road was busy with lots of traffic in both directions, but it was narrow with hardly any shoulder and not a lot of trees or bushes hide behind. I asked her how desperate she was. She said she wanted cover, and she could last until we found some.

Twenty minutes later, I did see a spot that might work. It was just a little parking area in the middle of nowhere—really just a berm alongside the road—but it seemed like it do in a real emergency. If I angled the car a little bit and she opened the passenger door and perched her bottom on the running board, she’d be just barely hidden from view. I pulled in and put it in park and asked her if she wanted to try. She looked unsure, but undid her seatbelt. She gripped the crotch of her cutoffs and crossed her legs and then craned her neck, looking all around, taking in the traffic, the geography, the lines of sight. She squirmed in her seat, still hesitating.

At last, she said, “Yeah, OK.”

She opened the door, but just as she swung her feet out, a station wagon with an inflatable kayak on the roof pulled in behind us. Its doors opened and several kids piled out of it. Leah closed her own door again and swore under her breath as we pulled out.

She buckled up, keeping the belt low across her thighs, and then she unbuttoned her cutoffs and pulled the zipper down a few inches. “Oh my God, I have to pee so bad!” she said. She wedged both hands between her thighs, pressed her legs tightly together, and started to rock forward and back. “How much further, do you think?” As if in answer, we passed a sign that said fifteen more miles.

I thought to myself, thinking you’re within seconds of being able to pee and then being interrupted…that’s gotta be a lot worse than if we hadn’t pulled over at all. “You gonna make it?” I asked.

“I guess I’ll have to,” she answered. She scissored her legs a few times, spreading her thighs and then pressing them together again. As I drove on, I was starting to find it hard to keep my eyes on the road. Leah was wearing short, short cutoffs and her thighs looked really buff, the muscles standing out as she clenched…spread…clenched. On top, she wore a tank with no bra, and her nipples stood out plain as day under the thin fabric. Her brow was furrowed and she looked like she was grinding her teeth. 

She looked back at me, suddenly giving an embarrassed smile. “This is really turning you on, isn’t it?”

“Yeah,” I admitted, feeling a little sheepish myself.

She shook her head. “That’s so strange. I still don’t understand it.” She took one hand away from her own crotch to rest it over mine, feeling my hard-on under the denim. “But…wow.” She shifted in her seat again. “I swear, though, I didn’t do this just to tease you. This is real. I’ve just really got to go.”

Eyes on the road, William, I reminded myself. Just drive.

We were following the coast now, and I could see the ocean in the distance. Dark clouds were rolling in over the water. “Looks like it might rain after all,” I said.

“Rain. Great. Just what I need to take my mind off of needing to pee.” Leah still had one hand down inside her cutoffs, maybe inside her panties—I couldn’t tell. But she was gripping herself hard. “I’ve gotta think about something else,” she said. “I’m gonna… I’m gonna do something to try to distract myself.” What she did literally made my breath catch in my throat. She lifted her bottom an inch or so off the seat and slid her cutoffs and her panties down around her hips, down to her knees, down to her ankles, and then she began stroking herself, rubbing her fingers up and down along her slit. She raised her fingers to her lips, wet them, and then went back to stroking herself. She noticed me staring. “Watch the road,” she told me, and then she closed her own eyes and tipped her head back, letting her jaw go slack.

Breathe, William, I told myself. My heart was pounding. We drove like that for another ten or fifteen minutes. I kept my eyes resolutely on the road, but in my peripheral vision I could see her hand moving rhythmically, see her legs as she rocked her hips in time with her hand. I was leaving a wet spot in my own jeans. I wanted to unzip, but I didn’t dare. Five more miles to the beach. Two miles. Half a mile. Next left…

…and then she was coming. I turned off the road and onto the long gravel drive that meandered down to the parking area. The tires crunched against the gravel just as Leah began to gasp and moan. “Oh God! Oh! Ohhhhhh!” Beach grass to either side, but we’d be at the parking lot in another hundred yards. I drove slowly, trying to give her time, but another car was behind me, riding my bumper. She clenched her teeth, trying to come silently. 

“Nnngggghhh!” 

There was a little booth by the entrance, where usually there was someone at the window to collect a parking fee. Leah eyes went wide as saucers when she realized this. She grabbed for a map and spread it out across her lap. She was trying for a blank expression on her face, but clenching her jaw and staring straight ahead was as close as she could manage. She was panting for breath. One hand held the map, the other was under it, probably gripping herself.

I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw the booth was empty today—a hand-lettered sign in the window said FREE PARKING TODAY—so I pulled through and turned to find a space. The lot was pretty crowded but I found an empty spot by the fence at the back. Leah’s breath was beginning to return to normal as I killed the engine. She took a deep breath and muttered, “Oh my God.” She unbuckled her seatbelt and slithered her cutoffs back up over her butt.

She looked over at me and smiled. “OK,” she said. “Maybe that part was a little bit to tease you. But it worked; for a while there I completely forgot about having to pee.” She winced as she zipped up over her swollen bladder, hissing through clenched teeth. She didn’t bother with the button. “But now it’s back with avengeance.” She gripped herself again and bounced in her seat a few times (bouncing in her tank top as well). “My bladder is about to explode,” she said. “Come on, hurry!”

We climbed out of the van and Leah slid open the side door, reaching in for our towels and the duffle with our suits. And, I just have to say, those cutoffs were cut SO short. The sight of her leaning into the van, her round butt peeking out under the frayed edge, would have driven me wild with lust even if she hadn’t been hopping up and down and dancing. Standing again, she crossed her legs (cutoffs really short in front, too) and puffed a couple of breaths like she was in childbirth. “Oh God, I hope I make it.”

A hundred yards at most, and she was really worried? Wow. 

The bathrooms, along with changing rooms and a little concession stand, were all in a building down at the beach end of the parking lot. Leah danced and skipped as we made our way between rows of cars. She seemed beyond caring that anyone knew she was desperate. The building looked different than I remembered it, but it wasn’t until we got close that I realized it was because most of the roof was gone.

In fact, the whole building had been gutted by fire. A small sign, completely unnecessary, said CLOSED.

Leah looked horrified. “Oh my God,” she said. “Oh shit.” This made twice. Almost there. Almost able to pee, and then not. She crossed her legs and bent over double, a fist jammed between her thighs. “What am I going to do?” she moaned.

A woman came walking by with a red tee shirt over her bikini, the word LIFEGUARD emblazoned across the front and back. Leah ran up to her. “Are there any other bathrooms?” she asked, her voice pleading.

The woman looked really sorry for her as she said, “No. They’re bringing port-a-potties sometime today. The fire was just last night.” Leah looked stricken, and the lifeguard went on, “I peed in the ocean when I got here this morning. That’s what I’d do.”

Leah took my hand and said, “Come on, let’s change in the van.” 

“Not gonna just wade out in your cutoffs?” It seemed merciful to point out the shortcut.

“Not without a bra,” she said. I could see why. She didn’t dance and hop her way back—she walked with slow, mincing steps, the effort of not letting go showing in every muscle in her body. She didn’t grip her crotch, but she took hold of the waistband of her cutoffs and tugged hard, digging the denim into her vulva. 

Once inside the van, she stripped off her tank in one swift motion and then unzipped. She rolled onto her back to slide out of her cutoffs and panties, then held onto her crotch with one hand as she turned to fish her bikini out of the duffle with the other. She rocked back and forth, sitting on her heel and grinding her thighs as she threw the loop of the bikini top over her head. She turned her back to me and said, “Tie me up?”

“Huh?”

“Tie the bikini, I mean,” she said. I was naked, my hard-on drooling against my thigh, as I knelt behind her to tie the strings across her back. She was wriggling like crazy, humping the heel of her foot, which made it a little hard to make a neat job of it. Then she was frantically putting her feet through her bikini bottom and pulling it up over her butt. 

She slid the door open again and climbed out, then reached in to give me a hand as I followed. I adjusted my suit as best I could when I stood up, but there was no disguising the huge bulge in front. It was skin-tight spandex and the outline of my penis was in stark relief. I was canted a little to one side; if I hadn’t been, I might have been peeking out over the top of the waistband. Even as distressed as she was, Leah smiled and suppressed a laugh. 

“Maybe I ought to wear a tee shirt over this,” I said.

She giggled. “You think?”

I grabbed it from inside the van and shoved the door closed, sliding the key into the inside pocket of my suit. I was actually glad for the shirt; the sunlight had disappeared and a breeze had kicked up that was almost chilly. Leah took my hand again and held me close to her, shoulder to shoulder as we crossed the parking lot once more. I think she was partly leaning on me for balance. She was mincing her steps again, but faster now. Half way across the lot, she whimpered a little.

“You don’t have to reach the ocean,” I said. “You could just go right here.”

“Nnnng!” she said. She stopped to bend over and cross her legs again. Was she considering it? My heart went thumpity-thumpity-thump at the thought of pee running down her legs while she held my hand. “No.” She shook her head. “I really want to be in the water when it happens.” She started walking again, faster still. “Hurry hurry hurry!” She dragged me after her as she hobbled the rest of the way across the lot. Her butt looked amazing in that bikini, and of course all the more so because I could see every little quiver of her glutes as she held on. The wind was picking up even more, and the sea was turning gray and choppy. As we stepped from the pavement out onto the beach, lightening forked down on the horizon.

“Everybody out of the water!” a lifeguard bellowed through a power megaphone. “Lightening over the water! Everybody out!”

Third time, and next to me, Leah froze. “Ohhhhhnoooooooooo.” She stood rooted to the spot, legs twisted one around the other, her face showing horror. Fear. Despair. The “just go right here” idea wasn’t going to work anymore. We’d reached the beach and here we were surrounded by people, dozens of people, packing up their things and carrying folding chairs and picnic coolers from the beach back to their cars, oblivious as they passed by us on either side. “Oh God oh God oh God,” she whined. 

Then she took my elbow and pulled me to one side, back toward the burned-out concession stand. The beach and parking lot are surrounded by protected dunes and beach grass—even if we’d brazened it out and stepped over the fence onto the dunes, there was no cover out there. Nowhere to hide. Leah led me around the back of the ruined stand, but from every side of it we could still see people running on the beach or packing their cars or just milling around. Leah was beginning to dance again, stepping from foot to foot or stopping to wrap one leg around the other. If she’d been hot in those short cutoffs, she was blindingly, searingly hot doing the pee dance in just her bikini.

We walked the length of the fence with her twisting and writhing with each step, hips wiggling, stepping carefully. We passed the empty booth at the entrance, and then made our way down a row of cars, all the while looking—hoping—for the impossible, for some place with just enough cover for Leah to pull down her bikini bottom and squat over the pavement or over the sand. I was amazed she hadn’t wet herself by now, hadn’t given up, given in, or simply been overpowered by her need. She told me later that being wet with pee would have irritated her skin a lot, but also I think she just couldn’t bring herself to let go and pee down her legs where people could see her, even if no one was close enough to see what she was doing.

Finally we were back at our own van. Leah couldn’t even stand upright by now. She was bent over and wriggling and had her fist in her crotch again. All around us, car doors and trunks were slamming closed and cars were starting up. As I opened our van, I felt a couple of light raindrops on the backs of my arms. I climbed into the back again. Leah followed, and once inside she rolled up both of our towels into a tight bundle and then sat on it, humping it, gripping herself with both hands at the same time. I didn’t know what her plan was, or if she had a plan at all. Maybe she just intended to hold on forever.

“I think it’s gonna rain really hard in just a minute,” I said. “When it does, you can go stand in the rain and…” I let the thought finish itself, unspoken.

“Mm hmm.” Leah looked out at the clouds. We could see a curtain of rain over the ocean, moving towards us. “If I don’t piss all over the inside of the van first,” she said. She pressed her face against the window, watching the weather. “Come on…come on…” she muttered, urging the storm to come faster.

I was trembling with arousal by now. Actually shaking. My penis was so hard inside my bathing suit, it hurt. Gently, I laid my hand on Leah’s back, between her shoulder blades. She turned abruptly and put an arm around me. She pulled me close up against her and grabbed my hand and guided it over her crotch. “Hold me,” she said. “Grip hard.” I did. And then—I couldn’t help myself—I kissed her.

She kissed me back, urgently. I reached up to fondle one of her breasts with my free hand. (The other was in a vice grip between her thighs and I couldn’t have moved it if I’d wanted to.) Then her hands were all over me. She pulled at my suit, got it down at least far enough to let my penis stand up between us. My fingers found the edge of one of the little triangles of her top, slid inside, stroked the skin of her breast and then the hard little knob of her nipple. She pushed me down onto my back on the hard metal floor of the van. My hands lost her, breast and crotch both suddenly slipped away, and I straightened my legs while she grabbed something from the duffle.

Then she was back, sitting on my shin and grinding against it the way she had been doing against the towels. She used her teeth to open a tiny packet as a staccato of raindrops hit the roof of the van. She had the condom on me almost before I noticed what she was doing, and then she moved up, crab-walking on her knees to sit astride me with her crotch pressed hard against the base of my penis, rubbing, her hips rocking back and forth. She was still in the bikini. Rather than take the time to get out of it, she just pulled it aside, raising herself onto her knees for a second and then lowering herself to take me between her lips. She groaned. Was this helping her not to pee?

Or pressing on her bladder from inside and making it worse? She had me pinned so I could barely move, but I was able to slide my hands up along her thighs to grasp the soft roundness of her buttocks. I slid her bikini down just enough to cup her naked skin in my hands. She closed her eyes and grimaced as she moved up and down, sliding her pussy over the shaft of my penis. I gazed at her, curly hair and juicy labia, the bikini bunched to one side, my penis disappearing into her. More rain on the roof now, a tappity-tapping that grew louder and faster until suddenly it was a deafening roar echoing inside the hollow metal van.

“OK. Oh God,” she said, “Hang on, I’ve gotta…”

But I was coming now, and my arms locked around her thighs held her in place while I arched my hips, pushing deeper inside of her.

“Oh God, no! Oomph!” and she was holding her own crotch again, my penis still inside her, still pumping, as she gripped for all she was worth. “Oh God!” she said again. “Help me! Oh God, please please please…!” A vein in her forehead throbbed, the muscles in her neck popped out like cords, and her whole body shook while she fought to maintain control for just one more second.

I let go and she was off of me, crawling/lunging for the rear doors of the van (her crotch poised right over my face while she threw the latch). She pushed both doors open wide and spun her legs to slide out feet first, coming to rest with her bottom perched on the very edge of the bed of the van. The rain spattered wildly in the puddles across the parking lot and splashed off the rear bumper, wetting the last foot or two of the inside of the van. “Oh, thank God!” Leah almost shouted as she spread her legs wide. The bikini covered her crotch again, but rain pelted on her thighs and belly and ran in rivulets between her legs, cold rain and hot pee draining away together.

Outside in this direction was only the dunes, so no one could see as I slipped off the condom and knotted the end and pulled up my suit up again. I slid up behind Leah, Sticking my feet out into the rain, my legs to either side of her, letting my inner thighs press gently against her skin. My whole body was still quivering, scintillating with orgasm. I leaned up against her bare back and put my arms around her waist. She covered my hands with hers and leaned into me, letting her head loll against my shoulder. “Thank God,” she said again, more quietly this time. “I have never in my life had to go to the bathroom that bad.”

I kissed the side of her neck. “You OK now?” I asked.

“Mmmmmm,” she said, with great contentment. I moved my hand to her thigh, stroked a finger along the very edge of her bikini. I thought about slipping my hand inside to run my fingers through her pubic hair. “I’m still peeing, you know,” she said. That made me laugh, and she turned her head and smiled at me. “And you? Are you OK? What was that like for you?”

“Amazing,” I said, hugging her even tighter. “That was just…just totally amazing.” 

