Title: None given

By: Vlad

I had a very embarrassing experience once while I was in college. Our college was on a large campus about a 2 hour drive from the nearest major city. One of my friends had a car, and she drove us into the city for a movie once. We wanted to see the premiere of a foreign film which had just reached the states.

The movie was at 5, and we left at around noon so that we could do some shopping in the city first. We had lunch before we left, and we arrived at around 2:30 and headed for the mall. The mall was very crowded when we got there. We started looking at some sales when one of my friends said she was going to go look for a bathroom. I didn't really feel like I had to go, so I stayed to try on a pair of jeans I was thinking about buying.

They got back as I was signing the receipt. I checked my watch, it was around 3:30. "What took you guys so long? I thought you had gotten lost or something."

"Oh, it's just this crowd. There was a line," Kelly answered. "Is anyone else hungry?" Our next stop was the food court. It took us half an hour to get our food, and we had to hurry to get to the theatre in time. I had a craving for some Chinese food, and wound up with a really spicy dish. I took considerable advantage of their free refills because of it. After drinking 3 or 4 large cokes, I figured it would be a good idea to go use the rest rooms, but we were in a hurry, so there was no time to stand in line. Besides, I figured I'd be able to wait until we got to the theatre anyway.

Getting there took a little bit longer than we expected, but we had a good 15 minutes to spare. The place looked ancient. It also looked like it was falling apart. Once inside, it looked considerably nicer. Feeling the effects of all that coke I drank, I told my friends I was going to go to the bathroom.

Kelly glanced around and said, "It looks like you're going to have to hold it -- the ladies room is out of order." She pointed at the door, which bore a sign clearly saying 'Out of Order'.

"Oh, god. How long is this movie again? I have to go pretty badly already. I wish I had gone when you guys did." Kelly shrugged, indicating that she didn't know, and headed in to find a seat. We followed. She seemed decidedly unsympathetic.

The movie started promptly at 5, which was a surprise. For the first hour or so, I was okay, though the pressure to pee kept growing. After that I started crossing my legs and shifting around, trying to find a comfortable position to sit in. That didn't work very well, and after about 2 and a half hours, I was sitting on my heel trying to hold it with all my might. The pressure was incredible. I thought for sure that I would pee all over the seat. I knew walking was going to be a problem after the movie. Then I was going to have to hold it until we found a rest stop, and I couldn't remember seeing any on the way over.

The movie ended at 8:45, and the crowd started filing out. We stayed in our seats to wait out the crowd. "Now I have to pee too. Really bad," Kelly commented. "I didn't realize the movie was going to be that long!"

"Well, we should be able to find a place to stop along the way." Heather recrossed her legs. "I don't think I can hold it for 2 more hours."

I just squirmed and tried not to pee in my pants. When the theatre finally cleared out, we got up and ran to the car. The lot was also pretty much empty by then, but it was after 9:15 when we finally set out. At least we didn't end up spending a lot of time getting out.

There wasn't a lot of traffic when we left, which was a relief, but it wasn't enough. We were out of the city in about 20 minutes. I was absolutely frantic already, and I knew I wasn't going to last for another hour and a half. I couldn't sit still for a minute, and there was nothing I could do to make the pressure bearable. No position was comfortable, it felt like I was going to explode.

I lost track of time after that. I couldn't think about anything but my need to pee. After what felt like an eternity, I felt the first spurt. I stopped the flow only by grabbing myself with both hands and clamping my thighs together as tightly as I could. I looked at my watch, and realized it would be at least another hour until we got home. There was no way I was going to be able to hold it that long.

"Kelly, pull over! Please! I have to go NOW!" I cried. One look was all she needed. She pulled over to the shoulder and I staggered out, barely able to walk. But before I was able to get my pants down, I lost it. I must have been standing there for nearly 3 minutes before I stopped peeing. When I was done, I felt empty, but my belly still ached, and my pants and shoes were completely soaked. I started to cry.

My friends grabbed some plastic bags from the back and put them on the seat for me to sit on. Kelly finally started to show some sympathy. "I have a feeling I'm going to be joining you soon. I don't think I can hold it much longer." Heather gave up and ran into the bushes. Apparently watching me was too much for her. When she got back, there was a visible patch on her pants.

Kelly was able to wait until we got back, but only barely. She was squirming in her seat when we arrived, and when we got out of the car, she kept her legs tightly pressed together and sort of waddled up to our floor, and into the bathroom. But she didn't wet her pants.

