Rushing Home

(Female Desperation)

Written by Veronique

Stephanie thought about using the toilet in the office but decided to wait until she was at home. She didn't like the toilets at work because the cleaning staff didn't maintain them properly, and she always worried about catching something in there. Besides, her need was not urgent and she was confident she could make it home without any difficulty.

She went to her car and started to drive homewards, then realized she needed to buy some groceries. She took a detour to the supermarket where she most liked to do her food shopping.

She arrived after ten minutes in fairly heavy traffic. Climbing out of the car, she noticed that her bladder now felt uncomfortably full, and she decided it would be wise to use the public toilets inside the supermarket. The idea was not appewaling, but even these toilets were not as bad as the ones at work. Nevertheless, she would put off going, and if she could maintain control of her bladder muscles while shopping, then she would still try to hold it until she arrived home.

She went from aisle to aisle collecting the groceries she needed, all the time aware of the her bladder pressing steadily against the waistband of her skirt. When she was sure no one was watching, she quickly pulled the waistband away from her stomach to gain a momentary reprieve from the pressure. It helped, and she felt better as she resumed her shopping, hurrying now to get the ordeal over with as soon as possible.

At the meat section, she had to wait in line to get served, and standing still became more difficult every passing second. She crossed her legs to help her muscels a bit, but then she had to move in the line and was forced to uncross her legs again. As she did so, she experienced a sharp urge to pee. As soon as she was stationary once more, she quickly re-crossed her legs. There were three more customers in front of her, and she wondered a little frantically how long it might take until it was her turn.

She noticed a woman watching her with a frown on her face. Onlt then did she notice that she was stepping from one foot to the other. She blushed and tried to slow down her movements.

Thankfully, her turn came soon afterwards. Resisting the urge to draw in air between clenched teeth, she pressed her legs together and quickly choose the meats she needed. The server seemed to be moving very slowly, and Stephanie tensed the muscles in her thighs as she desperately fought the urge to wet herself. She was very close to losing control when the woman behind the counter finally handed over her purchases.

She hurried to the checkout, only to find another line of people waiting to pay. She released a tiny gasp under her breath as she joined the back of the queue, wondering how she was going to hold on until she was back at her car and able to sit down again.

Stephanie's thoughts were focused only on her need to pee, and she had to make an enormous effort to keep herself from wiggling around. She kept telling herself she had to try to look casual, but she was on the verge of having pee racing down her legs. She pressed her legs together as tightly as she could, squeezing really hard, but the urge to go just got stronger and stronger. She was forced to shift her weight from foot to foot, doing so as discretely as possible.

Utterly desperate now, her thoughts strayed to the public toilets in the supermarket. If she used them, she would have to join the back of the line again, which would mean another ten or fifteen minutes of waiting to pay. She really didn't want to waste that much time, and made herself resist the urge to run to the ladies and relieve herself.

Her bladder was really hurting now, and she almost whimpered with the pain of needing to pee so badly. Then she checked herself. She was a grown up woman with a fourteeen-year-old daughter. She simply could not disgrace herself like this in public. Oh, but she was so desperate now. She longed to be able to give herself a squeeze, and her hand strayed involuntarily to the front of her skirt. Catching herself just in time, she forced her hand away from the front of her skirt, inserting her thumb under the waistband instead and pulling it away from her bulging stomach.

It helped a little, but she was still in agony. She began to question the wisdom of driving home in this condition, without using the loo first. Would she be able to concentrate enough on the road conditions to be safe?

At last it was her turn at the checkout. She loaded her shopping onto the counter for scanning, keeping her left thumb tucked under her waistband. When it became necessary to retrieve a credit card from her purse, she took her thumb away. The movement was too fast and she winced as the elastic waistband slapped back into place. She gritted her teeth and did her best to stand still as she paid for her shopping.

Carrying the bags to her car was agony. The weight of her shopping seemed to make her steps heavier, sending jolts through her tortured bladder. She opened the back of the car, unable to keep her legs still as she trandsferred the shopping inside the vehicle. The urge to pee suddenly surged, reaching a new peak of intensity. Stephanie had no choice but to really pee dance to keep from wetting herself. She didn't dare try to hide her desperation any longer; if she made any attempt at all to regain her composure and stand still, she would lose it in a massive flood inside her clothes.

She did her best to hurry as she returned the shopping trolly, then hobbled back to her car, one hand pulling her waistband away from her abdomen once more. She fumbled with the key, hopping from foot to foot as she jiggled it in the lock. The door opened and she jumped in.

She started the engine and began driving. She didn't fasten her belt because she was now frightened that the additional pressure would be the straw tha broke the camel's back... or burst her bladder. She drove as fast as she dared to her house, praying she would not get pulled over for speeding. That would be totally disastrous! She pressed one hand between her legs, trying to press down on her crotch to help contain the flood. The maneuvre did not work well because her skirt was too tight around her thighs, preventing her from reaching her crotch.

All the way home, Stephanie kept shifting her legs. Every red traffic light left her shaking with panic, and she could feel sweat on her brow and upper lip now. She absolutely could not take much more. She was frantic, feeling that she really reached her limit. She bent forward as the pain become stronger, and for the last mile of the drive, she sat with her skirt pulled right up to the top of her hips. Holding herself had become essential now.

As she neared home, the mental expectation of relief almost overpowered her. She was so desperate that she could only avoid wetting by pressing her left hand between her legs with tremendous force. She bobbed up and down on her seat as she entered her driveway, then stopped the car and did her best to compose herself.

In the kitchen, Stephanie's daughter Anne was being tutored by her private teaching, Veronique. Maths books were open on the table. Veronique noticed the car arriving and guessed it must be Anne's mother. Timing was perfect: the lesson was at and end, and it was the ideal time to meet and talk with the girl's mother about a few issues. As Anne gathered up her books, Veronique went on watching through the window for someone to emerge from the car in the driveway. She was vaguely mystified that no one had emerged so far, and began to wonder if it was the girl's mother at all.

Inside the car, Stephanie was mustering her strength to compose herself as she stepped from the car and entered the house. She knew Anne's tutor would be there, not to mention her nosy neighbours, and she had no desire to make an exhibition of herself by running for the toilet while grabbing at her crotch. For a full ten seconds, she sat taking deep, steadying breaths, concentrating hard on controlling her bladder muscles as she finally pushed open the door.

Standing was incredibly painful, and it took all the stamina she possessed to keep from behind forward and the waist and pee-dancing on the spot. The pressure under the waistband of her skirt was enormous, and she was sure she would lose control at any moment. She hurried to the door with quick little steps, and then had to stand there hopping around and she searched for her key, her bladder throbbing in time to her racing heartbeat.

The private tutor, watching now from thw window, noticed the woman climb sliffly from her car and hobble towards the front door. She recognized the signs, and knew the poor women was just moments away from wetting herself. She could hear the woman's high heel tapping on the flagstone outside the door, and wondered if she was about to witness a peeing accident.

Stephanie searched frantically for her keys, unable to stand still without loosing control totally. Her heels tapped out a desperate pee-dance that was loud enough to be heard three houses away. At last, she found her keys, wiggled it into the lock and turned it.

Sher pushed open the door and rushed inside, just about to make a mad dash for the bathroom when she saw the two girls standing in the kitchen doorway, watching her. She forced a smile and said hello to them, her hand back at her stomach and tugging the waistband of her skirt away from her swollen abdomen. She stood shifting her weight from foot to foot, unable to prevent herself from bending forward slightly. She hoped that the teacher wouldn't delay her because she could not afford to stand there more than a few more seconds. After that, it would be too late.

Veronique, enjoying the woman's struggles, quickly said hello and invited her into the kitchen to discuss Anne's progress with the private tuition. Stephanie's expression was a mixture of politeness and panic as she tried to decide what to do. Veronique added that she had another pupil booked in just a few minutes and needed to leave almost at once. She explained to Stephanie that she only needed a minute of her time.

With obvious reluctance, Stephanie followed the two girls into the kitchen. She hastily sat herself down on a chair to help suppress her urgent desire to pee-dance. Veronique began talking about Anne's strengths and weaknesses in the subject of mathematics, deliberately making her conversation slow and involved, trying to delay this poor desperate woman as long as possible. It was obvious that Stephanie was losing the battle, but Veronique showed no mercy and kept talking.

Stephanie couldn barely concentrate on what Veronique was saying. She could feel and hear a pounding in her ears, the pulse again synchronized with the way her bladder was throbbing. She held her breath as she fought another wave of pressure on her abdomen, this one far more intense that all that had gone before She was at her limit. Past it, in fact. She pressed both hands down on her lap, but with the hem of her skirt now back in place, she could not reach her crotch. There was nothing she could do, not in front of this 20-year-old girl who was still chattering on about Anne's work, seemingly oblivious to the distress she was causing.

It took every last ounce of willpower for Stephanie to keep her squirming to a minimum. She flexed the muscles in her thighs as hard as she could, but the massive urge to pee would no longer go into remission. She was bursting the entire time now, and her muscles were about to collapse under the incredible strain.

She could hear herself breathing in short, sharp gasps, and every ten seconds or so, she had to hold her breath to help her maintain her composure. She hoped that she was being discrete enough for her situation to pass unnoticed.

As Veronique kept talking, Stephanie felt her annoyance rising. It was as if the girl was deliberately delaying her. She was dying for a pee. Even Anne seemed irritate by Veronique's tedious monologue about mathes.

Then it happened. Stephanie caught her breath as, without warning, a spurt of pee escape into her panties. Without thicnking, she hiked up her skirt and jammed both hands against her crotch. Unable to relinquish this undignified posture, Stephanie stood up and ran towards the bathroom door. Veronique and Anne looked at each other, unable to believe what they had just witnessed. Anne's mother had started to wet her panties.

A few seoncd later, the girls sat listening to the torrent of pee gushing into the toilet bowl, and Veronique imagined the immense relief now flowing through Stephanie's body. It had been fun making the woman wait until she started to wet herself. She had not expected it to go that far, and felt a thrill of excitement that she had actually made it happen.

