Locked Out!
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Keeley had a great day out with her friends, but now she had to get home as quickly as possible, because first of all, not only she had an appointment to see a work colleague, but also, more urgently, she needed to wee very badly.

As she approached the front door of her garden flat, walking awkwardly, clamping her legs tightly together and flexing her bladder muscles in order to prevent her from losing it in her sky blue jeans. she searched through her handbag, but couldn’t find her door keys. Several more searches later, the keys still weren’t inside.

Keeley then felt a spasm surge through her body… that forced her to drop her bag, quickly grab herself with both hands and started to bend double. When she felt the spasm pass, she searched outside the house for the door keys, but after fifteen minutes, she was having more trouble trying to prevent herself from wetting.

She gingerly walked around the house, prancing and holding herself tightly. She looked through all the ground floor windows and tried to open them…. no luck. Then suddenly she remembered…. she walked to the front door and looked under a rock to find a set of keys. However, they were the wrong set which only opened the garden shed.

Keeley decided to wait outside the door for a while. She made a call to one of her flatmates on her mobile phone, who happened to be out at the time, only to connect her with a voicemail message. She growled, and resigned herself to wait for that much needed relief. She continued to bend double and hold herself whilst crossing her legs tightly as she waited for her friend to return.

A couple of hours later, Keeley’s desperation steadily grew worse. She called her flatmate on her mobile, only again to reconnect to a voicemail message. She began walking up and down the garden path, moaning repeatedly, and trying frantically to tighten her bladder muscles in a bid to hold her wee inside. She desperately looked for a discreet place to relieve herself, but the layout of both the front and back gardens meant that she would be seen from other people looking out of their windows.

By now, Keeley had both hands jammed in her crotch and would not take them away in case in case it made her wee involuntarily. Suddenly, she heard somebody walking up the garden path.

“Hello…hello?” said the voice.

Oh, no. Keeley didn’t want anyone to see her in this state. The voice grew louder.

“I’ve got a package for someone to sign!”

“Coming!” Keeley responded. She tried to regain a normal, standing posture, but it’s difficult if one needs to relieve oneself. She walked slowly towards an extremely handsome courier man hold a small, plain covered parcel.

“Sign this, madam,” he said. However, Keeley’s hand started to shake as she wrote her signiture.

“Thank you,” she said, but before she could turn away, she felt some urine leak into her knickers. She immediately dropped the package and started to grab herself again.

“What’s the matter?” asked the courier.

“It’s embarrassing, but…. I need to wee badly,” Keeley pointed out- she didn’t need prompting. “The problem is… I’ve lost my keys and can’t get into the house.”

“Let’s see what we can do,” said the courier in an act of kindness, and started to look for the keys.

Keeley started to lean on the garden fence, cross her legs and began to rock repeatedly. She felt some more urine leak, this time dampening the bottom of her jeans.

“Have you found them yet?”

“Not yet,” the courier replied.

Keeley felt she was in serious trouble, and was just on the verge of losing control of her bladder. She let go some more urine, soaking her bottom. despite gripping her crotch in a desperate bid to hold on, she knew she was going to wet herself, sooner rather than later…. and is currently late for her appointment.

Half an hour’s search in the garden led to nothing. The courier made his apologies and had to leave because he was behind with his schedule. That left Keeley, on her own again, desperate to wee, holding herself, bending double, continually leaking… she bent over to see the growing wet patch in the front of her jeans.

“Hi, Keeley!” another voice called to her. It was her colleague, Kate.

“Oh, no!” she thought. “She can’t see me in this state!”

But it was too late. Her urine started gushing involuntarily, soaking her sky blue jeans. Kate came to see Keeley, suddenly stunned to see her colleague wetting herself in her own garden. When her bladder emptied its contents, she said “I-I-I’m sorry,” and started sobbing.

“Don’t worry,” Kate said, putting an arm around her in sympathy. “Let’s try and get you inside so you can be able to change.”

The wetting accident was embarrassing for Keeley, but surprisingly, she did eventually manage to find her keys- they were in her coat pocket all the time!

