Class Pee
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by wetter18 on January 3rd, 2011 at 2:44AM

Leon sat panting, trousers round his ankle and a thick load of cum slowly sliding down his belly. He sighed, he was supposed to be writing an english essay but every time he sat down at a keyboard he couldn't stop himself typing out another sexy story about an a new fantasy he just thought of.

He had almost made it to the required word limit, concentrating on the themes they had discussed today, and what Mrs Stevenson had said about that character, what was his name again. He could still picture he lips saying his name, her rich red lips, the dimples cute little cheeks in the soft creamy skin that flowed down her slender neck, down to her pert firm breasts, a brief glimpse of her flat toned stomach before it disappeared into her tight trousers that, if you looked hard enough you could just see the faintest outline of her sex. 

Suddenly half an hour had passed and Leon's essay had slowly warped into a story about his hot teacher a year ago in her university dorm, waking up after a hard night out to find he golden juices has escaped from her during the night leaving her pj's clinging to her legs before slowly rubbing herself though the soiled crotch to an electric orgasm. This was hopeless, Leon saved his work, wiped himself clean and went to bed. 

Leon woke the next morning, and slipped into the shower. He desperately needed his morning piss but the toilet was so far away, maybe he'd just treat himself. He relaxed his swelling bladder and shut his eyes to concentrate on the exquisite feeling of warmth rolling down his legs. He could feel himself getting excited, he applied some soap to his hands and reached down to his growing cock, looks like it was going to get extra special clean today. 

Opening his eyes again as the last wave of ecstasy passed through him he dried himself off and caught a quick look at the clock, 8:30 still loads of time. Wait... 8:30 fuck! Leon rushed to get dressed, printed off his essay, grabbed the rest of his books and ran out the door. 

English was the last lesson before lunch, Leon arrived late, handed in his essay and took his seat and got ready to ignore everything while staring at Mrs Johnston's rather short skirt, hoping and praying of catching a glimpse of whatever lay beneath. The class was told to do an exorcise while she looked over the essays ready to give some feedback. 

Leon watch her beautiful green eyes sweep over the pages when he saw her pick up an essay he recognised. Her eyes scanned over it, a red pen made frequent little notes when suddenly a surprised eyebrow arched up and a sly smile spread across her face. He didn't remember writing anything other than the usual drivel, maybe he'd accidentally stumbled upon something really intelligent sounding. He loved English, if your talk enough shit your bound to be write. 

Then she stood up and started and cleared her throat “Right class can I have your attention please.” Taking small steps around the front of the class she continued “I want you to think for a minute about how you can compare the book, which was so controversial in its time for its sexual scenes to modern pornography.” 

The room went quiet and a sea of blank faces stared back at her. “Come on guys, you don't have to be embarrassed, I'm not some old wrinkled professor, I'm only a few years older than you guys, I'm not going to give you detention because you say, cock or tits or pussy. I've only just come out of university myself for God sake, I've probably had more men than all of you, well maybe not Sarah” The room erupted with laughter from everyone except Sarah, who shot a mean look at her current boyfriend Ben for laughing at her. “Don't worry Sarah I've defiantly had more girls than Ben” she said with a wink. 

Suddenly there was a new butt of the joke and it was Ben's turn to sheepishly look at his feet. “So come on what differences are there between this book and modern porn” 

“Well modern porn is a lot more graphic” a voice offered up 

“Yeah and its a lot more kinky” 

“brilliant stuff guys, a lot of today's porn is fetishisized,” Moving into the first row of desks she sat on the empty table in front of Leon. Instantly he felt his cock twitch as he gazed on her creamy thighs. “You get fetishes like leather and domination and even urination” A chuckle ran through the rest of the class as Leon's now solid cock made a distinctive tent in his trousers that Mrs Stevenson must be able to see under his desk. 

“Now you make think it's funny but some people take this really seriously, people wet themselves or there beds, or drink there own urine or other people's” She paused and slowly licked her lips in mock seduction giving rise to more laughter and a few nervous gasps from some grossed out girls. Leon could feel the cum in his balls fighting to escape. “Some people even urinate directly onto other people” said with a sly smile running her hand down her body, over her tight fitting top which showed her round breasts perfectly before sliding down her stomach. This was it Leon was going to cum in English class inches away from his teacher. 

The loud ringing of the bell let him off the hook. Leon breathed a sigh of relief and looked forward to sneaking of to the toilets to let off some steam. “Okay everyone keep thinking about how modern society has been desensitized.” Everyone was leaving and soon Leon was the only one still sat down but she was still sat right in front of him and he couldn't stand up with the massive tent in his trousers. 

“Was there something you needed Leon” she asked sweetly 

“umm no, I'm err fine” 

“Well do you want to go to lunch then instead of sitting here staring at me” She looked down and was suddenly of her short skirt riding up her legs as she sat on the table directly in front of him” 

“you weren't trying to...look up my skirt were you Leon” 

“Um no of course not miss” 

“Stand up for a minute” 

“Um...I don't...” 

“Leon Carter you better stand up this incident or I'm getting the headmaster in here”

Shit Leon thought, the game was up, looking down at his feet slowly stood up. On seeing the massive tent Mrs Stevenson took a sharp intake of breath. “Leon I can't begin to explain how inappropriate this is, well this is highly embarrassing for both of us so I don't want to report you but I am going to have to give you a lunch time detention.” 

Leon sat back down. "I hope you realise how much trouble your causing me, now I have to wait in here all lunchtime and I'm really busy today, I haven't even had time to go to the toilet and, well now I really need to go." She sat down on the desk again and Leon could see her mussles flexing keeping her thighs clamped together. She started chewing lightly on her bottom lip asnd rocking her hips ever so slightly back and forth on the desk. "Talk about something" she barked out rather suddenly

"what.." Leon stammered 

"Just say anything, I need to try and take my mind off my bladder" 

"Maybe you should try relaxing a little, you know deep breathing and all that" 

Mrs Stevenson nodded closed her eyes. Now she wasn't watching Leon took full opportunity of being able to stare at her firm young breasts, not too big, maybe a C cup but perfect for her slender frame, and now they were slowly rising and falling with each deep breath. Slowly expanding outwards, fully stretching her already tight top as she inhaled and then slowly returned to there original position before pushing out again. Leon was really enjoying the show and still had a massive erection under his desk. Think unsexy thought think unsexy thoughts he thought to himself over and over. 

Suddenly she sat bolt upright and clasped her hand to her crotch. "oh shit, I think I relaxed some mussels a little too much" she said, her expression a mixture of panic and humiliation. She was really squirming on the table now, her tight ass wriggling back and forth desperately trying to hold back the flood, this made her skirt ride up higher and higher, if she would only open her legs Leon could see her panties. 

"Right" she said between big gulps of air her facial expression beginning to twist with discomfort "You're going to have to do something, give me a foot massage that always takes my mind off things" 

"I don't think that's appropriate Miss" 

"Well I don't think its appropriate you tried to look up my skirt and 5 minutes later in detention you still have a massive erection so unless you want the headmaster, your friends and every girl your ever going to try and date to know what a perv you are, how about you do what I say" 

Leon quickly jumped up from his seat and kneeled down on the floor before her as she ripped of her shoe and sock to reveal her cute pedicured feet. Not really knowing what to do he put both hands either side of her heel and slowly worked his way down massaging gently with his thumbs. He looked up to see if she was enjoying it and gave a gasp of surprise. From here he could see right up her skirt to her light blue cotton panties which hugged her pussy closly giving a clear outsine of her lips. He could even see the little wet patch where she had lost control before. 

Cum Boiling in his balls and cock aching for attention he worked his hand faster and faster up her foot all the while staring at the little patch of cotton that had absorbed her sweet nectar. "Wait, no, stop it tickles, STOP" came an urgent shout but before Leon had time to make sense of what was going on the wet patch had doubled in size and was spreading rapidly. 

Beads of moisture were forming and began to roll down her thighs, these drips became streams and soon rivers of her piss where flowing out of her panties and down her legs soaking Leon's hands which still held her foot and forming a puddle on the floor he has kneeling on. 

Mrs Stevenson's hand clamped down hard on her panties to try and stem the flow but it just soaked her hand and golden drops began to form and drop from the end s of her fingers. Realising she was fighting a loosing battle she took her now piss soaked hand away and let go. A golden jet shot out from her panties hitting Leon square in his face, he was powerless to stop his eyes closing as the liquid flowed down and just as powerless to stop his mouth opening and sucking in every drop he could get. 

This was the last straw for Leon's bulging balls as he came filling his boxers with hot white cum. Pleasure waves raced through his body just and waves of piss cascaded down his body soaking into his clothes and skin. As he felt the torrent subsiding he blinked open his eyes just in time to see the stream thin and splash its last few drops on his chest before subsiding. 

"OH MY GOD you stupid boy, look what you've made me do, look at this mess, you better clean this up or you are in so much trouble" 

"okay...um...I'll get some paper towels for the floor" 

"the floor, fuck the floor, what about me" 

Leon stared up and sure enough glistening drops of pee still clung to her legs from her thighs all the way down to her ankles 

"and you better use you tongue if you want me to even think about not telling anyone"

Leon didn't need to be told twice to live out one of his ultimate fantasies. Hungry for more of that sweet tasting liquid he bend down and hastily started licking and sucking her legs clean. He worked his way all the way up her left leg, savouring every last drop and making sure every inch got some attention until he had gone all the way up her creamy thighs and was staring right at her soiled panties. 

Closing his eyes he inhaled the scent deeply in, treasuring every second and forcing himself to remember every detail. "And the other leg" She barked. Leon snapped back to reality and quickly bent down to her feet again and started slowly licking his way up again until he was back facing her beautiful blue panties. 

Lifting her ass slightly she quickly slipped them off and let them fall down her legs, Leon had barely enough time to be surprised how excited her bald red puffy lips looked either side of her engorged clit before he felt her hand grip the hair on the back of his head and shoved his face into her pussy. Leon was in heaven, his nose squashed up against his hot young teachers sex his tongue licked and swirled and stabbed her while his lips kissed and sucked. She was so wet, her girl cum flowing freely and mixing with the last drops of piss that hung on her lips. 

The hand forced him in harder and her hips thrust towards him forcing her pussy onto his face. She was panting now, short gasps of air, then a little moan. Leon moved his tongue directly over her clit, swirling and stabbing and slipped a finger deep inside her massaging her G-spot. The moans grew louder. Leon went faster, two figures now. Her hips were now fully fucking his face, the moans grew louder and louder, the hand gripped his hair so hard he thought she was going to rip the back of his head off. "I'M GONNA". Leon stopped licking and clamped his lips around her clit. 

"CUUUMMM!!!!" Leon held of for dear life as her hips bucked wildly up and down, bucket loads of fluid gushing down his chin, a piercing scream filled his ears but he would not let that clit go. The scream slowly subsided and the bucking came to a gradual stop. The hand released him and Leon looked up to see Mrs Stevenson's face, cheeks blushing, sweat rolling down her forehead a look of pure ecstasy on her face as she panted and tried to recover. Her eyes flicked open and her gaze fixed on him. 

Leon was finally hit by reality, here he was in school, kneeling in a puddle of piss, clothes soaked in a mixture of piss and girl cum, a huge load swimming around in his boxers, staring up at his teachers hot excited pussy which he could still see contracting as her cunt mussels clamped down in pleasure. How the fuck was he going to explain any of this. 

"Well Leon", a seductive husky voice came from above, "looks like you've made even more of a mess." Leon looked down at the ground, fuck was she going to tell everyone, he's never get a girlfriend now, or a job, his parents might kick him out, they were always very religious.

"And you work in class has been disappointing as well, the first page and a half of this essay is terrible" What on earth is she talking about school for, doesn't she realise that anyone could walk in and see her bald pussy hovering inches from his face. She handed him his essay back. 

"However there were a few ideas that interested me, I've marked them on the second page" Leon flipped the page and started reading from the red mark. 

"Anna Stevenson awoke slowly with a pounding headache, she had had another sex dream and her hand slid down her pj's to satisfy herself before getting up but she was surprised to find it damper than she expected..." 

Oh shit, she knows all about my pee fetish. "Now these idea's are quite advanced but they need a lot of work, I think I will have to spend some one on one time with you in order to push your grades up. Maybe you could come over to my house" It was finally dawning on Leon. 

"But you don't really want to do work do you" 

"of course I do, what ever are you implying, its just that after the work I want you to cover me with you piss and fuck me senseless" Leon was speechless. Now there is still an hour of lunchtime left and I need to go home and...clean up, maybe we could have our first session today?" 

"I'd love to" Leon said quickly as he stood up. 

"Sorry I had to do this to you at school, maybe I should have just told you I shared your fetish, but I thought every boy fantasises about his teachers" she said reaching forward and thrusting her hand down his pants "and I wanted to see if I could make you cum in your boxers" she said with a giggle. Pulling her hand out she gave Leon and impressed nod as she saw the thick globs of cum that coated her figures "looks like I've not lost my touch" she teased before sucking each one of them clean. "MMM Well I think I know what I want to eat for lunch today".

