Title: Hilary's Movie

By: Rosemary

When I wet herself so dramatically on the roller coaster at the local theme park (Described in detail by my partner Neil in eRosemaryis Ridei Month 15 Competition) we both noted that Hilary seemed unusually fascinated by what I had done, so we were not surprised when Hilary phoned the next week and suggested that we went for a drink, just girls together. I jumped at this, saying that Neil was spending too much time at the pub playing darts or watching football on Sky, and it was time I asserted my independence. The first evening together was only the normal girls talk, except that I noted that Hilary never went to the loo all evening.

The next week I stirred things along by making more frequent than usual visits to the loo, until Hilary casually asked if I had a weak bladder. This was the opening I had been waiting for. "I wouldnit call it weak, just a bit small and susceptible to beer," I replied, "but by comparison to yours it must seem pretty pathetic."

"How do you mean?" queried Hilary.

"Well you had three pints last week without a pee, and youire on your third tonight, and not even crossing your legs, which means a pretty big bladder in my book." I had declared her interest, and it was up to Hilary to respond now.

"Any adult who wets themselves in public like you at the fair, or needs six pees for two pints, has a genuine small bladder in my opinion. Unless you stop drinking now, you will never last the bus ride home, or do you wet on the bus as well as the roller coaster." Hilary was clearly as interested in peeing as me, and so I pushed the subject further.

"There was a good reason for what happened at the fair," I rejoined.

Hilary looked at me questioningly, waiting to hear the reason.

"Neil and I were having a ehold iti competition, and you caught us just when I was near to giving up. I thought that with someone else watching, I would be able to hold on a bit longer. If the ride hadnit broken down, I would have just about held on. Did you notice how quickly Neil was in the loo when we got off? I was close to forcing a draw from a bad handicap position."

Hilaryis eyes lit up. "You mean Neil is interested in peeing as well? Oh you lucky thing, Steve thinks itis really horrid and perverted, so now I dare not even mention it to him. I have to get my fun alone now, like never using the loo in a pub if I can possibly avoid it. Actually I wasnit half desperate last week, I was holding my crutch before I got home." She leaned closer to me. "I was hoping that your bus would be late, and that you would be squirming about, nearly wetting the seat, and then staggering down the road, too well lit and crowded to be able to hold yourself. What did happen?"

"Sorry to disappoint you, but I have been through all that before with Neil. Iim wise to the unreliability of the 56 bus, so I had a quick pee in St. Maryis churchyard before the bus came. If you drink beer with a bladder like mine, you cannot have any qualms about peeing in public."

Hilary looked around to see if anyone was listening in on our conversation, but we were safe at a secluded corner table. "Talking of performing in public, I took part in a peeing video once."

I could hardly contain myself. "You have got to tell me about. Iill get another drink, and then I want to hear the full story."

When I returned, this was her story, as near verbatim as I can remember it.

"After I left college, I tried for a year to make it as a model," began Hilary, "and I was offered this topless fashion shoot, just a couple of hours in the morning. Some girlie mags were still not fully nude then, and this was a low budget affair, but I needed the money. Then the day before the shoot, the photographer rang me, talked a bit about what clothes to bring etc., and then asked if I was interested in another, video, job after the topless thing. Sort of not quite a blue movie, but I would have to pee in my clothes, or clothes that he would provide. I have never been interested in deliberately wetting myself, but when he told me the fee, I could not turn it down. Two of the other girls in the topless shoot were also in the movie, no men involved except Mike the photographer and Joey, his lighting assistant.

"The topless job was a 9 am start, and Mike introduced me to Cara and Alison, the other two in the movie, and told us to drink plenty of the juice and water supplied, as he wanted us good and full when the movie started. The topless thing was a real esmile, click-clicki production line, and by eleven we were on our way to Mikeis house, where the movie was being shot. He said he had tiled floors, so no problem about pee ruining the carpets. Cara was already desperate, squirming about on the back seat, starting to hold her crutch, and telling Mike to drive faster or she would be starting the first scene in the car. I was esexy fulli by then, and trying to quell my doubts about enjoying watching Carais antics. Alison had brought along two big bottles of diluted juice, and was encouraging us to drink as fast as we could, as we would need full bladders for the movie.

"When we reached Mikeis place, Cara was nearly frantic, holding herself all the time and begging Mike to get the camera rolling or she would have to start without him. She had pulled her skirt up so they could video her wetting her knickers, and was just about able to hold out until Mike and Joey were ready. She did a couple of hops and squirms for the camera, then took her hand away and let go a tremendous blast of pee, which just poured through her knickers for about 10 seconds, then tailed off and she was done. I have never seen anyone pee so quickly, or such a gusher.

After this panic start, there was a pause while Mike and Joey got organised; Alison sorted through the pile of clothes provided, and changed into a pair of blue running shorts and top. She then did a few gymnastics ending with her legs apart, peeing herself. The wet stain showed perfectly on her shorts, and on her blue cotton knickers when she took her shorts off after she had finished her pee. It was my turn next, and I was really bursting by then. Mike told me to put on a pair of tight, but quite big, white knickers and squat at the top of a flight of steps and pee. I thought I would be embarrassed, and have trouble starting, but I was too desperate for that by then. As soon as they said pee, I let go, and just went on and on, a long steady stream, the complete opposite of Carais gusher.

"That is half a movie for just one pee,i Cara said as I finally finished. eYou must have had a sheltered upbringing to be able to take a long time like that. Where I come from, a piss like that in the Red Lion car park on a Saturday night, and half the blokes on the Wellington Estate would be standing watching you. You had to learn to drop your pants and do it before they realised what you were doing. Iill show you howi

"Cara changed into a mini-skirt and tiny red knickers, drank some more juice while Mike set the camera up, and then did a quick skirt up, pants down, crouch and gush of pee, and then was standing and smoothing her skirt, almost as quick as I can tell it. That girl could piss like a fire hydrant, I have never seen anything like it.

"Alison was not to be outdone by this, but was also putting on a mini-skirt, though not as tight as Carais.

"iBunch of wimps, your fellas, if you could get away with that. You only took your knickers down for one thing where I lived. This is how I had to pee on a Saturday night.i She stood in front of the camera, legs wide apart, then lifted her skirt up just above crutch level, pulled the gusset of her rather loose knickers aside, and released a long, untidy pee. Most splattered on the ground, but some ran down her legs or splashed her shoes. eItis easier to do it if you are absolutely bursting, when there is more pressure and a better stream. What about you, Hilary, how do you manage to do your marathon pees without being caught?i

Hilary paused in her narrative and took a long swallow of her drink. "That made me feel very sheltered," she continued, "because I donit think I had had to do many open air pees after the pub. My crowd either went to a coffee bar with a loo, or round someoneis house to smoke dope, or I would hold out until I got home."

"Those two seem to have come from some barbaric area," I agreed. "If I had to piss, boys would either walk away or stand guard with their back turned."

Hilary continued with the story. "I was put on the spot by those two, but then I had a flash of inspiration. eI usually wear jeans when I go to the pub, and I have always wondered what would happen if I did have to wet myself in them. Does the pee just soak down the fabric, or does it go straight through?i I asked.

"Joey was already sorting out a pair of jeans to fit me. eGood time to find out, sister,i he said.

"I wasnit really bursting then," continued Hilary, "but I forced myself to drink another big glass of juice and the urge soon hit me. I stood with my legs crossed, as you would if you were bursting in the street, and let go. Pee just soaked down my legs and dripped from the bottom of the jeans, but it wasnit until I opened my legs that any came through. If I had been wearing black jeans or wet look trousers, I could have had a pee and probably no-one would have known. Alison said that it was fine if you only did a trickle like I did, but a real gusher like Carais would go through the thickest denim, and she wanted Cara to demonstrate to prove it.

Hilary had another drink as the last orders bell interrupted her. "That was when things started to get out of hand. Cara claimed that she could pee slowly if she had to, just so long as she was not frantic, and bet Alison that she had more control over her bladder valve that Alison did. Alison challenged her to stand with her legs apart and see who could wait longest, and then who could just let little spurts go to ease the pressure. Despite her boast, Cara could not stop properly once she had started, but Alison was incredible, such control, she could stop and start at will, just like turning a tap on and off. I had to try as well, but I could not stop for long once I had started when I was bursting.

"Next, I wanted to try wetting under a long dress, to see if anything would show, but the problem for all of us was that it was taking time to refill our bladders after each scene. So we abandoned healthy fruit juice, and started on the cans of beer and cider that Mike had laid on. On top of gallons of fruit juice and water, this really got our bladders going, and as we got pissed, so the video degenerated into a riot. We seemed to encourage each other, and I suppose that Mike, as an experienced producer, egged us on, and we all lost all our inhibitions.

That day I saw just about every pissing position I had ever dreamed of, knickers on or off. You name it, one, or more likely all of us, would try it. Trying to piss like a man, arched back and legs apart, no knickers: if you have your legs really wide open you can do it. Leaning back in a chair, seeing how far you can reach. Laying on your back and trying to send up a fountain. Cara was good at that. Then we each held on until we were absolutely frantic, just to see how much pressure we could produce. The other two were determined to see me produce a gusher, but even when I was on the point of exploding, I did not have much pressure for long. About the only thing we didnit do was measure our volumes, mainly because we didnit have a measure, but we could all more than fill a large beer can. We tried that to see if it was possible to pee on a coach outing. Joey was working non-stop, mopping up the mess, but Mike was ecstatic with the material he was filming.

"Then it was all over. Half past two in the afternoon, and Cara and I were staggering down the street to the tube station, so drunk we could hardly stand, sharing a greasy burger and bag of chips to sober us up. I fell asleep on the tube, then woke up bursting, feeling dreadful, and counted off the remaining stations, legs crossed and teeth clenched. It was a toss up whether I was going to be sick or piss myself. If the carriage had been empty, I would have pissed on the floor, I was so bad. The last two stations I was holding my crutch, hoping the old boy opposite didnit notice, but the alternative was wetting myself, which he would have noticed.

I just about made it, tried to run down the platform, but that was too much for my stomach. I was sick in the waste bin, holding my crutch because I was nearly pissing myself as well. When I got to the loo, I only just had time to pee before I threw up again. I was in a terrible state, but somehow I got home and went to bed for the rest of the day. Cara rang that evening, still pissed, complaining about the cushion on the new style trains. She had tried to have a quiet pee under her skirt, thinking the seat cushion would soak it all up, but instead it had dripped onto the floor, which gave the other passengers a real shock."

The pub was closing, and Hilary had to finish her drink. "Did you get a copy of the movie?" I asked, rather too anxiously, "Did you get any offers to do any more?"

"I said that Mike was ecstatic with the video, and he offered me as much more work as I wanted, and as blue as I wanted. I could set my limits, and he was sure he could keep me busy. He paid good cash, and I needed the money, so I was willing to go along with him for a bit, just until the real modelling picked up again. I asked about a copy of the video, as I was interested in peeing then, and I was going to get it at the next session. Sort of an incentive to keep me coming back. Even when I had sobered up the next day, I was still willing to see what he had to offer. For the first time in my life I had met other people who were interested in pissing and waiting to bursting point, and I didnit feel that my interest was perverted any more, but then it all went wrong. Cara rang again in a real panic. Mike had been busted, and the Vice Squad had all his films, diaries, note-books etc., and were trying to identify the models he used.

She and Alison had done some real hard-core stuff with Mike, and were really scared. Alison had gone back to stay with her parents in Scotland, and Cara was off to Spain to do a season as a night-club hostess. I never heard anything more, either from Mike, Cara, or the police, but it scared me off any more illegal stuff, and of course, I never got to see a copy of the video. In fact, I doubt if anyone other than the Vice Squad ever has. I had just started to convince myself that being interested in other people peeing, and being desperate was not a horrible perversion that I should be ashamed of, and then the raid made me think it was perverted and even illegal, again. Thatis why I have always been so secretive about it. Steveis attitude has only made it worse. You are the first person I have ever talked to about peeing like this"

I was now openly squirming in my seat, one hand pressed in my lap. Hilary also had her legs crossed. "Thatis it," said Hilary, "my one and only really exciting group peeing experience. It must be auto- suggestion, but talking about it has made me really desperate. I think we had better go before we test the absorbency of the seats, Cara style. I reckon there is quite a crowd in the loo now, but at least we wonit have to pretend to look the other way if there is someone jigging about in the queue."

As I led into the loo, I was delighted at the outcome of the evening. Hilary, it seemed, was as interested in desperation and peeing as Neil and I were, but had been a loner up to now. Our next weekly meeting in the pub promised to be interesting, though it would probably be my turn to recount a peeing incident.

Rosemary, encouraged by Neil. (As I was not there, it is better that Rosemary tells the story in her own words than I write a second-hand account of the evening. Neil.)

