Being Bad
	Hannah gets caught peeing.
Author: MissA5

This story involves peeing. If that isn't your cup of tea, don't read it. But if it is your cup of tea (or pee*wink*), enjoy! Remember to vote and comment!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hannah jumped as her phone started to vibrate from her back pocket. She had been masturbating: her hand shoved down her jeans and her fingers rubbing her clit furiously as she imagined pissing—outside, in public, in a man's mouth, anywhere. She reluctantly lifted her butt up and grabbed her phone, wiping two wet fingers on her bedspread.

"Hello," Hannah answered, breathless.

"Hey, Han... uh... why are you breathing funny?"

"Oh, hey Mandy! I was, uh, running," Hannah lied. "Working out."

"Oh." Mandy didn't sound sure; Hannah held her breath. But then Mandy continued.

"Okay, so my parents decided last minute to go on vacation, and I need a huge favor. Can you come check on Penny once in a while? She's in her pen outside and has a ton of food and water, but I just want to make sure she's okay while we're gone."

Penny was Mandy's pet rabbit. She had a huge hut and pen outside and she was usually fine out there, but Mandy was overprotective.

"Yeah, sure, Mandy! I can do that." Hannah reluctantly buttoned up her jeans and stood up. The mood was gone. "When will you guys be back?"

"We're leaving tomorrow, early, and we'll be back in three days; Wednesday."

"Sure, Mandy. I'll go check her tomorrow night and every night after. That okay?" Hannah walked downstairs and opened the fridge.

It was summer and nineteen year-old Hannah was home from college. Mandy was her best friend, and they lived a 5 minute walk from each other.

"Yeah, that's fine. Thank you so much for doing this! I'll stop by later to give you extra food for her, just in case. You don't need a key, right? She's outside."

Hannah shrugged, deciding on a water bottle from the refrigerator. "Nah. I won't need anything inside."

" 'Kay. Thanks again, Han. I'll be by later."

Click.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next evening, Hannah walked down her street, holding the bag of food, just in case. Her mind wandered as she strode past the suburban homes and trees, thinking of how much she didn't fit in as suburbia's typical good girl.

For as long as Hannah could remember, she had liked to pee where she knew she shouldn't. She had always liked to pee in her panties, and it had taken her a long time to potty train: not because she wasn't capable, but because she just liked the feeling of peeing into her panties. As she grew up, her love of being "bad" had turned into a fetish. She liked to pee anywhere but a toilet, and especially outside. It made her feel bad and wild.

Hannah was about 5'5", and curvy. Double D breasts topped her chest, and she enjoyed her curves, although being short had its downfalls. She was pretty, but looked, outwardly at least, like a "good girl." Her golden-brown hair was usually in a neat, curly ponytail over one shoulder, and she wore clothes that didn't make a spectacle of her breasts. She wore glasses, giving her a (she hoped) sexy librarian look. Hannah was not someone who looked like she would have such a dirty fetish.

But in the heat today, Hannah was wearing a mid-thigh-length dress that showed off her cleavage in a tasteful way. It was much too hot to cover up.

When Hannah arrived at Mandy's house, she walked around the back of the house and opened the gate to Penny's pen. After looking around for a moment, she spotted Penny lying in her hut, asleep. She checked the rabbit's food and water bowls, and, finding both full, sat down in the grass and pulled Penny out of her hut.

Twenty minutes and much play later, Hannah sat Penny back in her hut and stood up, brushing off her skirt. But as she ran her hand over her stomach and brushed off the dirt that had transferred from Penny's paws to her dress, Hannah felt a familiar pang in her bladder.

She had had to pee only a little when she left her house, but now she really had to go. Realizing that she had no key and couldn't get inside, Hannah sighed and looked around.

Through the thin trees, Hannah could see to the next house. Her neighbor was working in her garden, turned away from Mandy's house. Hannah thought for a moment about going over and asking to use Mrs. Cooper's restroom. But then she realized.

This was the perfect time to be bad. No one was at Mandy's house, and Mrs. Cooper wasn't paying attention.

Hannah looked around. Where is the worst place to do this, she asked herself. She wanted to be bad. She wanted to be sooo bad. She wanted to get that release she felt when she did this; the release from her good girl exterior, the release of being bad.

Suddenly, she saw it. Across the backyard, right in front of the tree line, was a grouping of outdoor chairs with cushions on them.

I am so naughty, she thought. SO naughty. She knew it was nasty, gross, depraved. But she wanted it more than anything at that moment.

Walking slowly towards the chairs, Hannah thought about what she was about to do. She was about to deface her friend's parent's property. But they would never know it was her. No one would know that it was she, Hannah, that had pissed right on their chair.

Hannah stood in front of the chair and looked down at it. The light tan material was sure to stain, badly. She felt a tiny pang of guilt for ruining Mandy's parent's chair. But the guilt dissipated quickly. It gave way to excitement.

Hannah had peed places she shouldn't have before. Outside, in sinks, in showers. But she had never done something this bad. And she was excited to be bad.

Lifting her skirt, she grabbed the top of her panties, bringing them down. But when they were halfway down her legs, she stopped. Hannah wanted to make the most of this feeling. She wanted to get the thrill of pissing in her panties, in addition to the feeling of peeing right on a cushioned chair, outside. So she pulled her panties back up her legs, shivering when they hit her wet sex.

Hannah's heart pounded and her bladder throbbed. She was almost bursting now; her bladder was full to the brim.

Trembling with excitement, Hannah turned around and lifted her skirt, pulling it out of the way. She sat down, felt her panties and the cushion pressing into her pussy. She felt the wetness between her lips; she was extraordinarily excited by what she was doing.

Looking up and around one last time, Hannah realized that she was in full view of the driveway. It doesn't matter, Hannah, don't be silly, she told herself. If anyone sees you, you'll just look like you're sitting on the chair, watching the birds. And besides. No one will come.

Hannah took a deep breath and pushed. She felt a small trickle of golden liquid escape her lips and wet her panties, but she realized that she was too nervous to allow her bladder to fully open.

Calm yourself, Hannah scolded her mind. You like this, remember? And no one is going to come.

Taking another cleansing breath, Hannah started peeing again. This time, her piss gushed from her full bladder. In an instant, Hannah felt a million different things. The breeze on her skin and the realization of how depraved she was being combined to give her raging goose bumps.

The grass on her toes made her feel close to nature, but the feel of the chair reminded her that she wasn't just pissing outside like any other animal, she was being bad. VERY bad.

And the most overwhelming feeling: the pee gushed from Hannah's pussy lips, first pooling inside her panties. She loved this feeling. A grown girl, pissing once more into her panties like a child, being bad like she wasn't in any other situation.

The pee broke through the thin cotton of her pink panties and soiled the cushion of the chair as Hannah began to moan. The feeling of her piss wetting her chair cushion below her made her want to scream her pleasure. She ground her clit into the chair as piss continued to gush from her sex, soaking the cushion.

Hannah was lost to the world. She had her eyes closed and her head thrown back, and she felt like she had been peeing for hours, not mere seconds. She felt an orgasm approaching as she ground herself into the cushion. She was so bad. She was peeing into her panties like a little girl again, but as a grown one now. The simple idea of it was enough to make her horny as hell. But actually doing it... that was enough to make her come.

She never came this fast. But this time, now, her orgasm was racing at her. A spring inside her coiled tightly, and she ground her pussy into the soaked cushion of the chair, moaning her pleasure.

Hannah was so lost that she did not hear footsteps approaching on the blacktop. She was so close to her orgasm. So close. But then a shoe scuffed.

Hannah's eyes snapped open. David was standing no more than six feet from where she sat, piss gushing from her core.

Suddenly, Hannah became aware that her piss had soaked through the thin chair cushion and was now pattering onto the ground below the chair, pooling in a hot yellow puddle. In any other situation, this sight would have been the image that drove her orgasm to completion. The evidence of her naughtiness, the sight of her depravity.

But now, with the 28 year-old neighbor—that she had always had a crush on—standing in front of her, the image drove the blood from her pussy to her cheeks, and abruptly stopped the waterfall that had still been falling from her core.

David was standing stock still, staring at the piss dripping from the chair underneath Hannah.

"I... um... I'm sorry... I was looking for... um..." he stammered, looking anywhere but Hannah's eyes, mainly at the puddle of her pee underneath the chair.

"Oh my god." Hannah felt tears pool in the globes that David refused to meet. "I... oh my god." She got up and pulled her skirt down.

"I'm so sorry...oh... I was... oh my god... I'm... I'm sorry..." The disjointed phrases tumbled from her lips. Word vomit, she thought. That's what her teacher called it.

She was about to rush away when she saw it. While trying to look at the ground, more embarrassed than she had ever been, her eyes had strayed upwards, to David's shorts. There was a noticeable bulge in them, and he was now staring at the huge wet spot on the chair cushion.

Now it was Hannah's turn to stare. Her eyes fixed on the hardened shaft that strained at her neighbor's jeans. She had thought of it often in her masturbatory explorations.

David was tall and fit, attractive, but off-limits. He had always been way too old for her, and she had left her fantasies of him just as fantasies. But now...

Now he had caught her, defacing her friend's property on purpose, pissing right into a chair and loving it. He had caught her being bad, being depraved. And he liked it.
