Dying for the Loo
	(Female Desperation & Bondage)
Written by Sugar Church

I was out with friends Tammy and Jac, just looking around the shops without going in to many of them, mainly because we didn't have much money between us. I thought when we started off that we'd only be a few hours, but Tammy and Jac seemed tireless as we went from shop to shop, trying on clothes.

After a while, I was bursting for the loo, but I put off going because I hate public toilets, no matter how clean they might appear to be. I was adamant that I would hold on, however long it took to get home.

As the time passed, things got worse and worse, until I found I couldn't stand still anymore. At last I had to admit that I was in trouble.

"I've got to pee!" I screamed at my two mates. They just burst out laughing,

'Well, go on then. There are some toilets over there" Tammy said, pointing to some public loos.

"No, I want to wait till we're at your house," I said, putting my hand on my crotch.

I was wearing a very tight mini skirt, and no knickers underneath, so I had to be careful not to show everything while I was holding myself and dancing around in my desperation.

"Then you'll have to wait," Tammy said. "There are two more shops I want to visit first."

"Can't we do that another time. I really do need to pee."

"No," Tammy said, and turned to walk in the direction of more shops, away from her place. I had no choice but to go after her and Jac since I knew I could never make it back to my own place in time.

I tried not to let my situation be too obvious to the other shoppers, but I was so desperate that I had to keep moving my legs all the time. I had to grab myself several more times as I waited for Tammy to try on a pair of jeans she obviously wasn't going to buy.

I was ready to burst by the time Tammy and Jac agreed we could go back to Tammy's place. It was the longest walk of my life, because every step sent a jolt through my bladder and made me leak little squirts of pee every couple of minutes. My bladder was totally full and couldn't hold any more. I could hardly walk.

As we reached Tammy's house and she opened the door, I made a bee-line for the stairs, letting out more squirts of pee as I climbed up them towards the toilet. Before I reached the top, I suddently felt an arm wrap around my waist and drag me back.

"Oh no you don't!" said Jac, dragging me back down the stairs and into the living room.

"What are you doing?" I screamed out in panic.

"I want you to wait," he said, and made me sit on a chair. Tammy came out of the kitchen with a roll of duct tape. I stared at her, not able to believe what my friends were doing to me.

I struggled hard and begged to be allowed to go to the loo, but they ignored me and tied me to the chair. Tammy went away and came back this time with a camera that she stood on a tripod.

"I'd like to film this for my Internet website," she said, as she started the camera recording. She and Jac laughed and left me there, trying to get free.

I sat there trying not to piss myself, but with my hands and legs taped to the chair, I couldn't squirm around very much. I let out a little bit of pee and sighed of relief, but it didn't last long. I got more and more desperate to pee.

I started moaning like I was in pain, and I heard Tammy and Jac giggling out side the door. Then I heard a tap running. It made me need to pee even more, and I tried to squeeze my thighs together. It was not possible, and after a minute of this torture, I felt myself leaking again. This time, it built up and I couldn't stop my pee coming out. I begged one last time to be released, but my friends just went on laughing. I couldn't stop my pee now, and realizing I was not going to be allowed to use the toilet, I gave up fighting and let it all go.

I moaned with relief as the warmth ran down my legs and puddle on the seat of the chain beneath me. Tammy and Jac walked in and immediately untied me. Tammy started to kiss me passionately while Jac pulled my skirt up and licked my wet pussy.

Nowadays, I wet myself all the time, even at work, just for fun. I like to hold it until I am about to burst!

