Game, Set, and Wet (patt 2)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental and Deliberate Wetting, Foreplay and Humiliation.
By Gillian

The second time Kristine wet herself at tennis camp happened midway through the season. It was a hot summer day and thunderstorms had been threatening all afternoon. The girls had just finished their mobility drills and their endurance drills and because of the stifling heat and humidity, they had all drank a lot of water. By the end of the three-hour session, all the girls were thinking of the bathroom, some more than others. Kristine in particular was incredibly desperate.

As the last drill concluded she sighed in relief as usually that meant they could take a break before doing the skill drills later. The rain started to fall, and the instructor called out and instructed them to meet in the gymnasium of the facility. "Thank GOD we're done, I have to pee SOOO bad I'm about to bust!" Kristine mentioned to her roommate Stacey as they started to walk quickly back to the gym before the rain got much harder.

"Yea, I'm like dying inside too, I almost wet myself on that last drill on the courts!" Stacey replied. "God, I have to go, go, go," Kristine giggled, holding herself momentarily as they walked. "Hold it," Stacey giggled in return "You don't want to be like Danielle, do you?" "Oh GOD, no," Kristine replied. Danielle was this really shy girl from Russia who didn't speak very much English. Having grown up watching the Russian onslaught of tennis stars in the early 2000's she had saved up her money and moved to the US when she turned 17 and lived with her grandmother.

This was her second tennis camp. One day in the past week the girls had finished doing running drills and Danielle suddenly yelled, making everybody turn and look. It had been at the end of the session and everybody's bladders were really full and when everybody turned around they saw Danielle start to cry, her body shook and the Russian girl started peeing into her Lycra workout shorts. The pink Lycra fabric was clinging to her enlarged girlhood, staining as she peed through her shorts; the pee running down her legs, the wetness in her crotch making the fabric slightly see through.

Everybody could tell that she wasn't wearing any underwear beneath the lycra shorts when they saw the poor girl pee uncontrollably down her long legs and onto the surface of the track, pee streaming out of her for almost a minute, flooding her socks and shoes as she wept in embarrassment. "GODDDD, I have to go," Kristine replied again, hurrying. The two girls caught up with the rest of the girls in the gym.

They headed over to the bathrooms, both in desperate need of relief, until they saw that the rest of the girls were standing in one line in front of the coach, some of them looking very uncomfortable. They stopped. One of the girls motioned to them and whispered, "Over here, no break yet, hurry." Kristine panicked. She needed to pee so badly she was almost wetting herself while they walked; Stacey had to pee quite badly too, and here it seemed that the coach had something else in mind. They sheepishly walked over to the end of the line. Kristine longingly looked over at the locker room she could see out of the corner of her eye, dying, wishing she could just escape to let go of the ocean inside of her.

"Shit," Stacey replied, grimacing as she clenched her legs together, obviously needing to go to the bathroom very badly. "OK, LADIES," he screamed. "RIGHT NOW, YOU PROBABLY ALL THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO GET A BREAK. Well..." he continued, "YOU'RE NOT GOING TO. IT'S TIME TO GET TOUGH- TO WORK THROUGH PAIN. TO KEEP GOING WHEN YOU'RE TIRED. NOBODY LEAVES THIS LINE. NOBODY!" Kristine looked up at him in terror.

Her bladder was throbbing violently as wave after wave of pressure was overtaking the poor girls body. Her urethra was burning and her pee was about to explode out of her clenched pee hole. "ALRIGHT. Relay Races. Team up with a partner, and we're doing relay sprints first. Time to see WHAT YOU GIRLS ARE MADE OF!" A dark haired girl nobody really knew on the end squirmed, she needed to pee badly too, and it was entirely obvious that nobody was going to get a bathroom break. But Kristine needed to pee so badly, she knew she couldn't hold it. She had to go, and while she was usually shy, she just had to ask.

"Um, coach," she said meekly. "WHAT?" he screamed. Kristine almost peed into her shorts right there. "Uh, I really need to use the bathroom. It's an emergency," she replied a little louder, embarrassed to be asking for a bathroom break. "Oh, so you have to go PEE? WELL, WELL, WELL, Kristine. WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?" he yelled.

Kristine looked like a scolded child, standing there, embarrassed. She was wearing a blue T-shirt and a pair of extremely short and slightly loose white boxer shorts made from very thin fabric, that she sometimes slept in. Her other shorts and stuff had all been in the laundry which she was going to do later that day. The shorts barely covered her butt, the white panties with light blue filigree designs of flowers on them that she was wearing were clearly visible from her backside, and the thin cotton fabric of the shorts was extremely revealing. From the front one could see bits of the design on her panties including their waistband through the thin shorts.

The shorts were so short that when she stood with her legs slightly apart, there was only a half of an inch of inseam between the bottom of the shorts and her crotch. People had actually gasped when she had worn them outside, because anytime she moved, bent over, or did anything she flashed everybody around with her panties. Kristine herself, a very shy girl, suddenly realized halfway through the drills, to her great embarrassment, that the shorts were entirely too short to work out in. Now she stood in front of the class in them, begging her instructor for a bathroom break and her face turned red with shame.

"Pl, um, please, it's really an emergency," Kristine pleaded. Her bladder screamed inside of her, she placed her knees together and clenched herself, trying to hold back the urine burning inside that wanted to escape so badly. "NO," he yelled back. Kristine couldn't believe her ears. She needed to pee!! Badly!! "But please, I mean, why, I need to pee," she pleaded with her voice in a panic.

"SO YOU HAVE TO PEE. OK. SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO IN THE MIDDLE OF A MATCH WHEN YOU HAVE TO GO? YOU ONLY GET SO MANY BATHROOM BREAKS. YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO LEARN TO HOLD IT. AND THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO- RIGHT NOW!" "Bu-bbuutt I can't, please, I really can't," Kristine pleaded. Tears formed in her eyes. Her bladder throbbed violently as she felt her pee rush to the very edge of her urethra where somehow she managed to clamp off the flow before soaking her panties and shorts. "COME UP FRONT THEN, STAND HERE," he commanded.

Kristine sheepishly stood up in front of the class. She was trembling, she couldn't keep her self still, her foot was tapping on the ground and her knees knocked together, her legs tensed as she tried to hold her pee in.

"SEE, GIRLS, THIS IS WHAT S GOING TO HAPPEN TO YOU IF YOU CAN'T HOLD IT. SHE'S ABOUT TO PEE IN HER PANTS, ISN'T SHE?" The other girls gasped. They couldn't believe he wouldn't let Kristine use the bathroom when it was so obvious that she needed to go so badly. Stacey looked at her and saw that her face was in pain. Kristine looked back- barely able to control her pee. "KRISTINE, GIVE ME 50 SQUAT THRUSTS, AND THEN YOU CAN GO PEE!" Kristine looked at him in terror. She could barely move.

She tried to do one, and her bladder violently screamed. She stood up and begged again. "Please, I'm really serious, I can't hold it." "49 MORE AND YOU CAN GO," he screamed. "YOU MUST LEARN TO DEAL WITH PAIN, TO DEAL WITH ADVERSITY. HOLD YOUR PEE AND DO IT NOW!!" His voice bellowed as he screamed louder. Kristine somehow willed herself to attempt to do the rest; each one torture as she knelt down, did a squat thrust, then stood up. Each time she stood up she thought she was going to start peeing violently.

After the last one she stood there, totally in panic, her body shivering with pain. She started to feel nervous; her breathing was short and quick, and her body was screaming at her. "NOW HOLD IT FOR FIVE MINUTES AND THEN YOU CAN GO," he yelled. "No, I can't, please, oh God, I can't... Ooh Goddd," she screamed. Her body tensed as an intensely forceful and painful wave of pressure overtook her. She clenched herself as hard as she could, her pee dying to escape. She looked over at Stacey. Stacey looked at her and started crying. Kristine looked and realized that Stacey was shaking with her legs together, her feet tapping violently.

Stacey was wearing a pair of faded green nylon running shorts similar to the pair Kristine had, and suddenly Kristine saw a dark stain spreading from Stacey's crotch! Stacey turned red and tried to hold her pee in but she couldn't and started peeing silently into her shorts, the pee rushing down the gorgeous blonde girl's legs onto the gym floor. Nobody else but Kristine saw it since the attention was on her. Stacey totally soaked herself for nearly a minute, peeing hard and strong into her panties and shorts, both of which were quickly made sopping wet with her hot pee. Kristine looked over at her coach right as she felt a huge wave of pressure.

"TWO MINUTES," he yelled. Kristine clenched, the pressure too much this time, and a quick jet of pee escaped her tortured pee hole. She screamed, tried to hold it in. Another jet, this one lasting two seconds. Her panties were wet now, and she felt a pee droplet or two trickling down her toned and gorgeous thighs.

"Oh God, nooo," she pleaded. She tried to hold on but she couldn't. Suddenly her bladder control completely gave way as the next jet of pee she was totally unable to control. Kristine was standing there, in front of the coach and the entire class, in her ultra short white boxer shorts that were so thin that they were almost see-through, and she was peeing violently into her panties. The girls gasped and giggled as they watched Kristine pee her pants, the wet stain quickly spreading, the pee streaming down between her legs and the edge of her loose shorts. Her panties became flooded with her warm urine, stream after stream coming out of the poor girl as she lost all control. Kristine stood there, her legs slightly apart, pee streams both running down the insides of her thighs as well as a stream pouring straight out from her tortured girlhood onto the wooden gym floor.

The gym was silent as the peed, the sizzling hissing noise as the pressurized pee exploded out of her pee hole and through her skimpy clothes; loud in the silence, the splashing and splattering noise crisp as it flooded onto the gym floor. For the second time in her life, Kristine had completely wet herself in front of a large group of people. She started to cry. She didn't know what to do, so she just stood there. The coach finally let the girls have a break and Kristine and Stacey went to shower and change outfits; both embarrassed that they had peed themselves in public. The shy dark haired girl was also seen quickly running to the locker room with her bladder exploding and her blue workout shorts quickly staining as she wet herself too, failing to make it to the bathroom in time.

Kristine struggled in the second set. Her incredible need to relieve her tortured bladder affected her game, and she was down 3-5 in the second set. Somehow she had managed not to pee herself, but she knew she couldn't hold out much longer. Felicia had been killing her with her serve and Kristine hadn't been able to continue moving as quickly, each step torture as her bladder continued desperately screaming for immediate relief. As she stood there catching a ball from the ball girl, she was forced to pause, her bladder throbbing violently, causing Kristine to almost wet her skirt right then and there. Clenching under her skirt, she didn't care if people saw her; she NEEDED to stop herself from peeing, NEEDED to clamp on her pee hole.

The photographers clicked, they knew now she was horribly desperate, her young bladder tortured. She knew she couldn't hold it any longer- she HAD to use the bathroom. Approaching the chair umpire, she was half doubled over with her body sending spasms of pain from her throbbing bladder, to request a bathroom break. The umpire looked down at her. The 28 year old had played in hundreds of matches and never needed TWO bathroom breaks, but the rules gave the players two, so she granted Kristine a break. Kristine dashed off, not running but walking slightly stiff legged. Her bladder was screaming inside of her as she tried to get to the locker room as quickly as possible. Each step was torture- this was beyond anything she had ever had to hold in before. She had to pee SO badly it was even worse than when she had wet herself at the track meet a year and a half ago. Kristine's face was in pain as she rounded the corner.

Approaching the women's locker room, she reached the door and it was locked. "Oh NO. Shit. Oh God. NOO!" she cried. She tried again. Locked. She looked around. The temporary men's locker room door was down the hall. She knew there was no way she could hold it. Why was the locker room door locked? She panicked. She ran down to the men's locker room, knowing she'd just have to run in and pee, she didn't care, she was about to totally burst and couldn't hold her pee any longer.

Somehow her bladder must have known how close she was to a bathroom because it started throbbing even harder, the pressure unbelievably intense. Kristine reached for the men's door and it was locked! She looked around. She HAD TO PEE. "Ooh noo- God, no, she cried out. She ran down to the women's locker room again and pulled. Nothing. She started banging on the door, screaming out. Nothing.

"Ooh God. PLEASE SOMEBODY OPEN IT UP, I NEED TO GOOOO," she was screaming, her voice hoarse. She clutched her legs together, the short skirt pressing tightly against her totally swollen tummy, her bladder violently twitching inside of her with the pee burning inside, her pee hole about to explode as it could barely stay closed with the torrential river of pee ready to burst out.

"Ooh God, Oh God, OH GODDDD PLEASE OPEN UP, OH GODDD!!!" She screamed, holding herself with one hand and banging on the door with the other. Her fingers were jammed into her tennis panties, pressing the thin tight fabric against her pee hole and holding the pee in. Her pulse raced, she was so desperate to pee that she couldn't even breathe properly. Nothing. She reached out to bang on the door again, but gave up in despair, her bladder SCREAMING inside, while her only thoughts were HOW BADLY SHE NEEDED TO GO PEEEEEE!!!

She looked around. There were no options. She'd have to return. She'd ask the umpire if she could use the spectators' bathroom. That was it. She'd have to let her. I mean- it wasn't HER fault the women's locker room was locked by mistake. She struggled out to courtside, looking for Elise the tournament director but not seeing her. Each step was torture with her bladder stretched, every membrane within it tense and stretched to the limit, her body at the very edge.

She sheepishly walked to the umpires' chair and talked to the woman. "Um, Look, I really need to go pee, and the bathroom was locked. Is there any way I can use the spectators' one, I really need to go!" Kristine pleaded her case. "I'm sorry, but for security reasons we can't let you leave the court and protected area. You'll just have to hold it until the match is over." Kristine looked at the woman in shock. "Ooh no, but I really need to pee. Honest, it's an emergency!"

"Miss, you just went about 45 minutes ago. Hold it until the match is over. You know the rules." "Oh God, but I really need to go," Kristine begged. "You know the rules!" The umpire stood firm. Tears welled up in Kristine's eyes and she started to cry. "But PLEASE, I'm serious, I'm about to wet myself! Oh God, PLEASE, Oh God- PLEASE, please, please," she begged. The umpire shook her head. Kristine looked over at Elise, the tournament director, begging for an overruling of the stupid rules. She was about to pee herself, damn it; and she NEEDED to use the bathroom!

Elise stood there motionless and shook her head, and then walked back to where she was standing and watched Kristine. Tears flowed from Kristine's eyes, her bladder pains intense and her body about to uncontrollably release what was inside. The constant pressure was torture; the stinging pain was too much. She started to cry softly as she walked back to the baseline. She stood there and tried to compose herself but began to tremble violently when the next wave of pressure came over her. She tried to serve, but double faulted. She turned to the ball girl for a set of balls and then the largest wave of pressure she had ever felt overtook her young body. Trembling there on the center court, her knees started to uncontrollably twitch, her foot tapping while her body shook.

She struggled to focus, her eyes going hazy for a second as the most singularly incredible pressure overtook her body. Her pee strained inside of her, her forehead broke out into a cold sweat, and her breathing became rapid. She turned to the umpire, all the way from the baseline and held her racket down while looking pleadingly at him, as if to beg for one last chance to go to the bathroom.

"Oh God, oh NOOO," she screamed and dropped her racket.

She clenched herself. Her short white skirt barely covered her ass, and her tennis panties clung to her tortured girlhood, as her bladder throbbed even harder. Her nipples had grown erect from the tension and clearly showed through the thin synthetic fabric of her sports bra. Unable to stand still, she looked around and hoped for an answer to her most immediate problem. She stared at the ball girl in the corner, a cute brunette in a green tennis skirt and green uniform top. Kristine mouthed the words "I have to go!" to her, and the ball girl didn't say anything. Kristine looked into the stands, which were silent.

The entire stadium knew what was happening now, it was obvious that this tennis player, one of the best looking on the circuit, had to REALLY use the bathroom and wasn't likely going to make it. The broadcasters of the match were aghast- they had never seen anything like this before. It was completely obvious that Kristine wasn't going to be able to hold it and they didn't know what to say. They had no script prepared to go to in the case of one of the key players appeared to be having a public pee accident during the match!!

Kristine looked back down on the court, trying hard to hold her pee in, trying hard to forget the agony and humiliation of peeing at the track, her wet accident at the tennis camp, and the time she peed in her bed after curfew. She stared over at the ball girl again, wishing that the girl could be of some help: offer some advice, anything, just anything to stop the pain- when suddenly she noticed that the girl was crying and shaking.

She couldn't figure out why, what was her freaking problem? And then she saw the stream of pee as the ball girl wet herself in the corner of the court!! Pee streamed from between her legs and skirt, splashing onto the court! The ball girl had just peed her pants ON THE COURT!! The poor girl hadn't been able to use the bathroom before the match.

Being very shy, she had tried to hold it in but ended up peeing herself in front of the famous tennis players, her legs getting shiny as she peed, crying, her green skirt damp in the back, a puddle between her legs in the corner where she had stood, tennis balls in hand. The girl dropped the balls and they rolled through the pee puddle as she screamed in embarrassment, pee still streaming from her 18 year old body, right in front of the players and the stadium!

Kristine couldn't believe what she was seeing, watching the other girl pee herself was just too much, it only reminded her of how close she was to urinating herself. The pressure and the pain and her water intake combined were too much! She clenched her body tight, looking away, with her body thrashing now. She turned around, looking again. Felicia stood at the end of the court, waiting, while Kristine tried to walk but found that she couldn't. She clutched her skirt, one hand holding the edge, wanting to press against her pee hole, the other hand between her legs, up against the skirt fabric, her legs bent, when she lost control. She started to shake, her knees trembling, and a small spurt of pee slipped out from her pain racked pee hole.

The warm wetness quickly spread through her tennis panties and she could feel how thin the fabric was as a short, one second burst of pee started to soak the fabric. She tried to hold back, taking half of a tortured shaky step, with the pain increasing. Another burst escaped, lasting two seconds. She gasped and felt the warm pee spread in the tight fabric clinging to her taut girlhood and pressing tightly against her vulva. She clenched her legs tighter. Another burst lasted a few seconds, while Kristine tried again to hold it back, but felt the trickle of pee drops rolling down the inside of her left thigh. The pain magnified in intensity, making her vision grow fuzzy, her breathing rapid, and her bladder throb violently. The next stream started small but quickly grew in strength, starting as a small leak and ending as a strong stream.

Pee flooded out of her pee hole, flowing through the micro fiber of her panties, her legs getting shiny in places as she peed into her tennis skirt. Unable to stem even the moderate flow, Kristine lost control. The pressure exploded within her, she almost passed out from the pain. Screaming, she grabbed her crotch in desperation, feeling how obviously wet her tennis panties were. It was too late. A huge jet of pee burst from her clenched pee hole and quickly soaked the rest of her tennis panties.

She tried to hold it back but could only manage to contain it for a few seconds. Another long burst jetted out right afterwards. She felt her synthetic fabric tennis panties soaking and dripping with the hot pee. She stood with her legs together, trying not to go any further but she couldn't hold it. The next jet exploded, unable to be stopped, so she opened her legs about a foot apart and peed violently into her tennis skirt.

The hot exploding pee thrashed out of her pee hole, streaming down both of her legs and directly down onto the court surface. Kristine yelled. "Oh GOD. NO NOOO NOOOOO. Oh shit NOOO, please not again, NOOOOOO!" She was crying uncontrollably. The peeing lasted for 25 seconds, hissing and sizzling as it burst from her young tortured body before coming to a stop. Then it exploded out of her again. This time her stream didn't stop, and she went ahead peeing right through her tennis panties, socks and shoes, and adding to the huge puddle forming on the court under her. Pee streamed out of her as she emptied her bladder right there on the court. Stream after stream cascaded down her thighs, streams dripping from the edge of her panties and the center of her crotch, everywhere- gushing uncontrollably.

Both legs were shiny from it, her shoes completely saturated with urine, yet pee still flooded out of her, waterfall after waterfall flooding her lower body and streaming everywhere. She just stood there in shock with the whole stadium watching- aware that she was wetting herself in front of fans, tournament staff, and the media!! Wetting herself- PEEING, right there, in public, for the world to see! The TV cameras and the magazine photographers were all recording her massive accident as she continued to wet herself for two minutes before finally finishing. Still crying, she walked over the umpire. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just couldn't hold it anymore!!! Oh my God, I peed my pants," she cried to the umpire.

"I'm sorry that happened. You can either forfeit the game or continue to play. I'm sorry, but those are the rules," he told her. She looked up. She had only one choice. Her family had been hard on her for giving up her track career when she had peed herself at that event; she was had been on the track to go to the Olympics but gave up that dream. She knew this time she'd have to finish the match. Walking back, her tennis shoes making marks in the court and squishing with each step, her socks soaked, her legs still shiny with pee, she had no choice. She had to continue. She walked past the huge puddle; her pee pooled on the hard court surface and shining in the sunlight.

She served out the set. Mortified and totally ashamed, she could not concentrate and she lost the set. Both players had won a set each. It would go to three. Break time. Kristine sat there in her chair during set change and cried, trying to pull herself together and to focus. She knew there was nothing she could do about her accident. She'd needed to continue. The umpire had told her that maintenance was still working on the locker room and that she'd have to continue play as she was- in pee soaked clothes and shoes. Her feet were sore and started to blister from being in the pee soaked shoes. As she sat there, she felt a cramp in her thigh coming on, but forgot about it and concentrated on playing out the rest of her game.

She was so embarrassed, yet knew she'd have to finish the match. As she sat there open legged in her courtside chair, the photographers were clicking away with their big cameras, zooming in between her legs. She was oblivious to the fact that now that her panties were soaked that they were almost totally see-through. The photographers could all see her neatly trimmed pubic mound- the dark pubic hair fairly visible under the pee soaked wet panty fabric, her vulva and private parts very easily seen by anyone looking.

The designers of her tennis panties would have to go to the engineering team and rethink the fabric, as it was almost purely transparent when wet. Of course, they never would have guessed that the new tennis player they were sponsoring would pee herself during a match! Kristine grabbed water and started drinking, thirsty from all of her screaming, her voice hoarse. She quickly downed another quart of water, again starting to fill her bladder.

A replacement ball girl showed up and the third set started. Nobody really saw the ball girl pee herself as the entire stadium was focused on Kristine's huge public accident. Felicia served, thinking she had the match in hand, and after witnessing her opponents huge pee accident, she realized she had to go to the bathroom kind of badly too. She stood tall with her blonde hair reflecting the bright sun, her blue Lycra tights fitting snug against her killer body, and served the fastest serve any woman ever had. It clocked at 134 mph. Across the court, Kristine crouched there, her shoes starting to dry off in the warmer afternoon sun but her panties still damp and clinging to her soaking wet pubic mound. Kristine read the fast serve perfectly and returned the ball directly at Felicia, hitting her in the midsection.

Felicia fell down, got up, swore, and recovered, feeling an amazing amount of pain from where the ball had struck her. She almost started to pee in her tights after being hit just above the bladder, the shock of the ball sending spasms through the tall blonde girl's desperate body. She served another rocketing serve to Kristine's backhand. Once again, Kristine returned it with zeal and sent a down the line winner. Felicia was serving the very best she could and Kristine was destroying her with these returns. Felicia quickly lost the game, never winning a point.

Kristine was focused now. She was angry at having been humiliated by peeing herself in front of the entire stadium, and wanted to win as quickly as she could and then disappear. Even worse, as the first few games went easily Kristine's way, she felt her bladder fill rapidly again. As always, after the first big pee the second pee was harder to hold, and Kristine had continued drinking water the entire match even when her bladder was completely at full capacity. Soon she was up 5-0 in the third set, the last game potentially was next, and she was close to winning her first major tournament.

Winning this would somewhat make up for the horrendous pee accident she had, she thought. She HAD to win it, HAD to. As she sat on her break, she realized suddenly how incredibly badly she needed to go pee again. She couldn't believe THIS! She could barely hold it, it seemed that somehow her weakened and tortured bladder had filled up within the past fifteen minutes and she was having problems holding her pee in. The pressure and the desperation was much more immediate, it came quickly with the second need instead of the slow building desperation, and she started to panic. She knew she'd have to finish the game or likely wet her pants AGAIN!! As she got up and headed to resume play, she suddenly cramped.

Unable to walk, she fell to the court and screamed in pain, a cramp in her thigh totally overtaking her! She almost started urinating right then, the combination of the cramp and her tortured bladder full yet again was too much for the 19 year old. She cried out. She managed to stand up and hobbled to the umpire, who called the women's trainer. Kristine hobbled in pain over to the side, and then sat in her chair, needing to pee so incredibly badly this time and in pain from her cramp too. She held her left thigh, high near her crotch, trying to massage the cramp out. Tears formed in Kristine's eyes, the pain from the cramp was incredible and her bladder, having been so badly tortured, couldn't hold back the impending flood as well this time, the muscles weakened from her prior pee ordeal.

She stood there and tried to massage her legs. The photographers kept clicking, she was exposed, and her damp panties from her pee accident were still transparent. The trainer came out and walked over- a stunningly attractive and very fit blonde in a pair of blue shorts and a uniform shirt. As she got close, Kristine recognized her: it was her ex-roommate from the tennis camp, Stacey! "Oh my GOD, what are you doing here?" she exclaimed. "HEY, wow, I heard you were playing. What's up?"

"Oh WOW, oh my God, today has NOT been my day," Kristine went on. "I strained my leg somehow, it hurts like crazy. Like a cramp- I don't know why." She spread her legs apart so Stacey could examine it. She had heard that after Stacey finished the tennis camp that she played in a tournament and re-injured her knee and had to give up tennis, instead returning to school and getting the physical therapist degree she had been studying for when she entered the camp. Stacey looked up Kristine's short skirt, the edge of the skirt barely covering her crotch and giggled.

"Uh, did you have a pee accident or something?" she asked. "Oh GOD, yes, didn't you hear?" Kristine replied, turning red. "No, I was paged. The other trainer had to leave for an emergency and I took her place. What happened?" "I had to go pee SOOOO badly, like worse than when I peed myself in front of coach last summer, and the stupid bathroom was locked and I couldn't hold it and the umpire wouldn't let me use the spectator one and I ended up peeing in my skirt. I mean, I couldn't hold it, it wasn't my fault!!"

"Wow, that's pretty amazing," Stacey replied, giggling. "But let's look at your leg." Moving her hands up Kristine's thigh she opened up Kristine's legs even wider. A few photographers got out their biggest lenses and zoomed in. They could clearly see the pee soaked panties and how incredibly see through they were. Kristine's dark pubic hair was obvious. She had a strip of neatly trimmed pubic hair up and the rest was shaved neatly, exposing her engorged and reddened lips. The tennis panties clung tightly and transparently to her girlhood and Stacey looked in shock. She didn't know how to tell the player that her panties were soaking wet and totally see through, so she didn't.

"Um, I've got another problem too" Kristine said, starting to squirm in the seat. "What?" Stacey asked as she massaged Kristine's thigh, relaxing the cramp. "I really need to pee again, like I can't hold it any longer, what can I do?" Kristine asked in a panic, looking into Stacey's eyes. "Wow, you already used your breaks up?" "Yea, I can't get another one. Plus she's not going to give me a break with only a few games to go." Stacey looked and moved her hands up Kristine's thigh, the pinky finger of her left hand rubbing against Kristine's mound where it connected to her leg, and Stacey felt the dampness of Kristine's tennis panties.

"Oh God, I really need to pee," Kristine begged, looking at Stacey for a solution. "God," she exclaimed again, squirming badly in the seat. Kristine's short white tennis skirt had already moved higher on her thigh, totally exposing her crotch now, only the bottom of the skirt stayed in place under Kristine's legs. Everybody could see her tennis panties, soaked and transparent for the world to view. Stacey giggled. "Just do it in your skirt right here, I won't say anything!" "WHAT?" Kristine asked in a panic. She felt her bladder throb violently again. She was on the verge of peeing again, and the pressure kept coming, building, increasing, the stinging pain gaining with each passing breath. Kristine was in panic. She placed her hand over her pee hole and pressed.

Stacey giggled. "Here, let me help." Stacey moved Kristine's hand away and using her body to block the view of Kristine's crotch from most of the stadium, she took her left hand off of Kristine's cramping thigh and massaged Kristine's mound, touching her privates, feeling the dampness of her soaked tennis panties! Kristine looked into Stacey's eyes in shock, not knowing what to do, and Stacey smiled. "Just go pee, nobody will ever know, I promise!" she said softly so nobody else could hear. The two girls felt like they were in their own world.

"I have to go pee so badly." Kristine wailed, and Stacey placed her two fingers against Kristine's pee hole and pressed, and then massaged her mound again. Kristine's nipples grew immediately erect, as much as she didn't know it, her body was responding to the touch of the trainer on her most private area. Stacey massaged her mound, stroking her fingers across the slick wet fabric of her tennis panties, and Kristine suddenly gasped, her weakened bladder spasmed, and for the second time in the match, the 19 year old involuntarily started peeing.

Stacey felt the pee jet out of Kristine's tortured bladder and moved her fingers to where the pee was flooding out from the already soaked fabric. Then she moved her hand and covered Kristine's entire mound and felt Kristine totally let go and pee uncontrollably into her pants, Kristine's hot pee sizzling and flooding out of her, running onto Stacey's hands. Stacey felt Kristine's hot pee escape as the player struggled and continued to wet herself in her chair. Kristine moaned, embarrassed but unable to know what to do.

Pee flooded her skirt, and Stacey moved her hand away with a smile. Kristine's cramp was better and she sat there ashamed, her legs apart, and pee gushed out of her crotch and her short tennis skirt was quickly soaked, pee dripping from the edges of the skirt, running off onto the chair and streaming down off the edge of the chair onto the court surface. While most of the stadium did not know what was happening, Felicia turned and looked and saw her opponent peeing herself for the second time in the match. She giggled, but she was still mad at losing so badly to this point. What Kristine didn't know was that when Stacey moved herself out of the way that her open legs were totally visible to the TV camera and photographers.

One of the networks would receive a fine as they accidentally showed, on live network TV, a four second clip of Kristine peeing into her skirt. Everybody watching it on TV could see her urine-soaked see-through tennis panties with her obvious mound showing and a stream of pee exploding out of it, flooding her little tennis skirt and making a puddle on the ground. The photographers took hundreds of pictures, a lot of them very close, the shiny reflections of Kristine's pee stream crystal clear in their big cameras as they watched this incredible looking dark haired unknown tennis star peeing in her chair. 

The stream of pee escaping from her clenched girlhood was totally obvious to anyone who looked, and Kristine sat there in shock, peeing uncontrollably into her skirt on the chair, unable to move! Stacey stood there and smiled, her own nipples erect, a flash of heat in her brow. She looked at the struggling, shamed, peeing teenager and then walked away back to the tunnel leading to the still-locked locker rooms. Kristine wet herself for another minute and then stopped. She thought maybe nobody would have noticed, and she got up. Pee dripped off the back of her wet skirt when she stood, and she gasped in embarrassment. The back of her skirt was totally soaked, and of course this time the entire stadium again realized the poor girl had wet on herself for a second time!!

Kristine stood there, humiliated, embarrassed, but wanting to finish out the set. Waiting for the TV time out to finish as she stood there at the baseline, she wondered about Stacey. Stacey had touched her in her most private of places. 

A virgin who had never had a boyfriend, Kristine had never been touched like that. Embarrassed about having not one but TWO accidents during the match, she started to cry again for a moment, the rush of feelings hard for her to interpret. But her body felt different. Something excited her. In the middle of all the shame, she felt light, something she hadn't experienced before. She wondered about Stacey. Was she a lesbian? She reminisced back to a brief moment last summer:

The two girls were eating lunch a few days after Kristine's big pee accident at camp. Stacey was silent that day but then asked, "so, are you going to pee your shorts again this afternoon?" Kristine giggled and then replied. "Uh, NOO, I don't THINK so." "OK." "Have you ever peed your pants before like that?" Stacey asked her, laughing as she asked the embarrassing question. "Yea, I wet myself at high school, at a track meet. I couldn't hold it in and I peed like forever into my shorts, it was really bad!" Kristine replied. "Oh my God, that must have been embarrassing!" 

"Yea, it was the worst day of my entire life!" Kristine answered. "How about YOU, did you ever pee your pants?" Kristine asked, giggling, wondering if it had ever happened to Stacey before. "I peed myself once at work, at this Target store when I was in high school." "Are you serious?" Kristine asked, amazed that Stacey would admit to wetting herself like that. "Yea, I had just like started and I hadn't gone to the bathroom all afternoon. I didn't know when I'd get a break so I kept on holding it, and then it got really busy and they weren't giving out breaks and I had to pee SO bad it hurt like crazy.

I was taking this customer's money and suddenly I couldn't hold my pee and I TOTALLY peed into my pants, like peed right in front of this mom and her daughter, and like my slacks were soaking wet in like seconds, pee running down my legs and everything, big stains and all. So they had to send me home and my mom had to come pick me up and saw me totally soaked, I had to like stand out front waiting for her and people walked by looking at my wet pants, laughing at me!" Kristine couldn't believe it; she thought she was the only one with a bad pee accident story. "Wow, that must have been embarrassing!!" "Yea, but I had to pee so bad I didn't even care you know? I mean, I just couldn't hold it and had to go, and it felt so good just to let go."

What had seemed strange, now that Kristine replayed that lunch scene in her head, was that Stacey had seemed excited about talking about pee. That seemed unusual. Kristine secretly felt very excited when Stacey had touched her while she was peeing, but wasn't sure it was normal. She would think about it later, right now she had to finish the match. She'd go research sexual behavior on the Internet later.

Kristine jumped up and down lightly to loosen her muscles up after the break. A few drops of pee flew off her soaked tennis skirt as she did so, splattering on the court surface below. She was humiliated, confused, but also angry, and she used those emotions to play the best tennis she could. Remembering everything she had learned at the tennis camp, putting into place all of the mental techniques she had rehearsed, Kristine attacked Felicia, going for her shots. Up quickly 3-1, Kristine was demolishing Felicia easily. She was trying to concentrate on her game, trying her best to avoid thinking about the horrible humiliation of wetting her self on court and then on the chair. Her damp panties and skirt constantly reminded of her traumatizing public wetting accident. Kristine would serve and then every once in a while start to cry when she thought about the humiliation of peeing herself in front of a stadium of people.

But then she'd get her resolve back. Even as she played, she would continue to get flashbacks, the horrible feeling of pee running down her legs as she stood there on the court, tens of thousands watching her wet herself, pee thrashing out of her. She HAD to win- she HAD to redeem herself. Kristine played harder, with a ferocity and anger, anything to overcome her embarrassment. As she sat in the chair, still wet from when she peed in it, she focused her anger on her bad luck, avoiding the glances of the stadium or her opponent.

Drinking her water, she stood up and played even stronger, forcing points and shots right as Felicia started to weaken.
