My friend, Jade and I were off headed to an overnight party with some other friends but first, we went to a pub to drink since it was a hot day. We each had a full pitcher of beer and drank all of it. We ate a little and then we headed towards the bathroom because of recent problem that I had experienced. Jade said she did not need to go so I went by myself, peed quickly into the toilet and then left before even letting all of it out because we were in a hurry to get to the party, which was about an hour away There were BOYZ at the party. I got thirsty again and drank 4 more bottles of beer getting drunk. I knew that I was out of control but I finally sat down with a little help from Jade. She had also gotten thirsty so she drank a can of soda. Then we played spin the bottle for one and a half hours. Now, it was about 4 hours since both Jade and I had gone to the bathroom and I felt a little desperate. I asked my friends if I could go use the restroom but they didn't want me to leave yet because they were having such a wonderful time. I kind of forgot about it and then, it was my turn. I spun the bottle and luckily, it faced a cute guy I had a crush on. We went into the closet and started kissing and making out. We had so much fun that we stayed in for 10 minutes just kissing and then I became more desperate. We finally got out and it was another 20 minutes before we stopped playing spin the bottle. Now, I needed to go so bad that I just left to go to the restroom but Jade was even worse off. I met her coming out of the bathroom. She was probably desperate because she hadn't peed for 6 hours and had a lot of drinks in her bladder. I noticed a little wet spot on her skirt– she had needed to go so bad. She told me that she was trying to take it off quickly but it started pouring out just before she took it off. Now, my other friends started calling for me to come back, but I had to go so badly now that I just went in. Unfortunately, Jade suddenly grabbed me and said that I would be able to hold it. So I went back away from the bathroom since the line was very long. Eventually, I let a few drops go through my panties and down under my dress. I quickly knelt down so the dress would block the view from my friends. After 8 hours of no bathroom, I was still able to hold it when the guy I kissed in the closet came up to me and started kissing me. He was also tickling me too, so I let a few more drops go. He noticed that I had done that! He said, "Why didn't you tell me before?" I said that I was too embarrassed to tell him that. He told me I could go now, but I lost it all. I peed down under my dress but some was dripping from the bottom of it. It was only visible in the bottom so only he and I would know about it. I continually peed for 2 minutes and 12 seconds. He took pics of me peeing. (It is developing so when it finishes, I will send the picture over to go with the story) I was so embarrassed then. He gave me a kiss and we went downstairs like nothing had happened. I had no longer needed to go. We went to sleep for a while at the party. I woke up desperate to pee again so I quickly rushed towards the bathroom and peed very hard.
Jade woke up too, around 10 am and said that she didn't need to use the bathroom. We left the house and started towards home. After one half hour, she got desperate. We were almost to my house when she became too desperate to walk any longer. I half carried her on my back (she only weighed 106 pounds) and got her to a place where she could pee behind some bushes. I too had to go badly too, probably still drunk from the day before so I peed there too but I peed in my panties again. I wore my sweater to cover the spot, and then we headed on towards home. After a long 2 days, we finally arrived at my house and we laughed at all the peeing we did.
Danielle