The Playground Revisited
As you may remember, Ian is telling how I wet myself in the park toilets. When I was young, I for one am hardly likely to forget as when my mum found my wet panties in the linen basket it was very embarrassing for me and I just escaped having my backside smacked. Some years later, having left the high school and waiting to go to college I was on holiday during the summer. I knew Ian (who lived nearby, (and who had been a participant in my first knicker wetting adventure) was in a similar situation but I was unaware that he had returned home. We had not seen a great deal of one another as our lives had been going in different directions. I was pleasantly surprised therefore, when as I was setting out to go out for a walk, to see him coming out of his garden. We greeted one another effusively. I said as it was so quiet in the park, I was just going for a walk there, and invited him to accompany me. He accepted with enthusiasm, but first invited me to accompany him to go for a drink (we were by then more than eighteen). I jumped at the chance. Ian was by now a good–looking lad and I fancied him, we walked to the local pub and sat in the garden drinking lager and reminiscing. Of course the day I wet myself came up and we both had a laugh, it was then I had an idea. I was feeling really randy and I sensed that my attractive figure and (so I am told) good looks didn't seem to be having the effect that I wanted to have upon him. I was even dressed in very short mini blue skirt and blouse without stockings or tights. I knew that he must have had more than a good look at my blue nylon panties; I had given plenty of opportunity, continually crossing and uncrossing my legs. So when the subject of my panty wetting experience came up. I saw my opportunity. I remembered how afterwards he could not pee because he had a hard on. I kept on talking about the incident, it made me aware of my present need to pee, but I put off going to the loo. The more I thought about my idea the wetter I began to feel between my legs, I was sure he must have seen the little damp patch that I felt had leaked over my vagina. Surely enough he was now more interested and when I said that I nearly had my bottom smacked. I was sure I saw a hard bulge though his trousers. I suggested he accompany me on my walk and he accepted enthusiastically. Getting up he excused himself and went to the gents and gave me a funny look when I did not go to the ladies. As we walked through the park, I had to stop now and then to prevent peeing myself. By this time he was teasing me about my state and about how I would feel about getting my bum smacked now I was grown up, and when I hinted that he might like to do that he was hooked. I never planned to wet myself; I was contemplating getting him worked up, so that he would follow me into the park toilets. We sat on a bench behind some trees within site of the ladies toilets, where I had peed myself all those years ago. The memory affected us both and soon we were petting, his hand had encountered my damp panties, pressing onwards up the side of my panties to caress my cunt, where his fingers commenced doing wonderful things to my vagina. While this was going on I had extracted his prick, which was now rock hard. I could not wait much longer and I urged him to make me come so I could go and pee, but he wouldn't – instead he kept toying with me, tickling over my clit and the swollen walls of my labia, tickling my thighs and tummy. I was already leaking and pee was beginning to run down my leg. Suddenly he said "Ok I can see you really need to go" letting my panties snap back into position and helping me up because I could barely stand without holding myself between the legs, let alone walk unaided. Then with me taking tiny steps he led me to the old park toilet. Once there I attempted to go in, but whispered to him to accompany me inside as he had all those years ago. Inside the cubical, I pulled up my skirt showing my sopping panties to him, he cuddled me to him. Then completely freeing his prick, he began to slide it to and fro between my legs as I stood with my back against the partition. Oh! It felt bloody wonderful, but I wanted it inside me. "If you wet yourself I will have to smack your bottom" he murmured. "Oh come on, don't stop you can smack all you want after you have fucked me" I urged. No more encouragement was needed. I guided his cock into my distended vagina; it filled me, I was on my tiptoes working with him to get it all in, then he fucked me, till my vagina felt as though it was full of G spots. I was dizzy with euphoria and I strained against him as I started to come, as one wave gave way to another I felt him starting to fountain up me, and then at the peak of my orgasm – I pissed! Boy, did I piss, I was like a bloody hosepipe, not that at that moment I was much aware of it but he told afterwards as I was stretched out over his knee being spanked. Which was a bit of a mistake as far as he was concerned as I am sure he thought I had emptied my bladder! But you can guess what happened and what it led to, but that again is another story.
Undine