I stumbled across your site about 2 weeks ago, and at first thought it was weird! But in a few days, I was so curious I came back for another look, and now think that peeing is sexy! I saw all your stories, and thought I would tell you about my first outdoor peeing experience, which took place today! Me? I'm 25, about 5"6 tall, and though not a supermodel, I am often called "cute." I like myself, anyway. I am a bisexual – I like girls more, because they know how to please another girl – and I had some bad guy experiences as a younger teen. But anyway... I was in the mall today, and was kind of horny since I had been looking at your site before I went out. I kind of planned to see how far I would go in public – I have peed myself at home 3 times now, and it made my orgasm wonderful! I was already busting when I got to the mall (almost in pain, really), so I just walked around for a while. I had been there about half hour when I was in a lower part of the mall, walking past an escalator, when this sexy girl was coming down – and I could see right up her panties! I think that started it – I thought about taking her into a room and making love to her – and let go a little squirt of pee. Thinking this was great, I tried to find all the places I could look up other girls skirts, and maybe show mine off (it is rather short). I lasted about half hour of this, and my panties were soaked, and my shoes were making squelching noises because of the pee in them, and I decided It was time to let go. I went to a nice slow escalator in Myer, and just stood there and peed – it was so wonderful! I only let out about 10 seconds worth, but that was enought to leave a puddle on the three steps below me (there was only one other person on the escalator and he was in front of me). I then went out and to the park abou ta block away, letting out more and more as I went (I kind of had no choice now) – until I got to the park, sat down, and let it all go. Oh! That was so good. I suppose I don't need to elaborate on the fact I put my hand down my panties then and there and rubbed myself to an orgasm – I didn't care who saw me (there wasn't too many people around, but I am sure this guy went past about ten times), I just needed to orgasm! Anyway, that was my first time, and it wont be my last! God that was good – I never thought peeing could be so much fun! Now I only have to make sure my next girlfriend likes it too (I have been single for a while – hence the browsing interesting sites on the web). It doesn't matter for a while though – I think I will be happy by myself for a little longer... Jenny