Daniela was a model for a car club in her state. Today she was leaving a photo shoot dressed in tight black short shorts, pink pantyhose, a pink tube top, and pink heels. During the shoot she had drank plenty of water due to how hot it was out, and by the time they were wrapping she felt the first few twinges telling her she needed to find a bathroom. 
Driving towards home she remembers that she needs to stop by Walmart to pick up a few things, all the while sipping on a large 2–liter bottle of water. By the time she pulls into the parking lot her bladder is under siege by all the water she drank, and she knows she needs to find a bathroom, but she thinks she can hold it until she gets home, so she grabs a basket and starts off for the bread aisle.
Thumbing through her list she is hit by a mild urge, yet she still was in no danger of losing it– instead she thought it felt pretty good, so she kept walking around the store, slowly, savoring the feeling. She headed towards the registers and saw the shortest line had about 6 people, so she got in line, still sipping the last of her water. She crossed her legs to ease the pressure, which was now building past the enjoyable level. 
She still wanted to make it home, but now she knew holding would be harder by the time she got home. She remembered all too well the last time she tried to make it home to use the bathroom, she just pulled into her driveway, and as she was putting the car in park, her bladder released itself into her extra tight white jeans and red panties, and even worse, her car seat and floor. She really didn't want a repeat of that, though she got really horny after that and she was in the shower, she couldn't help but give herself a good rubbing. She packed her shopping back into her basket and headed for her car. As she walked the feeling between her legs was getting desperate by the second, and she was starting to question whether this was such a smart idea after all. 
Once she got into the car there was no turning back for another 20 minutes until she got halfway home. While in the car she tried holding herself, but needed both hands to shift, she cursed her ex–husband for buying her a stick, but she loved the car anyways. Once she was at speed she was able to put her right hand back in her crotch and squeeze. She knew now she might repeat her driveway performance again, and decided she would try to make it to the Pilot around the corner from where she lived. She was still 10 minutes away when she had to slow down for a traffic jam, just then her bladder got slammed by a massive spasm that made her grab with both hands and hold her breath as she was now on the verge of letting go. She was just getting over it when her body was slammed with another spasm she wasn't ready for, and try as she did to hold on, she released a quick spurt into her pink panties, but that was soaked up by her panty liner.
She was still holding onto her crotch for dear life, fearing wetting her car seat again. Daniela was now in serious danger of completely losing it in the traffic, in her clothes. Her tinted windows meant nobody could see in, so she grinded her crotch into the seat, desperate as all hell, now being stimulated by the grinding, but she had another problem on her hands. The grinding was helping her hold on, but if she kept going she would cum, which might bring on a flood into her shorts, which she didn't want. 
Just then her body was slammed with an even worse spasm, she tried to cross her legs hard, but couldn't stop a three second gush from escaping, her panties now thoroughly soaked, with a damp patch in her shorts, and her confidence shattered. Poor Daniela grinded even harder into her seat, knowing now it would be a miracle to even make it to Pilot before she flooded herself, she had to at least make it out of the car this time. She gripped the steering wheel hard as she felt an impending orgasm coming on. She felt now that she was going to lose control and tried her hardest to stop, still another gush came out and started soaking the crotch and ass of her shorts. Traffic at this point started to flow again, and as Daniela found, she needed at least one hand in her crotch, or her car seat was toast. 
She could now see the yellow and red Pilot sign from a mile away. All she could think about was ripping off her shorts and sitting and peeing. She tried to find a close parking spot to the entrance, the closest she found was at the end, so she parked the car, and once again had to hold herself hard as she checked surveyed her pants and all before going in. Her legs were okay; the black wasn't showing too much and neither were the pink pantyhose. She collected herself and got out of the car, immediately bending forward to cope with the added pressure. 
She hurried towards the doors and once inside, to her horror, there was a line of 18 women for 1 stall. She knew she wouldn't make it at all– so she ran out of the store with pee starting to leak down her legs, every other step. Daniela didn't know what to do anymore, she tried to get back into her car, but a longer spurt told her otherwise, and grabbing at herself in this public area was drawing too much attention. She knew now she was at the end of her rope, and at once she walked over to the truck parking area and got behind a truck so nobody could see her, but as she tried to get her belt off her hands kept slipping and a slow trickle started to flow into her shorts and down her legs. She tried and tried to get the belt off, but it wasn't budging. In a last, valiant effort, she put both hands in her crotch and tried to get back a little control. 
Finally the pressure was too much, and her dam burst, sending gush after warm gush down her legs and into her shoes. She stood there, half shocked, tears in her eyes, ashamed that at 19 here she was, peeing herself, but she thought in her head "at least nobody can see me!" 
What Daniela didn't know was that the owner of the truck was right behind her, standing quietly with his camera phone in hand recording every second. She turned around to go back to her car, and she came face to face with him....
By: Salsa Verde