Title: Jilly's Revenge Adventure
	Entry to: Month 31
By: Crazy

After waiting impatiently for her modem to connect, Jilly quickly logged onto her favourite watersports site she saw a new post on the messageboard about superhuman powers presenting sightings whenever desired. Thinking to herself she recalled an incident where she an ex boyfriend had been driving long distance, and the boyfriend woulnd't stop for a bathroom break, and Jilly had ended up wetting all over the car seat. I'd damn well like that power to make HIM uncomfortable, desperate and then wet everywhere then have to go to a meeting wiht wet pants.

After reading the new messages Jilly found herself starting to yawn and rub her eyes. Time for bed she thought, closing down her computer, and heading to the bathroom. She brushed her teeth, and contemplated a pee. Naw, I can wait till morning she thought. She went to bed, cuddled under the doona and drifted off to sleep.

Realising her bladder was sending urgent signals to her to go pee, Jilly woke up close to 7am and jumped out of bed to go pee before it got too much worse. When she was halfway to the bathroom the phone rang. Shit! She grabbed the phone wishing she had a cordless, but then realised it could do no good since this was bound to be a gusher anyways, and the person on the phone would hear. It was her boss Tracey, a mean bitch of a woman with no sympathy for days off, calling Jilly in to work because someone was sick.

Tracey was intent on trying to explain something to Jilly when Jilly interrupted saying she just woke up and needed to do some things urgently. Tracey finally go the hint and hung up. By that stage Jilly was almost wetting herself, and dashed to the bathroom leaking all the way. She contemplated the toilet then figured she'd get pee everywhere since she was on the verge of loosing complete control, so she stepped into the bath and let go. Piss flooded into her pjama pants and down her legs running down the drain.

After wetting her pjamas in the bath she quickly showered and got ready for work. She jumped in her car and started off for the 25 minute drive. In the middle of the highway about 10 minutes from her flat, Jilly encountered a huge accident. A car had been trying to turn and had been flattened by a truck, and 3 other cars had got caught in the crash causing the entire hihgway to be shut for the time being. Everyone needing to get through was irritable and tired of waiting already. turning off the engine, Jilly searched through her bag for her mobile phone to call Tracey and say she'd be late. She let her know, and then called her friend Melissa to talk for a while.

After the normal pleasentries of conversation, she heard a knock on her window. She hastily said goodbye to Melissa and undid her window. It was a middle aged man staring at her tits asking to borrow her phone. She gave it to him and he started his call. He took forever. Jilly's asking for her phone back did nothing. The guy just kept talking, annoying Jilly imensely. She wished she could make him absolutely desperate to pee, so he'd hurry up. He soon finished his phone call and made conversation wiht her. he confessed he was bursting to pee, and it had just come on really suddenly when he was on the phone. She was jiggling around, obviously desperate. She daydreamed she caused it with a superhuman pee power, and wihsed he's pee his pants, and make a huge puddle on the side of the road. The guy clutched his cock through his trousers and gasped as piss ran down his legs puddling on the road.

"Oh my GOD I can't beleive this" he exclaimed and scuttled back to his car. Jilly sat there in disblief. I gotta try this again to make sure it wasn't just luck. She thought about the woman in the car beside her being bursting and watched. She thought about the woman being right on the verge of wetting herself, and she got her reaction. The womans face became very pained, she wished she was wetting herself, and the womans face contorted in shock as she looked down at the puddle soaking into her carseat and her now obviously soaked pants.

Finally the tow trucks cleared up the carnage and trafic started to move. Jilly re started her car and drove the rest of the way to work in amazement, thinking about the endless possibilities of this newfound power. Arriving finally at work, after getting a lecture from Tracey about making sure she was on time, she started her shift at the cash register wiht the other couple of girls. Her customers were the average housewives doing the weekly food shopping for the family, she had one particularly rude bitchy woman come through with loads of stuff and things that had no barcodes, and needed pricechecks and for Jilly to call over the manager for the rude woman to debate prices with while the lines backed up way into the shop, getting the other customers more and more irate and harder to deal wiht for the other girls.

Finally Jilly was understandably mad and very irritated at the woman and decided to play wiht her newfound power to see what she could do. Wishing the woman very uncomfortable, Jilly watched as the woman doubled over gently with a soft moan clutching at her stomach. She wished the woman would lose control for a moment and watched while the woman gasped. She finished the shopping and the woman payed quickly and left. Jilly glanced at the womans legs as she left and noticed a small trickle of piss running down her leg.

Nearing the end of her shift, Jilly decided she'd love to see Veronica, her friend working on the register next to her, get desperate. She wished Veronica's bladder very overfull at about 30 minutes to their off time since they were working the same shift. It got really quiet and the other girls clocked off and went home leaving only Jilly and Veronica to handle the few customers coming throuhg every now and then. As they were cleaning the registers Veronica commented that she was bursting for a pee. Jilly gently increased the pressure wiht her mind and Veronica gasped. The girls were not allowed to nip off for loo breaks without manager permission, and their department manager was stocking some fridges in the back of the shop and was basically unreachable.

"God I need a pee soo bad!" Veronica commented crossing her legs. It was about 10 minutes left in their shift and seemed pointless to call Tracey down for a break wiht so littl time to go, so Jilly advised her to hold it until the end then dash for the loo. Veronica, legs still crossed tight agreed and wished the minutes past, but as we all know, the more you wish time by the slower it goes. Finally after what seemed more like 40 minutes than a little under 10, their shift ended and Tracey came and totalled their registers and let them head off to the staffroom to grab their bags and stuff before they went home. Veronica naturally made a dash for the loo but the cleaner had already cleaned it and locked it for the ngiht.

Nearly in tears wiht holding on so long, Veronica grabbed her bag and ran through the after hours doors for the carpark. Jilly followed Veronica and grabbed her hand, offering to help her find a place to pee. Seeing her about to protest Jilly wished it harder for Veronica to hold on, and she hastily agreed. Leading her to a place with a bit of cover from the main road she told her to take off her panties and squat there, all the time making it harder and harder for Veronica to hold on. Just as she started to hike up her skirt Jilly made her loose all control and hot piss gushed into her tiny pink g string as she pissed uncontrolably, startled at the sheer lack of control at whihc this piss gushed out of her, Veronica stumbled a little and fell onto her ass still pissing full force, soaking her skirt and panties making a HUGE puddle of piss on the concrete around her.

Jilly had enjoyed the accident, but feeling sympathetic for the embarrasment of Veronica, she helped her up and took her to her car and cleaned her up and offered to take her back to her house to clean up better and have a drink. After she accepted, they drove to Jilly's place and found Jilly's ex boyfriend waiting there to get some of his CD's. She let him in to get them and got herself and Veronica drinks. After collecting his CD's Brad started to brag about the biggest case going around for a long time that his law firm had landed and all that he was first chairing it tomorrow morning at the town courthouse, giving Jilly an idea.

The next morning Jilly got up, and got dressed and headed straight for where he's said he was procecuting for the case, with evil thoughts on her mind. Waiting for the court to get into motion, she started to fill his bladder rather fast, and made him most uncomfortable. He began to botch up his case a little as his concentration wavered. She made him desperate as he was questioning a key wittness in the case and made him almost lose control. She made him leak a little into his suit pants, and then a little more, just enough to stain his expensive tan pants a noticeably darker colour. Finally for the final humilation, so made him so right on the brink of wetting it wasn't funny he was holding himself like a 6 year old boy who'd left it too long to go to the bathroom dry, and had him almost in tears wiht the humilation and desperating and anticipation of the worst yet to come and finally made him piss his pants with completely and utterly no control.

After she'd watched him humiliated in front of everyone, she left, satisfied that he's been repayed for smacking her and countless other girls around, and generally being a pig to women. 

