This story is partially based on a true event.
Karen is a commercial real estate broker. She is about 28 years old, has long brown hair, green eyes, a very sexy smile and a great body. She is thin, though she has very nice boobs for her size. But what I really love about Karen is her slender waist, long legs and firm little round ass. This day Karen was wearing tight jeans and a light grey, fairly tight sweater. She had on a pair of black platform shoes. She looked very hot, as she always does. 
One this particular day, I was to meet Karen at the coffee shop near her house. I got there and Karen was already there drinking a grande latte (not sure of the proper spelling). Anyway, she had been there for a while and was almost done with her coffee. I ordered a grande latte myself as I am addicted to them. Karen said, "I guess I'll have another one for the road. Normally I have a second cup at the office, but I won't be there until after lunch. I might as well get another one here because I love these." I said, "Yeah, I love them too. I have one every day on my way to work." We took Karen's car as we agreed that she would drop me off at my office after our appointment was over. We were going to look at an old theater building that my company was thinking of buying. 
We started driving to the theater, which was downtown and about a 20 minute drive normally. She was giving me various information about the theater as we were driving downtown. Our appointment with the custodian, who was to let us in, was at 9 AM. It was now 8:45 and we hit some major traffic. Karen was concerned that if we didn't get there in time, the custodian would leave and we wouldn't be able to get in. Her boss was going to be talking to my boss that afternoon and if we didn't get in, her boss would know about it. She would be in trouble then as this deal was very important to her company. It meant a huge commission to her boss. Karen said, "Geez, this traffic is unreal. We have to get there by 9 or that guy is going to leave. Come on traffic, lets move!" Karen was almost finished with her second grande latte by now and I was noticing that she was occasionally squeezing her thighs together and bouncing her legs up and down. I was thinking that all of that coffee was starting to make Karen have to pee. She's a pretty thin girl and she had a lot of coffee. There is only so much room in that little bladder. 
It was now almost 9 and Karen was really getting nervous. She said, "God I hope that guy waits for us a few minutes. We have to get you in there this morning. Come on traffic, we have to get to that theater. Move." Then she said, " I don't even care about how bad I have to pee! I just want to get to that theater!" Now the cat was out of the bag. She was constantly moving her legs up and down or bouncing one off the other or squeezing her thighs together. She was in constant movement. After a few minutes she said, " God, I really have to pee. It's all of that coffee." She looked at me with kind of an embarrassed look on her face and she blushed a little. I said kiddingly, " Well, your a big girl. You can hold it." Karen looked at me with that embarrassed look again and said, "I think you're more sure of that than I am." 
Finally we arrived at the theater and the guy wasn't there. Karen said, "Oh shit! He's gone. Shit!" She grabbed her cell phone and called her office. The entire time she was squeezing her legs together and at one point she bounced them up and down alternatively real fast and said, "OOOOHHHH, I have to peeeeeeeeee!!!!" Finally her office located the custodian and he told her secretary that he would go back to the theater and would be there in five minutes. But if we weren't there this time he was leaving and he wasn't coming back again. This hotel was in an area where there were only office buildings and not really any place that looked like it had an easily accessible bathroom. Karen said, "Oh God I have to pee soooo bad, this isn't funny!" She was squeezing her legs together and sucking in air like crazy. She kept saying, " Oh hurry up and get here. I have to get in there and pee!" She looked at me and said, "This is so embarrassing. I can't believe I have to pee this bad in front of you." I was dying to tell her that it was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen, but I didn't know how she would react to that. I said," Oh don't worry about it. It happens to everyone once in a while." 
Finally the guy showed up. Karen seemed embarrassed by having to pee so bad and as we were standing in front of the door I knew she wanted to really let fly with the pee pee dance, but she tried as hard as she could to conceal her predicament from the custodian for some reason. She was standing with her legs tightly crossed and she was squeezing them together even tighter every few seconds. Once we were inside, she asked the guy where the ladies room was and he said, "Sorry, the bathrooms are in the basement and the pump went out. It's totally under water." Karen said, "You've got to be kidding." The guy said, " I'm afraid not Miss." Karen looked really worried at this point. As we toured the theater Karen couldn't stand still for a second. She was now doing a major pee pee dance every time we stopped moving. She would hop from foot to foot while bending her knee over her crotch with each repetition. She looked really embarrassed and said to me, "Oh my God I'm dying! I have to pee soooo bad. I can't remember having to pee this bad!" I said, "I'll try to hurry and finish seeing everything I need to see so we can find you a bathroom." She said, " Oh thanks. If I don't get to a bathroom soon, I think I'm going to wet my pants!" I thought I was going to die when she said that. The caretaker said, "Look, I have another appointment. I'm going to leave. When you're done, just close the door. It will automatically lock." I said, "No problem. Thanks for coming back." Karen didn't say anything to the guy as she had to pee so bad, her mind was only on that. Finally, Karen said, "I don't want to rush you, but if I don't get to a bathroom in about two seconds, I'm going to have an accident!" I said, "O.K., I've seen everything. Let's go." Karen said, "OOOOHHHHH, I have to peeeeee! Where can I find a bathroom fast around here? I don't have much time! I can barely hold it!" I said, "I think there's a gas station about two blocks from here. Let's get you there." Karen was running in place at this point and then had to bend her right leg at the knee, cross it hard over her left leg while bending all the way to the ground. I said, "Karen, Let's go." She said, " I can't move! If I try to stand up, I'm going to pee in my pants!" She had a very desperate tone to her voice. It was obvious that she was just about out of time. Finally she tried to stand and hobble toward the door, but only made it about five feet before she stopped, crossed her legs hard, bent to the ground again and said, "Oh No!!! I can't hold it anymore. I'm peeing in my pants!!! Oh my God, I can't stop!!!" I could see the pee pouring through her tight jeans with unbelievable force. She tried to stand after few minutes and twisted her legs together to try and stop the flow, but it was no use. She just stood there and totally peed in her tight jeans. Her jeans were wet in the front about half way up the her waist and all the way down her legs. At one point she turned around and I could see that her tight ass was totally soaked all the way to her waist. This happened because she was squatting down for a good amount of the time as she wet her pants. Finally she finished peeing her pants and stood there looking at her self and half sobbing. She said, "I can't believe I pee in my pants! I had to go sooo bad. I just couldn't stop it." I said, " Don't worry. I won't tell anyone." She thanked me and said I was sweet to be so cool about it. 
We went back to her car and she pulled a blanket out of her trunk and sat on it. She said, "I hope I don't get pee all over my car seat. I'll drop you off at your office. I hope nobody sees me in my peed in pants. I'm going to have to go home and change after I drop you off. What am I going to tell my boss?" I said, "Tell him I really wanted to spend a lot of time looking at the theater. I'll back you up." She said, " You are so cool. How can I thank you?" I said, "How about dinner this Friday night?" She said, "You still want to go out with me after this?" I'm thinking one of the biggest reasons I want to go out with you is because of this. I said, "Oh don't be silly. It doesn't matter to me." She dropped me off and I went to work, but I wasn't able to think about anything the rest of the day other than Karen and her sexy peeing accident. 
C.U. Squirm