Sharon felt a mix of anxiety, anticipation, and excitement as she lay awake in the lower half of the bunk bed. Her watch told her that it was 6:56, just a few minutes from her wake–up call and the start of her first day of cadet training at North Hill Military Academy. She had just checked in last night after a 4 hour bus ride from her hometown, where she had lived all her life. She was pretty excited to be away from her parents for the first time in her 18 years, having just finished her first year of Psychology at Fairmont College, a twenty minute drive from her house.
Sharon felt fortunate being able to live at home attend college on a full scholarship, which cut down her costs of education to virtually nothing. However, she did feel a bit deprived over the fact that she had never experienced living on her own, outside her parents' comfy little nest. Her friends regularly shared fun party stories with her and she sometimes felt a bit left out. Even so, she knew not having the pressures of living on her own and distractions of campus parties would benefit her in the big scheme of things.
Sharon had considered taking some summer classes, but felt really burnt out after two semesters of five classes each. Instead, she had decided to register for a military course at this academy to learn some new skills, add something interesting to her resume, and even have a little fun over the summer. It was quite affordable, as the U.S. Military was funding most of the costs of running the program. The only catch was that the registration forms declared that cadets in the program were agreeing to participate in ground–breaking research studies and would have to sign a non–disclosure agreement to protect the country's military training methods.
Sharon had already observed first–hand how important this procedure was. Being quite desperate to pee after such a long bus ride, she had immediately asked the lady in the main office where the toilets were, hoping that they were nearby. To her surprise, she had not been permitted leave the desk to relieve herself until after she had signed in as a cadet at the academy, as well as the non–disclosure agreement. However, she had appreciated the gratitude shown by a handsome cadet in uniform afterwards. He had gotten up from the other chair behind the desk and graciously offered to lead her to the ladies' room. He had even waited outside the washroom to carry her luggage to the residence building where she would be staying for the next six weeks.
Sharon was alerted by the door opening and the loud clacking of boots entering the room. The lights flickered on and an attractive but commanding mid–thirties blonde woman in a military uniform walked to the middle of the room. "EVERYBODY UP!" she yelled, and twelve groggy girls rolled out of bed to stand next to the bunks in their sleepwear. The woman introduced herself as Sergeant Wilson, head trainer of all the female cadets at the academy. She reminded the girls that they had exactly thirty minutes to get washed up and dressed before presenting themselves at the mess hall for breakfast. Sharon quickly glanced over at her bunkmate, a petite but fit blonde named Tina. They had become friends quickly yesterday after discovering that they attended the same college.
Sharon showered and dressed herself in the uniform provided by the academy– white cotton underwear, tight faded jeans, and a white t–shirt. She took a quick glance in the mirror and found that everything fit perfectly. Running her fingers through her light brown hair, she couldn't help but admire how well the outfit showed off her 30B breasts, long legs, and perfectly shaped ass. She knew she was quite the knockout, but had never seen any outfit fit her figure this well. Hopefully, she would get to keep the clothes after the program was over!
The girls quickly got ready and left for the mess hall together, getting there a couple minutes before the instructed time and seated themselves at the long table for 12. At exactly 7:30, Sergeant Wilson walked in with two mid–twenties women in military attire. She introduced them as her assistants, Officers Brandi and Charlie. She went on to say that the academy's policy dictated that all cadets were to follow a strict supervised diet designed to help them succeed in the program.
Immediately after she had finished speaking and exited the hall, Brandi and Charlie rolled 2 large coolers to the table and placed a plastic water bottle in front of every cadet. They were given five minutes to drink, and then given a plastic bowl of cereal with cold milk and orange juice. After breakfast, the girls were instructed to line up and report to Sergeant Wilson outside. She handed out padlocked belts and ordered the girls to put them on. Sharon wondered what this was leading to and felt her stomach churn nervously.
After this, the cadets were led to a difficult obstacle course. The girls were shown how to get through the exercises by the assistants, before Sergeant Wilson explained the rules. "All cadets are required to conquer this course, but those who are slowest will be punished. The slowest girl will be required to drink two bottles of water. The next slowest will drink one bottle. The third slowest: half of one bottle. I can guarantee that water will impair your performance in the next training activities so give it your best, ladies. Also, the fastest cadet will be a captain for our last exercise of the day."
The girls were organized in alphabetical order, so Sharon was near the end before Tina and Val. The obstacle course was quite difficult for most of the girls, as they were not trained for such activity. Sharon observed after the first four runs that the average time was about five minutes, so it would take about an hour to get through the entire exercise. By the time Sharon's turn came, she was getting tired of waiting and could also feel a slight need to pee. A couple of the girls were quite slow, so she felt confident she could avoid being in the bottom three.
Sharon got through the first three exercises quite easily, but disaster struck on the handlebars. She slipped and fell hard on her left leg. Hopping about in pain but not wanting to quit, she jumped back on the bars and made it through the rest of the course, albeit slower than she would have if her leg didn't hurt. After the girls had all gone, Sergeant Wilson announced that Tina had been the fastest and would be one of the captains. Carrie, a busty redhead, was the slowest. Sharon was the next slowest, followed by Val.
After drinking another bottle of water, Sharon was feeling like she could use a trip to the ladies. The fact that her jeans were padlocked shut was really concerning her and she wondered if the whole reason for making the slowest girls drink water was just to cause discomfort by denying them the toilets. It seemed illogical; maybe the whole idea was to make it harder to concentrate on tasks by causing a full bladder, which might be a good research study.
The next exercise ended up being a shooting competition. Each girl had thirty seconds to shoot five one–meter radius targets thirty feet away. Similar to the last exercise, the worst three shooters would be forced to drink water and the best one would get to be a captain for the last exercise. Sharon had lots of practice playing first person shooter video games with her little brother so she felt quite confident she could do better than some of the other girls.
After a quick demonstration from Brandi and Charlie, the girls were asked to shoot in reverse alphabetical order this time. Sharon did better than Tina and Val this time, hitting three of the five targets and avoided having to drink any water. Carrie ended up having to drink two bottles again. Sharon couldn't help but feel bad for as she watched her nonchalantly cross her legs. Sharon was sure the poor girl needed the toilet, as her own need was growing quite quickly.
After this, Brandi made a surprise announcement. The last exercise would not happen just yet. The girls would be heading back into the mess hall to meet with the male cadets who were a week into their own program. Brandi explained that this was simply an opportunity to socialize and gain some insight on how the program worked from the boys. However, she warned that they had been instructed to withhold certain information and the programs were not identical either. Sharon glanced over at Carrie who looked extremely worried, but seemed to decide not to communicate her concerns to the assistants. All the girls consciously dusted off their clothes and pulled down their t–shirts to make sure the padlocks were safely out of view prior to lining up.
As the girls entered the hall, they were greeted by twelve smiling cadets in uniform and the conversation flowed freely from there. Sharon felt a bit worried by the growing pressure in her bladder and tried to ignore it as it became more and more of a concern. She and Tina were talking to two cute boys and the last thing she wanted them to know was how badly she needed to pee. However, fifteen minutes later, she could no longer help herself from crossing her legs every now and then and dancing a little jig on the spot. She looked nervously at Carrie who was really dancing now and eventually rushed away from her conversation with a tall and very handsome cadet to talk to the three trainers who were watching from the corner of the room. They appeared to be taking notes and discussing observations with each other.
Sharon and several other girls diverted their attention away from the boys and watched as Carrie urgently spoke to Sergeant Wilson, who just quietly shook her head. Carrie put her hands in her crotch for emphasis, but still got no sympathy from the women for her pleas. Disappointed and visibly desperate now, she returned to her conversation. After five more minutes, she could no longer keep herself from holding her pussy and excused herself from the conversation, burning red with humiliation. Sharon had her own legs permanently crossed now and was bending her knees slightly. She was finding it increasingly difficult to focus on her own conversation and scanned the room to discover that most of the other girls were showing signs of desperation as well. Many of the eyes in the room were stealing glancing at Carrie, who was trying her best to be invisible in the back of the room.
Sharon looked over at helpless Carrie, hopping up and down in intense desperation. She could not help but think of her own bladder begging to release all its pent up urine. She discretely reached down to give her pussy a quick squeeze. She needed to pee SO badly. She noticed one of the boys glance down at her crotch and quickly let go, embarrassed.
Suddenly, Sergeant Wilson blew her whistle and announced that the break from exercises was now over. She thanked the male cadets for coming in and interacting with the newcomers to the academy. She was in the process of dismissing them to the war simulation area where the last exercise would take place when she was interrupted by a short but very audible gasp from Carrie. With her hunched over posture, there was no hiding what was happening. The back of her faded jeans darkened rapidly and a stream poured out from the crotch onto the concrete floor of the hall. Her legs soaked dramatically and a massive puddle formed on the floor. There was dead silence in the room, with only the emphasized sound of liquid splattering to the floor hitting everyone's ears. As she finished peeing, Carrie broke down sobbing and couldn't get herself to look at anyone in the room. Sergeant Wilson resumed her dismissal of the male cadets as if nothing had happened and waited for them to leave the hall before instructing the girls to form a line.
Carrie kept her head down as she walked to the back of the line, blushing heavily. Witnessing a wetting accident hadn't helped Sharon's own cause as she was holding herself tightly with her right hand to prevent any leaking into her jeans. She had noticed six of the other girls were doing the same. The three trainers marched the girls out to the war simulation area which resembled a very large maze. There were bleachers to witness the match on a big screen showing multiple cameras located strategically inside the war zone. The male cadets were already seated in the bleachers eagerly anticipating what was coming next.
Once again, Sergeant Wilson explained the rules of the exercise prior to starting. "First, the two captains will choose sides. A coin toss will decide first pick. Once teams are selected, red and blue flags are to be attached to your belts. You will all be given paintball guns to match the colour of your team. If you are hit by an opponent's shot after you enter the war simulation area, you are eliminated and must return here. If you wet your pants, you are also eliminated. If you have peed yourself, you are required to ask me for the key to your padlock so that you may take off your jeans and leave them to dry on the rails of the bleachers. Once you have done that, you must form a line ten feet in front of the bleachers and watch the remainder of the competition on the big screen. If a cadet is eliminated with an opponent's shot, she will join the other eliminated cadets in line. However, if she wets herself in line, she must take the necessary steps to hang her jeans to dry and return to the line with the others. As you can see, the maze is equipped with cameras which the trainers and audience can monitor, so I expect both the audience and the eliminated participants to help judge the competition. It will be over once only members from one team remain and I blow my whistle three times."
She paused to reach into her pocket and continued. "Cadet Carrie, since you have already urinated in your jeans, you may take your key now." She handed Carrie the key whose eyes opened wide with fear and embarrassment. "As for the rest of you, Officer Charlie will flip a coin to see if Tina or Breanna will select first. Good luck."
Tina won the toss and the process of selecting teams began, but no one was really paying attention. Everyone's attention was either on their very full bladders or poor Carrie who slowly stripped off her soaked jeans revealing her soaked white cotton panties clinging tightly to her vagina. More humiliated than she had ever been in her life, she walked to the bleachers to hang up her drenched jeans on the railing and took her designated spot in front of the boys, her wet bottom in white see–through panties facing the bleachers for the crowd to see.
As the first two team picks were made, another one of the cadets, Julie, could not contain her pee any longer. Exhausted, she gave up the battle and let go in her jeans, still peeing as the final pick was made by Breanna. As the contestants struggled to attach red and blue flags to their belts and pick up their paintball guns, Julie approached Sergeant Wilson and accepted the key to her padlock.
Sharon waited with her team outside the south entrance to the maze with her team. All of the girls were holding themselves, awaiting the whistle to start the competition. The whistle sounded and into the maze they went. Sharon was focusing all of her attention into not going to the bathroom in her jeans. She doubted she would be able to shoot straight even if she got the chance to kill a member of the red team. Walking slowly and ever so carefully she rounded a corner hoping to catch a glimpse of a red flag. She felt herself release a spurt into her panties and quickly dropped the gun to shove both hands into her pee hole. She could hear someone coming now and quickly scrambled to pick up her weapon again. It was Tina, the captain of her team. They both giggled and subsequently grabbed their crotches to prevent accidents that were so extremely close to happening.
Sharon split off from Tina and continued on. All of a sudden, she saw a flicker of red. Moving as fast as she possibly could without losing control, she chased. As she rounded the corner, she was alarmed to see Val facing her and expecting the chase. Luckily, Val missed. Sharon quickly lifted up own her gun and fired back, but missed as well. Fortunately, Val lost her balance dodging the shot and fell heavily, causing her to start peeing in her underwear. Sharon giggled happily as Val's face reddened with anger and humiliation and she picked herself up to exit the maze. Unfortunately, her laughter alerted Breanna, who had won the best shooter competition earlier and she sniped Sharon easily from behind a few minutes later.
Frustrated at her brief moment of weakness, Sharon turned back to exit the maze. By the time she got out, she saw that the line of eliminated players was now nine girls long, all of them sporting wet panties. Tina and Breanna were the only cadets still left in the game. Sharon desperately hobbled to line up, hoping that the match would end soon so she wouldn't have to piss herself in front of twelve horny boys and then strip down to her wet panties on top of that. She had to admit that it was extremely exciting to see so many hot young girls lined up with only wet panties on, but also knew she had to avoid that outcome for herself at all costs.
Five minutes ticked away like five years. Sharon was sure she had squirted a number of times, but no one had mentioned her wet jeans yet. Maybe no one had noticed because of the intriguing match on the big screen. Either that or the boys were just enjoying the show of her ass getting increasingly wet too much to mention it to the trainers. Either way, Sharon didn't want to take the risk of inspecting her own crotch, which could draw attention. Finally, she saw Tina and Breanna encounter each other on the big screen in front of her. They fired simultaneously and hit each other. The impact of the paintballs caused them to release the contents of their dangerously full bladders into their jeans and they both ended up soaking themselves laughing at each other. In the line, Carrie needed to pee again and spread her legs to empty her bladder through her panties. She sighed with relief as a clear waterfall poured out from her crotch, much to the delight of the boys behind her.
As the final contestants came out of the maze, Sharon continued to hang on valiantly with both hands in her crotch, unable to hold in the squirts. Tina noticed the line of wet girls in front of the bleachers and rushed towards Sharon to tickle her. The other girls quickly joined in and Sharon had no choice but to pee herself violently while laughing uncontrollably. Sergeant Wilson handed out the remaining keys with an amused smile on her face and told the girls to leave their jeans out to dry before forming a line to go back into the mess hall for lunch. They would need dry jeans tomorrow.
By: Full Bladder