Lunambra 3-12

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Twelve - New Peace

It was ten hours after the fight ended, in the dead of night, that Marina grasped Baeden's shoulder and gently shook him awake. He opened his eyes and turned to her, smiling at her sweaty face. "I can't hold it in anymore," she said desperately. "I've already leaked in the bed a little. I know you're in pain, and I know you are tired, but I have to ask you. Do you want to go to the ocean, or do you want me to just pee in the chamberpot here?

Baeden rolled onto his back and inhaled deeply. "I thought a rib was broken, but I seem to be breathing alright. I might just have lucked out. We should hurry, lest you pee on the street." He sat up and pulled a robe over himself, and Marina did the same.

She was jiggling every which way, pressing one hand between her legs. "Ooohh, it's leaking again," she moaned.

Baeden leaned forwards, feeling between her legs with his right hand. Warm dampness dripped onto his fingers, and he gave her a gentle hug. "Hold it for me, okay? You can make it to the water. I'm really desperate too, I don't know how I was sleeping through this."

They quietly made their way upstairs and out of the tavern, sneaking through the dark streets. For the first time in her life, Marina felt sand between her toes, and she stumbled through the strange matter, letting out a few drops into the grains. "I'm about wetting myself," she hissed. "I can't walk on this weird stuff." Despite her leaking, she managed to get all her clothes off, along with Baeden, and they both gasped as their feet hit water. "Oh, cold, cold! I can take it though, come on, let's get deeper."

Baeden had to nearly drag her in as she focused on holding herself, and soon they were bobbing in the light waves. "Oh Gooood, being in water makes it ten times worse," she cried. "I'm losing it, come here." She reached out and embraced Baeden, pulling herself close to him. They kissed passionately in the dim moonlight, and Baeden breathed a soft laugh as he felt warmth surrounding his privates and his legs. She pressed her face against his chest as she relieved herself in the great body of water, and she squealed as she felt Baeden's stream start directly against her clit. "It's so warm under there," she whispered. "This feels...oh, it's...mmmm." Baeden had to catch her as she nearly fell into the water from her quick orgasm. He led her back to shallower water, where they both lay for two hours, enjoying each other again and again until the rising tide forced them back to land.

Three hours later, they looked to the rising sun as their ship sailed onward, leaving behind everything that they had ever known and heading towards everything that they could ever want.

(Epilogue)

After a ten month journey Baeden and Marina entered the small German-speaking principality of Nortenhausen located on the Istrian peninsula bordered by the Adriatic Sea. There they bought a comfortably sized house on the outskirts of a semi-large port city. And while neither Baeden nor Marina spoke German, the fact that German had donated thousands of words to the English language made assimilation easy. Within a few months, the bright minds of Baeden and Marina could speak near flawless German. And so they lived happily ever after; with no fear, no worries, and much wet sex.
