Subject: Sarah and Janice
	Date: Tue, 21 Jan 1997 18:16:32
From: 'James'

Hi,

Thanks for your "squat" picture series. Woman desperatly needing to piss outdoors are by far the best part of watersports. "Squirm" has it right in his article that you've published. "Desp08" is one of my favorites, as well as the one that I've enclosed - I'm sure you'll agree.

I am enclosing a true and fasinating story for your web page. No full names, please! "James" will be an accptable anon pen name.

My story is as follows. There's a little artistic license for presentation, but this is pretty much how Sarah explained it to me: 

SARAH AND JANICE

"A woman I dated named Sarah related an incident that occurred with her and an old friend, Janice, during their college days. It was such a turn-on as she told it that I milked as much detail as a could from her, including the dialog between the two.

It appears that their college senior class booked a party boat as part of their senior graduation week. Because the university was some 30 miles from the docks, they rented several school buses for the trip. Of course, this also naturally lead to a good bit of beer drinking on the bus on the trip to the ocean. 15 minutes before arrival, both Sarah and Janice confided their urgent desire to relieve themselves with each other.

Upon arriving at the docks, both girls were eager to get on the boat and get to the ladies' room. However, they were in the last of six buses to arrive, the line was a block long, and the boat was not even going to start boarding for another 10 minutes. Janice, a full-bodied woman of about 5'2 with short brown hair, was absoluting aching to go. Sarah went exploring behind a small shack on the warf to see if it would do for temporary facilities, but was disappointed to find a few of her senior class collagues partying behind it. 

Turning back toward the back of the line, Sarah saw Janice walking quickly down the street to an adjacent parking lot. "Janice, where are you going, wait up for me", Sarah pleaded. But as she spoke, Janice's quick walk turned into a dead run, as she had decided that the adjacent parking lot was where she would end the torment of her bursting bladder. Sarah herself was quite interested in relieving herself, but dressed in bib-type denim shorts and clogs, she could not hope to catch the racing Janice, and could only walk as fast and possible in her sandels to the parking lot.

When Sarah arrived, she began looking for Janice until she stumbled upon her between two parked cars. Janice's pants were down to her knees as she was half squatted while hanging on to a door handle and releasing a torrent stream of piss that flowed like a river under one of the vehicles. Because she was facing away from her, the first thing Sarah saw was Janice's full bodied, round ass. Although never having been attracted to woman before, the site of Janice in this vunerable and not-so- ladylike postion was a turn on for Sarah.

But Sarah needed to attend to some serious business of her own, and the site of Janice's gushing relief only made the desire to empty her own bladder even more extreme. 

Although somewhat frozen in position while continuing to piss in earnest, Janice turned her head to see Sarah, standing right behind her, unbutton the top buttons of her bib overalls and begin to quickly roll them down her slender, dimutive frame past her hips. "Don't go yet!" pleaded Janice, "Just stand guard til I'm done".

"I can't wait" Sarah shot back as she grabbed the sides of her panties and tore them down around her thighs and immediatly went into a full squat. As Sarah released her muscles in relief, a golden flood came pouring out her, the combination of the two girls' piss hitting the pavement sounding like a rain storm. 

Having begun to alliviate the pain that her over-taxed bladder was causing her, Sarah found herself concentrating more and more on Janice, and particularly the round globes of her derrier. Then, like a bolt of naughty lightning, Sarah came up with what was both an idea and an answer to a temptation, remembering the small packof tissues in her top bib pocket, easily accessable from it's position atop her tights.

"Hey Janice, I've got some kleenex's" Sarah offered as Janice's pee looked like it was coming to a long-awaited end.

"Oh great! That's one thing I was just thinking about" Janice replied as her stream slowed to less than a trickle. But Janice wasn't quite expecting from Sarah what came next.

"Here let me" Sarah said and just as quickly reached forward between Janice's legs and began to massage between the lips of her vagina, kleenex in hand. Janice gasped in both shock and delight as one type of wetness was replaced by another. Sarah contined to rub the tissue around Janice's crotch, delighed that her partner in outdoor urination was not protesting in the least, but had rather begun to flex up and down at the knees in rythim with her repeated gasps of "Uh, Uh". 

Feeling her own piss stream coming to an end, Sarah reached around and offered a tissue to Janice, "Now you do me", Sarah said with a bit of childlike anticipation. "Yeah!" Janice replied as she immediatly pivoted around, her jeans bunched around her knees, her under-pants only slightly higher. 

Sarah came up from her squat position slightly as Janice reached between Sarah's legs over her bib overalls and thrust her hand forward to message Sarah's moist crotch. Janice explored all around Sarah's love nest with the tissue until finally touching Sarah's aroused clitoris, at which point Sarah involuntary thrust her hips forward as she gasped for air. 

Sarah and Janice were not turning back, nor did they want to. The thin veil of the kleenexes were dropped by both woman as they eagerly explored each other's pussies, now both wetter than before! Sarah continued to thrust and gasp for air as Janice stroked her love button, while Janice continued to rythmically bend and straighten her knees as Sarah thrust her fingers deep into Janice's tunnel; both woman struggling to please the other around chothing that was down but not completely off.

Sarah never told me if either or both of them made it to orgasim that evening. One thing that neither of them did make...the boat!" 

