Game, Set, and Wet (patt 3)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental and Deliberate Wetting, Foreplay and Humiliation.
By Gillian

Kristine was amazing, her serves were both accurate, and powerful, her return game flawless. Just as her coach had predicted, once Felicia felt defeated, she'd fold. In the end, after all the humiliation and the embarrassment of peeing down her legs in public, Kristine won the third set 6-1, losing only one point in the final game and thus won the match against a shocked and devastated opponent. The crowd cheered wildly as Kristine fell to her knees, forgetting for a moment the humiliation she had felt earlier.

Thirty minutes had passed since she had started the set and she felt elation, she had finally won, her first major event. She looked around the stadium, hoping the win would offset the embarrassment of peeing in her pants not once but twice in front of everyone in the stadium. The crowds stood in their seats and cheered. She turned around and faced each of the sections, hoping they'd forget her accidents and remember her victory. She bit her lip as she thought about those episodes that now seemed so far in the past, but really weren't. As Elise came up to give her instructions and the sponsors of the tournament prepared the trophy, Kristine had a horrible thought amidst the excitement: She had to go to the bathroom again, very badly.

The constant water drinking added to a completely spent and tortured bladder that had been stretched and pulled beyond its limits made her incredibly desperate, her pee filling rapidly, the urges so much stronger now. As she turned to face Elise to receive her trophy, she trembled as she felt her bladder surge, her need to pee growing rapidly with each passing minute. She thought ahead to the locker room, thinking how nice it would feel to sit on the toilet and pee, to relieve the pressure without humiliating herself. Thankfully, the trophy presentation was short. As she took the microphone and thanked the crowd and her coaches, she felt a huge wave of pressure overtake her, and she almost started peeing in her skirt again, the water forcing against the incredibly weak bladder walls. She almost wet her pants, but held on.

The bathrooms were so close, so close. Ending her speech, Kristine walked away, heading to the locker rooms, her bladder now pounding and the pressure unyielding. She tried to walk quicker, but the pain was too much. In just forty-five minutes she had gone from an empty bladder to one that was torture, each step racking her young body with pain. She needed to pee SO urgently- her breathing once again became rapid. Opening the door into the hallway that led to the locker rooms, she stopped. She felt her urethra throb as she almost uncontrollably peed into her skirt while she stood there. Walking down the hall she saw the bathroom in the distance, salvation at last. One more hurdle, she found out: The TV interview. Looking at the mass of people in the hallway, she had to stop.

The TV Cameras were on her as she struggled walking, her bladder dying inside. Leaning against the wall were people from the tour, including Stacey, the trainer, who had changed into a pair of low-rise jeans and a tank top. Her nipples protruded through the thin fabric and Kristine saw her and smiled, only to be interrupted by the commentator who was about to interview her. Dying from sheer desperation, her need to pee as great as anytime during the match, she turned, looking for Elise, trying to find a way to do the interview after she could take a bathroom break. She didn't see her. The commentator approached. TV lights blared. Her bladder pulsated violently inside her 19 year old body, her urine boiling inside, and a thrashing Tsunami of pee demanded release, her bladder weakened from the earlier events.

The worst part was standing still. Kristine stood there, her legs starting to tremble, her feet slightly apart, her body tense, taut, her bladder unyielding, the pressure building to insane levels. Waves of pee pressure shrieked through her body, searing nerve endings with intense pain as she struggled to contain her pee. The interview was pure torture, she needed so badly to use the bathroom, but they wouldn't let her until she was done! The stupid questions, the torture, the humiliation. Kristine stood there, in panic, as the interview continued. "So, did you have any particular goals in mind in terms of how you played your opponent?" he asked. Kristine paused, her body tensing, fighting another wave of pressure. She looked around and saw that the hallway was packed. Stacey was in clear view, smiling. Her coach and the tournament director stood behind the cameraman, smiling. 

Crowds of VIP onlookers lined the walls. Even if she wanted to run off and escape, she'd have to fight through the crowd to get to the bathroom. "Well, I thought that if I kept playing hard and making her run, I could win," she answered, pausing mid sentence as she stemmed a terrible spasm that shook her body. She stood there, her tennis skirt finally dry, her panties only slightly damp from her earlier accidents, her legs clenched together, and she started to tap her left foot in desperation, trying to keep from peeing down her legs while being interviewed.

The TV camera zoomed back, and the entire television audience could clearly see the girl was desperate again, dying for a bathroom break, her body language giving her away, the clenched knees, the taut facial expression, her uncontrollable biting of her lip, the tapping of her feet. Her right hand clutched the edge of her short tennis skirt, her gorgeous thighs quite exposed for all to see.

Kristine stood there in a panic, about to pee, trying to hold back, wishing the stupid interview would just end! "Now one thing that surprised everybody was your conditioning. Did you think that played a part in your victory today?" Kristine paused as a huge pressure spasm racked her body. Her pee was on the very edge of her pee hole, about to burst through her clenched muscles, her tennis skirt pressing hard against her distended belly, the water pushing it out, the pain intense as she stood there, trapped, needing to pee SO badly she almost started wetting right there. She pulled herself together, only able to summon the energy to hold back her pee because of the excitement of winning her match. Her legs were tighter together now, her left foot subconsciously tapping faster as her bladder throbbed. It HAD to be over soon, the interview was taking MUCH too long!

"Yea, I trained really hard last summer - THANKS COACH, it was hardcore training, and I think it uh (she paused mid statement as she almost peed into her pants, her bladder screaming at her), uh, made a difference for sure. I don't think anyone can keep up with me on the court." She clenched hard, the last wave of pee pressure was almost too much to hold back. Her nipples grew taut in her skintight sports bra, the cold air conditioning making them firmly erect. Dark circles were somewhat visible through the thin fabric, a fact many viewers in the television audience noted.

She stood there, awaiting the next question, and she slightly bent over, trying to hold in her pee. "Ok, one more question, Kristine," he said. She was half bent over now, her body in the last seconds before losing total control. She looked over at Stacey, her eyes pleading, wanting a solution. She HAD to maintain her dignity, HAD to keep her composure, but the pain was SO intense. She needed to go PEE!!!! "Uh, sure," she mumbled. The TV cameras caught her, partially bent over, her feet tapping quickly, in obvious and total bathroom denial desperation. The control room crew gasped, it appeared the tennis star was about to have ANOTHER pee accident!

"Kristine, what happened out there, you know, with the bathroom thing?" The dreaded question- the one she knew might come. "Well," she started. She had to stop; her bladder was torturing her insides. Trying to control herself, she stood up straight. The stinging pain was intense. Standing still, she controlled herself, to answer professionally, with poise. "Well, I kind of had a problem because I drank too much water and I guess I just couldn't hold it," she said, her voice starting to tremble as her body violently thrashed as her bladder expanded, its membranes once again tortured. She looked around; her body was starting to shake involuntarily. She KNEW she was going to wet her pants if she didn't use the bathroom RIGHT NOW.

"So, has anything like that happened to you before?" How DARE he ask that question, she thought. She stood there tense, still, her feet slightly apart. She tried to hold back. She had to clench her legs together, the pain increased amazingly. "Well," she started again. The wave of pressure overtook her 19-year-old body, her pee so incredibly desperate to escape. "Well," she tried again. She couldn't stand still. She started moving around.

"Are you ok?" he asked.

"Um," she tried to concentrate. Stand still. She stood up straight, sweat appearing on her forehead, her breathing rapid, and her heart racing. Her bladder throbbed violently, she tried to hold it back, every ounce of energy was being put into keeping her pee in. "Well, I had a problem in high school once," she continued. Suddenly, a huge wave overtook her. The heat from the TV lights made her feel faint, and a the pressure kept building, it wasn't going away, the pounding of her pee torturing her ravished pee hole, and she stood up, trying to hold it back. The stinging pain increased again, and as she smiled at the TV camera, her bladder went into a spasm.

"What happened in high school, dear?" he asked. Obviously he was interested in her pee accidents! She tried to hold it back, but a stream let loose. Standing there, the glare of the TV lights in her eyes, Kristine started peeing into her tennis panties, slowly, for about two seconds. Pee slowly escaped past her partially clamped pee hole, and a trickle of warm pee ran down her thigh. She unclenched her legs, and felt the pee trickle down her thigh again. She tried to hold it back. She had to answer. "Um, I had a problem at a track meet," and she had to stop. Another burst. This time she peed for four seconds, the stream flooding the thin fabric of her clinging tennis panties, and a stream appeared between her legs, splashing for a brief second onto the concrete floor of the hallway. "Um, I'm really sorry, I need to go," she looked up. Another burst, two seconds, and her right thigh became quickly soaked with hot pee that gushed from her tortured pee hole.

"Oh my, are you ok, are you having another accident??" the commentator asked, looking down at her legs which were now wet with trickle marks and a shining stream of pee trickling down them slowly as she started to lose control. Kristine looked over at Elise and she nodded her head that it was over soon. Looking over to her right, Kristine saw Stacey standing just a few feet away, her back leaning against the concrete wall, her tight light blue denim jeans riding low on her hips. She looked into Stacey's eyes, begging, wanting some understanding. Stacey looked back, and moved herself just a few inches on the wall. Kristine stood, pee starting to leak out of her bladder and she stared at Stacey, like she was asking forgiveness for a grievous sin.

Stacey giggled, and as Kristine watched, angered that Stacey was laughing at her obvious desperation, Kristine's face turned from anger to shock as she suddenly saw Stacey wet her jeans violently, right there, leaning against the wall, in front of everybody!!! Stacey's pee was hissing out of her body uncontrollably as Stacey could not contain her excitement of seeing Kristine start to have an accident again in front of her. Kristine couldn't believe her eyes, and even with the noise of the crowd, she heard the hissing as Stacey wet her pants right in front of her. Kristine looked up, in total agony, her bladder screaming at her, the sight of her friend wetting herself in her tight jeans too much, and her own bladder exploded, unable to be held any longer.

Looking at her interviewer, she tried to move, but was trapped, the TV cameras focused on her. Unable to control herself, Kristine started to pee harder, the next few streams increasing in intensity as she sprayed pee into her tennis panties, flooding her thighs. She screamed, doubled over, then stood up, her hands holding the edges of her tennis skirt, the short skirt barely covering her crotch. She stood there, humiliated, the TV cameras still tracking her every movement, and lost all control. In the next second, she burst and her bladder emptied violently into her panties.

The pee came exploding out, streams jetting out of her pee hole, long hard sizzling hot pee streams spraying through the now see through fabric, and splashing against the tanned skin of her legs. It was flooding down, sheet after sheet of hot pee, her legs glistening in the glare of the TV lights, and a huge puddle was forming beneath her. As she stood in shock, she parted her legs and a huge stream came directly down from the middle of her tennis panties and jetted noisily onto the concrete floor. The crowd shrieked as they moved back in the hallway to avoid stepping in the rapidly growing pee puddle underneath Kristine, pee splashing out of her like an uncapped fire hydrant on a hot NY summer day. Sobbing uncontrollably, she ran to Stacey, who hugged her. The TV crew turned off their lights, but it was already too late. 

All of the television audience had clearly seen Kristine pee into her tennis skirt right there on the TV, from the first signs of desperation through the jetting hot bursts of pee as she began to lose control, to the final continuous streams of pee cascading out of her soaked tennis panties onto her legs and all over the ground. This accident was the worst, the throng of people were SO close, only a few feet away when Kristine's dam had burst, pee jetting out of her tennis clothing in front of them, the explosive force of her urine even shocking her with how hard and fast it came out, unable to be held any longer.

Photographers clicked like crazy, the wetting sites would be full of explicit close up pictures of the new tennis champion wetting herself after the match within hours. Struggling to escape, her tennis skirt soaked, the pleats dripping pee as she walked, Kristine and Stacey hugged and the two made it through the crowd into the locker room. Stacey's jeans shone in the TV lights, the huge shining wet spots totally visible to the crowd now, amazed that this other girl they did not know had just also had a huge pee accident in her pants right there! Inside the locker room, Kristine was crying uncontrollably, having just totally wet herself while being interviewed on national TV!!

Stacey tried to console her as Kristine went into a nervous breakdown, Stacey hugging her tight as Kristine burst into continued tears, streams of tears running down her gorgeous young face in shame. They stood huddled. Inside the bathroom, one of the other ball girls who had been incredibly desperate had just barely made it to the bathroom in time, her pee leaking out of her struggling pee hole as she closed the stall door behind her, her panties getting warm as she started to pee into them uncontrollably, just barely holding back the flood inside. 

The ball girl pulled down her uniform skirt but her bladder exploded into her panties and she had no choice but to pee as hard as she could through her underwear. They quickly became saturated as she peed forcefully into the toilet, the loud splashing and sizzling noise echoing in the empty locker room as the two girls hugged. The ball girl started crying, unwilling to believe that she hadn't been able to take her panties off before letting go. She sat there and emptied her bladder through her panties into the bowl while the two girls outside were embracing, both soaking wet.

Stacey held Kristine tight, and then emptied the rest of her bladder into her jeans as she felt Kristine's wetness. Stacey felt her pulse race as she wet again, and moving her hand under Kristine's skirt, she felt the wetness of Kristine's freshly soaked tennis panties and pushed, feeling Kristine's muscular butt under the slippery soaked fabric. Stacey massaged the fabric, taking in the lovely feeling of the pee soaked tight fabric, the way it was warm and the way it hugged Kristine's incredible body. Kristine sobbed but felt a warm feeling overtake her. 

Stacey hugged tighter, pressing Kristine's body against hers as she finished urinating into her jeans, loving the feeling of her friend as she pressed against her body, her jeans soaking wet with her own pee, her own panties drenched from her own on-purpose wetting. Kristine felt Stacey's butt and moved her hands down, not knowing what she was really doing, but instinctively moving her hand to the front of Stacey's soaked jeans, feeling the girls warm pee soaked denim in her fingers, stroking the rough fabric near her crotch.

Stacey managed another short burst of pee that flooded out, soaking Kristine's fingers, and Stacey moaned loudly, feeling the rush approach her. Stacey replied in the same by moving her hand to Kristine's exposed belly, now back to it's normal size after her bladder had emptied into her tennis skirt right in front of everybody. Moving her hand along the waistband of Kristine's skirt, she felt Kristine press tighter with her hand against her jeans, probing the wetness. 

Stacey slipped her fingers inside the top edge of Kristine's skirt, and then moved her hands downward, reaching the top edge of her tennis panties. Stroking the wet fabric, she then moved her fingers into the folds of her labia through the micro thin pee soaked fabric as Kristine responded by peeing the last burst inside of her, the pee running over Stacey's delicate fingers, the warmth flowing over her smooth skin. Stacey massaged Kristine as she peed for the last few seconds and then entered her tennis panties, probing deeper, exploring, and feeling Kristine's wet pubic hair, stroking her folds, massaging, exploring, probing, eventually bringing Kristine to her first orgasm in her life, shuddering, pee soaking wet in Stacey's arms.

Kristine cried out, moaning as she climaxed to Stacey's probing, exploring touch. The two girls headed for the shower and stripped down, leaving Kristine's pee soaked tennis skirt and panties aside, Stacey's soaked jeans on the floor. The two girls continued in the shower, hugging and probing, exploring each other's young firm bodies. 19 years old and Kristine had just won her first tournament, experienced her first orgasm, and had peed her pants three times on national TV in her biggest tennis match, but at the moment she didn't care, soaking wet under the shower as the two girls stood there, breathless, wet, exhausted.

After a few minutes, they saw the ball girl come around the corner, her skirt off and her soaked panties still on, tears running down her cheeks, horrified at her own partial accident. Kristine and Stacey both giggled as they saw the girl's wet panties; it was obvious she only somewhat made it to the bathroom in time before starting to pee. After a few more minutes, the two exhausted girls changed and headed, smiling, out to the parking lot. As partners.

The day before, a few minutes after the trophy presentation had been over and Kristine and the rest had headed to the locker rooms, the cleaning crew noticed something peculiar. One crew was cleaning one the pee puddle under Kristine's chair, using a mop and a brush, and another maintenance worker was about to move the umpire's chair into storage. As he got closer he noticed a huge puddle in the umpire's chair. The puddle glistened in the fading sunlight of the early evening. Laughing, he looked where the umpire was just walking quickly off the court, and he easily noticed that the long skirt she was wearing, a light transparent cream colored skirt, was totally soaking wet and very transparent in the late afternoon light as the sunlight shone through the thin (and soaked) material.

He could clearly see the outline of her great legs as the skirt was backlit by the sun and the shape of her thighs was quite visible through the now transparent pee soaked skirt. He smiled when he realized that the chair umpire had completely peed in her skirt during the match. He wondered when it happened. Of course he would not know that it happened right about the same time that Kristine had wet her self on the court. The umpire was embarrassed and quickly left the locker rooms, heading to the parking lot, to drive home. 28 years old, she had been secretly dreaming about wetting, and seeing this new dark haired girl play and then pee herself was too exciting, finally giving her the nerve to pee herself in a very public place, on purpose. She hoped she wouldn't be fired for wetting her skirt on duty.

She had loved the sensation as she emptied her struggling, full bladder right into her skirt there on the umpires chair, pee exploding out of her own tortured bladder while she watched one of the players have a huge public pee accident. She relished the daring, the danger as pee pooled under her and soaked the back of her skirt as she sat and watched. The thrill was worth the risk, she thought, remembering the glory of peeing herself while watching it happen to another girl. As she reached the parking lot and got into her new car, she stood next to her car and peed again. 

She loved the feeling as her urine flowed through her clinging, wet panties, soaking her legs and her skirt as she made a puddle next to the driver's door of her car. Getting in her car, she felt her wet skirt with her hands, massaging the pee soaked fabric between her fingers, raising it to her lips and tasting her own salty pee for a brief moment, and then pressed it against her pee soaked legs and quickly masturbated before leaving the stadium property.

She dreamed of what it would be like to have a lover who would let her pee herself for pleasure. When she got home after an hour drive and two stops at the drive through for large drinks, she had to pee again urgently and as she stood there fiddling with her keys, her legs shaking in total desperation, she decided to try it again. As she stood there, in the evening light, the streetlamps illuminating the quiet subdivision where she lived, the umpire let go of a warm stream of pee down her legs again, soaking the stairs leading to her house.

She stood there for almost two minutes in bliss, pee hissing out, her cotton panties soaked again with her hot wetness, pee flooding down between and over her legs in sheets, waterfalls of pleasure as she wet herself on purpose again. Finishing, dripping, she went into the house, leaving pee drops on the hard wood floors as she headed to her bedroom. The wetness of her panties and the clinging transparent light colored skirt, soaked and sticking to her legs excited her. Her nipples grew taut under her blouse, her head felt dizzy and excited as she started breathing fast.

She emptied the last of her bladder into her panties as she stood there and then collapsed on her bed. She violently masturbated again before taking a shower and turning in for the night, dreaming of the events she saw that day, wondering if Kristine had ever had wetting problems in other tournaments. She surely would like to be in the umpire's chair watching that happen again. She dreamed about having a partner who she could share her deepest wet fantasies with. Very shy, she sighed in despair and went to bed, visions of the stunning teenager wetting herself on the court still in the umpire's head as she drifted off to sleep.

Two days later:

Kristine had never seen anything like it. The commotion and activity in the TV studio was beyond anything she had ever witnessed in her nineteen young years. Assistants, makeup artists, stylists, engineers all swarmed the room. The air was stifling as the air conditioning could barely keep up. She sat on a folding tan chair propped up in a dressing room in front of a large mirror. 25-watt globe bulbs lined all four sides, and a makeup artist was putting the finishing touches on her stage makeup before she was to go out. Her gorgeous silky brown hair fell slightly longer than her shoulders; the new conditioner she was using really was working, she was glad to be a spokesperson for it now, for sure.

The director looked over at her as she clutched her water bottle and took one last sip and he counted down from ten. Nine seconds later and Kristine was walking out on stage of the highest rated night talk show that one of the networks had just started. She used to watch it all the time at night and never thought one day she'd actually be a guest here!

As she walked out Kristine smiled and looked into the crowd. Wow, the stage lights were bright, but she could make out some faces. Her partner Stacey was supposed to be there in the third row in the center section. Yea, there she was, sitting in the audience in her white jeans and a black camisole. Kristine looked over at her and smiled. The audience was cheering madly, the chorus of hollering and applause was deafening.

Kristine had no idea she was this popular. Her whole life up to this point had been either working out or studying, the attention and the fact she actually had a relationship starting with someone now (albeit another girl, much to the dismay of many of the men who wished to pursue her) was just all too new. Striding the many steps over to the chair next to the host and his little desk, she paused and shook hands with the host, gave him a peck on the cheek, and then sat down in the chair.

She tried to adjust her skirt as she sat, but it was entirely too short. She giggled. She had worn a simple but powerfully sexy outfit: a thin white cotton micro mini skirt that barely covered her butt when she walked and a simple white camisole. She even dared to go on national television without a bra, and when the cooler air of the studio hit her, her nipples grew erect, poking through the thin fabric of the white camisole. She turned to the host who she could see was checking out her skirt. Or rather, looking up her skirt. The skirt was way too short to be sitting in, but it was too late now.

Kristine was shy and nervous and not always aware, and she sat there with her legs just slightly apart, a clear view of her panties visible to anyone who was close enough to see. She didn't bother to cross her legs. Her suntan was set off by the white of her top and the white skirt and perfectly complemented her incredibly toned, athletic legs. She wore a simple pair of sandals and a small red belt that matched her earrings. The audience took a few minutes to quiet down. She was just beginning to be aware that she was considered the next sports sex symbol for young women. Giggling again at the host, he laughed, aware of how popular she was just by the length of time it took the audience to settle down. Finally, the conversation started.

"So, Kristine, welcome, welcome, how are you?"

"Pretty good, pretty good." (She fidgets in the seat, trying to pull her skirt lower to cover her exposed panties)

"You know, that's a very interesting skirt!" (The host looks right between her legs, noticing clearly she is wearing a pair of a medium light blue mesh panties that clung tightly to her girlhood.)

"Yea, I guess I didn't really think about having to sit down when I picked this outfit. So all you guys out there, I guess you're going to be watching my underwear tonight!" (She giggles. The crowd cheers)

"Well, pardon my saying this, but you DO have nice legs, so I guess you might as well show them off!" (He looks closely, and being only a few feet away, he sees that her panties are so clingy, and tight that her lips are clearly defined, outlining the very shape of her most private parts. Even the texture of her pubic hair could be seen through the panties at this close of a distance. He grew excited as he spoke. She was beautiful, possibly the most gorgeous girl he had ever interviewed, and she was showing more than anyone in his talk show ever had- Ever!)

"Thank you! You know, I won "best athlete legs" in a competition last month, right?" (She giggles again)

"Wow, you did. I would never have guessed!" (He says with a sarcastic voice, making a face)

"Yea, wanna see?" (Kristine turns towards him in the chair and places her right leg up on his desk, the sole of her foot resting on the surface, bent at the knee, exposing all of her leg and crotch to him and all of the outside of her right leg to the audience and the cameras)

"Go ahead, touch it, see how strong I am," she continues.

"Ok, this is a tough job, but somebody has to do it, right folks?" (The audience cheers, and he feels her calve muscle, it's solid. The way she sits, he now clearly can see directly up her crotch, her panties are for him to see in almost their entirety. They are the slightest bit too small, the triangle of mesh fabric almost covers all of her mound, but a few stray pubic hairs escape the edges. A damp spot of perspiration is easily noticeable right where her pee hole would be. Or maybe she was nervous. He couldn't keep his eyes off her)

"Now feel my quads." (She moves her leg closer to him and then straightens it out, pointing her right foot in the air like a dancer. Her skirt is pulled up so high now that the audience can see the entire curve of her panty as her skirt is almost totally behind her. The cheers grow stronger.)

"WOW, you are really in shape!" (He touches her quad; again, it's rock solid. She relaxes her left leg a little, opening up even further, now both sides of her panty triangle are easily seen, he clearly realizes how tight and clingy her underwear are as they completely outline her slightly bulging pubic mound, her lips almost visible through the thin fabric.)

Kristine takes her legs down. Giggling, she reaches and pulls down her skirt.

"Wow, I guess I just gave the audience a show!" (She giggles, while the host nearly passes out thinking he just spent the last minute or so looking up the skirt of a hottest nineteen-year-old athlete he's ever seen.)

"I'm sure they appreciated it!"

"Anyway, enough talking about your skirt-" (the audience cheers) "Oh, BE QUIET!" he jokingly yells to the audience. "You're known for your fitness regimen, right? How did all of that start?"

"Well, my parents were both athletes so it was natural that I was going to be involved in sports all the time in school. The coaches found out I was really fast, so I actually was in track for a long time before I switched to tennis." (Of course, she giggles again, remembering very clearly the day she quit track)

"I didn't know that. So why did you give up track?"

"I guess I was just tired of it. Plus I had a really bad day once at a meet and after that I just wanted to focus myself elsewhere."

"So you really haven't been playing tennis that long then?"

"No, I have always played. I was pretty good too, but track always came first. So, when I quit track it was pretty easy to just focus on tennis."

Kristine was relaxing now, talking about her game. Unknowingly, she also relaxed her legs, which were now a foot apart, her short skirt giving the television audience a clear view of her blue mesh panties when the cameraman moved his dolly back to get a full shot of her in the frame. Her mother sat at home in shock, not believing her own precious daughter was exposing herself on national TV in front of the entire country!

"So, Kristine, what aspect of your game do you think makes you the player that you are?"

"Oh, definitely my fitness. I think I can outrun any girl out there and move faster than even some of the men. I went to a summer tennis camp where they did nothing but work on our fitness every day, and I learned a lot and got even quicker by the time that I was done with that."

"So you're not afraid of anyone else on the court then, you're the toughest?"

Kristine giggles. "Yea, I guess. I mean, I don't think any other girl can hang with me. I know that sounds really arrogant, but you know, I work hard for this body, really hard, lots of training, and it has paid off."

"You definitely have an incredible body. I heard someone say that you could do one hundred pushups in two minutes. Is that true?"

"Oh WOW, I guess you just believe everything you hear, don't you?"

"Well..."

"Yes. Wanna see?"

"You're going to do 100 pushups right here on the set?"

"Yup" Kristine giggled. Standing up, adjusting her skirt, she smiles to the audience, which cheers her on. Moving down the floor, she faces diagonally to the hosts bench. Not thinking, she also didn't realize that this meant the people on the left side of the house could clearly see up the back of her skirt, her blue mesh bikini panties clearly hugging her perfect butt as she prepared to start.

"Are you going to time me?"

"OK, do we have a timer? Yes, Okay, on your mark, get set, GO!"

Kristine starts and knocks out the one hundred pushups in just over a minute, her legs mostly exposed to the audience, a little sweat forming on her brow as she completes them. On the last pushup, she stands up and then does a squat thrust with a pushup in the middle and then another squat thrust to show off. The crowd cheers wildly. She looks at all sides of the house and then sits down. Her legs are still apart in the chair as she reaches for the bottle of water behind her chair.

"OK, a little thirsty now!"

"Wow. You are definitely in shape. I'm impressed!" The host secretly wonders if HE could do one hundred pushups period, never mind in a little more than a minute.

"Thanks. Wow, still thirsty." She giggled as she downed the rest of the water.

"So, anybody special in your life right now?"

"Ha, ha, I knew you'd ask that. There's someone I just met, but I'm not really like getting married or anything real soon. So let's just keep it at that."

"So, is he somebody you met on the tour, somebody famous?" He obviously had no idea.

"No, no more about that sort of stuff. That's private!" She giggles again, but gives him a serious look, letting him know to drop it. He gets the hint.

"OK. But while we're talking about things you don't want to talk about, what happened out there during your match. You know, when you had that little 'problem-' I mean, that doesn't happen often." He had to know. When a hot 19 year old tennis player that's surely going to be the next #1 pees herself on court, he had to hear about it.

"Oh, you mean when I wet myself on the court?" Kristine giggled, over it now, enjoying her secret wetting life with her partner Stacey.

"Well, yes, that's pretty direct. What happened?" He got excited, thinking she would actually give details. The more he thought about it, the more the whole event turned him on. Just the thought of somebody so attractive wetting themselves in public excited him. He never really even had considered that as a turn-on before, but with this girl, wow!

"Well, there's nothing really to tell." (She giggles) "I had to pee REALLY bad and when I got my bathroom break the locker rooms were closed because of a water leak or something so I couldn't go pee and had to try and hold it the rest of the match."

"And you couldn't?"

"Obviously." (She giggles) "I mean, I had to pee SOOOOOO bad it was hurting like crazy, and I really tried to hold it, but it got worse and worse and I just couldn't hold it any longer so I wet my skirt right there- right in front of everyone. Oh, well!" She giggles again, giving an "Oh well" shrug with her face as she finished the sentence. Off in the third row, Stacey fidgeted uncomfortably in her seat, needing to use the bathroom incredibly badly, the two quarts of water she drank before the studios doors opened to the guests taking their toll. Her white jeans were tight on her legs, pressed together, her one hand in between her legs, pressing against her crotch, needing to pee so very badly as she sat there, struggling to maintain her bladder control in the audience.

"So does that happen to you a lot?"

"Well, I do have kind of a weak bladder, I guess." She giggles. She still sits with her legs slightly apart. She fidgets in her chair.

"So, do you have to go now?" He can't believe he just asked that question. He had to. He knows it wasn't right, but he had to. Kristine had started to fidget over fifteen minutes ago, looking like maybe she did have to use the bathroom. Maybe that's why there was that little tiny damp spot in her panties when he looked earlier.

"Well, actually," Kristine giggles loudly. "Yea, I really need to go pee pretty bad actually." She giggles again, sounding like a desperate school child being denied a bathroom break.

"Are you going to wet your pants right here?"

"I might, I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it. I mean, I really, REALLY have to pee!!" She giggles again. Inside, her bladder is screaming. She drank two quarts of water as a dare before she went into the studios, and her bladder is tormenting her, the pressure overcoming her concentration. After she did the 100 pushups she really started to feel her need to relieve herself increase. She had to pee extremely badly; the pressure and the waves of pee surges inside of her body were rapidly growing. Kristine was very desperate now.

"Wow. You know if you ended up peeing in your pants the audience would probably go crazy?"

The studio audience exploded in cheers, making the most noise of the evening so far. Kristine looked at them in amazement, not believing what she was hearing. Did they really want to see her have an accident right there??

She looks out in the audience and asks: "You really don't want me to wet myself up here, do you?" She giggles, and then looks back at the host as the audience screams loudly in approval. From the back corner of the hall a loud voice yelling "DO IT" is heard. Everyone laughs.

"I think you've got one fan who wants you to have an accident there, Kristine!"

"Yea, I guess. I DO need to go, though!" She squirms in her chair, truly desperate for a bathroom break now, her bladder throbbing incessantly inside of her, her blue mesh panties hugging her tightly, her pee hole clenched shut, holding back the flow within. She giggles again.

"Don't worry. And forget about him. We're almost done and then you can go to the bathroom after that." The audience boos loudly, Kristine and the host both look out in shock, not believing the audience's strange desire to see her urinate on herself!

"Ok guys, you can't be serious. You REALLY want me to pee myself right here?" Kristine feels a hot rush. She needs to pee so bad she can barely sit still; she's starting to have to constantly move to keep her bladder contained. She feels excited in a strange way- that so many people want to see her have an accident. She looks out in the audience. They cheer loudly, screaming "DO IT, DO IT." Stacey sits in her seat, dying inside, her own pee about to explode out of her clenched pee hole. She sits there, pressing hard up and into the crotch of her white jeans, her body trembling; she's totally desperate, almost unable to contain her own bladder.

"Never mind them Kristine, they're just kidding!"

"I'm not so sure about that, you've got a strange audience!" She giggles. The audience yells again. Chants of "DO IT," "DO IT!!" echo through the studio. Kristine's bladder screams at her, sending a surging pressure through her that she can barely control. The stinging pain increases, she needs to pee immediately.

"OK guys, all this is NOT HELPING, I really need to go pee, okay? If you don't stop this, I'm going to have an accident right here!" Kristine giggled, yelling at the audience. Her bladder screamed. The audience cheered loudly. "DO IT! DO IT!!! DO IT!!!" again echo throughout the studio.

"OK, I'm sorry about our audience tonight. I guess they just want to see you have an accident! So, one last question and then we're done, okay?"

"Oh, it's okay now." Kristine giggled.

"What do you mean?"

"I just can't hold it any longer! Honest, I'm bursting. I really need to PEE!! I'm sorry!" She giggled. Just then her bladder exploded, and pee streamed out of her panties, jetting out of her tortured pee hole and she quickly flooded her miniskirt and the bottom of the chair, soaking the fabric with her hot pee. She couldn't stop peeing and sitting there, facing the host, her legs facing the audience, her legs spread a foot apart, she was wetting her skirt as hard as she could, peeing violently into her mesh panties, pee streaming out of her and running in streams off the front edge of the chair onto the stage.

"OK guys," she looks out to the audience, "I'm peeing my pants right now, and are you happy?" She giggles again, and turns towards them and opens her legs a bit wider, the entire television audience and everybody watching at home clearly seeing her soaked panties, the mesh fabric becoming transparent as she urinates violently through them. The pee flood is huge, covering the entire chair; her skirt is soaking wet, pee streams off the chair onto the floor as she publicly wets her skirt on TV, showing off how bad she is peeing herself.

Stacey looks at her partner from the third row seat and unable to contain her excitement lets loose her own torrential river of pee into her white jeans. Her white panties began quickly flooding as she wet her pants in the audience, her jeans' crotch hot and soaking wet with her streaming urine while she emptied her bladder into her audience seat as Kristine peed into the chair. Stacey leaned back and touched her soaking wet crotch, felt the pee flooding out of her into the seat, the pee soaking the fabric of the seat and also dropping in trickle streams to the ground. The people sitting next to her don't realize what is happening as their eyes are riveted to the girl peeing herself on the stage.

"Wow, you are wetting yourself!!" The audience is screaming, standing, cheering loudly. Everyone is intently watching Kristine pee into her clothes as she sits in the chair, her legs moderately spread, pee running everywhere. A huge puddle has now formed on the stage under her chair. She stops peeing and the host has been stunned into silence.

"There, are you happy now? I've completely peed in my skirt!" Kristine giggled. She stands up, and turns around to the audience. The back of her skirt is completely soaked and transparent, her blue panties totally obvious through the soaked fabric, pee still dripping down off the edges of her micro mini skirt. Her nipples are firm and erect in her camisole, pointing straight out. Kristine was feeling a huge high, a massive head rush. She sat back down.

"Wow. This is like totally uncomfortable sitting in my wet skirt now!" she giggles, looking over at the host, who is fighting a huge erection in his slacks as he sits in shock behind the desk.

"Uh, oh boy," he replies. He didn't know what to say. He just watched this incredibly hot young tennis player pee herself in the shortest miniskirt he's ever seen and has been rendered speechless by her accident.

"OK, this skirt isn't going to work!" she giggles. She stands up, and unbuttons her skirt and drops it to the floor, and she stands there just in her blue panties, soaking wet, and kicks the skirt away from her sandals with her left foot. She looks around. "Are you happy now, you can see me in my wet panties?" Then, she walks over to the host and turns to him, smiling, and then back to the audience. Standing there, her legs about a foot and a half apart, she empties the rest of her bladder into her panties right there on the stage, pee streaming out of her pee hole, flooding her panties again, streaming directly between her legs onto the floor. She moves her legs together, and then finishes peeing, the rest of the pee now streaming down her gorgeous tanned thighs, rolling down her smooth skin, making shiny marks where it streamed out of her.

She giggles, waves at the audience, picks up her pee soaked miniskirt and walks off backstage, leaving both the host and the audience shocked. The back of her panties is dark with pee wetness and pee drips down her legs as she strides offstage. The audience can't stop cheering and yelling. The television audience got to see most of it, even a brief bit where she stood with her panties on, but the network cut the picture just a few seconds into her pee stream when she started to wet herself standing there on the stage in nothing but her top and her blue mesh panties.

"Okay, wow. Ok, we'll be right back after this word from our sponsors!" The host sighs, and a maintenance man replaces the pee soaked chair while another quickly mops up Kristine's pee puddle off the stage before the television time out is over. Stacey gets up during the time out and quickly walks in front of the people in her row who now clearly see that she too has peed in her jeans, and she rushes up the aisle to the back to the studio and leaves, heading to the stage door to meet Kristine. As Stacey walks, people stare at her wet jeans, the panties clearly seen through the pee soaked denim fabric. She likes the attention and smiles as people look at the girl who had just obviously wet herself in her clothes. 

Twenty minutes later Kristine emerges from the dressing room, a huge smile on her face, her pee soaked skirt back on. She sees Stacey's wet jeans and runs to hug her, pressing her fingers into the wet denim fabric as she does so. Stacey touches Kristine's wet panties, and probes, feeling through the wet mesh fabric, and Kristine tries to pee a few more seconds onto Stacey's fingers. Very much in public, the two girls giggle loudly and hail a taxi to head back to their hotel. As they drove past the front of the studio, they saw a slightly older woman who they thought they recognized dash from the studio building, her long dark hair flowing behind her. About 28, they thought, they knew her from somewhere.

Getting into a cab of her own, the chair umpire rushed into the backseat and instructed her driver to turn on the radio and take her to the hotel that she was staying at. Sitting in the back seat of the cab, wearing the same long light fabric dress she wore the other day, she took a deep breath and began to violently pee in her skirt as the cab rolled through the streets. The driver was totally unaware that his passenger was completely wetting herself back there, pee streaming from her desperate bladder as she urinated into her skirt on purpose, loving the feeling as her panties flooded with her warm pee while it rushed out of her desperate body. She tipped him well as she left the cab, pee dripping down her legs, back into the lobby of the hotel to return to her room.

A smile was on her face; she had just witnessed another huge pee accident from her fantasy pee partner, and had responded by wetting herself daringly in a taxi on the way back. Her heart raced as she took the elevator up to her floor, hoping nobody else would walk on and catch her, standing there in her pee soaked skirt, the pee still dripping down from the wet fabric, droplets of pee still trickling down her legs as she stood waiting as the floors went by.

-----

The network was fined half a million dollars for indecency for showing this incident on national television and Kristine received a reprimand from the women's tennis tour for her behavior.

Within the next two years, Kristine would rapidly climb to #1 on the tennis ranking charts as well as become the most popular female athlete of modern time. While she never wet herself on court during a tennis match again, she and her partner Stacey often planned public wettings, always under the guise of having an accident. The many calendar photo shoots that Kristine attended for her calendar promotion were often wet. It was not uncommon to see Kristine squirming and fidgeting during the shoot and ending up peeing in her bikini or her sexy outfit in front of the photographers, stylists, and people from the ad agency. Stacey always tagged along to any event her partner was at, immensely enjoying watching Kristine wet herself in clothes, always in public.
