Intimate Moments

By Roland

As I've obviously nothing better to do, I'd like to bother you with a new story. But don't worry, sooner or later I'll run out of my true stories. Looking at the length of my stories, you'll see that they are always getting shorter and shorter and you could extrapolate when they will converge to zero ...

I successfully contacted Wet Wayne and he has sent me back a really interesting email. This guy has a much larger data base of observations, facts and figures than I have, and I encouraged him to post his stuff as I did as I strongly feel that we need much more knowledgeable authors on our favorite topic.

Have a nice day!

Roland

***

Intimate Moments by Roland, March 1996

As you know, I as a shy person always restricted myself to a voyeuristic role and only listened to pee (I should better say I'm an "ecouteur"). But there were rare moments in my life when I got involved more intimately into the act of a woman peeing.

When I was 18, I had my first girlfriend, Sybil. One day, she asked me whether it would be possible to witness one of the piano lessons I was taking at that time in a neighbor city. I asked my piano teacher about this and she agreed. The lesson started at 6 p.m. and after having a tee in the afternoon, we entered my car and departed.

When we arrived at my teacher's house, Sybil announced that she had to go (the tee!). I told her not to worry, she could ask my teacher for the loo. But when we entered the house and my teacher welcomed us, I don't know why, Sybil didn't ask anything (and I of course didn't ask, either ;-).

Then I had my lesson which took about one hour. My girlfriend was sitting quietly in a corner all the time and listened to my fight with Beethoven. Though Beethoven absorbed all my attention, now and then I was thinking at Sybil and a romantic, wet dream was trickling into my mind.

When the lesson was over, I definitely expected Sybil to ask for the toilet, but to my surprise and great delight, she didn't. Obviously, she could hold it in better while sitting. (a better explanation of course would be that she was so fascinated with my play that she just completely forgot about those elementary bodily needs ...)

But while walking over to the car, her bladder was again calling for release and she said cross-legged and looking around "O, I have to go so bad!" I tried to persuade her that exactly this location wouldn't be suited at all to relieve herself and I succeeded. I hoped that sitting in the car would help her to make it home, where I had a better opportunity to do my scientific observations, and I continued to talk her out of stopping in the city to find a hidden spot when she addressed her need again.

Then we left the city and I was desperately trying to keep a funny conversation alive to distract her mind from her bladder when she spotted a deserted parking area ahead. "O please, stop there, I can't hold it any longer" she was begging. I finally couldn't refuse her wish any longer, turned right, stopped the car and Sybil dashed out.

I shut down the engine to reduce air pollution and opened my window a little to get fresh air in. The night was calm, I could hear the chirping of the crickets loud and clearly . A moment later, I didn't hear anything else than her torrent of pee hitting the grass behind my car.

I looked at my wrist-watch. 10 seconds ... 15 seconds ... 20 seconds ... 25 seconds ... 30 seconds, then the stream was dying out. Taking into account her strong flow, this was quite a lot for that petite girl. Actually she was the smallest girlfriend I ever had, only about 162 cm, but a talented pisser ...

"Ooo, this was sooo good", she said when she returned and entered the car. I only smiled at her and suppressed any kind of dumb questions e.g. why she didn't ask my teacher a.s.o. as I definitely wouldn't encourage her to do "better" the next time.

That she really had a large bladder in comparison to her body size I learned a few weeks later. One evening, we were sitting in the upper floor of our old house and enjoyed studying old photographic albums of my parents and grand parents.

"Is here a loo?" she asked suddenly and I realized that she hadn't been since we were together, that is since nearly 12 hours. "Yes, of course" I replied and guided her to the toilet at the upper floor (for my fans: exactly the loo where some years earlier I had that funny night encounter with Beate while watching the stars).

With a sigh of relief she entered the loo. I heard the usual rustle of her clothes, then her squatting down and with a lovely splashing sound she started to lower her high water level. When the second-hand of my wrist-watch passed the 30s mark, I heard her giggling. Obviously, she was amused about the amount of liquid she'd held in. After 45s, she finally stopped.

"There's no one drop of liquid in my body anymore", she said when she returned to our albums. "Why?", I asked innocently. "I'm flowed out totally, I thought it wouldn't stop", she answered.

I've forgotten what I said then, but I can recall very well the beautiful sex session we had afterwards. That's how well my w/s inclination did fit in my sex life. The girls never were aware of the real cause of my sometimes outstanding performance in bed. But doesn't matter as I always found out that when you do a good job, you rarely get asked: "Why did you ..." (The opposite is true: when you fail, you get the embarrassing questions: "Why didn't you ..." ;-).

But the most intimate experiences I ever had were the following:

When I was just married a few years later, we and another couple decided to spend our holidays in a cottage in France. At that time, we both couples tried to make babies and as we were (and still are) very close friends, we had a lot of fun in openly exchanging verbally (!) our experiences of doing that (for instance I was amusing our friends when I, always the amateur scientist, was bothering my wife in the early morning by measuring her temperature to exactly get the right moment to target my gun ... but that's for alt.sex.make.babies).

We never cross practiced sex, but looking back, I'm wondering how close we were at the border to exchange experiences nonverbally. The wife of my friend, Susan, was a very attractive, long legged, dark haired beauty with a pair of firm ... you know, and as erotically charged as I was, I had a lot of wet dreams also of Susan. I'm sure, we all had similar, though never outspoken wishes. There may be a lot of things in our genes, but definitely not monogamy (but that's for alt.sex.darwin.promiscuity).

Sometimes, but too rarely, a dream becomes true. In this case, a particular wet dream of Susan.

One day in the afternoon, I was in the bathroom washing my hairs when I heard somebody hurrying upstairs. It was Susan. When she found me kneeling to the bath tub, she asked me, cross-legged, fidgeting and holding her crotch:

"Would you bother when I would relief myself, I have to go so bad, I can't wait any longer?"

I told her the truth: "No problem, don't mind!"

Knowing that she was so desperate gave me the first wave of a strong erotic feeling. She pulled down her pants, squatted and she started with a loud hissing sound. She re-adjusted her stream a little to lower the noise, but I could hear her clearly though I continued to rub my hairs full of shampoo.

"I haven't been since the morning and I've drunk too much coffee with the farmers", she explained, and we continued to talk about her visit of the farmer's family, the owners of our cottage. To have a chat while peeing is quite normal, but with a man in the men's room. To have a chat with a peeing woman was a real new experience and I got more and more horny.

I continued with my hair wash but was fully concentrated on what was going on behind me. I, always the amateur scientist, was wondering how she would perform and when she were going to stop.

For those cases when I couldn't use my wrist-watch to time somebody, I've developed a method by counting in mind "Twenty-one, twenty-two, ..." and are able to time quite accurately this way. An alternative method is counting my heart beats as I'm able to feel inside my heart beats when I don't move and my personal frequency is a fairly constant 70 beats per minute (provided that the girl isn't too exciting ;-). But in this particular case, both methods failed because I was too much distracted by our ongoing conversation.

"It won't stop", she suddenly said, obviously slightly amused by the amount of liquid she'd pent up. "You've plenty of time" I replied (or something like that) feeling the next stronger wave of arousal but trying hard to appear as normal as possible despite the large bulge in my pants.

It's hard to say, but after about 45 s she stopped, wiped, flushed, re-dressed herself and left the bathroom. I was considering to use the bathroom facilities to get rid of that bulge in my pants but decided to spare the orgon energy for my wife and left the room, too.

A couple of days later, on the way back home, I had my first, and up to now my last, group pee experience. After a long leg on the Motorway, somebody (I've forgotten who) came up with the proposal to have a pee stop. I as the driver spotted a rest area which bordered at a small forest. We (particularly our ladies) preferred outdoor pissing. I slowed down, turned left and stopped, then we left the car and entered the grove.

Normally, the gentlemen would go into one direction, the ladies into the other, half a mile apart. But not in this case. I and my friend selected our favorite tree, closely followed by our girls who squatted down a few steps behind us.

Nearly at the same time, we all let it go. Slightly aroused by that intimate situation I started to get a hard on which throttled back my stream a little. We continued to chat and I enjoyed very much the background melody of our girl's hissing noise from behind.

Unfortunately, the chat again distracted me from timing us but we all had pent up a lot and it took quite a while. My standard question "Who has the larger bladders, men or women?" came into my mind. As a matter of fact, the ladies outperformed us. First, I stopped, then my friend, then my wife, only Susan was still peeing. Obviously, she wanted to finish too and started to squeeze out her last piss exactly at the moment when I turned round after having stowed away my prick.

Since that moment, a marvelous picture is etched into my memory for ever: Susan, seductively smiling at me, squatting, the delicate skin of her lovely shaped ass, and that thick, yellow jet shooting out of her before she finally stopped ...

The end

