Title: Water Music

By: Bill

Professor Jacoby was in front of the class, droning on about Plato and Metaphysics. My mind was wandering, more concerned about the philosophy of the sex potential in this college classroom than about the stoics who have not had sex for a thousand years.

The class was full, only one seat vacant. The word was out that Jacoby was an easy "A". Just show up for class, pretend to listen attentively, and do your assignments.

About twenty minutes into the lecture the door opened and a late student entered. I recognized her. We had chatted a few times while standing in the espresso line. Her name was Lisa.

Lisa was standing by the door, obviously uncomfortable by being late and not seeing an available seat. She was about 5' 8" tall, around 140 pounds, and proportioned exquisitely. Her dark brown hair and milky white complexion were contrasted beautifully by the khaki shorts and pink tube top she was wearing. Her full breasts with their perky nipples were accentuated by the tight confines of the tube top. My eyes drifted downward and stopped at her midriff. Her belly button was peaking out between the shorts and top. My visual excursion continued to her crotch which showed a faint outline of her pussy. Then there were the legs; long, strong, and supple. What an exquisite sight! Absolutely mouth watering.

When I finally came out of my trance I remembered my manners. I raised my hand and motioned to her that there was a seat next to me. She immediately came over, sat down, and thanked me. Her scent wafted over me as she passed by. It reminded me of fresh Spring flowers.

She asked me if she could copy my lecture notes and I told her I would give them to her after class. About that time someone walked by outside carrying a boom box playing some really obscene music.

Lisa said, "I don't understand how anyone could listen to that noise when there are such wonderful selections from the classics."

I agreed, and was struck with a dynamic idea at the same time.

After class Lisa and I met at the espresso bar, of course, to exchange notes. I had noticed her fidgeting while in class and the reason become apparent now.

Lisa excused herself and said, "I have to pee real bad. I'll be back in a minute."

My thoughts went rampant. I tried to visualize what it would be like to watch her pee. I felt an intense stirring in my groin and knew that I had better shift thoughts before I became an object of unsolicited attention.

When she returned I gave her my notes and we chatted aimlessly for a few minutes. It was now time for me to spring my ingenious idea that I had formulated in the class.

I said, "Lisa, there is going to be an outdoor classical music festival this weekend. Would you be interested in going with me."

I could have fainted when she said, "How exciting. I would love to."

When I picked her up on Saturday she was wearing the same khaki shorts and a maroon babydoll top. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. My mouth started to water all over again (among other things).

It was a two hour drive to the concert. Occasionally I would glance over at her creamy legs and try to envision where they ended. Then my thoughts would travel back to her urgent need to pee at the school. It was almost more than I could stand. And stand is exactly what I was doing. I had a raging erection that would not go away!

When we were about half way there I noticed that Lisa was beginning to fidget again. I knew right away what it was. I had seen this same scenario in class the other day. Lisa had to pee!

She never said a word about having to go, and I, being a perfect gentleman, didn't say anything either. When we arrived at the concert Lisa excused herself and made a mad dash to the port-a-potties that were set up for the function. I needed to pee too so I waited outside while she went in. I could faintly hear her piss splashing in the water. I didn't think she was ever going to stop.

The sounds of her pissing had excited me to such a level that I couldn't pee. There I was, standing with my fully extended cock in my hand, bursting, and couldn't go. It was a few minutes before my cock finally relaxed enough for me to go. Ahh, relief!!! As horny as I was, it was almost like having an orgasm.

The concert was in a huge, freshly mowed field, totally devoid of any trees or shrubs. There were probably 300-400 other people already there when we arrived. We found a nice level spot to unfold our blanket just about in the middle of the crowd. The orchestra was set up about 150 feet away in front of an old barn.

I had put together a picnic basket with assorted goodies: wine, bread, cheese, wine, smoked salmon, summer sausage, wine, strawberries, apricots, and wine. Oh, and of course, bottled water.

I asked Lisa if she was hungry and she said she was famished. So we dug in.

After about an hour had passed, and after consuming two bottles of wine and two bottles of water, Lisa started to look uncomfortable again. She just couldn't sit still. Finally, she said she needed to pee again and set off for the porta-a-potty. Unfortunately, I couldn't go with her. I had to stay and guard the stuff. The entire time she was gone all I could think of was the sounds that I heard while she was pissing earlier. I felt that familiar stirring in my crotch once again.

Lisa returned in about fifteen minutes. She was frantic!

She said, "It seems that the concert promoters didn't send the check for the porta-a-potties, so the company has collected them all and left. There is no place to pee!"

Lisa sat back down on the blanket. She was really squirming around now. She asked me if usually washed the blanket after a picnic outing and I said that I always did.

A few minutes later I noticed a dark stain appearing behind Lisa, spreading out on the blanket. My first thought was that we had set the blanket down on a wet spot on the ground. Then I saw the stain spreading around her firm, round butt and up the back of her shorts.

I realized, Lisa had wet herself. She was watching the orchestra and listening to the music as if nothing had happened. It was ironic that Handel's "Water Music" was playing at that precise moment.

The thought of Lisa wetting herself right in the midst of all those people, and them being none the wiser, really turned me on. I had a raging boner again! In fact, I was afraid that I was going to cum right in my pants.

Unfortunately, I really needed to pee too. I had never pissed in my pants before, but I thought, "If Lisa can do it then so can I!" I really had to push to get it to start. My cock wanted something else to cum out of it. When it finally got going I could feel the warm piss spreading out on the inside of my right leg. It was exquisite! I was wearing shorts and I noticed that the piss was starting to run out below my shorts leg. I quickly put my legs together. All this did was expand the spreading to my other leg.

I moaned slightly as the piss exited my engorged cock. It felt soooo good!! Lisa must have heard me because she looked over. I know she could see the dark stain spreading over my shorts, and now on the blanket.

She was not as discrete as me. She asked, "What did you do?"

I said, "I believe the same thing that you did."

We just looked at each other and smiled. We both sat there, among the throng of people, soaking wet, and drank more wine and water.

In a short while Lisa said that she needed to go again. I asked her if I could sit in front of her while she pissed. She was ecstatic and quickly spread her legs and adjusted herself so that I could get in front. I nestled right in with my butt up against her crotch. Then I leaned back against her. I could feel the sharp points of her erect nipples in my back. I knew then that this scene had excited her as much as it did me.

Then she let go again. I could feel the warm liquid spreading down the back of my shorts and then up my back. I didn't ever want to move again.

Of course I did move. I had to pee again. Lisa asked if she could sit in front me this time. So she did. By this time my erection had moved from my shorts leg and was sticking straight up. The tip of my cock was almost extending out of my shorts. When I let go the piss squirted out of the top my shorts and all over Lisa's back. Now she was moaning. She loved it!

What I found to be equally exciting was the fact that we were sitting with all of those hundreds of people and none of them had a clue as to what we were doing.

When the concert was over we just sat there, and waited for the crowd to leave. We were both too wet to get up!

After everyone had left, Lisa asked, "Would you like to watch me pee?"

This is a dream come true! She stood up and slipped put of her shorts. She wasn't wearing any panties! I was still sitting on the blanket, too dumbfounded to move. She moved over to stand in front of me. Then she spread her legs. Her pussy was about six inches from my face. A soft musky odor wafted over to my nose. Her pussy was fabulous. It was shaved clean. Then, without warning, still standing, she let go a torrent of piss right into my face. The gush was so strong that it stung a little. This just added to my already peaked desires. As she finished it just kept dribbling out of her pussy. I reached up and spread her lips. I could see the piss trickling out of her hole. I put my mouth right over the hole and sucked as much of the remaining juice out of her that I could.

I was out of my mind with passion when she asked if I would pee on her. I stood up and slipped out my shorts. When I looked up I noticed she had taken off her top. Her breasts were awesome! She got on her knees in front of me and grasped my already throbbing cock in both of her hands. It was more than I could take. I shot a load of cum all over her face and breasts. Then she took my still erect cock in her mouth, and sucked and licked until she had gotten every drop. Then she told me to wash the cum off, with piss.

It took a while, but I finally started to go. As she pushed her face ever closer, I showered her with piss. There was a stream of piss and cum running off of her face, over her breasts, and down between her legs. I noticed that her hand was massaging her pussy and she was starting to moan. She had an orgasm that lasted for at least a minute.

It took us hours to get back home. We stopped the car about every fifteen minutes and played "Water Music".

This was an experience to last a lifetime. Fortunately, Lisa and I still see each other about once a week. So, I have a lifetime experience every week!

