Title : Melanie's Rain of Terror
	Category : F desp Date : Jul 1998 
By : Dan (Source : WetSet)

It was a cold rainy day as Melanie was taking the train back from work. She had straight reddish brown hair with a chin length bob, a very cute, pretty, and adorable looking face. She was very curvaceous and voluptuous with a killer body. It was a pretty long train ride home. She had planned on meeting a friend at her apartment after work. She had loaned a camera to her friend and needed to get the camera back since she was going away with her boyfriend that weekend.

She also hadn't seen this friend of her's in quite a while and was looking forward to having a chance to see her and spend some time with her again. Towards the end of her train ride, as what often happens with her, she started to feel the need to pee. But at this point, she didn't need to go too much and figured that she will just use the her friend's bathroom when she gets to her apartment. She got off her train stop and proceeded to walk to the bus stop where she needed to take the bus to her friend's apartment. The feeling for her need to pee was increasing ever so slightly as she was walking outside. It was such a dark dreary rainy day. 

She really wished she could just go right home to avoid dealing with this weather. But this was the only time that she would be able to meet with her friend and pick up her camera. So she proceeded to wait for the bus to go to her friend's apartment. The bus came within a few minutes and it took her about 10 minutes to reach the stop to her friend's apartment. When she got off the stop, she needed to walk several blocks up a steep hill. As she was walking up the hill, the feeling for her need to pee was increasing more and more.

She really didn't need to go too badly at this point, but it was reaching the point where she was starting to feel a large volume of pee building up inside her. She was just looking forward to making it up the hill and making it to her friend's apartment. First of all, she was pretty excited about seeing her friend since it had been quite a while since she had seen her last. Secondly, she was really looking forward to taking shelter from the awful rainy weather that she was in the middle in. And most importantly, she was looking forward to going upstairs and using her friend's bathroom right away.

She eventually made it her friend's apartment already having her mind set on meeting her friend and on peeing within a couple of minutes. She walked inside the doorway and rang for her friend's apartment. A few seconds later, she heard a male voice say, "Who is it?" She recognized that this was her friend's father and that most likely her friend wasn't home now. She answered, "It's Melanie." He answered back, "Just a minute." Melanie was expecting for her father to buzz her in to come upstairs. But she didn't hear any buzzer and was wondering why her friend's father hadn't buzzed her in yet. She was expecting to be let in right away and was especially looking forward to being let in since she had her mind set on peeing.

But the buzzer still didn't ring to let her in. About a minute later, Melanie saw her friend's father come off the elevator. He quickly went to the door and handed Melanie the camera, and then very quickly and abruptly walked back toward the elevator. Melanie was a little taken back by this. She was about to ask him if she can come upstairs to use the bathroom, but it seemed like her friend's father was busy right now and didn't want to be disturbed. While she did feel somewhat of a strong urge to pee, it didn't feel too urgent at this point, and figured that she could wait just a little while longer for her to get home to use the bathroom at her own place. So she decided not to ask to use the bathroom there and started walking back towards her bus.

As she was walking back away from her friend's apartment, she suddenly realized that her need to pee was a lot greater than she had just previously felt it to be. The more she walked away from her friend's apartment and the more she walked toward her bus stop, the stronger the urge to pee would become. But it was coming very quickly. At this point, she started having doubts as to whether she made the right decision by not asking to use the bathroom at her friend's apartment. She thought that the feeling to pee would pretty much remain the same, if not just a little bit stronger. But she was not counting on the feeling to increase this much so fast. The fact that she was cold and wet from the rain didn't help too much either and just added towards this feeling. But she figured that the bus would come within a few minutes as it usually does from that stop and that she would be home within several minutes to use her bathroom there.

When she was a block away from the bus stop, she suddenly got a very strong urge in her bladder, a very heavy and intense feeling in her bladder telling her that her pee wanted to come out right NOW! At this point, she really needed to tense up her bladder a great deal since she felt that this was the only way that she could hold in her pee at this point without peeing on herself. As a result of this extreme heavy pressure weighing down on her bladder and her tensing up her bladder muscles, this made it more and more difficult to walk. She was just another half block away, but every step became an extreme effort. She needed to focus on every step she was taking, pushing herself to walk, at the same time being careful to tense up her bladder a great deal so she wouldn't pee on herself. As she approached the end of the block, she noticed that the bus had just arrived across the street at her stop and was letting people on.

She was very tempted to run across the street to make sure she would get that bus. But she had a red light and this wasn't the safest street to cross against the light since it was a major street with fast traffic constantly driving in both directions. She also needed to pee so badly at this point that she felt as though she would pee on herself if she tried to run. But she still looked for an opportunity to jaywalk across the street. But she didn't see an opportunity where the traffic was clear enough for her to cross safely.

At this point, she waived her hand up to the bus driver hoping that he would see her across the street and wait for her to cross. But there was no such luck since the bus driver wasn't looking that way at all. She was really hoping that her light would turn green and that the bus's light would turn red so she could cross safely before the bus departed from that stop. But there was no such luck since the bus driver let on the remaining passengers from the stop and then proceeded to depart from the stop, going through his green light, making the turn around the corner and leaving her behind.

Her light turned green right after the bus went through and turned the corner. She immediately crossed the street and went to wait by the bus stop. She was a bit frustrated about just missing this bus, especially because of the circumstances where she was cold, wet, miserable, and tired. And most of all, she was extremely desperate for a pee at this point. This was the worst time if any to just miss a bus. She knew that it would be about 20 minutes for another bus to arrive. At this point, Melanie was absolutely bursting to go and felt as though she needed to focus all of her energy on tensing up her legs and bladder in order to prevent herself from having an accident on herself. She is someone who has amazing control, but this particular situation was proving itself to be almost unbearable even for her.

She was in pain and agony at this point, and needed to constantly tense up her legs and keep switching and dancing, leaning from one leg onto another. There was a torrential downpour coming down now which made this an absolutely miserable experience for her. It was one thing for her to have to pee really bad, but the fact that it was so cold and raining so hard just compounded the situation even more. She was very cold and wet and absolutely desperate for a pee and didn't have an umbrella to protect her from this cold downpour.

Her bladder was absolutely bursting at this point, feeling like her pee was pushing to make its way out very strongly right by her entrance. The feeling just wasn't letting up, but was just getting stronger and stronger. There was a bench to sit down on at her stop. But she felt like she couldn't sit down since she was afraid of moving and shifting her body position for the fear that this very shift might make her lose control and make her pee on herself. There was no place in the immediate area where she could go to to use the rest room.

She knew that there was a diner a couple of blocks away and considered trying to walk up there to run into the bathroom. But she was in such dire desperation that the very act of walking made her feel as though she might lose control and she felt like she needed to push all her control on standing still and squeezing her bladder and legs together as strongly as possible. She was just really hoping and needing for that next bus to come as soon as possible, but knew that it would still be a good while longer since she had just missed a bus a few minutes earlier. All of these factors happening together at the same time at the worst possible time proved to be a grueling experience, factors that she just wasn't able to predict would happen in advance.

She really thought that her friend was going to be home and really had her mind set on using her bathroom. But that was not the case. Every other time that she had the urge to pee like she did earlier, she almost always was able to hold it in for a long period of time without it increasing too much. But today, it increased very fast in such a short period of time, in such a way that she would never predict she would have to pee so badly so quickly. Every other time she walked to this bus stop, the bus always came for her in a couple of minutes. She had never just missed the bus before and then needed to wait a full 20 minutes for the next one. This was the very worst time for this to happen since she needed to pee.

Oh so badly! What she had just previously thought would be an easy quick ride home turned out to be the exact opposite. She had simply thought that she wouldn't need to go too badly, and that she would be home in several minutes. But the exact opposite took place. She now had to go extremely bad, and the amount of time it was taking to get home was such a great deal longer than she had ever predicted possible. And with the horrible cold wet rain coming down on her, it proved to be such an excruciating experience for her.

The feeling of that wet cold rain coming down on her caused her to shiver such a great deal. She was shaking a lot now both as a result of being so cold and wet and having to pee so bad. The cold wetness was just adding to her already extreme desperate feeling of having to pee so bad. The sights and sounds of the rain didn't help much either and also added to the excruciating pain of her bladder. She saw the big puddles that were forming with the heavy rain pouring into them while hearing the loud pitter patter of the rain falling into these puddles.

She saw and heard the heavy stream of water that was falling and gushing down the hill. Right by the bus stop, there was a storm sewer where the water was heavily falling down there making strong splashing and gurgling noises, the noises that were so familiar to her since it sounded so much like when she would pee into the toilet, especially a big pee that she was feeling right now. All of these sights and sounds were providing such a strong power of suggestion to pee very strongly and heavily right then and there and this made the feeling even more extreme and intense.

She tried very hard not to pay attention to these things, but it was absolutely impossible since she was completely surrounded by it and absolutely couldn't ignore the excruciating feeling of her desperate need to pee where she felt she was absolutely bursting to go at this point. She started to breath many shallow deep breaths and started moaning with puppy dog sounds as she was frowning and making puppy dog eyes. She felt herself on the verge of tears. It was just oh so painful for her. She needed to go so badly and there was absolutely no place she could go.

She just really needed that next bus to come right away. More people eventually started waiting by the bus stop. So at this point, she felt like she needed to make it look a little less obvious about how badly she needed to go. A couple of feet away from her, there was a guy who starting drinking a big bottle of iced tea. When Melanie saw this, she had to immediately turn away since this in itself was providing too much power of suggestion of getting filled up with liquid. She was filled up enough.

She didn't need to see this and just made her feeling worse. A couple of minutes later, that guy started pouring out the rest of the iced tea from his bottle onto the ground just a few feet away from her. It made long loud splashing sounds on the ground when he did this. Her seeing and hearing this was even worse and she immediately kneeled down to keep her legs together as she stared with very wide eyes and gasping.

She immediately walked away from this and walked up to the curb to see if the bus was coming. It was tough to see way off into the distance since it was so dark and foggy, but she did see something way off into the distance which she thought could very well be the bus. She stood there a few moments longer to continue to see if in fact that was the next bus. Just then, a big van came speeding up the street driving right next to the curb where she was standing, and the van ended up delving right into a big puddle of water in the street which caused the puddle to splash and shoot up into the air and splashed directly and all over Melanie.

This completely shocked her and threw her off guard. The water absolutely drenched her all the way through her gray wool coat down to her black pants and black boots. The water felt so very cold and caused her to have such an extreme reaction. She felt her body immediately tense up and convulse from the extreme cold and dampness that just immersed her entire body, she opened up her eyes and mouth very wide while gasping in a deep breath.

At this point, she took many deep fast shallow breaths, "huh, hh, hhh, hhhh, huh" while her eyes were completely closed. Just then that extreme feeling of cold dampness made her body feel like it was going to completely push out in all directions and cause her to absolutely explode all of her pee that she has been holding in for so long so strongly. She had to react very quickly to this and tense up her body with all her might. She gasped in a very deep breath as her eyes and mouth opened up very widely with a complete look of shock and horror, and then she literally had to hold her breath for several seconds as she put her complete effort in resisting the urge to push out.

She wanted to scream so loudly right now, and had to literally place her hand on top of her mouth in order to prevent this from happening. She held her breath a few more seconds, and then soft and very high pitched yelp, "owwwwwwwwwhghghgh!" as she was muffling it with her hand. She immediately followed this with cringing up her face and hitting her leg and knee and then stomping on the ground very hardly as she shook her head up and down. A couple of minutes later, the bus did come, and she very quickly got on the bus. As soon as she got on the bus, she noticed that another one of her friends was on the bus who said to her, "Hey Melanie! What's up?"

Melanie just responded by saying, "I have to go to the bathroom SOOOOOOOO BAAAAAAAAAAAD!" Her friend thought this was pretty funny and chuckled at her. Melanie got really pissed and said, "It's not funny! I really have to go! I'm about to freakin explode!" Her friend asked, "Why didn't you just find a place to stop off somewhere?" Melanie responded harshly, "There was no place to go and I just missed the damn bus and that stupid bus driver didn't wait for me!" She ended up taking a seat, and at this point, her feeling of desperation was absolutely bursting, excruciating, and absolutely wrenching.

She felt like she was going to pee all over herself any second now. Her pants were already drenched with water to the point that even if she did pee in her pants, it wouldn't make much of a difference how wet her pants would get. But she still really did not want this to happen at all. But the wet drenched feeling in her pants did make her feel all the more that she was going to make her pants even wetter if she did not get home soon. As the bus was driving back, it did stop at the place where the diner was.

She thought for a few moments that maybe she should get off right then and there to run into the diner to use the bathroom. But she realized that she would still be several blocks away from home and didn't feel like walking home the rest of the way or waiting for another bus in this horrible cold wet weather. So she decided to stay where she was and not get off. But as soon as the bus pulled away, she started having doubts that maybe she should have gotten off the bus right there since she felt that she was way beyond the point of bursting.

The pressure she was feeling was so intense, she felt like her pee was at the very entrance of her vaginal opening, it was burning and painful, and this feeling was spreading all through her sides, up her stomach, down her legs, and was really starting to hurt her back as well. It hurt so much even to breath. There was just a couple of more stops left until her stop came. Each stop built up the anticipation more and more for her to get home to her own apartment where she could use her own bathroom.

The increased anticipation just added to the feeling of wanted to let it out more and more. The feeling became so extreme that at one point, she raised her hand in the air while opening up her mouth and taking a deep breath in and holding it, and slammed her hand down onto the seat next to her three times very hard. Then she took her other arm, raised it in the air, and swung her arm across herself and punched the window quite hard. At this point, she noticed that other people noticed her doing this, and then made an effort not to be so obvious now. She just sat there leaning all the way forward, squeezing her legs together with her hands with all her might. There was just one more stop to go. She was hoping that nobody would ring to get off at the next to the last stop from her so the bus could just get to her stop as soon as possible. But sure enough, there was an old lady who rang the bell requesting to be let off there.

There was just one more stop to go. But this was taking a while since the old lady was taking a while getting up and walking to the front of the bus. Before she got off, she started talking to the bus driver and asking for directions to get somewhere. This was getting Melanie very upset and aggravated and panicky. She quickly yelled out, "Come on! Let's get going!"

The bus driver immediately turned to her and said with a nasty tone, "Excuse me! Can't you see I'm giving the old lady directions? You don't have to be so rude!" Melanie just responded by lifting her hand towards the direction of his face, and just screamed out, "Whatever!" The bus eventually made it to her stop where she quickly gathered up her stuff and started to stand up to get off the bus. But as soon as she stood up, she immediately felt a very strong increase of pressure on her bladder and needed to hesitate for a moment and move slower than she wanted to.

When she got off the bus, she felt as though she could barely move. Her apartment was right across the street, and she was very tempted to just run as fast as she could to get there. But she just couldn't do that. First of all, her light was red and there was way too much traffic to cross just then, so she had to wait for her light to turn green. There was a gigantic puddle right next to the curb. She wanted to jump over this puddle, but felt that if she jumped, that this motion would put way too much pressure on her bladder on the landing and cause her to pee all over herself. So she tried to take as long of a stride as possible to step across the puddle. But since she had short legs, she wasn't able to make it across all the way and ended up stepping into the end of the puddle and splashing herself with even more water. She was trying to make it across as quickly as she could. But she just couldn't walk fast.

She felt like she couldn't even move now, and every step was slow with an extremely strong effort with her absolutely keeling and bending over at this point. She was in such a rush as she was walking across the street that she didn't even notice the really big puddle that was right next to the curb and ended up stepping directly into the puddle very hard and deep and ended up splashing herself all over her pants all the up to her thighs, butt, and crotch. This startled her and caused her to trip ever so slightly over the curb and she felt as though she just dribbled into her pants. But she wasn't sure if the wetness that she felt on her crotch came from the puddle or from her. She was just a few feet away from the door of her apartment.

When she got to her door, she felt like she barely had any strength to move at all. She needed to quickly go through her black bag in order to find her keys, and was having trouble finding it right away as what usually happens with her. But this time, it was even more difficult since she was shaking and rushing, and scrounging around to find them. Just then, someone snuck up from behind her and jumped out and tickled her from behind and screamed out, "HAAAAAAAH!!!!" Melanie was very startled and immediately screamed out in a very high pitch, "AAAAAAAAAH!"

She turned around, and she saw that it was her boyfriend. She immediately started hitting him screaming, "Don't do that!" This immediately followed with her once again opening up her mouth and eyes very widely as she keeled over in pain. Her boyfriend was concerned about what this was about yet was also quite curious.

He said, "My God, what's wrong? Oh, let's see, you must really have to go to the bathroom badly now, don't you?" Melanie responded, "Just help me get my keys out and help me inside right away! I'm serious!" But her boyfriend didn't quite realize the severity of how badly she needed to go and started goofing around with her by pushing down on her lower stomach as he often liked to do when she had to pee. But she immediately smacked his hand away violently screaming, "Don't mess around now! I swear, I'm going to pee all over you!" But he just said, "Well, maybe I might just like that."

But she failed to see any humor in this now and just responded even more harshly, "I'm serious! Don't screw around now! I'm about to pee on myself!" Her boyfriend very quickly realized just how badly she needed to pee and suddenly became very concerned since he had never seen her this way before. He very quickly helped her find her keys and unlocked the door. As they walked though the door, Melanie was trying with all of her might to walk to her door, but was absolutely keeling over at this point and could barely walk. Her boyfriend helped her stay up and encouraged her to keep walking.

He put his arm around her lower back and told her to put her arm around his neck. This helped keep her up and to continue walking to her door. With her other hand, she grabbed his other arm and squeezed very hard. This made her boyfriend very concerned and sympathetic, yet at the same time caused him to feel quite stimulated and caused him to get an instantaneous erection. They eventually made it to her door where her boyfriend helped her to open up the door. She immediately threw down her stuff onto the floor and immediately started walking toward her bathroom. One of her cats got in her way right then and there where Melanie screamed out, "Not now! Get out of my way!" Her boyfriend helped by growling at the cat which always scares the cat away anyway.

As she was walking to the bathroom, her boyfriend was following her there. Right as she got right next to the bathroom, she felt herself start to dribble and squirt into her pants. She very quickly got into the bathroom where the very sight of the toilet made her feel as though she was going to completely explode into her pants and onto the floor right then and there. She wanted so badly to take her pants off and to just explode into the toilet, but felt like she was afraid to use much strength to unbutton her pants and didn't feel like she had the strength to do so. Her boyfriend immediately helped out by unbuttoning her pants and then helped to pull down her pants along with her underwear. She very carefully sat onto the toilet where she wanted to absolutely burst.

But what happened is that since she was so very heavily tensing up her bladder for such a long period of time, that she was having trouble relaxing her muscles to let all her pee go. There she was, she finally made it home and onto the toilet. But she still felt the same feelings of pain and agony since she was unable to let it all out right then and there. Her boyfriend reminded her that it's okay now and to just try to relax.

He began massaging her a little around her neck and shoulders. For about half a minute, she wasn't able to release anything and complained about how much it hurt and felt frustrated about how hard she was holding it in for so long, and after all that not being able to let it go right away. Her boyfriend tried to help out a little bit by turning on the faucet slowly. This helped out a little bit as Melanie started to slowly dribble out her pee into the toilet. A few seconds later, the stream started becoming stronger and stronger.

And before long, she was literally gushing out her pee very forcefully. The forceful gushing continued for about another minute and a half. She finally finished up with some final soft pushes and squirts. She felt so relived now and was so thankful that she was able to make it home without peeing herself. She still felt a little bit of pain as a result of tensing up her bladder so intensely for so long, but mostly felt very numb and relieved at this point. She thanked her boyfriend out for helping her out there and for being so compassionate.

Her boyfriend felt a lot of stimulation and excitement from seeing Melanie go through all this. Yet he also felt a great deal of pity and sympathy for her. She explained to him about what happened on the way home, about how her friend wasn't there and how she had just missed the bus. Her boyfriend became so sympathetic and said, "Oh, poor Melly, why do you do this to yourself? You should have just asked her to use the bathroom when you had the chance. I hate to see you go through so much torture." Melanie responded, "I didn't think I would have to go this bad. I thought I would be okay. But I'm okay now. Thanks, sweety!"

