Title: Irish Coffee
	Category : F & M desp, wet Date : 11 Jun 1998
By: Alura L

He certainly is sexy, that's for sure. Just my type: gangly, long-fingered, tousled reddish brown hair, scruffy and tattooed - a bad boy to the bone. The way he tickles those ivories is positively obscene. He puts his mouth close to the microphone and murmurs incomprehensible lyrics to the bluesy chords, giving me a languorous, slow, suggestive wink and a wicked lopsided grin. Sipping my third whiskey-laced coffee, I wonder what he's singing about. It sounds X-rated, but maybe it's just the Irish accent.

Needless to say, I'm drunk, mesmerized and in the mood for all sorts of bad behavior. My divorce was final this afternoon. Seven years of marriage to an unimaginative, computer-addicted Harvard grad has apparently not killed my libido; if anything, it's in overdrive tonight, making up for lost time.

My bladder filled to the brim an hour ago and is now threatening to overflow, but I'm deliberately ignoring it because my sexual excitement is so intense. I just want to enjoy this without interruption, although it's getting more and more difficult as coffee and alcohol collect in and weaken my already over-stretched bladder.

I squirm on the barstool and cross my legs tightly, affording the musical Irishman a nice view as my already short black skirt rides up even further. My top leg wags rhythmically along with his thumping chords, a high-heeled red shoe dangling from my jiggling foot. I lean back against the bar, giving my sheer blouse the chance to strain across my lace-covered breasts and gap ever-so-slightly around the buttons. He licks his lips and heaves a throaty sigh into the mike before groaning a few more muddled words, shifting his position on the piano bench as if increasingly uncomfortable. I notice one hand leaves the keyboard to make a quick adjustment down below.

My lower parts tingle unbelievably as I imagine his scratchy face as close to them as it is to the mike right now. The rhythmic squeezing of my leg becomes more urgent as two kinds of pressure build; I feel like I'm already on the verge of orgasm. The throbbing protest from my bladder just intensifies my arousal. Wouldn't be surprised if there's evidence of my naughty thoughts on the barstool under me; my tight, satiny panties are positively drenched with a slippery, musky lubrication.

Three Irish coffees in ninety minutes. My reason has gone out the window. My bladder screams for relief, but I just cross my legs the other way and shift on the stool, pressing downwards to keep the tide in check. The response is a warm, pulsating surge of pleasure.

The pianist is staring at me nonstop now; I slip a hand between my legs and push my other hand through my hair nervously, glancing around to make sure I only have an audience of one. I'm not sure I can hold on much longer; in fact, standing up may end it all for me. As I press my pubic bone into the barstool again, my hand squashed tensely between my thighs, I feel tremendous surges of pleasure and pain mingling in that one spot.

My mouth drops open as the throbbing grows; I gasp softly as a powerful tremor shakes me from underneath and I squeeze the tops of my legs together as aggressively as possible. It takes all the self-control I have left (which is not very much) to keep from screaming at the astonishing orgasm. Good thing the place is practically empty; I must be quite a spectacle.

I look directly into the performer's eyes in the aftermath. He's abandoned singing altogether as he fumbles for a premature ending to the tune, muttering a hasty "Good-night-and-thanks" into the mike before he ducks off the bandstand and heads in my direction.

As the tremors die down, I feel a warm pulsating replace them as my bladder starts to relax. A few little drops of pee dribble through my swollen clit. It's sheer agony. I want to let it all go - but I don't even dare move from the stool at this point.

My piano man has reached me, pushing close to my seat and brushing my ear with his whiskers, "The name's Tom Maguire. My God, lady, what are you doin'?" I smile, feeling stimulated again by his proximity, his scent and the smoky burr in my ear. "You are unbelievable. I practically came in my pants durin' that last song; couldn't even remember what the hell I was singin'."

"Practically?" I ask teasingly, brushing casually against his fly as I turn toward him. There is an unmistakable hard-on bulging in my direction, and a little damp spot near the zipper. He groans and pushes it against my leg. I lean toward his ear and whisper, "My panties are absolutely soaking." As I say that, my bladder swells angrily and pushes out another dribble of pee. I gasp and shove both hands between my legs, biting my lip and rocking to fight the wave of urgency.

"Would you stop that now?" my new friend moans, smiling wickedly. "I have to whiz like nobody's business, and I can't manage with a hard-on like this."

"You have to pee?" I ask.

"God, yes, like a racehorse. I had a couple of quick ales at break time and they went right through me. If it weren't for you I'd have pissed myself onstage about half an hour ago."

Somehow this revelation makes me even randier. "You know what?" I murmur, leaning toward him wantonly.

"What?"

I lean closer, my hand pressing wildly between my legs as I breathe into his ear, "I have to pee so bad I'm afraid to stand up!"

Tom bites his lips and grimaces; whether it's in reaction to my confession or his own need, I don't know. "You mean you'll … you'll wee if you …?"

"I've already peed a little bit in my panties. The only thing between me and disaster is …" With a nervous nod, I indicate my position.

My skirt has ridden up so high it's practically a belt, but no one's looking except my horny Irish friend. A glimpse of satiny panties is visible where my hand is crammed. He gazes upon the sight wonderingly, his mouth slightly open in anticipation, then quickly inhales and crouches slightly, hand urgently clutching a spot on his lap. "Oh Christ," he mutters between his teeth, smiling in some kind of perverse enjoyment. "The only reason I didn't head straight for the john was I was afraid you'd leave."

"I'm not going anywhere," I say breathlessly, "except perhaps all over the floor in about five seconds. If I move, I swear I'll wet myself."

"So, we're in the same boat, are we?" He studies me, agonizing in more ways than one, then suddenly scoops me up in his arms and carries me swiftly down the hall. It's so abrupt I don't even have time to protest; it's all I can do to not pee all over him. I twist my legs together in a double knot and squeeze with all my might. I don't even see where we're headed until we're actually in the storage room at the back of the pub. He sets me on my feet, jarring my aching bladder, and grabs himself to prevent his own accident. "How long can you wait before you wee in your pants?" he asks hoarsely, jogging in place.

It's a challenge, all right. His obvious desperation is turning me on enormously, in spite of the alarming signal from my own lower regions. I feel warmth radiating from my tautly clenched muscles; a couple of pleasant pulses push a little more pee out, but I'm so swollen that I feel I have more control now. "Not very long," I say casually. "How about you?"

"Depends on you." Tom leans against the door with deliberate calm, pushing it shut with his back, then studies me. His own need is apparently temporarily under control as well. "I've got such a hard-on I don't think I could squeeze out a drop. At first I thought you had to take a leak, which made me have to go even worse - then I thought you were havin' it off, which turned me on unbelievably. Well, whatever it was, it gave me the biggest woody I've ever had." His breathing is jagged and his eyes gleam wickedly as his hand strokes the granite-like protrusion near his fly. In a husky voice he purrs, "I wanna see more."

"I'm pretty, um, worked up myself," I manage to utter, although another agonizing wave is hitting. To distract myself, I wander over to a utility sink. Bad choice. The faucet is dripping steadily and my bladder wants to follow suit. I bite my lip and reach for the faucet handle to turn it off, but Tom moves quickly to grab my hand. He looks at me teasingly as I crouch and squirm, my muscles weakening as the persistent drip encourages their relaxation. I feel myself about to lose the battle - already! - as a significant gush further dampens my panties. There's enough this time that some actually spatters on the floor between my feet before I regain control.

Tom watches me smugly, his hand still on the faucet handle, until he hears my splattering and glances down in triumph.. Before he can gloat, his face falls with comic suddenness as he abruptly turns the handle himself - the wrong way. It blasts on with such a suggestive explosion that we both crouch simultaneously and assume the appropriate position: I with both hands crammed between my urgently crossed thighs, biting my lips and jiggling like Jell-O; Tom clamping the wet bulge in his jeans with one hand and reaching for the faucet with the other.

He manages to tweak it off just before his own faucet starts to gush, erupting through his desperately clenching fingers before he can get his zipper down. He manages to finish up his piss in the sink, but his pants and the bottom of his shirt are very thoroughly soaked. "Shit!" he growls. "I can't believe it!"

Maybe it's the alcohol, maybe it's the tension or the situation or the glow of victory… but suddenly I start laughing helplessly. I'm out of control in no time, still in my ridiculous hold-it position … which is quickly rendered useless by the intensity of my laughter. There's no mistaking the breaking of the barrier at last; I move my hands from between my thighs and spread my legs, still laughing like a maniac, as pee bursts through my panties and puddles around my high-heeled shoes. Giving in completely, I hike up my skirt above the panty line, then yank the crotch of my panties aside as the pee gleefully makes its unencumbered escape.

Tom is gawking at me open-mouthed again, his still dribbling dick in his hand. His grip on it tightens as he watches me laughing and peeing and throwing all attempts at dignity and control to the winds. I crack up even further at the sight of his rapidly growing erection, and more pee spurts out in response. He gives himself a few fierce strokes and groans longingly, then one final stroke and he's off, the stuff squirting straight at me, hitting me squarely between the legs on my soaked panties.

I stop laughing, stunned. After a couple of dripping, hard-breathing moments, Tom mumbles an embarrassed apology and fumbles for some paper towels, which he applies to my ruined panties. I moan softly as the pressure of his hand pushes against my over-stimulated vulva. Hearing this, he exerts a little more pressure as he strokes me. A warm ripple of satisfaction shakes my body and a final gush of pee drains out like a sigh. He finishes toweling me off, then eases my tight black skirt back down into place and adjusts my blouse. "Can't see a thing," he whispers reassuringly.

I glance down at his pants and shake my head. The wetness is substantial, spreads partway up his shirt - and could only have come from one place. "Can't say the same for you," I whisper back anxiously. "What are you going to do?"

He looks down for a long moment, then deliberately removes his pants, underwear, shirt and all and throws them in the sink. Standing before me, gloriously naked, he turns on the faucet again, soaking his clothes completely, then wrings them out as well as he can and pulls them back on. "Well, at least they're uniformly wet now," he chuckles.

He takes my arm and we walk boldly out of the storage room, me scattering a few sprinkles in my wake, Tom squishing loudly and leaving a major trail behind him. "G'night, folks," he calls to the waitresses as we walk briskly out the door into the warm summer night.

--------------------------

They live happily ever after? No, I think more is needed...

