About a week ago, my girlfriend Jenny and I decided to go to a small–town outdoor country music festival. The way it was advertised was that music would be going all day and well into the night, with vendors selling food, arts & crafts, and the like. Jenny and I are both into country music, and are kind of the outdoorsy types.
I fell in love with this girl a couple years ago when we were seniors in high school. We had flirted around for a couple of months when a mutual friend finally hooked us up. I couldn't believe my luck that this slender, athletic blonde country girl wanted to hook up with me.
It only took us a few months to get intimate– at our senior prom, no less, and we soon found out how sexually compatible we were. About 6 months into the relationship, Jenny confided to me that it turned her on a great deal to be absolutely bursting for a pee, and let fly outdoors.
Of course, this revelation sent me into a new stratosphere of pleasure, and we soon contrived how to get her in various situations of desperation and relief. One stumbling block though, was that the girl was a camel. It took a while to get her desperate in most situations. So we both decided that this all day music festival was the perfect place to have her dancing for a wee all day long, and have her desperately piss in various places. She promised to drink as much as quickly and continuously all day that she could without throwing up.
Before we left on the 30–minute drive to the adjoining town, where the festival is held, Jenny made me stop and buy her 32 ounces of water and a Gatorade. The water was gone halfway to the town. We had both agreed that she would be pounding a mixture of water, Diet Coke, Gatorade, and beer all day, rotating to what tasted best at any given time.
Also, we both agreed on a peeing schedule. Based upon Jenny's body's processing of the fluids she took in, we both agreed on the 10–step scale. She'd let me know when 5 arrived (when she would usually think about finding a restroom if she was with strangers), and we'd start seriously heading for some cover at 8 (she said this was when she was desperate enough to get horny). We thought that at that stage, the couple of minutes we spent looking for an appropriate spot would get her to 10 (when the seams start leaking and a waterfall is soon coming).
As I paid the parking attendant for the parking pass, and raised my window back up, Jenny signalled the arrival of the 5th stage. And she cracked the Gatorade bottle, and started drinking the 32oz. bottle of Gatorade. As I wheeled into a parking spot about 200 yards from the main stage (I told you this was a pretty small town), I saw Jenny take down the last swig of Gatorade. It was 11:30 AM. A quick check of the status revealed she was at about 6, and climbing fast.
I knew that it was going to be one hell of a day, and that it was going to get started pretty quickly. Since Jenny didn't have any food in her stomach, she was able to handle all the fluid. That too was by design. Now I had a chance to really ratchet up the situation. The first vendor that we came upon was the drink vendor. He was conveniently located near the stage, near our parking lot, and near the portaloos. I know how sexy and horny Jenny gets when she's a little buzzed, so I paid the man for what looked like somewhere between 32–64 oz of beer in a "bottomless cup" that could be refilled for pocket change with your beverage of choice.
Jenny kissed me, and whispered that she was now at stage 7. The band that was playing at this early hour really sucked, so we wandered around looking at the other concertgoers for a few minutes. At 11:50, Jenny was about halfway through that first cup of light beer, and made the announcement that I had been waiting to hear.
As we had been walking around, we both were scoping out good locations for the pee shows that were to come. I told Jenny that we'd probably need to check the portaloos first as not to draw attention to ourselves. As she polished off the beer, she readily agreed, and took my arm. The 5–minute walk back to the portaloos seemed excruciating to her, and she told me with about 30 yards to go that 10 had arrived. She was filling up faster today than normal!
We had planned for this event, and she had decided to wear a mid–length loose fitting summer dress. So in this case, her legs and flip–flops might get a little damp, but she'd be able to manage her situations to keep from obviously peeing her pants.
As expected, there were a couple of available portaloos when we arrived, but we had a couple of girls behind us that were going to need one more than would be available if Jenny and I split up. (I had no intentions of splitting up, since I knew the portaloos would be "two–holers," One toilet, and a urinal. I told the rather attractive redhead who was obviously in need of quick relief behind us that we'd share, and she was VERY grateful.
By this time, Jenny was nearly doubled over at the waist, and her right hand was very low on her stomach, trying to provide whatever support she could to her very full bladder.
As we entered the portaloo, Jenny dived for the toilet seat, but I caught her. Immediately sensing what I wanted, she yielded the toilet to my pee stream, and swung around to the small urinal device that hung on the side wall of the portaloo. I heard her yelp as she lifted her sundress and simultaneously started lifting her vagina toward the urinal. She started peeing a horizontal stream with terrific force. She was smiling, and breathing heavily, obviously enjoying every minute of her relief.
When we both were done, I gave her a kiss, and reached down and stroked her pubic area. She smiled and unlocked the door to the portaloo.
We made a beeline for the drink vendor and got her a refill of beer. Of course, Jenny kept her promise. Like a good soldier, she started drinking, not sipping the beer.
So we danced in the street to a couple of warbled slow songs. At about 12:07, Jenny had polished off the rest of that beer. I could tell that the 64 oz of beer had her inhibitions low, because she was smiling that wry smile and pinching my butt during our dances.
12:20 came around and Jenny gave me the 5th stage signal. I didn't want the poor girl to get dehydrated, so we agreed that before she peed for the second time, she'd refill the cup with Diet Coke. We both knew and hoped that the caffeine in the soda would speed up her desperation.
We hung around the stage area with her taking in about half of the soda until about 12:45. At that time, the band finished their set, and Jenny, still about half lit, pinched her left nipple, and whispered, "It's time" in my ear.
We noticed that as the band ended its set, the crowd overtook the portaloos. That didn't matter because 1–Jenny wasn't going to make it at the end of the line and 2–she wanted to get adventurous.
We headed in the opposite direction of the crowd. At about 12:50, Jenny was hobbling past the last couple of vendors. We'd noticed that the town had set up hay bales around the perimeter of the event, and that some of these hay bales were close enough to buildings to set up some cover.
Jenny liked to have dug her fingernails into my arm for about 3 minutes as we waited for a couple to walk on by and get out of earshot too. Jenny hopped over the bale, and sat on the side facing a building. I was her lookout and her voyeur. It took no time at all for Jenny to start hissing furiously. Her pee was coming out in a broad arc from her labia, splashing onto the building wall. She peed strongly for about 20 seconds, which gave her substantial relief, when I told her to shut off the valve.
Smiling, we headed back towards the festival. Jenny said she hoped she wouldn't be breaking the deal, but she needed a little rest. I knew that with the amount she'd already consumed, it would be no rest for the weary, but I reluctantly agreed to let her lay off the fluid for a little while.
She made it nearly 30 minutes before she gave me the 5 sign at 1:30. I kissed her quickly again and told her that she'd have to tank up again before releasing her next torrent. She agreed, and we headed back to the vendor, this time for some free ice water.
The two previous holding sessions must have expanded her bladder a bit, because she didn't give me the 8 sign until 2:15. Which was just about right, because the new band was about to finish a set, and I needed to go back to the truck to check on my cell phone, which I had luckily left charging in the truck.
I say luckily because the time between 8–10 snuck up on Jenny. We made it back to the truck at about 2:30. She was already bouncing from foot to foot, with her right hand slipped tightly between her pussy lips as I opened the door to the truck.
I heard her say "Shit" as I unplugged the phone, and I glanced back in time to see her squeeze between my truck and the truck I parked next to. We both were facing a wall of a building. With the two trucks and building as guards, Jenny was able to find sweet relief very privately. I gazed as she assumed a position similar to a shortstop waiting on a ground ball, with her sundress raised to her hips. A sharp stream fell from between her legs, pounding a hole in the grass. This kept up for the better part of 20 seconds, with a little mound of foam appearing where her stream was hitting the ground. I saw her drop her head and rub her shaved vagina discreetly.
We headed back to the festival, dropping by to refill her with soda, and to get my own cup of soda. I could tell that Jenny was at once completely turned on and hot, and kind of tired, so we decided to just sip the drinks. She had already given me more than a lifetime's pee memories, so we just cuddled up and listened to a pretty good band until about 4:15, when she gave me the 5 signal again.
At this point, the crowd had gotten fairly big, and the portaloos were pretty jammed up permanently for the rest of the night.
It had been a couple of hours since Jenny's last desperate piss, and she was off the buzz, so we decided to get her another large cup of beer.
We headed back to our listening spot, and she intently sipped the beer through about 3 songs and about 4:30, she gave me the pleading "I'm bursting" look once again.
We took off in the general direction of the portaloos and the truck, but we didn't make it far. Jenny froze, and for a split second, lost control. This one (being beer I guess) had really taken her by surprise. She looked around in total surprise and desperation, seeking desperately for some cover. As I pulled her between a couple of cars, she whispered to me to hand her my cup. In a completely quick and unprecedented move, she, while I was covering for her, started staring at a mural, and stealthily slid my giant drink cup up between her legs, and pinched it there with her thighs.
Since the music was playing, noone could hear her gush into the plastic cup, and we both stood there like we were admiring the mural. Jenny looked like she was on some sort of hallucinogenic drug as her eyes rolled into the back of her head as her torrent turned into a nice relaxing stream into the cup. As the last few people walked by for a while, I saw Jenny reach under her dress, support the cup for a few more seconds, and daintily remove it from between her thighs. She had pretty much filled it and quickly poured the evidence down a nearby drain.
As she came back from pouring her hot cup o' pee down the drain, I took advantage of a lull in the passers by to passionately kiss Jenny, and slip another finger to her. It took about 15 seconds of dealing up the right buttons, but it looked to me like Jenny had a small quiet orgasm.
Per her request, we bypassed the drink vendor this time, and headed back to our listening station. The band totally rocked, and took our minds off of the theme of the day for a while. At about 6 PM, we decided that it was time for her to have a bit more fluid. We discussed the pros and cons of each beverage, but Jenny opted for another beer. I was elated, because with her level of saturation, beer would produce many more memories!
Jenny, still having a good time and being a good soldier (and wanting to get frisky) absolutely pounded the beer. 6:30 arrived (only 2.5 hours left in the concert) and Jenny gave me the 5 sign. On one of our earlier pee breaks, I had noticed that the portaloos were set up near a steep hill at the edge of the town.
We set out for more liquid, and some relief. At about 6:40, Jenny told me she was at 8, and we needed to jet. But I stopped by the drink guy again, and got her a Coke. Although at first she was visibly upset and my command to drink half the Coke before she peed, she relented, and not having much time to spare, started drinking. As we arrived at the portaloos, I sensed her urgency.
To keep up appearances, we got in line, but it was all for show. Jenny was bouncing from leg to leg and holding herself. I leaned over and suggested we head behind the line of portaloos. She immediately agreed, and took my hand.
Since it was getting pretty dark, it was relatively private there. As buzzed on suds as she was, Jenny didn't need any directions. She dropped into a low squat and shot a neat arcing stream over the hill's crest. It went at least 10 feet! After 15 seconds or so, Jenny was panting, and breaking the stream up by rubbing her clit furiously.
After she was done emptying her bladder, she took in a deep breath and stood up. The sight of that golden goddess standing next to a late sunset took my breath away. When she smiled her approval at me, we embraced and decided to head back home. It was seven o'clock, and we couldn't wait to get our hands on each other.
Although we had decided to leave the festival, we knew the game was still afoot. We walked back to the drink vendor and procured Jenny her last large cup of soda. She later confided in me that she hit 3 or 4 while we were in line. With soda in hand, we headed back to the truck. I knew the road back was very rural, with absolutely no place to pee.
By the time we'd buckled up, and I backed out of my space, Jenny smiled at me with the straw in her mouth and said "Five, big man." Incredibly, she was 3/4 through with the Coke. I was immediately hard as a rock, and knew the trip home was going to be memorable.
Not 5 minutes down the road, I saw Jenny tuck her left ankle and foot under her butt. I recognized this posture as I had seen it many times before. That's about the 5–10 minute signal.
As we continued down the road, she told me that she had reached 8. I continued driving, knowing she wasn't going to make it home.
I have to give her all the credit in the world. The poor girl started quivering, and holding her vagina with one hand and head with the other. She continued with this for 5 more miles.
At that time, she started biting her lip, and humming. Both her hands were shoved between her legs, holding on for dear life. I loved seeing her like that so much, I reminded me of how much I loved her, and I gave into my compassion for her.
She was lucky, because I knew of a side road that leads to a secluded field nearby. She later told me that the minute between my telling her I was going to pull over and actually stopping was at once the most painful and most erotic of her life.
So it took about a minute and a half to get stopped. It was barely enough light left out to see, and we were completely secluded. Jenny wasn't moving except to shallowly breathe.
I got out of the truck, and went around to the passenger side with an idea. I opened the door to her visibly weeping, and moaning/grunting. I quickly slipped out of the shorts I was wearing, and lifted her from the seat. Once I got her standing, I told her to hold on for dear life as long as she could, knowing it couldn't be more than a couple seconds.
I straightened her out, and lifted her right leg to my left hip, as to make her vagina accessible. She was bleating, shrieking and gasping as I slid my penis into her. She opened her eyes for the first time in minutes just in time for me to look lovingly in hers and tell her to find peace.
She turned her face away and wiggled unsuccessfully for a few seconds. The extra support given by my penis made starting difficult. I did't dare move a muscle, since I was buried within her. But then it happened. She took in a tortured breath and started saying "ooooh" and I felt it. At first it was a general sense of spreading warmth. Wanting to facilitate my baby's relief, I adjusted our angle to allow her to lean back.
And lean back she did. A gush of hot urine started flowing over the lower part of my stomach, around my hips and down my legs. It continued that way for about 15–20 seconds, and eventually became a steady stream. When her brain began functioning on some level other than complete bladder evacuation, she started instinctively thrusting her hips. It only took us both around 10 seconds to come to the most brain–sizzling simultaneous orgasm ever.
Now that Jenny was completely empty and satisfied, and I had blown a huge wad, we looked lovingly into each other's eyes and kissed.
We then cleaned up with some napkins from the truck, got dressed and headed home. Once there, she had to pee a couple more times that night (we didn't let it get very desperate from here on out), and we played around with it in the backyard and house. A couple of lovemaking sessions later, we retired from the most mind–blowing day I've ever had.
By: P–Dawg