Lunambra 2-6

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Six - Remember

The door to Baeden's chamber flew open, crashing into the stone wall. A guardsman jogged in, breathing heavily from the effort of running in his armor. "My Prince, there is a...problem," the guardsman said softly. Marina looked up from the sheet she was pressed into, seeing the armored man standing in the doorway with a worried look on his face. Prince Baeden was leaning back on his bed beside her, but sat up at the man's words.

"What is it? Speak plainly," Baeden ordered.

"Knights Ryder and Finn were on a border run. When they reached the peak of Lom's Hill, Ryder spotted flags approaching from a vast distance away, from the south. Upon looking through a spyglass, they saw that it is a small army from Jarkan, and they drag siege engines along with them. There are no towns or cities between us and them...they come for Lunambra."

Marina saw the change instantly. During their first days together, she learned of Baeden's ability to transform between a sweet, loving man to an unstoppable crusader of wrath within the blink of an eye. He was on his feet faster than she could even track, and he stormed out of the chamber, slamming the door behind him. The guardsman looked awkwardly to Marina. She was stretched out along the bed, obviously on the receiving end of some very recent and energetic sex. Her right breast was hanging free of her loose burlap shirt, and her long skirt was pulled up, her womanly parts showing in the open air. She slowly closed her legs, never taking her eyes off of the guard.

"I will say nothing," said the guard. "Tis a Prince's right to bed who he shall, despite what some other royalty may think. If he means to continue having you, please tell him to remember that his door has a lock on it." He pulled open the door and stepped out, and she heard his clunking footsteps retreating towards the staircase. The moment the hall went quiet, she jumped up from the bed and pulled her shirt closed, letting her skirt fall over her legs. She slid out of the door and jogged down he hall and descended the stairs as quietly as she could. Following the wall along to the meeting hall, she flattened herself against the floor and placed her ear against the crack under the door. The muffled voices grew clear, now.

"-Think they have the element of surprise. We know they approach from the south, a simple but effective tactic to avoid our usual watch in the east. We will bring all of our ballistae onto the southern walls, as well as digging out trenches to slow the advance of their siege engines. Nathan, go to the mason immediately and tell him to completely seal off the southern gate with stone, and reinforce the northern gate, though we must still be able to open it enough to fit horses and carriages. You all know how to prepare for a siege, I do not need to say all this, it just wastes time. Get it done."

"Yes, Sir!" shouted numerous men at once. There was a clamor as they all retreated from the rear exit of the chamber and into the barracks. Marina stayed where she was, wanting to be sure they were gone before she moved. Just as she was about to stand, her eyes went wide as she felt something slam up hard between her legs. She screamed at the top of her lungs and flipped over, twisting her legs shut and scrambling backwards. Baeden leaned against a stone column, an apple in his hand and a proud grin on his face.

"You bastard," Marina started. "What do you think you're doing, frightening me like that?"

"I could ask you what you are doing," Baeden argued, "laying outside a private meeting with your skirt up and your cunt out for anyone to see. You already gave that guard a brilliant sight."

"I didn't know it was showing," Marina whispered, standing up and patting her skirt down. "You didn't have to kick me there, though..."

"Oh it was barely a tap, I've given you worse poundings than that in bed, all of which you seem to have greatly enjoyed."

"Well, you seem to be in good spirits now anyway," Marina said. "You are confident that we need not worry about this attack?"

"Aye," Baeden confirmed. "Their armies are weak, they rely on their technology and siege engines to claim small cities, and turn the civilians against their kingdoms with promises of great wealth. It's almost humorous that they think their tactic would work here, every civilian is fed and housed, and our army is greater than any in a thousand miles in every direction. Their siege will fail at the first trench as we rain ballista fire on them. Their engines broken, they will retreat before they risk losing too many of their already limited men."

"And the citizens will be safe?" Marina asked.

"Well," Baeden started, "there is always a chance of a stray catapult stone landing somewhere it shouldn't. But this is no problem, it is common knowledge that in the event of a siege, all noncombatants are to seek shelter in the treasury. It is buried under twenty meters of stone, nothing can ever penetrate it. You will be there, along with all the other women and children of the city, until I deem things safe."

"That many people in a small room cannot be pleasant," Marina said.

Baeden grinned and looked at his feet. "You could say that. When I was a child of twelve, I was kept in there for nearly a full day. As you know, we used to have a problem with natural gas explosions beneath the castle. One of them killed my father when I was only a baby. Anyway, when I was twelve, a series went off that sounded exactly like catapult fire. Everyone thought we were under siege, and all the women of the castle and many from the city were brought into the treasury by guards. I have a feeling that this event is the cause of my...er, quirks. My fascination with women holding their pee as long as they can, and so on. After a few hours down there, beautiful, noble ladies started wetting themselves on the floor with absolutely no other place to go. Watching them squirm about, watching how they chose to relieve themselves...

Some went through their underclothes to preserve their shame, while others disrobed, squatted, and went freely to avoid wetting their dresses. Over the time I was in there, everyone in the room had lost control of their waters. I watched at least fifty different women and girls do it in fifty different ways, and by the time the treasury door was opened, there was nearly an inch of it on the floor and I couldn't feel my cock. Since then, I've been unable to get the thing out of my mind. Every Princess I've been with, I wished with all my heart that I could just tell her 'Hey, there's nothing I would love more than if you could drink three liters of water and stand here 'till you piss yourself,' but obviously I could do no such thing. This is part of why I love you so much, that you understand this about me and enjoy it yourself."

"Did you?" Marina asked suddenly.

"Eh?"

"Did you wet yourself, down there in the treasury. I find it hard to believe that you outlasted fifty adult women when you were just a child."

Baeden grinned. "You should know this by now, Marina. Men cannot relieve themselves when they're excited, and I was ever so excited the entire time. When I got out, I was in such pain that I was sure my bladder had burst and I would soon die from it. I somehow made it up into my chambers, and with the slightest touch, I got off for the first time in my life. And then I soaked the floor."

"The first night we made love, you lost control inside of me. Were you not 'excited' then?"

Baeden's face went red, which was a very rare phenomenon for him. "I, uh..." He frowned, absentmindedly pulling on the neck of his shirt.

"Tell me...please," Marina begged, staring cutely into his eyes.

"Bloody hell, fine," Baeden snapped. "Before the ride back home, when my mother pulled you away to scold you about her sword, I started leaking when I climbed into the carriage. I was not going to make it. I did the only thing I could think of, I..."

Marina was listening intently, and she squinted at him as he stopped the story. "You cannot stop now. Tell me what happened." She pressed herself up against Baeden, pulling the sides of her shirt down to reveal her breasts.

"You are a real vixen, you know?" Baeden sighed. "Alright. I was about to wet myself on the carriage floor, so I took my cock out and tried to get it hard so I couldn't let any out. I got a little too into it and ended up having to shove it back into my pants as I..."

"Oh, mmmmy God," Marina gasped, her mouth opening in an astonished smile. "You got off in your pants. Oh that is great."

"I pissed myself a good bit too. My underclothes held most of what I leaked out, and thank God it was dark by the time anyone else saw me. Men need some time between pleasures, and when we were making love, I was not all together yet. So now you know how I managed to pee while we were going at it."

"You've gotten me all hot now," Marina moaned, pressing her breasts up against Baeden. I know you must prepare for the attack, but you won't leave me like this...right?"

Baeden looked up, feigning uncertainty. "Mmm, we've got time." But first, do you remember what happened to you? What made you like what I like?"

"Well," Marina started. "I only realized it after I met you. But I think I might know where it started. The story is not very dissimilar to yours. Six years ago, I was only a girl, I was locked in a closet by another servant who was trying to get closer to the Queen by making me look bad. I had a water barrel in there, and I went at it generously. Obviously I was bursting in a couple of hours, and I was pressing my hands between my legs and rubbing at it when I realized that it felt kind of nice.

I did some very unladylike things over the next hour after that, and soon I really couldn't hold it anymore. I was freaking out a bit, leaking in my pants, and in my squirming I accidentally knocked a stone loose in the floor. I managed to pull it out and I weed through the hole there, it just went into the dirt. Finally a guard heard my shouting and let me out. The girl who locked me in there was stripped, clapped in irons, and chained outside the castle all day. She pissed herself twice, in front of everyone, which amused the hell out of me..."

"Where was I for all this?" Baeden asked with a chuckle.

"I remember, actually. You were out on a hunt with the Senior Knights. Nobody told you about it?"

"No, I would remember that," Baeden said sadly. "I would have liked to see it."

"If you like, you can chain me up in your room and watch me do the same," Marina offered with a smirk.

"I would like that," Baeden agreed.

