The Piano Player
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Stefan

Translated from German to English by WhizLiz

Sabine is a young, good looking and very talented piano player who has been trying for years to become a member of a highly-regarded orchestra. She has recently given up her job as a secretary. She also teaches piano privately and plays occasionally for private functions.

One day Sabine came home from shopping and found a letter in her mail. It was from the orchestra. She opened it hastily and found that it was an invitation to audition. She was beside herself with joy; at last the long awaited opportunity had arrived. The audition was on Wednesday morning at eight o'clock. Well, the fact was that as she was not working at the moment she had got into the bad habit of not getting up before ten in the morning but that shouldn't be a problem.

For the next few days all she could think about was whether or not she would succeed. She was very self confident and was sure she would manage it, well almost sure. On Tuesday evening she set her radio-alarm for six o'clock so she would have time to prepare herself. However in the night there was a short interruption in the power supply just for a few seconds but it was enough to upset the alarm. She wasn't sleeping well however and woke early or at least earlier than usual. She looked at the clock and a flicker of alarm went through her. She looked at her watch and it was five to seven! She only had 5 minutes to wake up, get ready and go. Luckily she had at least noticed or otherwise she would have slept through the chance of a lifetime.

She went first to the kitchen and put the coffee on then went quickly into the bathroom. By the time she had finished in there several cups of coffee were percolated and ready. She poured some milk in to cool it so she could drink as much as she could and went speedily into the bedroom to get dressed. When she was dressed she went back into the kitchen to drink the rest of the coffee, without thinking anything of it other than that she must somehow wake up. By the time she left her apartment it was quarter past seven and it would take about 45 minutes to get there by bus and streetcar.

It was exactly eight o'clock when she got to the concert hall. In the third row were 5 people (3 men and 2 women). One said, "Ah there you are. Now we can start." On the stage was a grand piano lit by a strong spotlight. Today Sabine was wearing a nice blouse with a decent cut and a narrow grey skirt which reached to her knees and had a split which went halfway up the front. She wanted to wear dark tights but she had had no time this morning to put any on. She was very nervous and worried and it got worse as she recognised the man. He was a very famous pianist and as he was judging she would have to do her very best despite the fact that her stomach did not feel too good: possibly from nerves but also probably from too much coffee.

She sat herself at the piano and a voice in the dark hall said "We have prepared a couple of pieces for you that we would like to hear. Please start."

She had no problem with the pieces, she could play everything so she started and after a while her stage-fright left her.

From the hall she was very clearly visible, the lighting was very good from all sides -the disadvantage for Sabine was that it was very hot and she could not see into the auditorium. She played with concentration and feeling but after a quarter of an hour she began to feel something else a bit more unwelcome. The coffee of an hour ago had found its way to her bladder and it began to fill up. To start with it was no problem but as time went on it was disturbing her concentration more and more. It was not clear at what point the concentration would become too difficult.

Sabine was very tense. "Oh why must it happen now?" She thought to herself. "I can't allow myself to be distracted and I must make no mistakes." From the auditorium nothing was noticed, she was perfect and the jury was entranced. The audition normally lasted an hour and a half hour had gone by before it became hard for Sabine. She was devoting all her energy to her performance but it was becoming obvious to her that she had to go to the toilet and that it was rapidly becoming a problem for her. She hoped that at any minute the jury would say she had played long enough but it hadn't happened, at least not yet. She began to slide up and down and back and forth and press her knees together, so long as she did not have to press any pedals. What with the heat and the pressure in her bladder the sweat was pouring down her face.

Sabine had never been in such a situation, she had never had to pee so badly as now and no end was in sight. The minutes passed and so much coffee was in her bladder that she had to force herself to hold, leaning forwards and swaying ever more frequently from side to side. However her performance didn't suffer, she continued to play faultlessly. To those in the hall it was obvious that something was wrong, they could see the tension in her face but the jury was more concerned with how she sounded than with her appearance.

Forty minutes had now passed and there was still twenty minutes of playing to do, but she didn't know that as she could not see her watch. She had to play and she was desperate to pee. She was beginning to despair and she could only think "how much longer - just how much longer, I am desperate!"

Her concentration was strained to the limit, she couldn't take any more; it was now an emergency. She was asking herself if she could continue without mistakes and then it happened, a wrong note and with it came the fear of failure. Sabine could not sit still any longer, she threw herself from side to side and tried to cross her legs but that made her miss a couple more notes. The pressure was now so strong that the faultless play became full of more and more mistakes. She was absolutely desperate, her bladder had filled itself so rapidly that nothing worked any more. She was sweating more by the minute and bounced frantically up and down and threw herself side to side on the stool. Her skirt had ridden up and her bare legs were now visible. It was now a matter of time whether a catastrophe would occur or not. She prayed for the end of the audition but thought it would probably not come soon enough.

She didn't want to stop, she wanted to get into the orchestra and for as long as nothing was heard from the auditorium, there was still a chance she thought. She wanted so badly to shove her hand between her legs or at least pull her skirt down but none of that was possible. Tremulously she continued to play and began to sound like a beginner. She sat on the edge of the stool, she had to to try and control the pee threatening to come out and to prevent the jury from having to witness a 26 year old wetting herself!! She had not thought that anything quite as bad as this could happen. One of her school girlfriends had had it happen but she never thought it could happen to her. She wasn't using the pedals at all anymore, she was shaking so much with the effort of avoiding a total disgrace. Her only thought now was, "Oh my God what am I going to do, I must stop it at any cost, I can't wet myself like a kid...."

"and before an audience too!" She was horror-struck by the thought. Her reckless movements had consequentially shoved her skirt up even higher and made it possible to see the white of her panties. She had very nice legs and it was a very good view.

She was at the end of her tether, on the brink of the worst catastrophe of her life. The jury had left the auditorium only the pianist was still there. He should have left a while ago but he was fascinated by what was happening. Sabine could no longer play properly. Tears were running down her cheeks. Her need to pee was such that her panties were now damp and the pressure came in ever stronger waves. She was on the verge of completely wetting herself which was to her completely unthinkable. She trembled with the effort of holding on at any cost, any thing else was out of the question. Her whole body shook with tension as she leant further and further forward. Her lower body also moved frantically and the pianist was totally aroused by this and had never experienced such a thing before and hadn't realised before how arousing it could be.

Crying and shaking she turned towards the auditorium and shoved her hands between her legs to try and gain some control back but it still escaped. She tried to half stand up but quickly sat down again. She threw herself frantically from side to side and back and forth as the flood of her urine shot into her panties but even with both hands shoved as hard as possible between her legs it was impossible to stop. It sprayed out from between her fingers down her legs and formed a big puddle on the floor.

She sat there with both legs slightly apart, skirt right up and as she slowly removed her hands it was possible to see the urine flowing onto the floor. It flowed for over a minute before it stopped. It had happened. At 26 years old, on the stage, Sabine had had the disaster of her life and, in front of an audience, wet herself like a little girl. She was so shocked and ashamed that she would have sunk through the floor if she could. She stood slowly up as the pianist came onto the stage. She was crying and he handed her a tissue and she said "I am sorry."

He said "Don't take it so hard. At least it shows how much you wanted to join." "How would you like a second chance?" he said and a smile lit her face.

He told her not to go away and disappeared behind the stage and came back with a bucket and mop. She stood up and he mopped the puddle up. Then he said "Come with me" and she followed him to a dressing room behind the stage where there was a bathroom. He showed her the bathroom and the many clothes hanging in the dressing room. She found some tights there which were what she most wanted and disappeared into the bathroom with them.

When she reappeared he was there waiting for her. She thanked him deeply and they arranged to meet after the next more successful audition.

