School was going by so slow. Well, that's what 18–year–old Nicole thought anyways, sitting in her high school chemistry class. Nicole was a dream girl...shoulder length brunette hair that she always had in some sexy position and never wore the wrong way. Always wearing her short skirts with her stockings and high heels...and of course, today, she was wearing one as well. A short pink skirt that definitely wasn't school dress code length, but she managed to keep her fingertips above it and black stockings that ran right up to under the end of her skirt with her black high heels that just went past her ankle. And her cute little top that was way too tight and showed off her 32 C breasts nicely. All the guys watched them bob up and down as she sucked in some air, hoping for a rush of cold air to come into the room. She smiled, knowing that she got all the attention.
She could feel her bladder getting full from all the fluids she drank since she hadn't gone to the bathroom yet. It was almost the end of the day and she knew she'd be able to get home before she got too bad. She was sitting there as she normally did...legs spread, knowing that all the guys wanted to see what she was wearing underneath, but her legs were under a desk and they couldn't see. She loved being a tease.
With about 10 minutes left to class she felt her bladder getting worse and started to move her sexy legs around, crossing and uncrossing them. She almost resorted to holding her pussy like a little girl, but didn't want to embarrass herself. After all, she was a girl who was in control.
Finally class ended and she walked quickly to her locker, wanting to get home right away. Just as she closed her locker, though, her sister Lydie, and a friend of theirs, Chantel, walked up to her locker.
"Walk home with me," she said to them, but they couldn't because they were going in the opposite direction. They stood and talked for nearly a half hour and when they finally left, Nicole leaned against the lockers and slid to the floor, grabbing her pussy to try and keep from pissing herself. She lifted up her skirt to check her panties...cute panties they were, white with "Princess" written across the crotch.
There was a small wet spot on her panties and she gasped, now breathing very heavily and grasping her pussy with all her might. She couldn't believe she was there in high school, but holding her pussy like she was in kindergarten.
Finally she got the courage to stand back up and let go of her pussy. She stumbled her way to the bathroom but found every stall locked. She looked under and noticed there were a pair of feet in only one stall, but not for long, as out from under the stall slipped her friend Chantel, wearing a pair of her tightest jeans and a blue camisole with a white jacket over it.
"Chantel, I need to pee!" Nicole said desperately. A devilish smile spread over Chantel's face.
"I know you do, but too bad– all the stalls are locked," Chantel teased. "I imagine you could crawl under there, but you don't want to take the chance of letting go, do you?" Chantel tickled Nicole's tummy and Nicole pulled away, once again grabbing her crotch.
"There's more than one restroom...I'll go to another one." But Chantel stood in front of the door.
"Aw, but you can't leave. You can try, but since you're holding yourself like a little girl, you're much too weak to fight me." Nicole knew she was right, and that she deserved this. It was her fault Chantel had wet herself a few weeks ago. They had been standing in the hallway and Chantel was in a pair of pink jogging pants and a sports bra, just getting done with cheerleading practice. Chantel said she needed to pee, but Nicole insisted they leave right away to go shopping downtown, so Chantel followed her. But that day they never made it downtown, because Chantel's bladder was so small and her need was so great that they didn't make it out of the high school. They went back into the gym and headed toward the door when Chantel let out a heavy sigh.
"I can't wait till we get downtown," she said.
"Then hurry up and go here," Nicole said impatiently.
"I...I can't make it back to the stall. Oh my God, Nicole, I'm...I'm..." Chantel didn't finish that sentence as Nicole and the rest of the cheerleaders watched in awe as a wet spot started over Chantel's pink jogging pants and slowly spread down her legs and splashed on the floor, making a puddle. Chantel looked at Nicole with watery eyes and ran out of the gym crying.
So now here was Chantel making sure she had locked every bathroom stall and stood in the way of her and her way out.
"Aw, does the little girl have to go?" Chantel teased. "Only little girls hold themselves, Nicole. And only babies wet themselves."
"Let me go, bitch!" Nicole demanded.
"Aw, is that any way to talk to the person who decides whether you wet yourself or not?"
Nicole sighed a sigh of defeat and said, "Let me go, please."
"Call me a princess and kiss my feet." Chantel kicked off her sneaker and pulled off her sock.
Nicole couldn't believe what she was about to do. "Please let me go, Princess." She crawled over to Chantel and kissed her foot. Chantel laughed and then squatted down to talk to Nicole.
"No, I'm not," Chantel said sternly. "I wet my pants in front of all those cheerleaders– because of you. You're going to wet yourself in the bathroom, with nobody watching but me. You better hope nobody sees you when you walk home."
Nicole started to cry, but Chantel wiped her tears away and kissed her softly on the cheek. "It's OK, sweetie. Accidents happen. Even big girls have accidents. Just let go and get it over with."
"I thought you were my friend," Nicole sobbed.
"I am," Chantel replied. "That's why I'm doing this to you." Nicole looked at her confused. "When you made me wet my pants in front of everybody, I got this feeling I never got before. It was so...wonderful. Here, let me show you what I mean."
And again, awe struck Nicole as Chantel's jeans started to get wet around the crotch, and the wetness spread down the inside of both legs to her ankles, splashing on the floor. After she was done, Chantel sat down in the puddle of pee she that she had made.
"Y...you're sick," Nicole said. "That's so disgusting!" A wave came over Nicole just then and she grabbed her pussy really hard as squirts started to come out, making a visible wet spot on the front of her skirt.
Chantel splashed around in her puddle a bit. "It feels REALLY good. Come on, hun, just let it come out. Trust me."
Nicole bit her lip, knowing she didn't have a choice anyways. She let go of her crotch and spread her legs, letting all the pee that was built up in her flow out, some of it going down her stockings, but most of it going under her ass. Nicole couldn't believe how good it felt. Chantel was right! The feeling of the warm wetness going under ass turned her on so much. She stood up and felt it run down her legs in her stockings. It felt so good she almost came then and there. When she was done, she took off her high heels and let the pee drain out of them, splashing around in her stockings in the puddle.
Nicole looked at Chantel and smiled. "I guess I'm the one that's sick and disgusting now." Chantel walked up to her and wrapped her arms around her neck.
"What's sick and disgusting are lesbians," Chantel argued.
"Yeah, they are. It is pretty sick for one girl to eat another," Nicole agreed.
"But we're both sick and disgusting," Chantel said as she smacked Nicole's wet ass. Nicole was already turned on so much and that pushed her over the edge, making her have an orgasm right then. She opened her mouth to scream, but Chantel put her mouth up to Nicole's and they kissed as Nicole had her orgasm.
"Let's go to my house and test out this sick and disgusting lesbian theory," Chantel teased. Nicole's reply was to walk over to the bathroom door and lock it.
"Why wait that long?" Nicole answered. "Besides, I think I need to pee again."
By: Amoeba