Holding At Home
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by aktl on October 9th, 2010 at 5:27PM

So, since I have a break from school I'm staying with my family. They don't know about my fetish, so I have to plan my holdings more carefully. I figured that the only way I'd sleep through the night was if I pee around dinner time. That would mean I'd wake up to a pretty full bladder, but since I usually wake up late during weekends and breaks my parents won’t come look for me all the time. I’m still afraid they’ll find me squirming, fidgeting etc. One day, but if they see you like this in the morning they figure I just woke up with a full bladder and haven’t had time to go yet.

That’s why, 7 hours ago I started holding. However being a Saturday night with the family I often drink more than usual (they can afford a bit more than my student loan allows for). This evening, being no exception, I probably drank twice or three times as much as I usually do. When I finally went to bed my bladder was already uncomfortably full, but I figured I just need to take my mind off the fact. I therefore started to read a book, unfortunately it was a lot of talk about rivers and running water, so I had to stop reading. Instead I tried to watch a film, and it worked for a bit, but then my bladder started to scream for attention again.

I can feel that this could develop into just the kind of holding I like, but my parents are still awake, and I can’t sleep, so I just don’t know what to do. If they see the light under my door they’ll come in, and if I’m pacing and squirming they’ll understand that something is wrong. I don’t know what to do!? If I truly go for it I might squirt my PJ’s, and my mom’s doing the laundry. That would be SOOOOOO embarrassing!

Did I mention that my bladder is bulging? It's probably the second biggest I've seen it! I have to pee soooo bad right NOW!!! Please help me! I don’t know what to do?!

OK. I went downstairs pretending to need some water (like I could possibly consume more water), and my parents had finally gone to bed. It’s only been half an hour since I wrote last, but my really swollen bladder is at it’s limits now, and I squirted a bit on my way upstairs again. It was so hard, because every step caused my bladder to bounce, and a small stain is now showing on my PJ’s. This, however is the stage I really lie, so I don’t want to stop just yet. I have decided to go on for a bit longer, but some encouragement might be needed. Please comment! Oh, my God. Another suirt just came out. This is soon to be getting out of hand, and I hope that’ll happen in the batroom so it’s easy to clean up.

