A Few Good Stories While I Wait
So, I'm sitting here on my day off doing absolutely nothing. Well, not nothing...I'm listening to music and looking at dirty pictures on the Internet. A pastime I don't tell anyone about. I also have a very full bladder...another hobby I don't tell anyone about.
I am so wet right now that my pants are damp, although I haven't actually lost control yet. Really, I've never gotten that far. Whether it's from fear, boredom, or intolerance to pain, I don't know, but I've tried countless times. I always end up giving in and getting on the toilet. Maybe this time...
While I was living with John I discovered this odd (?) fetish of mine. He was telling me a story. It goes something like this: (it is one of my favorite fantasies, so I remember it well even though it happened years ago)
One winter day he was in town doing some shopping and having a cup of coffee. The walk home was about 20 minutes. He left the coffee shop and began the trek. A couple of minutes later, he realized that he had to pee. Deciding he could wait until he got home (famous last words!), he continued on passed the shops, becoming more desperate as he went. 
He told me he considered ducking into a corner but there were too many people around. So on he went. By the time he got to the apartment building he was having difficulty not holding himself and said that he even allowed a couple of quick grabs when he thought no one was looking. He was near panic when he entered the building. 
We lived on the fourth floor and as far away from the elevator as possible. He shared the ride with another tenant, so he still couldn't hold himself and to make matters worse, he couldn't move. He couldn't pace, squirm or do anything that would give away his situation. Finally, the door opened and he got out. He thought he would be able to make it into the apartment if he could only "pinch the hole closed" which is what he did...until someone walked out of his or her apartment... The rest of what must have seemed like a 10 kilometer walk to the door, completely unable to do anything to help alleviate the pain in his full bladder, was spent with his hands clenched at his sides, concentrating on not peeing on the floor right in the middle of the hall! 
Once he reached the door he felt he was home free. This probably gave him a false sense of security, causing him to relax a bit, just enough to seal his fate. He was finally able to hold himself, for a very short time, while he rather ungracefully jammed the key into the deadbolt. Then, he needed both hands to simultaneously turn the door handle one way and the other lock the opposite way. 
Unfortunately for him, while he held on to his penis, the muscles in his urethra relaxed allowing the pee into his penis (this is how he described it). Once the pee is in the shaft, there's no holding it. If the external pressure is removed, there is nothing but an open tunnel, a clear path. So, while both his hands were occupied with the doorknob, it started to come out. He was in an absolute frenzy to get into the apartment, standing there squirming around, with his legs pressed together as hard as possible, and pee coming out into his pants. 
When he finally got into the apartment, he held onto himself again, stopping the accident for the moment. He bolted for the bathroom but found himself still unable to go. He said that he was groaning from the pain by this time. As soon as he reached the toilet he realized that when he loosened his grip to undo his jeans, it would start to come out again. "Fuck!" He said he could feel that it was in his shaft, ready to come shooting out. "Shit!" So he got into the bathtub and took his hand away...
I wonder if he even noticed the fire I felt when we made love that night. I never asked, but I was very interested in how it made me feel and I soon began to masturbate with a full bladder.
I still have to go. It's getting bad now. This is where I usually give up and go to the bathroom. My abdomen is tender and my vaginal muscles and anus are doing a little dance. I like that feeling, it makes me want to touch myself. I want to touch the spot between my clitoris and my vagina. That will send shivers all over my body. I know that if I insert my finger just inside my vagina and rub, it will make me moan out loud. If I bring myself to orgasm it will be very intense and satisfying, but I'm not going to do that right now. I wonder what it would be like to be unable to control it. I want to feel myself let go unwillingly and TRY to stop but be completely unable to. 
I've only come close (as an adult) once. I was very bored in college. It was a private school and anyone who's ever been to one (at least the one I was at) knows it's very easy. Just to amuse myself, I decided not to use the washroom at all at lunch (I usually go twice). By the last period of the day, I was pretty uncomfortable (and very turned on). It was a long class – I spent it feeling the pleasure of the spasms in my urethra and anus but also vaguely aware that it was becoming a problem. I could not hold myself, wiggle or do anything to alleviate my discomfort. I could only squeeze my legs together and hope. 
After class I got into my car and drove home. It was so painful I could hardly stand straight, but I could hold myself at this point and was doing it with relish. I was rubbing myself between spasms and pushing my hand hard into my crotch when it became too much. I was sooo wet. I could feel how slippery I was through my pants. I've never met a man who could make me that wet. 
Once I was safely in my apartment, with the door locked shut, I sat in front of the mirror at first and watched the crotch of my jeans become damp, then wet, then glistening. I stood up and felt the wet heat on my left leg, then right, slowly moving down. It was magnificent! There was a rather large, interesting puddle forming around my feet and the emptying of my bladder was sweet relief. It wasn't a real accident. I let it go willingly.
I am in serious pain right now and my body is actively telling me to find the bathroom, but I think I can hold on. My crotch is dancing around like crazy and I can feel the pee pushing its way out. I'm still OK though. If I sit forward the seam of my jeans pushes into me in just the right spot. I can give my muscles a rest and relax a bit. It feels very weird, though. My body is telling me that I don't have long. I wonder if it'll be like the stories I've read, where some will squeeze out but I'll be able to stop it and hold on even longer. 
I peed in my pants completely by accident when I was about 7 years old. My friend and I were out playing in the snow. I simply didn't want to go in. I don't know how long I waited but when I got into my house it was too late. I stood there and peed into my snow pants. I remember being unable to stop but I don't remember how it made me feel. I wasn't sexual yet so it was probably horror!
I am getting nervous. I can't believe how wet I am. I had to stop for a second to jam my hand into my crotch to stem a particularly severe spasm. I want to take off my pants and masturbate. I want an orgasm.
I told a boyfriend once about my fetish. He and I sat in front of my computer looking at women who had wet themselves. These are the kind of dirty pictures I like to look at. They make me moan, especially when they look real – like the poor woman couldn't help herself. He kept feeding me coffee and water, and wouldn't let me get out of my chair. It wasn't long before I thought I'd pee right there. He took me to the bed we began to fool around like crazy. I couldn't do much, really, because I was so full, but when he'd press on my bladder and I'd almost leak, I'd come closer to climax. He asked me what I was feeling...if I was sore, if I felt like I couldn't wait. I said that I couldn't wait and he told me to pee on him – "it's OK, just let it go, let me feel your hot piss on my body". So I did. I screamed, "I can't hold it anymore" and "Oh god! I'm peeing my pants" and I let go. Wet sex is interesting and I came quickly, far quicker than is usual for me.
I have to go for a walk or something. I don't want to give up yet...it's hard to stand up straight and although bending over with my legs crossed helps, I'm too tempted to give up, so I came back. I'll just sit and type and wiggle while I tell you another story.
Greg was one of the most boring lovers I've ever had. We were together for a month when I realized we had a routine – I'd get to come first – he'd eat me out then mount me and we'd do it missionary – every time. 
Once, he caught me off guard, ready to go. I was feeling horny myself; I had been watching TV under a blanket, on the couch. While I was waiting for my bladder to fill I was playing with myself so I knew that not only was I wet, I'd probably have a killer orgasm. His hot mouth and tongue on my already plump clitoris would be all it would take – no need for foreplay. 
It only took a minute or so...I was pushing on my bladder (I wonder if he noticed) and his tongue kept hitting the perfect spot. The heat started to build to heavenly levels; those beautiful little twinges I get right before I explode began almost right away. The orgasm was one of the best I'd ever had...but my urethra gave way the tiniest bit and I peed right into his mouth. Not a whole lot and he didn't say anything so who knows? 
I had to let a little of my pee out. I am so excited; I just don't want it to stop. Half way through my last story I lost all concentration. I couldn't type or think. My whole being is saying "pee". So I sat perfectly still with my hands clenched and my eyes shut tight. I relaxed just a bit and felt the glorious feeling of urine filling my urethra then filling my pussy. Then I forced myself to stop. It took a lot. Oh, what I wouldn't give to soak my pants, this chair and the floor. My pants are a bit wet but I'm wearing jeans so I doubt that if my roommate were to walk in, she'd be able to tell.
I had a friend in high school that hated taking the time to pee. She would hold it and hold it. When she felt like it was just about to start to come out, she would sit on her heel for a couple of minutes and wait for the urge to subside. 
Once, the bell rang for the end of class and she was the only one who didn't get up to go. When the teacher inquired why she was still sitting there, she simply said that she was about to pee her pants. He said OK and left. I wonder what he was thinking. She managed to get to the bathroom on time that time.
Another time she spent half the lunch hour sitting on her heel. We were all outside because it was a beautiful day. The bell finally rang for us to go back to class but she had to stay in the playing field. She said she couldn't stand up yet. When she finally appeared in the school, she mysteriously had her gym clothes on. She told me later that she didn't make it.
It's taking me considerable will power to not go to the toilet now. I've been suffering with the need to go for about 3 hours. It would feel so good to just let a little bit more out...
Oh, to heck with it...truthfully, I'm afraid I'm going to do some serious damage. I'm going to give up again and go in the socially acceptable fashion. Disappointed? Don't be – I've been doing this for years and haven't succeeded yet. My muscle control is just too good, I guess. Maybe next time...
Meg