Desperate Together
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 24th, 2010 at 1:29AM

So let me tell you that Alec is my boyfriend, and we met on an airplane when I was extrmley despterate.

We started dating after that and found out that we both hvae a huge fetish for desperation. 

So one day, I was at my house, when Alec texted me saying he'd be over in a few hours. I decided I would try to get as desperate as possible for him. 

I managed to drink seven bottles of water. I then began to read a bunch of stories on here. I applied pressure to my bladder, to try and make the urge stronger. 

And with in no time, I was desperate. I continued to read stories and have a few cups of coffee. I grew more and more desperate. 

Less than an hour after I recived the text from Alec, I was already bursting. I could feel the pee at the edge of my bladder. This was when I realized I might have gone to fast, he still wouldn't be here for an hour. So I stopped drinking any liquid and watched T.V to keep my mind off of the insane urge.

Fourty-five minutes later, I was doubled over in pain. But I knew he would be their in fifteen minutes. I may have been crazy, but I drank another bottle of water.

Ten minutes later, I saw Alec's car in the driveway. I stood up and painfully walked and stood in front of the door. I had my hand in between my legs and my legs were crossed. 

Alec opened the door and limped in. Once the door closed, he stuck his hand in his pants and held himself. We both looked at each other and smiled. "You to?" I asked. He nodded. "Lets make this interesting. First one to pee loses." He said. "Deal." I said.

He walked slowly into the living room and sat on the chair. I sat on his lap, applying prussure to his bladder. He winced. After a minute of just staring into each others eyes, a huge wave of pressure attacked my bladder. I reached my hands into my skin-tigh jeans and held myself desperately. As I did this, I felt him get a huge erection. He then took my hands and pulled them out of my pants. He replaced them with one of his hands. I thought he would help me hold it, but he began to push against my abdoman. I let out a little pee, but quickly stopped the flow. I looked into his eyes.

"You don't think i'm going to let you win, do you?" He said to me, I could see his own distress in his eyes. "You wanna play that way?" I said. I hopped off of him. I removed his jean shorts but left his boxers on. He smiled as I moved my hands towards his boxers. But I moved my hands up to his stomach and began to tickle him. He began to laugh but then quickly put his hands in his boxers grabbed his penis. I continued to tickle him. I saw a a little wet spot form on his light blue boxers. He quickly stood up and walked to the other side of the room. He bent over in pain. 

I then remembered my own desperation as another wave of pressure came. I removed my jeans, because it was to difficult to hold myself with them on. 

He turned around to see me in my panties. He smiled and walked back over to me. I removed his shirt and ran my fingers down his abs and applied more pressure as my hand ran over his visibley swollen bladder. It didn't seem to bother him. 

He then took off my shirt. He laid me on the couch and laid on top of me. The pressure on my bladder was to much and I let out a bit more pee. I tried to reach my hand down and hold myself but he was in the way. I managed to cross my legs.

Just as I was about to give up, I felt a hot stream of liquid on my stomach. He quickly jumped up and ran for the bathroom. But I beat him their and stood in front of the door. He stood in front of me doing a little dance. "Please move, you win." He said. I simply said, "No." He then removed his boxers and grasped onto his dick. I removed my bra and panties. He got excited and let out another strong burst of pee onto me. The feeling of the warm pee on my abdomen made me begin to pee again. I couldn't stop this time. He smiled, knowing he was wining. I didn't want to lose, so I stopped the flow just for a second and massaged his bladder. He then couldn't take it and began to piss all over me. I then just let go. We held onto each other wet ourselves. We agreed it was a tie.

