Lunambra 2-5

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Five - Pain

Mary opened her eyes and let out a quiet moan as she felt a soft hand on her breast. She turned her head to her right and saw Queen Jenara, still laying next to her. The Queen was on her back, with her legs twisted together and her right hand on her protruding belly. "How long was I asleep?" Mary asked.

"I would guess a little over two hours, from the sun," Jenara answered. "I hope you don't mind, but I helped myself to your water skin while you slept."

Mary's mouth curled into a peaceful smile. "You really like it, don't you? The feeling of a tortured bladder? It's as you said before, you look pregnant."

"It makes sense, I suppose," Jenara whispered. "All through my youth and adolescence, all through my sexual development, I've been forced to hold my waters for my Queenly training. It's no wonder that I've formed a connection between fullness and pleasure. When I was held ransom, I got more desperate than I've ever been before, but I feared for my life, there was no room for pleasure there. But on my own, or with the...right person, it is...wonderful."

"Doesn't it hurt, though?" Mary questioned her. The stable girl's small hand had made its way onto the Queen's belly, and she was rubbing it gently, not applying any pressure.

"It hurts so much," Jenara responded. "It is a pain unlike any other, being this full. Why I love it, I will never understand...but when I touch myself like this, it is infinitely more powerful than when I am empty. I find almost no interest in sex or pleasure when I'm not bursting at the seams, it just does not feel right to me."

Mary felt herself getting damp again, despite her recent release. "You helped me earlier...is there anything you would like me to do for you in return?"

Jenara smiled at her. "Yes, something that hasn't been done for me since the night of my wedding nineteen years ago. As I lay here, with enough in me to overflow a chamberpot, I want you to climb over me and sit on my belly."

Mary instantly felt her face flush. "I-I couldn't," she stammered. "It might really hurt you."

"I want to feel the pain, Mary," Jenara moaned. "I cannot get enough on my own, you need to help me. Sit on my belly and ride me as you would a horse, do not fear for my safety." Mary started shaking her head, but Jenara reached out both of her hands, her soft, wet hands, and grasped the sides of Mary's head. Before she could even try to question it, Jenara had pulled her into a passionate kiss. Mary gasped and struggled slightly, but the Queen held her there with startlingly powerful arms. Soon, Mary closed her eyes and returned the kiss, feeling Jenara's tongue licking at her lips. "Do it, girl. I want to feel your weight on me, I want to feel the pressure of a person pushing down on it."

Mary just nodded and got onto her knees. She slowly lifted one leg and shifted over the Queen, until she was straddling the beautiful woman. Jenara slid her hands up Mary's thighs and gently pulled down, guiding the stable girl's weight directly onto her bladder. "Are you sure you want this, my Queen?" Mary asked once more.

"Stop teasing me and do it now," Jenara gasped through gritted teeth. "Just let your legs go limp and let me feel this again..."

And so Mary did as she was told. She lifted her legs and sat on the Queen's belly, and she was instantly greeted with an earth-shattering scream of pleasure and pain combined. The Queen's mouth was wide open, and she arched her back so her breasts fell back towards her chin. Mary leaned forwards and grasped the Queen's chest, thumbing her nipples and grinding her womanhood against the Queen's rock-hard bladder. Suddenly, the Queen's arms shot out and grasped Mary's shoulders, pulling her into a tight embrace. They kissed, and soon Mary was licking Jenara's chest as she gasped and shuddered at the weight on her. "Turn..." Jenara choked out. "Turn around and get a finger in me, and rub the inside of it towards the sky. Quickly, please..."

Mary did not hesitate, she placed a hand on the grass beside the Queen and spun around, sitting her weight on Jenara again, to another screaming gasp. Mary felt for the hole between the Queen's legs, and soon her right middle finger was inside and rubbing as fast as she could. The Queen started thrusting even harder, and with a final lurch, she went limp as a long stream of white liquid shot out of her and splattered into the grass under her legs. "Stay there, girl," 

Jenara whispered. "I've only relieved myself outside once before, it takes me some time."

And so Mary sat there, gently bouncing on the Queen's bladder, until she heard Jenara sigh. As suddenly as a bolt of lightning shatters the sky, an absolute torrent burst out before Mary's eyes. She lost her balance from the shock of it, leaning back and falling against Jenara's breasts. The Queen wrapped her arms around Mary and held her there, as they both watched her stream of pee arch five feet through the air. After a minute, Jenara was inside of Mary again, rubbing her to completion before she even finished her relief. Jenara fell back, breathing heavily.

Mary climbed off of the Queen and lay back down next to her, embracing her. "When I lost control, I felt great pressure in my belly and in my privates. But there was no actual pain. I want to feel what you felt someday. Do you think you would be able to train me to contain it for as long as you do?"

Jenara smiled. "I can try."

