Title : Beth's Journey 
	Category : F desp Date  : 20 Aug 2001 
By  : Neil & Rosemary

Beth had only been working as a junior maid for three months when she had to accompany her mistress, Victoria on a two week visit her cousin Florence in the country. Terrified at the thought of such responsibility, and never having travelled beyond Vauxhall before, she knew that any failure would be disastrous. The day they were to leave, travelling by public coach as the master could not spare his carriage and groom, she was awake before dawn, so nervous she was almost sick. To try to calm the girl's nerves, cook gave her an extra slice of bread and dripping, and a glass of milk as well as her tea, for breakfast, saying she would need to keep her strength up for the journey. 

It was only just getting light when their carriage left them at the staging post, a junior footman carrying Victoria's luggage into the yard ready to load into the coach. Their tickets purchased, they were directed to the Ladies waiting room and advised to prepare themselves to depart in fifteen minutes. 

Beth, a skinny girl with pinched features and mousy hair, her pallid complexion a legacy of a hungry childhood in a poor area of London, knew just how lucky she was to get any position in a well to-do house like Victoria's. This journey, indeed the whole visit, was a test she must not fail. Sitting silently in a corner of the waiting room, she looked around at her companions. Two middle-aged women, well wrapped against the morning's chill, sat opposite, and a third, stouter lady emerged from door in the far corner and joined them.

Before the door closed, Beth could see that inside was a crude privy, far from clean from the odour that drifted across the room. How long was their journey? She wondered. Maybe she should use the privy as well? She looked towards Victoria, whose face was showing disgust at the smell. Unless her mistress were to ease herself first, or instruct Beth to do so, she dare not make any move it that direction. Not surprisingly, Victoria turned her face away. Beth could hardly believe that any lady would enter the privy unless the waiting room was empty. She was incredulous when two very smartly dressed ladies of Victoria's age entered and both, in turn, used the privy. She stared at the floor, embarrassed to witness such behaviour.

In the coach, Beth was crammed into one corner against the window, and while this allowed her to watch the passing scenery, it was also the coldest and most uncomfortable seat in the coach. She shivered and pulled her threadbare shawl round her shoulders, hoping that the day would get warmer. In the meantime, she had to try to ignore the cold and stare in wonder as town gave way to country, and for the first time in her life she saw open fields and farm land. She had no watch to tell the time, nor, being a town girl, could she judge the time from the position of the sun, nor could she identify where she was, having no knowledge of England beyond Hackney where her family lived, and Chelsea where she now worked.

The only indication of the time that had passed came from her body, where hunger and the increasing discomfort of a call of nature was beginning to worry her. In her normal day's routine, she would be in considerable need before her morning break allowed her to stop work and ease herself, and she hoped that there was some similar provision for her comfort during the journey. 

With little to distract her, because to a town girl one field was the same as the next, she was soon acutely aware of the urgency of her need, and shifted her position, pressing her legs together, to try to make herself more comfortable. She accidentally knocked against Victoria's leg, cringing into the corner as her mistress glared at her, not daring to move again, for fear of attracting more wrath. 

For most of her life Beth had had little cause to contain her bodily needs for any length of time. During her few years at school, it had been common for children to wet themselves in class, as there were no facilities for their use, even during break. In her native Hackney, children, and even adults, would relieve themselves in the streets as the need arose, men facing a wall, women either crouching or simply standing with their legs apart and skirts raised off the ground. When she had started working for Victoria, it had come as a shock to find that she had to use the garden outhouse on every occasion, and that she could not interrupt her work to attend to the calls of nature.

The servants were expected to work from six in the morning until lunch time with only a five minute break, when Beth and other maids would rush to the privy, often in such distress that those last in the queue would release where they stood for fear that their break would end before they could ease themselves. 

Nobody had bothered to tell Beth how long the journey might last, so she could only sit and suffer increasing discomfort as she tried to ignore the demands of nature. It was unthinkable that she should communicate her need to her mistress, no servant would ever do this in the privacy of their own household, let alone in a public coach. She had to contain her need until her mistress gave her permission to ease herself, which could obviously not happen until the coach stopped at some staging post. Beth blindly trusted that some provision would be made for this, and she had to control herself until this happened. If only she had used the privy in the waiting room, she would have been more comfortable, but without Victoria's permission, that too would have been unthinkable. For a brief moment she wondered if her mistress also needed to ease herself, but dismissed such a disgusting thought. Ladies were above such a common failing, and she was ashamed to have thought of something so crude.

Time passed, she had no idea how long, only that the call of nature was now a deafening shout which she could not deny much longer. She was sitting with her legs tightly crossed, the only way she knew of easing the desperate need that she was suffering, but even sitting in this manner she was afraid she could not contain herself much longer. The road was rough and muddy, passing through thick woods, the coach speed reduced to walking pace, the horses struggling with their load. Then the coach slewed to one side and stopped.

The driver informed them that a trace had broken, and would take some time to repair. Beth, who had never seen woodland before, found the near silence frightening, but now they had stopped she prayed that they would have to get out of the coach while the repairs were made. Even her imperative need for relief would not overcome her fear of the woods enough for her to shelter in the bushes and ease herself, but if she was standing on the grass her release would be un-noticed, and she would suffer nothing worse that wet stockings. It would be no different that standing over a drain in a London street, and she had had to do that often enough. 

Instead, they were warned of gangs of robbers in the area and told to remain in the coach. Two of the men passengers ignored this and got out to inspect the work, but the two ladies and Beth had to remain inside. The prospect of relief had only had only made her need greater, and she shifter her position, crossing her legs more tightly and praying that she would not have to endure much longer. 

Victoria was conversing quietly with the other lady passenger, but they both ignored Beth, a mere servant and beneath their notice. When, at last, the repairs were completed and the coach under way, Beth squirmed on the seat, trying to find the most comfortable position to endure what had become an agonising need.

"Sit still girl, what on earth's the matter with you, keep fidgeting about." Victoria glared at her.

"I'm so sorry ma'am, I promise I won't move again." Beth was terrified of upsetting her mistress, but if only she could tell her what was the matter, how urgent the call of nature was, then surely she would be able to help her. But this was only a dream, servants could not mentions such things. Her only hope was that some provision had been made for the ladies to ease themselves, when she might be allowed to do the same when they had finished.

'Oh please, please, can we stop soon,' Beth said to herself, 'Oh, what am I going to do if we don't, what if I can't wait no longer?' There just had to be a stop soon.

The coach just continued its slow progress through the endless woods for what, to Beth, seemed like a life time. She was frantic for relief, never had she needed to go so badly in her life. Her stomach was hurting, and every jolt of the coach made it worse. What could she do? there was no chance of relief until the coach stopped, so somehow she had to contain herself, control the irresistible demand of nature. If she could not, if some indiscretion occurred, if her clothes, or even worse, the cushions in the coach, were soiled, she would certainly lose her job.

She was close to the limit of her ability to contain herself, fighting with all her strength to maintain her decency. After what seemed like a age the demands of nature had risen to an unbearable level, and twice jolts of the coach had brought her to the very brink of losing control. Then a particularly rough section of the way was too much for Beth's tiring muscles to control, and she could feel that she was beginning to disgrace herself. She almost reacted instinctively and thrust a hand between her legs, just realising in time that such behaviour was unthinkable in front of her mistress. Frantic to avoid an indiscretion, she thrust a hand under her legs, and by twisting slightly sideways she was able to obtain enough pressure regain control of her body.

To touch herself there was a mortal sin, she had been taught, but surely, she prayed, God would forgive her when she had no other way of avoiding disgracing herself. The position was uncomfortable, but her fingers could be pushed just far enough between her legs to be effective, and sitting against the side of the coach, her action was not visible to the other passengers. Beth was mortified that her fingers could detect the wet warmth of her indiscretion, but it seemed that only a small part of her dress was affected, and she had managed to regain control. She prayed that she could maintain this control until she was allowed out of the coach. 

Inevitably, inexorably, nature increased its demands of her, insisting that relief could no longer be postponed, the increasing ache in her stomach adding its warning that her body was being strained beyond endurance. Poor Beth, who would have given anything to be able to give way to these demands, could only suffer the pain and try to force her body to obey her. Slowly shifting her position so as not to disturb Victoria, she was able to press her fingers harder into her intimate places, forcibly blocking any discretion occurring.

She imagined she was holding back the flow from a water tap. If only she could keep her fingers pressing hard enough, no leakage would occur, but relax, or move from the opening, and water would spurt out. She recalled the gardener jamming in a wooden plug to block a leaking tap. If only she could do the same to her body she would be able to survive the journey. Any pain or discomfort would be worth enduring, so long as she could remain decent until their destination.

Finally the moment she had been dreading arrived, and despite all her endeavours, the pressure of her fingers was no longer sufficient to prevent a further indiscretion. The shock that she had disgraced herself despite fighting with all her might to avoid it made her gasp, attracting the attention of the other passengers. She covered her mouth with one hand, pretending to cough, but the shame of her loss of control was making her blush, and she was certain that they must realise what she had done. Fear of discovery gave her extra strength to stem the flow, but she could feel her skirt was more wet. 

The remainder of the journey, which seemed to Beth to be lasting for ever, was the most miserable time of her life. She was trying with all her might to contain her frantic need for relief, but regardless of all her efforts, she could not prevent an occasional loss of control. She tried to cross her legs more tightly, she tried, without drawing attention to her moves, to press her fingers harder into her body, she tried so hard to control herself that several times she groaned aloud, attracting a disapproving glance from Victoria. For a time she would succeed, then either she would weaken for a moment, or some extra jolt from the coach would catch her unawares, and she would feel her warm waters leak past her fingers and into her skirts. Whenever this happened, fear of discovery gave her more strength to regain control, so her indiscretions gave her no relief from the agonising pressure in her stomach. 

Twice more the coach had to stop for repairs, and each time Beth prayed they would be allowed to get out. Fear or the country-side, of the dark woods, even of robbers, was nothing compared to her fear of finally losing control and completely disgracing herself in front of the other passengers. Another of the men got out once, and for a brief moment Beth imagined doing the same, and the relief that would follow once she could stand with her legs apart and allow her waters to stream down her legs. But she dare not move without permission from her mistress, and she dare not ask such a thing in front of the other passengers.

She was only a poor, miserable servant girl, and it was unthinkable that she should intrude on their conversation with her disgusting and embarrassing personal needs. Ladies such as Miss Victoria were above such frailty, and she could never allow a gentleman to know of her problem. Instead she had to suffer several hours of desperate agony, fighting to contain herself, her stomach throbbing so painfully she thought it was going to burst, and, despite all her efforts, the back of her skirt, and eventually the coach seat, getting steadily wetter.

At long last, when she could hardly remember the time when she had not been frantic to ease herself, one of the gentlemen announced that they should be in Barchester in thirty minutes, and she began to think that her ordeal would soon be over. There had to be some facilities when the coach stopped there, and surely her mistress would allow her time to ease herself. Would she be able to find the courage to ask permission to do so? If not, and she disgraced herself, as seemed inevitable, would she be able to conceal this, or would her indiscretion be revealed? That surely would mean dismissal, and she would rather die that have that. She prayed that her black dress would not show the wetness she could feel.

Then the coach was stopping in the country again, and she imagined there was to be another delay. Instead, there was a private carriage to meet Victoria, and they would not have to continue to Barchester. Only as she climbed down from the coach did she realise that the back of her dress was soaked, and her thick flannel underskirts were clinging to her legs. Mortified, terrified of discovery, she tried to stand with her back against the side of the coach, hiding the wetness, unable to offer any assistance in transferring their luggage to the carriage. Hoping she would be ignored for the moment, she tried to move away from the coach while keeping her back, the evidence of her indiscretion, concealed.

Unable to bear her agony another moment, she wanted to give way to her need, to allow a flood to gush down her legs. But in the near silence of the country-side her release would be heard, and she was not going to be allowed to move away from the coach. Instead, she had to continue restraining herself, only releasing a slow trickle of liquid, despite the throbbing pressure in her stomach. 

Long before her need had been satisfied, Victoria was ordering her into the carriage. Through the open door she saw the seats were covered with blue brocade; she dare not sit there, even if she could now control herself, her soaking skirts would stain the fabric, revealing her disgrace. Mumbling an apology, feigning faintness, she begged Victoria to allow her to travel outside in the fresh air, with the coachman, on the wooden seat, where her wetness would not be detected. She was more than willing to suffer the cold, and even the rain that was threatening, so long as her disgraceful behaviour was concealed.

Before the journey had ended it did begin to rain, adding to her misery, because what release she had managed at the transfer had hardly eased the pressure in her stomach, and soon her need for relief was as intense as it had been in the coach. Only by hunching up, as if to keep warm, legs crossed, sitting on her hands, was she able to maintain any control, and still she could not completely prevent the occasional indiscretion. The coachman offered to share his cloak with her, but what she took as an act of compassion he used as an opportunity to sit close to her and feel her body.

This at least Beth knew how to deal with. Brought up in London slums, she was no stranger to men's wandering hands, and as his hand reached for her bosom she responded with such violence, jabbing the coachman under the ribs, that he almost fell from the carriage seat. After that she had no more trouble, nor any protection from his cloak, finally arriving at Bourne House cold and damp, and with the back of her skirt even wetter. 

Men servants began unloading Victoria's luggage while Beth climbed down, trying to conceal her wet skirt, and hoping that at last she would be able to ease herself. Even standing was too much strain on her body, and almost instantly she could feel a trickle of warm wetness running down her legs, but immediately a Bourne House maid about her own age grabbed her arm.

"I'm Marge, Miss Florence's maid. Get you indoors and up to your mistress's room. I'm to help you unpack her clothes and show you about the house, then I've got my own duties to look after, so you'll have to manage alone. Miss Florence said I was to look after you, but I don't want you hindering me about my work." 

While the two girls were the same age, they could not have been more different, Marge well built, round faced, with a healthy complexion from her country upbringing. Beth lagged behind her as she hurried through the hall-way to the back stairs, again fighting to contain her agonising need for relief, knowing that she would never be able to control herself for long. As Marge began up the stairs she clutched at her arm, sheer desperation giving her the courage to speak out, thought she was terrified of admitting her need to a stranger, even a girl of her own age.

"I'm ever so sorry, I don't want to be no trouble, but please can I go 'somewhere'? "

Marge looked disdainfully at her. "I'll show you about after we've unpacked, prepared for your mistress. Here they don't hold with us maids wasting time with our own business when we should be working."

Beth almost burst into tears when she heard this. She was at the end of her tether, cold, hungry, suffering agonies from her swollen stomach, wet underskirts clinging to her legs and more wetness trickling down her leg, which she was powerless to prevent. If she could not get outside and ease herself, her life as a maid was going to end in a puddle on the floor.

"Please, please, I really must do it. I wouldn't ask if I didn't have to go really bad. It's hurting so much I can't wait no longer," pleaded Beth, only seconds away from completely disgracing herself.

Marge still hesitated. Nature had blessed her with the ability to contain her waters all day without great discomfort, so she had little sympathy for this wretched, snivelling girl who was begging for relief as soon as she entered the house. It was only when Beth doubled over, pressing her hands between her legs in one last frantic effort to avoid flooding the hall-way that she realised how imperative the girl's need was. 

"Come on then, quick!" she pulled Beth through a deserted pantry and outside across the yard, behind an outbuilding. "Nobody will see you here if you're quick, but we ain't supposed to go here, so don't hang about or make a noise," she told Beth, who need no second bidding to finally succumb to the demands of nature. Her legs were already wet, so not bothering to squat down, she stood with legs apart and pulled her skirts up to her knees, her long restrained waters pouring onto the earth. The second she finished Marge was urging her back indoors, because she knew that they both would be punished if they were discovered.

"You owe me a favour for letting you do that," said Marge, happier now they were back indoors undiscovered.

"Oh thank you, thank you for letting me go. I'll do anything to make it up to you, I promise. I won't be no more trouble to you, I'll do anything you want." Beth's gratitude was almost pathetic. 

The last of the luggage was being carried into the bedroom as the maids hurried in.

"They's taking tea in the garden room," the man-servant told them, as he lit several oil lamps to brighten the room "you've about twenty minutes to get the lady's clothes ready for her, so look smart. One of you come down for the hot water when she wants it." 

Marge began opening the trunks and inspecting the contents. 

"Gowns and dresses will hang in that closet," she said, "then her more private stuff can go in the drawers there. Anything needs ironing, I'll show you where the laundry room is. Get moving, there'll be trouble if the room's not ready when they've finished tea."

Beth was standing miserably in front of the fire, frightened because the lamplight showed up the wet patch on the front of her dress where she had made her last attempt to control herself, petrified that the wetness at the back would also be revealed.

"Get shifting for mercy's sake!" ordered Marge, "If you're cold, then moving these clothes will soon warm you."

"I'm not cold," said Beth miserably, "I'm trying to dry my dress, I got it wet in the rain and the mistress will be furious if she sees it. I ain't got a spare and I don't know what to do to get it to dry quick."

Exasperated, Marge went over and examined Beth's black maid's dress. "It's not rain that's done this, is it? You've been and done it in your clothes, ain't you, like a little kid. Your under-skirts are soaked an' all, you won't dry that in five minutes."

Beth hung her head in shame. "We was hours on the coach, I ain't been allowed to go since before six this morning. I tried so hard, I really did, but I couldn't hold it no longer."

Marge, who hadn't been since six that morning either, and was feeling none the worse for it, looked scornfully at her. The miserable girl had better learn to control herself if she wanted to keep her job. Beth would have to wash her dress in her own time, before or after her normal duties, so she could do all Marge's washing as well. Then, seeing that she was about to burst into tears, she took pity on her.

"Annie's away visiting her sick mum, she's a skinny thing like you, so you can borrow her dress and things 'till you've washed yours."

In the attic room where the maids slept, and Beth threw off her wet clothes and quickly put on the dry ones Marge gave her. The dress was too big for her thin frame, but with the belt pulled tight is was passable. Back in Victoria's room, Beth, now relieved and dry, could not do too much to show her gratitude for Marge's help. At tea she offered Marge her helping of jam, and after, set to iron Victoria's clothes, worked late, doing all Marge's share of washing and ironing as well as her own soiled dress. Finally, Marge too pity on her, and told her to stop for the night, showing her where she could hang her dress to dry overnight, then guiding her across the pitch dark yard to behind the wash-house where they could both squat down before retiring to bed. 

One candle lit the attic room that Beth was to share with Marge and two other maids, and Annie, when she returned. 

"You can share a bed with Annie and me," Marge told her. "We gets up at six and have to start work at half past, so if you ain't quick you don't get no breakfast. We ain't allowed out the house when we should be working, so see to your business before breakfast, or you have to wait till break, and they don't let you stop then if you're behind with your work, so you have to look sharp. You will have to help about the house as well as see to your lady. I'll show you about tomorrow, then you'll be on your own. Ain't so bad here now the old master has gone away, Miss Florence treats us OK so long as we work hard." 

Then, remembering that Beth's behaviour earlier, she added, "There's a pot under the bed if you need to go in the night, but if there's no moon-light you have to do it by feel, don't go lighting a candle just for that. If you use it, you have to clean it in the morning. Don't dare go doing it in the bed either, or you'll have to sleep on the floor, no blanket, no pillow."

Beth nodded in silent assent. She was terrified of the dark, and was just finding out how silent and dark it was in the country. 

It was still pitch dark when she woke, her sleep cut short by a call of nature so urgent that she only avoided disgracing herself by clasping both hands between her legs. Poor Beth could not find the courage to try to find the pot and use it, so she had no alternative but to lie awake, hands pressed between her legs, praying that it would either get light or the other maids wake before she lost control and soiled the bed. She had no idea of the time, and dare not move or say anything for fear of upsetting Marge or the other girls. Just when she thought that she could not contain herself another moment there was a loud knocking on the door, telling them it was time to get up. Marge lit the candle and Beth struggled to dress while still having to hold back her desperate need. Jenny, one of the other maids saw her and laughed, bending forward and pressing between her legs, imitating Beth's distress.

"Nature calls, and you've got to answer! I know just how you feel. Come on, quick, I'll show you the nearest place."

Leaving Marge to tidy the room, Beth followed Jenny almost running down the stairs, and she saw she too was holding her stomach, not mocking her but suffering a similar need. Into the garden, she rushed behind a hedge and crouched with her long skirt spread round her, the sound of her release clear in the quiet garden. On the brink of losing control, Beth needed no encouragement to join her, standing with legs wide apart, holding her skirt clear as she gushed onto the grass. 

Before they went inside for breakfast, Jenny pointed further down the garden.

"Servants privy is down there, behind those bushes, that's where we should go, but one stable boy shuts himself in there and the others hide in the bushes, hoping to see something, 'cos they know we want to go real bad and don't have no time to wait. It's OK to use later, the groom keeps them busy all day. Glad to see you're human, like me and Annie. Marge and Sue just ain't natural, they don't ever seem to need to go. Maybe we should share a bed, then we can all wake up, light the candle and use the pot, so we're not dancing about as we try and dress."

Beth agreed, never again wanting to have to lie in bed in distress like she had that morning. So far this journey had brought her nothing but misery and she longed to be back in her familiar London surroundings.

