Title : Watersports at University
	Category : F wet, M wet Date  : 25 May 1998
By Anonymous

This incident happened while I was at university 'somewhere in England' - I'm saying no more! I was still a very naive virgin [I know that's not really the right word to describe a man]. My only experiences of sex until then had been of the 'self-induced' variety, if you see what I mean! And I felt guilty about even doing that. 

But then everything changed. It all started with a girl (let's call her Jane) who was one of only two women on my course. Everyone (including me) had the hots for her. Actually she's not the real subject of my story, but she was indirectly the cause of what followed. 

One evening I'd gone to her room, as I sometimes did, to ask her to help me with my homework for the following day's lecture. Usually we simply sat side- by-side on her bed, with me watching her bra-less breasts quivering beneath her red and blue jumper, while I secretly fantasised about getting her into bed. On the night in question, things went a bit further. After we'd finished talking about work, she put her hand on my knee and moved it several inches in a highly significant direction.

This was all the encouragement that I needed, so I tentatively felt under the waist of her jumper and started heading north. As usual, she was wearing nothing underneath. She trembled a bit as my fingers reached her rapidly-stiffening nipples. Just I was fumbling with the zip on her jeans and it seemed inevitable that we would end up in bed, my luck changed! Her boyfriend turned up unexpectedly and she unceremoniously hustled me from her room. 

With tears of frustration and rejection brimming in my eyes, I decided that there was only one recourse - to get blind drunk and try to forget (as I saw it) Jane's treachery. 

I couldn't face being with people that I knew, so I went to the bar of another hall of residence nearby. I noticed an attractive lass in a short black skirt sitting on the next stool. We got chatting and I learned that her name was Ann. Before long I'd bought her a pint - and then another. As the evening wore on, she started to cross and uncross her legs provocatively, making sure that the skirt rode up a little further each time and affording me tantalising glimpses of a very brief pair of pink knickers. I was still feeling extremely horny after my fruitless encounter with Jane.

I don't know how many pints we drank, but by closing time we were both very drunk. She'd started to wriggle and squirm in her seat, which I took to be my cue to make the immortal suggestion "Let's go back to my room." I was dimly aware of her breathless reply "No, I think my room's closer. Let's go now." As she was standing up, I noticed that she suddenly blushed and looked down, but I thought no more of it. With hindsight, there was a small dark patch where she'd been sitting... 

So it was that we staggered unsteadily out of the bar, arms around each other for mutual support. As we were crossing the quadrangle, I noticed that she was jiggling from one foot to the other and kept feeling between her legs in a most un-ladylike manner. She turned to me and began kissing me urgently. As I pulled her hips towards me, her legs parted slightly and she began rubbing herself up and down my leg. God, it felt good! Suddenly I heard a strange hissing noise and felt a warm wet sensation on my leg. I couldn't believe it: she'd started to pee! "Oh, hell! I'm desperate," she muttered, turning away from me. "I can't wait any longer - I've got to go now." With a complete lack of inhibition, she squatted down and started to let loose the flood. Unfortunately she'd forgotten one vital thing - to pull down her knickers!

As it dawned on her what she was doing, she blushed bright red and looked utterly mortified. The sight of the dark stain spreading across her pink panties and the urine pouring onto the ground was enough to give me a tremendous hardon. After a moment, a look of mischievous glee appeared on her face. "Mmm, I rather like this," she giggled. "This is nice." She staggered to her feet and stood with her legs together, rubbing her pussy with her hand as she pissed gently, letting the pee trickle down the inside of her thighs. I'd never given a moment's thought to the joys of 'watersports' before, but suddenly I felt the urge to join in the fun. But although I was almost bursting, nothing happened. Isn't it a shame that men are made differently - it's just about impossible to pee when you've got a hardon! 

By the time we got to her room, I felt as if someone had grafted a pickaxe handle to my nether regions. "I'd better take these off," said Ann, as she hoisted up her skirt and started, ever so slowly, to pull down her soaking wet knickers. "So that's what a pussy looks like?" I remember thinking (I told you I was naive in those days). I didn't have a very propitious start: by now I was in agony and I knew that I had to pee first of all - and that I'd never be able to do so while I had a stiffy. Ann was nearly killing herself with laughter at my predicament. "Imagine it's raining and you're on the North Circular trying to change a wheel with traffic roaring past you," she suggested. To my amazement, thinking of this passion-killing situation worked and I was able to relieve myself - out of the window. 

I'll gloss over The Great Experience itself. I'm sure everyone remembers their First Time with a mixture of pride and nostalgia - and maybe it even assumes a larger-than-life feel to it as the years pass by. 

Suffice it to say that the feeling afterwards was one that I shall treasure for the rest of my life: the exhilaration, ecstasy and exhaustion of my first sexual encounter, and the carefree apathy that comes with being very drunk. Ann and I snuggled up together and before long we were both sound asleep. 

At about 4 AM, I woke up to feel a rather familiar warm wet sensation - and distinctly soggy sheets... Ann was lying on top of me, still snoring away in a drunken stupor. "Oh Christ!" I thought, petrified. "I haven't... Have I?" But it gradually dawned on me that I wasn't the culprit after all. Although she was still fast asleep, Ann was peeing - not much, just a little trickle. My first reaction was to dig her in the ribs to wake her up, but then I realised that if I did anything to give her a shock, she'd probably let the whole lot go all at once! On the other hand, it was her bed and the mattress couldn't exactly get much wetter. I began running my finger through her silky wet hairs and down her pussy, feeling the lips open.

She moaned and woke up with a start... and as she did so, the trickle turned into a torrent. There was pee everywhere. "It's a long time since I did that," she murmured. "What are we going to do now?" Since we were both feeling pretty horny by this stage, I'll give you one guess what we did first of all, after which 'minor' problems like a wet bed seemed to become rather insignificant. "This adds a whole new meaning to 'sleeping in the wet patch'," she commented wrily. 

I never did find out what excuse she gave the cleaner to explain the soggy sheets and mattress. 

