Jane's Dilemma (or Jane-2)

by John

After witnessing Jane's anxiety to go to the loo the first time she came back to my bedsitter, and her shyness about asking to 'leave the room', I could scarcely wait for her next visit. Of course, I had quite fallen in love with her, so it was by no means my only reason for wanting to see her - but it was certainly a material factor, and one I couldn't help thinking about.

On her next visit there simply wasn't time for the tea to take effect; but I soon found that on Saturdays, when she came for three or four hours, there were real pleasures in store. She was an attractive girl of 19 or 20, intelligent and always well dressed, so I don't know why she was so shy about going to the loo, but shy she most definitely was.

She had a long journey home at the end of the evening so would always visit the toilet before leaving, but clearly found it difficult to ask at other times, especially if it meant interrupting something. I suspect, too, that for the shy person there is a dreadful paradox: the more desperate you are, the more difficult it is to ask. I soon realised that if I plied her with cups of tea and then kept her occupied with a game or some music or simply a cuddle, then there was a good chance I would see her fidgeting or shifting about on her seat before the night was out.

One Saturday some 3 or 4 weeks later we spent an afternoon visiting an art gallery before returning home. She'd been to the Ladies at the gallery but had had a drink after that, and a couple of mugs of tea when we got to my flat. We sat for a while on the side of my bed looking at the art catalogue I had bought and discussing the paintings. I remember Jane was wearing a blue dress with a full skirt, with its frills and flounces always a lovely thing to explore - which I soon began to do. We were soon cuddling up to one another with our feet on the bed.

Though the relationship seems quite innocent in retrospect, it had progressed enough for me to undo one or two of her buttons, slip a hand inside the bodice of her dress and caress her breasts. After a while I put a hand on her knee, then under her skirt. I had only been able to do this for a few days and it was marvellous to reach the cool softness of her legs above her stocking tops, to run my fingers along her suspenders. We kissed and murmured sweet nothings to each other for a while but when my hand next strayed beneath her skirt I received an extra frisson of excitement, for her legs were gently moving about. There was an hour or more before we need think about getting ready to go and already, I was sure of it, she wanted to go to the toilet.

Over the next half hour she gradually got more and more fidgety. With my hand under her skirt I could feel her muscles tightening and contracting as she tried to hold back the urge, squeezing her thighs together, her legs gently moving up and down. She was still responding to my kisses and caresses but I could sense she was shifting about with greater urgency, increasingly unable to keep still. Then she changed position, sitting up on the bed, modestly holding her skirt over her knees. "It must soon be time to get ready, mustn't it?" she asked.

"We don't need to get up till nine", I replied, "We've got another half hour". I silenced any objections by kissing her and undoing another button on her dress but, though she responded with a kiss she was soon changing her position again, this time kneeling up on the bed. I reached up to touch her bosom, then gently drew her down beside me again, but soon she was again half sitting, and soon after that she was kneeling beside me, then sitting with her legs drawn back, and though she made play that this was all part of the lovemaking so that she could smile down at me, her laughter had got more forced and the rocking of her buttocks owed more to discomfort than fun.

Over the next ten minutes she must have changed her position a dozen times, at one point sitting on the side of the bed, on the pretence of getting a hankie from her handbag. A couple of times I noticed her biting her lip and glancing balefully at the door, but each time I took her hand and brought her back down onto the bed for a cuddle, surreptitiously drawing her skirt and petticoats up a few inches for a glance at those beautiful, frantically fidgeting legs.

But Jane was almost past the fidgeting stage, for she was now, almost jerkily, moving from one position to another, one moment lying beside me, then sitting with her legs stretched out, then with her legs tucked in, then kneeling.... When she knelt up she would bend and kiss me, as if to give a reason for the move, but soon there would be a nervous glance at the door and, if I caught her eye, a lame excuse - "I was just wondering if the door was locked" or "I was just looking to see what the time was". It was a quarter to nine - I'm sure both of us knew the time to the minute - and I began to wonder whether she would hold out. My feelings were torn - I loved her and didn't want her humiliated, but I wanted to enjoy this as long as possible. So I did something really rotten: I took her dress off.

Most of the buttons were already undone but I now unfastened the buckle of her belt and began to pull the dress off her shoulders. "There isn't time" she protested."

"I just want to see you without it" I replied, and ruefully she helped me take it off. Jane looked so pretty in her bra and petticoat - but I also knew it would be so much more difficult for her to leave the room (for the toilet was down the corridor past the kitchen and two other bedsitters). Surely I could have another ten minutes to enjoy her plight. Once more I drew her down beside me, caressed her naked skin, slid a hand round to her clenched buttocks, but when I slipped my hand under her petticoat she quickly knelt up again.

Then she sat down, her legs tucked behind her, rocking backwards and forwards, and though she let me reach forward and touch her breasts, she moved away again the moment I tried to explore her legs. Once more she knelt up, looking round the room, then swung round and sat on the edge of the bed, hunched forward, her hands behind her knees, squirming up and down. I suddenly felt sorry for her, for I knew - and the poor girl must have known that I knew - that she was absolutely frantic for a pee.

But at last she found an escape line. "Hadn't you better draw the curtains?" she said. There was no denying the logic so I got up to draw them and when I turned round again Jane had her dress in her hands. "What are you doing?" I asked. "I just want to go to the Ladies for a minute", she said. "I won't be long." Still sitting on the bed she managed to pull the dress over her head, stood to let the skirt fall into place, contrived to fasten one or two of the buttons, and fled the room as fast as her modesty would let her.

She was gone for two or three minutes and when she returned it was almost time to start getting ready to go home. As we were in good time we had a cup of tea and before leaving the house she went to the loo again. "Again!" I joked and she laughed. The ice was broken and from that time visits to the toilet became a little private joke between us. She was never again quite so shy; but there were still many good moments ahead. 

