Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 5)

by Francine

Chapter 5. Trial and Invitation

Her trip went much as planned. Late Friday morning she concluded her client meetings and prepared to return to her hotel.

She had been given by e-mail a telephone number she should call, once in the city. In her room, she looked at the telephone and at the card on which she had written the number. Twice she picked up the telephone, started to make the call, then put it down again. She realized she was opening the door to an adventure fraught with uncertainty. She sat down and thought over what she was doing.

"It is now or never", she said to herself. Steeling her resolve, she picked up the telephone a third time. She dialed the number. She heard it ringing. A part of her hoped there would be no reply, but it did come. A female voice responded.

"Hello, this is Mrs. Jameson. May I help you?"

Paula was uncertain whether she had reached some kind of business or whether this was a home. "I am Pauline Inquirer", she began, her voice shaking. "I was told to call this number!"

"Oh, Pauline!" The voice on the other end suddenly seemed warm and enthusiastic. "We have been awaiting for your call. Will you be with us tonight?"

She hesitated a moment, but then, reassured by the warmth of the friendly voice, replied. "Well, yes. I am back at my hotel. I had planned to attend this evening. How shall I do it?"

"Pauline, you can call me Hilda. If it is OK with you, I will pick you up this evening about seven. My friend Iris will be with me. We will take you to the party in our car, and we will bring you back to the hotel when it is over. Have no fear - you will be quite safe, and we hope you like our event. Mitch has told me a bit about you!"

They exchanged a bit of information to insure recognition. Paula inquired as to appropriate attire, and was told to come in something casual. Again she was assured of her safety, and that she need have no real cause for concern. 

Paula felt better. She relaxed a bit in the afternoon, reflecting that it might be a long night. Around six, she took a shower and began to dress for the evening. She chose dark blue slacks and a print blouse, with casual flat heeled shoes and no stockings. She fixed her hair in a rather casual look, and draped a colored scarf around her neck. She smiled at herself, thinking her appearance neither too young and foolish for a woman her age, nor was it seeming to show signs of senility.

She went downstairs at the appointed hour to meet her hostesses. Just a bit after seven, a car pulled up to the front of the hotel with two women in it. One stepped out of the passenger's seat and approached her. The woman was in a denim shirt and jeans - light hair, perhaps thirty something. She looked at Paula.

"Mrs. Inquirer?" she asked.

"Yes, I am. Are you Hilda Jameson?"

"That's me. So glad to see you! You are right on time. Here, I want you to meet Iris, who's driving us tonight!" She indicated a slightly older woman at the wheel. 

They started off immediately, exchanging casual comments about the weather and the local area. Then Hilda asked Paula, "I am going to assume Pauline Inquirer is a pseudonym - a sort of nom de guerre! Many of our visitors prefer to give such names when they first visit us - I'm not critical! It's perfectly OK. I just want you to know that Hilda Jameson is my real name, and it is in the phone book, should you want to check!"

Paula did feel a bit reassured. The women did seem friendly, and certainly not threatening. They told Paula little of the coming event, but indicated it was being held in a private facility a bit out of town. "Allows us to have some outdoor events. Most of the time we meet in a place in town, and some of our things you just cannot do with the neighbors watching! Pauline, you know we are not a swingers' club- nothing like that goes on, but we do, well, kind of cut loose - we do things that might seem exhibitionistic or rather kinky to some. Tonight you won't be expected to participate in any of that, but you will be able to watch, if you care to.."

"And later, maybe, you just might want to participate at another time" Iris interjected. 

After a time, they pulled into a lot adjoining what seemed to be a large house in a fairly isolated spot. Trees surrounded the adjoining grounds, and she could see in the fading light that the building was well lit inside, and the number of parked cars suggested a gathering of several dozen people.

Her companions escorted into the house, where she was greeted immediately by a man who identified himself as Mitch. He was a man of perhaps forty five, dark haired, slender, not overly tall, and displaying a pleasant countenance and somewhat jovial demeanor.

Pauline was quickly introduced to many of the guests. She was received in a warm manner as a visiting guest, one whom it was frequently stated, they hoped would return. A bar was serving drinks, none of which she noted were alcoholic, and a buffet table was set with food.

Mitch commented on the bar. "We do not serve alcohol at our parties. That insures all of the guests are aware of what they are doing and no one is going to be unduly pressured into anything because his judgement has been numbed."

Paula began to feel relaxed and welcome. She noted that she was easily the oldest person present, as most were evidently in their thirties and forties, only a few being younger or older. No one, however, seemed to make much of her age or her graying hair. 

After an hour or so of easy relaxation with food and drink, she noticed some changes. Signs were being posted marking what were called "Game Rooms", numbered one and two. Another sign on a door indicated the "Relief Race" would be held outside starting at ten o'clock, but prospective participants were warned to begin preparations at nine. 

As she circulated, she noted some changes in the guests, themselves. The first shock took place when she noticed a female guest hang up her shirt on a coat rack, and continue to circulate in her bra. She knew the guests were not getting drunk, because of the no-alcohol rule, yet it was obvious that informality was being taken to a new level.

Between Hilda, Iris, and Mitch, she was given a tour of the facility and the events that were going on.

Hilda explained. "This is what we call an informal party, where all of the members can get in a relaxed mode and do things that are a bit unconventional- just things you wouldn't ordinarily do in public. Next month we will probably have a Special Guest party - that's where the members stay more formal and the attention is focused on someone invited to be the Special Guest - we have a committee that plans a series of events for the Special Guest which the rest of us can enjoy watching! Tonight there's no Special Guest - so it's really just the members doing their things.

She went on. "We really do have a dress code - After nine, anyone who wants to can be topless. But no one can be totally naked before midnight, unless they are participants in one of the Game Room Events, or the Relief Race. After midnight, you don't have to wear anything if you don't want to. But no one has to totally undress - it's purely optional."

They passed a bathroom, the door of which was open. She noted a strong cord tied around the door handle, keeping it in the open position.

Hilda explained. "Another of our features of informality. There are two bathrooms here - not for men and women, though, anybody can use either. But the rule is the doors are never closed - the doors are tied open, and you have to leave them that way. There's another rule- any time some one uses the bathroom, it has to be with someone of opposite gender! You can go in and do whatever you need to, as long as you take someone of the other gender to keep you company and watch. Also, anyone else who wants to watch is allowed to. So don't count on any privacy in the bathroom!"

"Of course, if you are entered in the relief race you won't be using the bathroom. But we'll get to that later!"

In Game Room Number One, she saw three women busily tying a man to an upright post. The man, she was only slightly surprised to notice, was naked. His hands were bound behind the post. A spreader bar was being tied to his ankles, requiring him to stand with his feet perhaps thirty inches apart. His sexual equipment was prominently displayed, and the women were regulating applying light touches to his penis, apparently to keep it erect, but not stimulate him to any physical relief.

In Room Number Two, a female member was the object of attention. She was standing in the center of the room, her clothing lying at her feet, her arms raised above her head, crossed, and tied to a rope attached to a hook in the ceiling. Her legs were unrestrained, but the tension of the rope on her hands compelled her to stand very erect, leaving her little latitude to move her legs.

A group of men and women stood around, looking at her, occasionally grasping her nipples and stretching her breasts.

Paula stood and looked, both shocked and stimulated by the scene. "Why her?" she asked. "Is she being punished for something? How long will she be tied there?"

Hilda smiled. "No, she's not being punished. She has volunteered to be the subject in this game. She will stand there twenty minutes, and then another will take her place. No one will pull her nipples hard enough to really hurt her, and anyway, she will get to do it to the next person. If she wants to, afterward, she can go into room number one and do a little teasing on the male volunteer."

"What is the Relief Race? I don't understand- " Paula was interested.

"Let's go outside. You might just love this one."

They went out the door marked for the "Relief Race". She could see a group of people standing around a table, indulging in a variety of liquid refreshments from assorted drink containers.

"They're getting ready", Hilda said. "The race is played with two teams, one of men and one of women. They have to prepare themselves by drinking a couple of liters of drinks, each. They start about nine, and about ten they're usually ready. This is reminiscent of the old Greek Athletic Contests, where the participants had to be naked. So, as you can see, they have all stripped."

The event was obviously popular, as a number of others had come out to watch the race. The area was outside, shielded by trees, and floodlit well. There was an open field before them, and in the distance, perhaps a hundred yards away, a barrel standing as a marker.

The naked participants, five men and five women, seemed to be getting ready. With a dark marker, each participant was labelled with a number ranging from one to five, the number being marked on his or her back, and again on his or her stomach.

"Did you ever race with a stomach full of liquid?" Hilda asked. "It does make running a bit more difficult. Of course, by now, they will all have full bladders, too. The bathrooms are off limits to them until later! Imagine how it feels to run a race with your bladder almost bursting!"

The race master began to give instructions. The five men would go first. They would run to and around the barrel, and return to the starting line. First across the line was the winner, who would be awarded the prize, which he would choose. After the prize was handled, the second race would begin, this time between the women.

"What is the prize?" Paula asked of Hilda.

"One they will really enjoy. The teams are really partners, Man number one is the partner of Woman number one, and so on. The man who wins can elect to either stand in front of the spectators and urinate, and he can let his female partner do the same. He has to make the choice. If he lets his female partner take relief instead of himself, then she does not have to run in the women's race, but he has to continue in the next race for men. If he takes it for himself, then he no longer has to race but she does. The catch is that both of them probably have aching bladders, and everyone likes to watch the winner and see how far his gallantry will go."

They watched the men run. The onlookers, especially the five women participants, cheered them on lustily. The men ran around he barrel, and then back to the start line. One man led the pack, and of course was given the winner's option.

He stood a moment, his lady partner looking at him hopefully. He pointed to her. Delighted, she stepped forward, turned to face the crowd, squatted, and poured out a huge stream as she relieved her bladder in front of the onlookers.

Next, the women raced. The men found this particularly interesting, as they looked at the bouncing breasts of the running women as they rounded the barrel and dashed back to the start line. The first came to a stop, her chest heaving and her nipples shaking, as she smilingly accepted her honor. She thought a moment before making her decision, then pointed to her male partner. He stepped forward, hands behind his back, standing facing the crowd, and discharged the contents of his bladder as onlookers watched and cheered.

The races continued, as the distress of the participants grew more severe and more obvious. The next male winner chose to take the relief himself, to the chagrin of his lady, who would have very much liked the relief.. 

Finally there were only one man and one woman left unrelieved. The race was over; they were the losers. They were made to stand back to back, as a rope was fastened around their waists binding them together. Thus bound, they were to walk the length of the course, with promise of relief when the reached the start line. After several false starts, because they stumbled and tripped each other, they finally made it. They stood, still bound, urinating in unison while the crowd watched, before being released.

Mitch joined Paula as she observed the end of the Relief Race incident.

"Did you like it?" he asked of her.

Paula hardly knew how to respond. Games of this type were new to her. She had never watched such activities before. She nodded, and showed Mitch an affirming smile.

"It will soon be midnight. Some of the guests will be adjusting their attire. You are aware of the rules?"

"Yes," Paula indicated. "I am aware. Right now, though, I am not sure I am ready to participate - however, I will surely watch. However-" her voice trailed off.

"Is there something you need?" Mitch asked her.

"Frankly, yes. After watching all that activity, and the relief of all those bladders, I need to use the bathroom. I understand the rules require that I have a male escort?"

Mitch nodded. "Yes, that is part of it. Can I assist?"

"Yes - would you be my escort?" Paula asked.

"I should be honored!" Mitch replied.

They made their way to one of the open, well lit bathrooms. Paula entered, a bit hesitantly. She looked at Mitch, as though she did not quite know what to do.

"I can't show you how, Pauline", he said in an amused way, "You should know that on your own!"

She nodded, almost blushing. Slowly, she unfastened her slacks. Nervously, she slipped them down. Then, as she seated herself on the toilet, she slipped down her underwear. He stood in front of her, clearly watching the proceedings. She also saw another man behind him, also interested.

"I haven't been doing this with an audience", she noted. "It may take me a bit!"

It did take her a while, but eventually the sound of her stream made itself known. She looked up at Mitch, not really knowing what to say. What kind of conversation to do conduct while you are urinating, she thought.

When her stream ended, she took a bit of paper and, almost out of habit, wiped herself. She drew up her clothing, flushed the toilet, and stood fastening her slacks.

"Next event?" she asked him.

They walked back through the house, socializing with the guests. She saw many of the women now in panties and bras, some in just panties. Several men were in just underpants, their erections in some cases quite noticeable. She was impressed with the civility and decorum which seemed to prevail, despite the increasing state of undress.

At midnight, Iris came up to them. "The witching hour! Now I can truly be informal!" she observed, slipping her last piece of underwear from her body. Naked, she looked at Paula and Mitch. 

"Pauline", she addressed Paula, "I hope this is not making you feel uncomfortable. I don't feel embarrassed or ashamed at all, now; I just feel released. I can enjoy being looked at for awhile. You don't have to do it, but think about it. You just might like it!"

Paula was thinking. Mitch had not disrobed at all, perhaps out of concern for Paula's feelings.

The party, despite the increasing evidence of nudity, became quieter than before. People sank into social conversation, only occasionally making reference to each other's private parts, or touching them.

At length, Mitch got to the obvious point.

"Pauline, do you feel safe here? Were you afraid of what might happen to you?"

"No, not now. I am not quite sure what I felt. But I liked it - I was seeing things I had only daydreamed about."

"Would you like to come back?"

"As a visiting guest, another time?" Paula asked.

"As our Special Guest, if you are up to it. You would make an excellent Special Guest." Mitch was enthusiastic, as usual.

"You mean, where everyone else would be, shall we say, more formal, and I would get the special treatment?"

"Absolutely. Would you like that?"

"Mitch, I do have limits. I rather liked the games, especially the bladder restraint that went into the Relief Races. I could take some urinary restraint, and some physical distress, perhaps like the girls in Room Number Two, but - I wouldn't want to be penetrated, and I wouldn't want to be hurt in any way that would show up later."

"Your limits, Pauline, would have absolute respect!"

"I am, after all, Mitch, an older woman. I hope I could handle it as well as those that are younger, but, well, I must be sure of my limits!"

"You would be wonderful, Pauline. Wonderful!".

Their conversation went on a bit. She determined the date for the next event. Obviously Mitch would like her to be the Special Guest for that, but she wasn't sure. They left it that she would let him know in the next few days.

It was well after midnight when the first guests began to leave. Hilda approached Paula and asked if she was coming to the time she wanted to leave. After a short time, she made her farewells, and left the house to return to Iris's car. By now Iris had regained her clothing, and one looking at her would not have guessed that she was cavorting in the altogether a few minutes earlier.

The women dropped Paula at her hotel door. She thanked them and went in.

She returned home on Saturday. By Monday she had made her decision. A simple e-mail went to Mitch.

"I will be the Special Guest next month. I will be at the same hotel as before. Call me Paula Guest."

