This story is based on a true event. The names were changed to protect the embarrassed. 
Nicole was the best speller in my class. One day, we had a spelling bee and the winner went on to the school competition. Being a horrible speller, I was the first out. I was sitting down and could see Nicole fidgeting. She's about 5' 6" and has long legs and long blonde hair. I could tell she was desperate because it was 5th period and she didn't go all day. After a few more rounds, she was shifting from side to side. She asked if she could go to the bathroom but the teacher said she couldn't go until after the spelling bee. Nicole whined and stayed quiet except for the noise when she switched feet. The spelling bee went on for a while. We have 5th and 6th period together so it was really long. Nicole again asked to leave but the teacher said not until she misspelled a word and had to sit down. Knowing that she wouldn't lose intentionally and that Bobby was as good as she was, it would be awhile longer. After about 20 more minutes, she let out a loud whine and burst for the door. A large puddle had appeared and no one had even noticed! She came back after about 10 minutes with a very large wet spot on her really tight faded blue jeans. I left the classroom to sneak into the girls’ bathroom. She had left her white pee soaked (now yellow!) panties in there. I picked them up and put them in my locker. After a couple months, we started going out. I told her how I liked seeing her really desperate. She said that she liked it too. I gave her back her panties that I had kept. We went out for another 8 months. She moved in January but before she left she gave me three pairs of her panties that she had thoroughly soaked! I still have them now and it is 5 years later. I moved to the same city that she had moved to and we continued our hot and steamy wet relationship! 
Wet and Wild