The Sergeant's Wife & The General's (part 3)

by Francine

Chapter 3

It was now close to eleven P.M. Downstairs, several men in military uniforms had arrived at the reception desk.

A graying officer with stars on his jacket headed for the elevator, accompanied by an aide carrying a briefcase. Behind him a bellman carried two pieces of luggage. "Tenth floor" the aide commented to the bellman.

They left the elevator and proceeded to a room. The aide knocked on the door.

A feminine voice answered from inside. "Yes. Who is it?"

"General Hawthorne is here, Ma'am. May we come in?"

"Yes, use your key. The latch is off. I'm not quite ready to come to the door!"

The bellman opened the door, and set the luggage on a rack. Lights were on, but there was no occupant to be seen. The aide turned to the senior officer. "Anything else, General? I'm sure you're looking forward to time with your wife."

"She must be getting herself ready. Oh, well, you know how long it takes women. I don't think I need anything else. I'll give you a call in the morning, Carl."

The junior officer made a gesture of a salute and withdrew, following the bellman.

Alan Hawthorne called out.

"Louise! Where in blazes are you? I was going to introduce you to my new aide!"

"I was getting ready for you," Louise called from the bedroom of the suite. "I don't think you would have wanted me to meet him just yet."

"Why the heck not?" The General was tired and a bit impatient.

"This is why," Louise answered, walking boldly into the room

The general just stared. His wife was wearing a superbly done hairdo, setting off her graying locks. She had on just a touch of make-up, just a hint of eye shadow, and absolutely nothing else.

"Good Gosh!" the general opined, at a loss for words. Never before in thirty years of marriage had Louise greeted him like this.

"Happy anniversary, Alan!" said, as she swept him into her arms, her naked breasts pressing against his military jacket.

"You're miscalculating, Louise, it isn't our anniversary!"

She bent him with her kiss, then broke it long enough to note, "No - not exactly, but it's as close to the thirtieth as we're likely to have together. I've missed too many anniversaries when you were called off to a war or police action or something. This is going to be our time! Now - you haven't understood the uniform of the day!" She started undoing his jacket.

"Uniform? I've got the right one - what are you doing?"

"Alan, this time I have the right one! You're not going to need this stuff right now!" 

Her fingers flew, undoing every piece of his uniform. Confounded by her actions, he stood still and let her do it. He even undid his shoes to help her. Then, when he was stark naked, she stepped back for a bit, and surveyed her work. 

"Now, that looks like the guy I married! Sometimes it's hard to recognize him under all the stars and ribbons."

"Are you making fun of me, Louise?"

She planted another big kiss on his lips. She took his two hands and placed one on each of her breasts.

"Yes, I want it to be fun. Do you remember what these are for? There are things I had fun with, too--" With his hands holding her breasts, she reached down and gently gripped his penis. 

"I remember fun, Louise - I even remember the night we were married."

She shut him up with another kiss. She started to move toward the bedroom.

"Wait a moment," he told her, "first I need a latrine break!"

"Not yet, my dear! I've waited too long for this. Now it's your turn to wait a bit."

"Louise, I need to--"

She placed a finger to his lips.

"You may be a general out there, but you're not wearing your stars in here. This one is my treat, and my rules!"

"Louise, have you been drinking?" he asked her, puzzled at her behavior.

"No, my darling general, but I have been learning. I should have done this before!"

She pressed him toward the waiting bed, freshly turned down and inviting. She nudged him to its center, lying on his back. To his utter amazement, she climbed atop him, straddling him. She leaned forward, her hands on the nipples of her slightly sagging breasts.

"They may not stay up so well any more, but they do stretch - if you remember how to do it!" she instructed him. He tugged at her nipples.

She positioned his erect member at the entrance of her genitals, and lowered herself, taking him into her. Suddenly she bounced on him slightly, her weight landing on his belly and full bladder. He grimaced a bit.

"Like it?" she asked. "I can recall sometimes when you didn't let me pee! I think I'm enjoying this!"

"I just - I mean I'm a little full down there," he commented to her.

"Yes. Isn't it nice? Gives a good feeling, doesn't it? Or would you like me to get off?"

Suddenly his mood changed. He gave her nipples a vigorous tug, smiled up at her, and uttered one word.

"Never!"

She laughed, and bent down to plant another kiss on his lips. She removed his hand from one breast, and learned further, placing her erect nipple near his lips. He grasped it and held it in his mouth.

Her motion immediately speeded up. He started to move a bit in synch with her, but she told him to stop. "Let me do it - this one's my treat. You can do it later!" 

Faster she rode him. She felt her own orgasm explode within her, though she kept up her motion through it. Seconds later he gasped as his own release occurred. Her body fell on him. They lay in a heap.

It was nearly an hour later when she slid off of him. "Time for our latrine break, Alan. You needed one, remember?"

"Our latrine break?" he asked, a bit sleepily.

"Yes. Ours. You get the relief and I steer. For now."

She led him into the bathroom. He stood before the toilet. Before he could grasp his member with his hand, she had it in her grip and brushed his hand aside.

"I'm steering, remember? It was my treat!"

Resigned, he tried to release his bladder. After a few moments, he succeeded, and his stream poured out. She held him, guiding the stream, as his bladder emptied. She looked up at him. "You know, Alan, I can remember only one other time you let me do this!"

"I'm not letting you do it now. You just took over!"

"Tsk, tsk. Imagine a general being bossed around by his poor little wife. Would you rather I didn't?"

"Louise, I don't know what inspired you tonight! You've never acted like this before!"

His stream came to an end. She exchanged positions with him, and placed herself on the toilet.

"Do you want to hold this time?" she asked.

"Hold what? I didn't think your equipment needed steering!" She replied by taking his hand and placing it on her nipple. He pulled it as she urinated.

They fell into bed. It was after one o'clock. He fell asleep.

Suddenly he was awakened. Though hours later, it was still dark. His wife was wide awake, stroking his penis, bringing it to a hard erection.

"Your treat this time!" was all she said.

Renewed, he mounted her. After their earlier experience, they were a bit slower this time, but in time release came for both of them. Again they fell into a deep sleep.

