Some years ago a small group of us used to get together on Saturday mornings and go to garage sales together. There were normally five of us, just friends, two girls, and three blokes. We would look the garage sales up in the paper, consult the street directory, and work out the most direct route to follow to get around them all.
One Saturday one of the two girls couldn't come, leaving only four of us. I was already aware that Sally, the girl who did come, tended to have a smallish bladder, so I was interested to see that she brought a can of soft drink with her, which she drank on our way to the first house.
Needless to say, after what seemed like a reasonable amount of time for the fluid to be making its way through I started keeping an eye on her for any signs of wanting to pee, and I was soon rewarded. At first I just saw that she tended to stand with one leg bent forward, which might or might not have meant anything, but before long this had progressed to slowly bending one leg back and forward as she stood looking at things. Sometimes it seemed to me that she was rather restless too, shuffling about as she looked at things, when she didn't really need to be moving at all. Then at one place I saw that she was repeatedly bounced one foot up and down on the ground, and I became convinced that her movements were definitely pee related, rather than plain restlessness. She didn't seem at all concerned yet though and made no mention of toilets, even when we were back in the car to go to the next place.
Soon though, things began to get more interesting. Her restlessness became more obviously full–bladder related as she began making quite noticeable movements such as bending one leg forward across the other or doing a repetitive little dance from foot to foot sometimes. When she asked how many more places we had still to visit I was pretty sure what she had in mind, although she didn't mention toilets just then.
But she couldn't keep it to herself for much longer. From memory I think it was the next time we got back in the car and were working out the route to our next stop she asked if there were any parks around so she could use a public toilet. There was one not too far away on the map, but our next planned house was closer, so it was agreed we would go to it first, then detour to the park.
By now quite excited by her predicament, I watched her as closely as I could without staring, and although she was able to sit mostly still as we drove, she did so with her legs crossed. She was quickly out of the car when we stopped, and a lot of the time we were browsing she was moving – shuffling from foot to foot, bending her legs alternately back and forth as if she was cold (except it wasn't a cold day), doing a variety of repetitive little jigs with her legs. It wasn't especially the sort of thing that obviously shouted out to anyone who happened to glancing in her direction, "Hey, I'm busting for a wee," but to anyone such as me with a desperation fascination it was quite obvious what was behind all those uncomfortable movements! I had to secretly reposition my swelling dick so it wouldn't be noticeable.
After that stop we drove on to the park, and you can imagine my secret delight when the toilets turned out to be locked! Sally returned to the car, now looking decidedly anxious; she grabbed the map and started searching for other parks. She found a likely looking one, but after looking at its location himself, the owner of the car wasn't keen on such a detour at that time. But Sally was adamant that she really had to go, so after a short 'discussion' we set off for the park. I think Sally was showing quite noticeable restlessness as we drove. We had only gone a few streets though when we unexpectedly came to another garage sale that we hadn't known about because it wasn't advertised in the paper, and it looked like it might be a good one. Despite Sally's objections, we stopped at it with the reassurance that we wouldn't be long. Sally at first said she'd wait in the car and I wanted to say I'd stay too, just so I could keep an eye on her, but I couldn't as I had been one of the ones pushing to stop there!
After a minute or so Sally joined us anyway; perhaps she'd thought it would be easier to hold on walking around, or perhaps she wanted to keep us from delaying too long. Naturally I then kept close by so I could watch, and I wasn't disappointed. She moved continuously, going from one place to another a lot, but still stepping all the time from one foot to the other even when she wasn't going anywhere. She would often raise one leg briefly then bend it across in front of the other one for a moment, and sometimes do a little 'curtsey.' I looked with awe at her lovely shape – the nicely rounded bottom filling out her light blue jeans so enticingly, and the neat curve of her jeans down between her legs around her front; so tidy and unrevealing. With such perfection it was almost hard to believe that just in there she was finding it hard to hold in her wee. But I knew she was; her movements now left no doubt, even for someone less fascinated than me.
She tried to organize us to get going, but it didn't happen straight away. I saw Sally wandering off past the extent of the tables of stuff for sale and a little into the thick garden, so 'casually' did likewise, in such a direction to meet her, rather than follow her. And when I did see her again some moments later... she was holding herself between her legs!
I felt like I was nearly going to cum in my pants, to see this beautiful, attractive girl apparently so close to wetting herself that she'd resorted to holding herself like a little girl. (At that time I'd never seen a grown–up girl do that before)
Of course as soon as she saw me she hastily pulled her hand away, and I pretended not to have noticed anything. "Aren't they ready YET?" Sally asked with a note of fierceness, which I think now was to cover up what would otherwise have been a note of desperation. I replied that I thought they nearly were, and Sally volunteered that she was SO busting.
We rejoined the other two, and quite soon then did get going. Sally was very quiet as we drove, sitting with legs tightly crossed in one direction, then changing to the other, then back again. She still jiggled and wriggled a bit, but not as much as I'd thought she might. She seemed to be bracing herself more, holding her entire body rigid with the effort I knew she would have to make to hold it in. A few times I noticed sudden little jerks, as if she'd just managed to pull herself back from starting to pee as she sat there.
We approached the park and one of the others sniggered. "Doesn't look like there are any loos, Sal!" I felt a mixture of excitement and sympathy. Although I was finding the drama really exciting, I also really liked Sally as a person, and wasn't at all sure I wanted her to suffer the humiliation of being totally unable to hold it and wetting herself in front of us all. (Just with me maybe, but not the other two!) I was sure she was getting perilously close to doing it and I doubted that she'd be able to last until we found somewhere else.
But Sally had her own ideas. "Doesn't matter! Just stop!" she ordered, and as soon as the car pulled up she was out like a shot and half running into the park, which happened to have quite a number of fairly thick shrubs. She disappeared amongst them, reappearing a minute or so later, and although she walked quickly back towards us, her gait no longer had the same frantic urgency. "Let's get going," was all she said as she got back in, and we did, no one making any smart remarks. She didn't say any more about it and neither did anyone else, at least not in her presence.
She sat with her legs crossed again, and her hands casually together in her lap, and I wondered if she was trying to keep something hidden. And sure enough when she got out next I was able to make out a small darker area around her crutch, visible both from the front and just under the lower curve of her lovely round bottom. It wasn't a real lot, and probably not obvious to a casual observer, but it was unmistakable evidence to my searching eyes. Beautiful, sexy Sally had been so busting that she hadn't been quite able to hold her pee, and had wet herself a bit!
By: Dave ( Emails Welcome )