Three Weeks with Montan (true story with holding-it)

By Anon

Ok these's some off-theme stuff here. That's because it reallly happened this way.

Each summer the museum I worked for hired a number of college students to give public presentations. A Cathy Something frequently had to run directly to the restrooms on very short notice. I kept wanting to get her on a date with a case of soda fizz and a very long drive in the forest. However, I was ten years older than the college students, have zip social skills, and couldn't get a conversation with Cathy to last past the second sentence.

Cathy's turn arrived to wear a space creature costume to attract tourists into the museum. The costume was bulky, hot, and time-consuming to get in and out of. All the previous wearers were downing gallons of liquid half an hour into their two hour costume shift. I definitely planned to witness Cathy's struggle out of the costume with bursting bladder. Cathy anticipated her turn in the thing as eagerly as I did. Disaster for both of us. Cathy's broad hip bones missed fitting into the costume's rigid frame by one silly centimeter.

Cathy's antics distracted my attention from Montan, a returning art student. Being divorced and 27 put Montan more in my own league. I hadn't noticed her until she asked me to help move a table wired for an overhead projector. Stepping on the cord I said, "Stop a sec. I'm standing on my tail." Workers frequently use such low humor to break the boredom, but Montan treated it as very witty. Later, I redid some poor lighting for a group of paintings. She came over expressing surprise that I knew about lighting (I mostly maintained audio and video tape players associated with the exhibits). I explained how I preferred lighting 3-D things like statues and kinetic art. She told me about 3-D aspects (sort of like, but different from bas relief) of her art. After almost an hour she left to give her next lecture.

Fifty minutes later I saw her still encouraging questions from her audience. A few minutes later she caught up with me on the way to the break room. After a fifteen-minute break she said, "I'm headed for the restrooms. I've needed to pee since we started talking about the lighting. Are you surprised I waited so long?" I'm nearly speechless whenever a women opens my favorite subject. "...uh... O... Only that you waited in front of an audience." I stammered. (I often waited four or five hours. But, only in private.)

The next day she said her house mates wanted to check out a tavern in the Scandinavia quarter. Would I like to join them? I can seldom abide taverns past about 9PM and took my own car. At the tavern I learned that taverns were the best places to view twisted computer games and that Montan would be returning to her small-town college in five weeks. Montan learned that I never hiked. She worshipped the outdoors. After about two hours the other house mates were leaving with new acquaintances. Would I take Montan home? 

At the house she invited me to shower with her. After that she said, "You're welcome to stay the night provided you don't mind my problem." "You're problem?" What could be wrong with this athletic-looking woman? "If I dream I'm in the bathroom, I pee the bed." It hit me like a bolt of lightning. "Exactly what I do!" Montan's public artistic and athletic achievements paled to nothing compared to her private ones. On top of that she had to be the world's Keigle champion.

During the next few days we really wanted to talk more about "our" problem and our mutual interest in holding in. At home we could get through about 45 seconds before dragging each other into bed (or even up against a wall). Our attempts in corners of the museum shop lasted about 30 seconds before a coworker wanted to know what we were so excited about. (Fortunately, I had learned how to postpone an erection until out of public sight.) Montan's boss was a pushover and Montan arranged to get the same day off as I did. (Not easy in a 7-day-per-week business.)

We spent a two-hour lunch in an artists' cafй talking wetting and watersports experiences. We both had large enough bladders. She often enjoyed postponing urination up to hours after first urge, even during beer parties. I'd tried to stop my teen bedwetting by practicing holding back. She'd tried to end hers with Keigles. The increased attention to bladder function only increased the frequency of dreams (needing to pee in a strange town/signs missing or in Irish/searching hours for a restroom/leaking plumbing wetting our clothing as we peed-very similar between us, but no two dreams exactly alike) and frequency of bedwetting. One difference: If I woke before wetting, I often had to run to the restroom to avoid a waking accident. (This seemed to put her off a little.) 

For her the dream would be done for the night and she could fall right back to sleep. We sometimes woke from mid-dream to find no real need to pee. Other times we woke in a very small puddle, but completely empty. She sometimes went to bed with a full bladder and didn't wet. The dreams seemed to have more to do with childhood experiences than the night's bladder condition.

But what she really liked was holding urine for seven to ten hours after the first urge and have a lover watch her pee. She routinelly spaced pees 16 hours apart. I'd alreaady seen her hold four eight-ounce beers without any sign of discomfort. Now she was telling me she could easilly make it six. That in a 115-pound body. That was her main thing. I don't think she peed on lovers or peed her pants or any other water sports. However, she absolutely could not get aroused when still needing to pee. That could be kind of hard for guys knowing how great she would be after her incredible pee show.

She also used the lunch to talk me into a hiking trip. She made hiking trips sound really romantic, but obviously also very spiritual for her.

After lunch we walked through the public markets on the docks. Her standoffishness after sharing our secrets surprised me. A couple hours later while waiting for a trolley she said, "My bladder's full." "Want to stop in a department store?" "No. I'll be ok. I just wanted you to know." When the trolley dropped us off she said, "Let's bathe. You start the bath." She dissapeared into the bedroom while I filled the tub and climbed in. She came in wearing my ex-girlfriend's robe. Montan jacked the robe up (she didn't like her breasts and seldom exposed them in full light) and peed. Then she shed the robe and we had sex in the tub followed by lovemaking in the bed.

She seemed to enjoy glances when arriving late to work with me. But otherwise refused to even hold hands in public places. I found the answer the day we shopped for hiking supplies. As we arrived home from shopping I started to hug her. She pulled away saying, "Don't start anything. My bladder's full." She dropped to the floor and started unwrapping camping supplies. 

"Uh, uh!" If she couldn't make love, she could at least put on a pee show. I scooped her up. Carried her to the bathroom. I pulled her jeans down and put her on the toilet. She peed until her flow reduced to a trickle, then a few drops. She wiped, pulled up her jeans, and headed back toward her beloved camping supplies. I like undressing women. Montan had mostly undressed herself as soon as we started love play. I caught up and started hugging her again. She started to pull away, then shrugged and started hugging on me. I like this in waves.

The second time I explored her jeans crotch, I found soaked fabric where none had been moments before. She looked and felt exactly like she'd wet her pants. But she'd just peed to the point where she shouldn't have been able to start again without straining. I removed her jeans to find her soaked. Soaked with a thick, slippery liquid that didn't smell like pee. I had noticed that she got a lot wetter than most women, but hadn't realized that even mild arousal would make her soak through her clothing. Apparently, she had no control of her arousal wetness.

Somehow, we managed to arrange two days off together for hiking. It would only be 3 1/2 miles hiking to the camp ground. Only about three times what I walked home during good weather. What could be hard about walking in the mountains with a pack on? When she arrived, I got the biggest of many shocks from Montan. We were taking another guy along! (Gloom and doom: She hadn't shown any interest in trios when one house mate hinted. I preferred mine with two women anyway. It really looked like after our eight-time nights we were headed for a chaperoned hike!)

At the trail head Montan added jugs of wine to our packs. I also overheard that Montan and Big John had some sort of bet on. An hour into the hike Montan asked how I liked it. I smiled, "Great as long as we're not more than ten minutes from a fast food joint where I can rest my aching feet on a real fiberglass and resin chair." Montan held the mountains too sacred for my poor levity. She spread us out to about 20-meter intervals so we could each experience the mountains our own way. After another two hour's switchback hiking she called us back together.

We should have seen the hikers' camp turn-off by now. Should we recheck behind us or continue on? I had no clue, but always hated the idea of being lost. People died that way in these mountains. I later discovered that no hikers in their right minds attack these mountains without a detailed map including elevation changes and landmarks. We did. Montan and Big John decided on forward.

After 3 1/2 more hours of switchbacks (uphill this time) we arrived at a campground. It was a motor campground full of the pickup trucks, stereos, and trail bikes Montan wanted to escape. We had spent 1/2 hr. packing the car, 2 1/2 hr. driving into the mountains, and 7 hours hiking switchbacks and resting and hiking more. Montan hadn't been out of sight for intervals of more than ten seconds during those hours and she hadn't peed. That's nothing unusual for her. However, I had learned that prolonged holding in was more a substitute for sex than a prelude for Montan.

I began to suspect the nature of the bet between Big John and Montan. Montan and Big John walked around some tall plants at lake edge. She didn't take anything to wipe with and was still hardly out of sight. I had accumulated four accounts from women who believed they damaged their bladders by waiting too long. I considered relating these to Montan. However, communication had not been wonderful that day and she hadn't let me in on the game she was playing with Big John. (Heck. Three of the women I'd thought of treated fallen bladder as a benefit.)

After they returned we eat one of those trail diners in which the beef, the carrot sticks, and the cardboard package taste exactly alike. We drank about a pint of wine each. My allergy was objecting strongly to forest pollen and my bladder capacity chose that evening to shrink from its usual 3+ cups to less than one. (Some years went by before I connected my allergy with my wildly variable bladder capacity.)

I peed before bed. Montan didn't. Montan pulled me into her tent and left Big John to his own. As soon as I touched Montan, she snarled, "Don't take me for granted! Go to sleep!" Two hours later my allergy-irritated bladder tried to squeeze out the accumulating wine. I *had* to get up. This obviously annoyed Montan far more than those previous nights I had consumed much beer.

When I really needed to piss again at 7AM, I got up and stayed up. At 8 sharp Montan ran out of the tent and disappeared behind a bush for about four minutes. "That felt really good!" "I bet!" replied Big John. As I suspected Montan was one of those women who could hold on for 24 hours without fidgeting. She did get really irritable! Well, she was 27 and given her inclination to hold in would have gotten fallen bladder in her teens if susceptible to it. (And if it really exists and isn't just an excuse for wetting on purpose.)

After breakfast we debated a return hike of one hour on the shoulderless road or 7 hours of hard trail. We agreed the trail was safer and found the missed turnoff at lunch time. Montan got really mad at Big John when she caught him carving her name into the shelter. After lunch we were exhausted. Montan said a "popper" inhalant would perk us up for cleanup and repacking. Big John abstained. The popper helped Montan and my modes for about 5 minutes. Just enough to make starting the uphill switchbacks bearable.

Mid-afternoon back at the trail head Montan wasn't exactly apologizing for the overharsh introduction to hiking. But she was explaining that it didn't need to be quite so bad. She broke off in mid-sentence and ran behind a salal growth. Maybe fallen bladder's real after all. (Any doctors have any opinions about this?)

She cut off our dates after that (but strangely still let me explore her in the museum archieves and disrupted my attempts to date other Museum employees.) So she never put on a major hold-it show for me. Museum management changed. My questions about benefits were sidestepped. I changed to a more up front employer and don't know whether Montan returned to the museum the next summer. However, after switching from packing wine and drugs to maps and energy foods I've hiked occasionally. Those occasional hikes have produced occasional desperate companions and occasional views of squatters.

