Holding On Gave Me An Orgasm!

by Busting

I 'd been reading blogs about people who 'held on' to their pee until the very last minute and decided to see what all the fuss was about.

So that night, before I went to bed, I deliberatley didn't go to the toilet first, even though I did quite need it.

The next morning, I woke up really desperate, but I refused to pee. I took my daughter, Hattie, to nursery and had to clench my thighs together because the vibrating car was really testing my bladder. I cam home and did some house work but by ten thirty I was jiggling around like a mad woman.

To avoid giving in, I walked to the shop where I knew there was no loo.

On the way back, I had to avoid looking at bushes because the temptation to just go and squat was almost overpowering.

Back home, I pressed my hand between my legs and watched TV to distract me. At lunch I drank some water, because no matter how bad I had to go, I hadn't drunk anything all morning.

I then picked Hattie up from nursery. Her teacher began talking to me and I was nearly crying by the time the conversation ended twenty mintues later. God, I had to pee!

We got into the car, and the first thing Hattie said was "I need to pee."

I was then treated to a running commentary of how desperate she was while I tried to concentrate on driving, and not my pulsing bladder.

I was no so desperate that when we got out of the car, I had to hobble into the house.

I didn't see why anyone would voluntarily do this to themselves so I decided to just give in and go.

"I'm bursting mummy!" Hattie reminded me. So I decided to go when she'd finished - assuming I could hold on that long.

Hattie ran up the stairs to the bathroom, dancing around in desperation. "Quick mummy!"

But I could only take tiny steps, and with my hands firmly between my legs, climbing stairs was no easy feat.

I was doubled over to sto the pee coming as I put Hattie onto the toilet.

But the sound of her gushing pee was too much. I had to go. NOW.

There was no way I could wait til Hattie'd finished, but I didn't want to pee in my pants.

I stri p ped off my jeans and knickers and stepped into the bath.

Pee was already running down my leg by the time I'd straightened up.

"What are you doing? You can't wee in the bath!" said Harriet, horrified.

The relief was really pleasurable and I started to moan with happiness.

"Mummy!" said Hattie, reminding me of her presence. At that moment, I knew I was going to have an orga*sm.

"Hattie! Go outside and shut the door, there's a good girl!" I gasped, my eyes closed as I tried not to yell out.

The second I heard the door close, I moved my hand down to my puss*y, where hot pee was pouring out. I rubbed my cli*t and moaned with pleasure. I then preceded to enjoy the best masturbation I have ever had.

Mind you, 18 hours is pretty pitiful. What's the longest you've held for and did you enjoy it like I did?

