Kristi, a 5'5" 22 year old girl, a friend of mine, is telling me what happened. This is something that happened only last month, on March 8th, 2004 in the Bay Area.
Kristi woke up, her normal routine, on a Thursday morning. She took a shower, dressed up in a skirt (it was an unusually warm weather, reaching 90 degrees just south of San Francisco), took a drink, and took a quick pee before heading out. Working at a Sprint store, which was only half a mile walk through some redwood trees, she got there, avoiding the sun as much as she could since she was feeling hot. She headed there, did her usual work, answering phone calls and helping customers, and drank some water. Quickly feeling her bladder fill up from her drinks, she headed for the restroom, which was unusual since Kristi had a big bladder, and never came close to peeing on herself. It had only been a little over 2 hours since her last pee.
She thought, "Well, I must have not let it all out at home since I was sort of in a rush."
She got back to work, sipping on some more water, and working until her lunch break. Kristi was only a little hungry so she just went to a nearby store and bought herself a bagel to eat. She also purchased some Vanilla Coke, which she drank on her walk back to work.
Another 2 hours passed by until it was 2:30 PM, and her work was done for the day. She was expecting to meet up with her friend, Jodi, to have a nice walk through the park to chat and try to keep themselves as cool as they could.
Kristi hadn't taken the time to pee, and the effect from her drinks was catching up to her. She was determined to just keep going though, and met up with Jodi. They walked to the park, and relaxed under the shade, drinking some water. Kristi needed a pee, but she didn't want to tell Jodi yet unless it was absolutely nearing the point where she couldn't walk.
Throughout the park, it was filled with many people, with kids coming by from school field trips and adults who were relaxing in the rare nice weather. Kristi hadn't noticed any restrooms during their walk, which took place in a big park covering up 4 miles. She knew that there were only 5 restrooms in the park, and figured that there was one at each end, and the other 3 must be scattered around. She tried to forget the feeling in her bladder, and walked up a hill with Jodi to get a better view.
Kristi's need to pee increased another 15 minutes later, and she was starting to feel like she couldn't last long. She had a pretty big bladder, but had never really experienced how long she could hold it, having never been put into that kind of a situation. Kristi told Jodi that she needed to pee.
"Hey Jodi, can we take a quick bathroom break?"
"I don't see why not. I've been needing to go too."
The girls walked around, traveling. There were many trees and places, and it was just too hard to find a restroom. When 15 minutes passed by, and both Kristi and Jodi's need to go heavily increased, they found their destination. Unfortunately, when they arrived there, it said on the sign, "The Bathroom by the Front Parking Lot is Open at This Time. All Other Bathrooms in the Park are closed for Refurbishment. We Apologize for the Inconvenience."
The girls began to whine. Jodi needed to pee more than ever, and she knew that she could only hold it in for only another 5 minutes. The girls walked around, not knowing their way around the park so they could not find the parking lot.
Soon after, Jodi said, "Oh, I just let some drops go, I'm gonna release it all very soon. We need to find a restroom quick."
Instead, Jodi found that maybe the trees would be good cover, since the entire area was covered with them. She decided to just pee over by the corner around some bushes, and ran there, only see some children looking at some blue jays.
She was quite desperate, but she knew that the place was her best bet, so she decided to also enjoy the blue jays, and she would wait until they'd leave. Unfortunately, that place was where all the children were meeting up. Jodi needed a very bad pee, and knew that there it was impossible to be peeing anywhere around so many children that could be running in and out of the bushes at any time, so she and Kristi were forced to move on. She had to find a secluded place to pee soon, because a few more drops had made their way out. With many people around, she thought, it would be impossible to squat down and pee anywhere outside. Finding a garbage can, she rushed over, checking around to see a clear path, and squatted down to pee. Immediately after starting, she had to stop her pee since some adults were strolling nearby. Jodi stood up, putting her skirt back into place, and trying to hold in her pee. Those people walked by, but more and more people came strolling by. She knew she could not wait for an eternity. She tried her best to hold the pee in, as people walked by slowly, gazing around at the area.
Jodi had to let a few more drops go, and the pressure was increasing. She searched for a place to pee, but the only bet was to just go back around the corner and hope the children and their groups were no longer there. Walking, she saw that the place was unoccupied, and the bushes would do well for her cover. She immediately released a huge jet stream, with Kristi watching out for anyone coming by. Meanwhile for Kristi, she was also at the peak of her limit and she was thinking of taking Jodi's place after she was done with her pee.
Kristi saw some kids coming by, and quickly warned Jodi that, so Jodi stopped her pee, quickly pulled up her panties, and adjusted her skirt so it was normal, and walked off. Her 20 seconds of pee had relieved her enough to continue their search for a restroom. Meanwhile, Kristi was in great need, and they couldn't come back to the corner since the pee was trickling down the path, and people would notice what they had done so Kristi desperately held on, hoping she could last until she could find a restroom to pee comfortably.
Just a few short minutes later, Kristi could no longer walk. She saw a bench nearby, and thought of peeing there, but the amount of people around were just too much. Desperately searching for a place to pee, she found that nowhere would be convenient to release the huge stream of pee that had built up pressure in her bladder. Suddenly, her bladder gave up and released. A torrent of pee shot out of her. The people there did not notice what was happening, as luckily, the sprinklers had just come on and the hissing of the pee coming out of Kristi could not be heard. She quickly squatted down and peed for over a minute, as she pretended that she was playing in the sprinklers while she was peeing. Finally trickling down, her pee stopped, and both girls carried on with their activities.
Danielle