Gina, Carol and Fiona were 24 year old triplets, and pretty much identical. The only really obvious difference between them was their hair. Gina wore her natural blonde locks flowing down to the middle of her back. Carol had dyed her hair black and wore it to the shoulders with a severe fringe halfway up her forehead. Fiona had kept her hair blonde but had it cropped close to the scalp.
The girls were sitting in the garden of a man whose money they loved. Uncle Joe, as he liked to be known to them, was celebrating his 65th birthday and he'd invited only three guests – the triplets. He'd known the girls most of their lives as he'd been their fathers business partner. When the girls were 17 their parents were killed in a car crash and Joe kept an eye on them and ensured they never went short of anything, lavishing them with gifts of jewelry and cash for birthdays and at Christmas. He let them have the use of his large country house for parties.
The girls knew which side their bread was buttered on. Joe was a sugar daddy whose money kept the real world of work and responsibility at bay. There was a payment to be made for his largesse. The girls knew that whenever they visited his place the sexier they looked the better. Short skirts, tight tops, and stockings were the order of the day. They flirted with him, but it never became sexual. He would peck them on the cheek and give the occasional cuddle, but that was far as it went physically. There would also be occasions where one of the sisters would accompany him to some corporate do. They took it in turns to do this and used the opportunity to do some flirting of their own.
However, when the invitation had come for his 65th birthday party the girls had been surprised at the fact they had been given a gift of clothes and told to wear them for the occasion.
Each girl received a package and an envelope.
Opening her package Gina was expecting something designer; sleek and sensual, but what she got was a school uniform! She stared at the grey blazer, white blouse, tie, short grey pleated skirt, white ankle socks and white trainers.
When Carol opened her package she was surprised to see a NHS nurses uniform: Dark blue, to the knee, with black stockings and sensible black shoes.
On opening her parcel. Fiona spluttered, as she held up a silky French Maid outfit complete with frilly knickers, petticoats, black fishnet tights, apron and stilettos.
The note that accompanied each package was identical. It read:
BUY ME NO PRESENTS BUT WEAR THIS TO MY PARTY. DRINK PLENTY BEFORE YOU COME (BUT NOT ALCOHOL). DO AS I ASK AND YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
Suffice to say that when the girls got together that evening they had a lot to talk about.
****************************************************************** 
The girls sat on the patio sipping champagne and enjoying the summer sun. All wore the outfits they'd been sent though only Gina felt comfortable. She found that wearing the school uniform felt kind of kinky. Carol was finding her nurse uniform to be restrictive and stiff and Fiona felt a twit in the ridiculously short French Maid's outfit, her frilly knickers on display no matter how she sat or crossed her legs. They'd each drunk plenty of mineral water and were somewhat bemused at why they'd had to do this.
Uncle Joe sat opposite them, smiling.
"Now is the time to explain this little game," he said. "For a long time now you young ladies have lived well off of my generosity and I'm not complaining about that for one moment. I have been happy to give it, but I began wondering how far you would go to thank me."
The triplets stared at him and began to feel a little uneasy. What was going on here? Was this his way of saying he was cutting them off?
If he noticed the astonished looks on their faces he didn't show it and continued, "So for my present today I'm going to ask you each to do something that you'll probably find unpleasant. Disgusting even. But I just want to know if you'll do it for me. Once you hear what it is you may not wish to have anything more to do with me."
Now the girls were moving uncomfortably in their seats and it wasn't just due to the fullness of their bladders either.
Joe continued, "Excuse the outfits. Those are just a little kink on my part. I find these three outfits quite sexy and on you they look quite stunning. Have you worked out what I want you to do?"
The triplets looked at one another. The words unpleasant and disgusting stuck in their minds. It was Gina who looked at Joe and gave a little shrug.
He smiled. "Come along now. I've asked you to drink a lot. Does that not tell you something? As you're the oldest Gina, even if it is by but a few minutes, please stand."
Gina obeyed, smoothing the short pleated grey skirt over her thighs as she did so.
"Gina, I want you to wet yourself."
She blinked at him.
"Come on, let it go. Don't worry if you've not got much."
Gina looked him in the eye. Wet herself? Pee in her panties like a little kid? Stain her clothing with piss? Like hell! "I can't. I won't." She sat back down.
The other two girls, now aware at last of what this was all about exchanged glances.
Joe looked at Carol. "Well, will you wet yourself for me, Carol?"
She stood legs parted and gave a little gasp. For a moment nothing seemed to be happening and then on the crotch of the blue uniform a round dark satin began to appear. It slowly expanded as it moved down the skirt of the uniform. At the same time a little waterfall of pee began to splash down to the ground between her feet. Lines of pee began to run down the black stockings and into the shoes. The stain on the front of the skirt had expanded greatly and pee was now dripping off the hem. Around her rear away from Joe's sight another stain was covering the back of the skirt.
Carol kept her sight fixed firmly on the old man as she felt the warm wetness soaking through her knickers and stockings. She didn't look at the way her skirt was being soaked by her pee, but she was finding the experience strangely enjoyable and not as nearly as embarrassing as she'd thought it would be. She could feel all the eyes upon her.
Then she was done. The last drop of pee was squeezed out of her and she stood, her stockings soaked, shoes full of pee. She felt her panties clinging to her. Only once she was finished did she look down at the uniform and see the big dark stain that covered most of the front of the blue material, a blue that turned a darker shade where the pee had soaked through it.
Gina stared at the stain and wrinkled her nose. Carol didn't look at her sisters, just at Joe whose face was expressionless.
"Very nice, Carol," he said. "How did that make you feel?"
Carol shrugged her shoulders. "Kind of embarrassed, I guess. Also kind of sexy."
"Would you do it again? For the fun of it?"
She shook her head. "I don't think so."
"Sit."
Carol did as instructed, wincing as she did so. Now she felt the wetness on her bum and she stared at the stain on the uniform.
Fiona, watching this and knowing it was her turn next, felt herself breathing harder. It could have been the tension or the anticipation. However, her bladder suddenly felt empty despite the fact it had been feeling uncomfortably full only a minute or two earlier. She also felt her cheeks starting to burn at the thought of wetting herself.
Joe turned his steady gaze to her. "Fiona?"
Fiona stood on shaky legs and glanced at her sisters. Carol was staring at her while idly pulling at the wet uniform. Gina was staring blankly.
"Lift the skirt and let's see your frilly knickers and fishnets in all their glory."
Fiona did as ordered, hiking the short skirt of the maids uniform up to her waist with both hands. She now stood there with the white frilly knickers and black fishnet tights on display.
"Please pee yourself."
Despite the fact her bladder was full Fiona couldn't get anything out. It was as if there was a bloody dam holding the liquid back. She looked helplessly at Joe.
"Just relax, Fiona," Joe said. "All it needs is one drop and then it'll come."
She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. It took a minute, but she felt the first drop seep out into the crotch of the tights. Then it did flood out, surprising her at how much and how forceful it was. She gasped as the pee pooled temporarily in the knickers before soaking through the material and running down the fishnets. It felt so warm and tickled as it ran up and around her bum. She felt the pee flowing down her legs, front and back, before soaking into the sandals she wore. She looked down to see the puddle forming at her feet. Carol's puddle had been quite modest, possibly because her uniform absorbed most of her pee. Fiona's flood only had the frilly knickers to stop it. The splashing it made sounded very loud to her ears.
And then she was done. Even after she'd squeezed the last drop of pee out of her bladder it still continued to run down her legs for a moment and drip down from the knickers.
She looked at Joe who just nodded and told her to sit down. As she sat so there was a loud squelch as her pee sodden bum met the plastic of the sun chair. She crossed her legs wincing at the feel of the clinging fishnets.
Joe looked at Gina again. "Well you've seen your sisters wetting themselves. Didn't seem so bad did it? Just a bit embarrassing and uncomfortable. I mean– you're wearing a short skirt so there'll not be as much to soak as Carol had. And you're not wearing tights like Fiona. If you're lucky you'll just get away with wet panties and if you may even get away with not even soaking your shoes and socks."
Gina looked at her pee stained sisters.
"No. I'll not do it. I can't believe you even asked us to do this. And I also can't believe you two have wet yourselves."
Carol and Fiona couldn't meet Gina's stare. They seemingly had the urge to study their pee stained clothing.
Joe simply nodded and reached into his jacket pocket, producing three manila envelopes. Now the girls had something new to concentrate on.
"I have here an envelope each with your names on. Inside each is a check for $10,000."
Carol and Fiona's eyes widened, eyeing the envelopes hungrily. Gina bit her lower lip and glared.
"To be honest I really didn't think any of you would actually wet yourselves. I wasn't surprised that you turned up wearing the uniforms, but I was surprised that the two of you, wet yourselves. What didn't surprise me was that you refused to demean yourself, Gina."
Flickers of doubt now crossed Carol and Fiona's faces.
Joe then ripped up two of the envelopes and handed the undamaged one to Gina.
PeeJay