23,5 Hours
	18-21 year old woman
Posted by aktl on October 27th, 2010 at 9:51AM

On Wednesday when I got home from school I went to the bathroom. It was a bit early if I wanted to do a hold over the night, but I really needed to go. Half an hour later I went again and decided that I was going to do a hold. During dinner and evening meal I drank my normal amount of liquid, and by the time I was going to bed I needed to pee. I usually cannot sleep with a full or nearly full bladder, but I decided to give it a try. As it happened I was really tired that night and fell asleep within minutes.

When I woke up the next morning my alarm clock hadn’t rung yet. I briefly had time to wonder why before I realized how full my bladder was. It was now 13 hours since I had gone to the bathroom last. I had school and don’t really like to hold in public, but being a Thursday I only had morning classes, so I decided to give it a try. I ate my breakfast, but decided to not drink too much.

Throughout the classes I got more and more fidgety, but it felt so good I didn’t want to waste it by going to the bathroom yet. By the time it was lunch I was really desperate, but I managed to eat sitting down, though at the very edge of the seat to minimize the pressure on my bladder. I didn’t drink anything, because I was afraid I’d lose control. When I was done eating I hurried to the apartment. While unlocking the door I had to cross my legs and squirm, but I managed to keep my hands away until I had opened the door and gone inside.

Finally being away from prying eyes I managed to relax a little, alas keeping my hands away still, but then I realized that my roommate might be there too. I went to check her schedule and relaxed again when I saw that she had all the afternoon classes. That meant I had the whole afternoon to try and hold this in. I knew I wouldn’t last that long, but it was worth a try. By now I’d held my pee for just over 19 hours! It was a record by two hours, though I had been drinking less than normal. My goal has always been 24 hours, but five hours seemed impossibly far away.

At first I managed to keep my mind away from my pee problem by doing some homework, but after a while the constant nagging wouldn’t leave me. I realized that in the middle of all this holding I hadn’t done any real bladder torture, so I started by finding a belt. At first I put it on rather loose, just to get used to it. After a while though I managed to tighten it quite a bit, and after a while I also had “massage” of my bladder. It all felt great, but I still needed something to keep me away from that bathroom, so I started to read stories on EP. It helped me hold on until I’d held for a total of 22 hours. I was now so desperate that I had to take the belt of and start using my hands to hold the building pressure of pee inside me. This being my longest hold made me want to hold on even longer, and worked as great encouragement. However half an hour later I found myself continually walking to the bathroom, even though I told myself I could hold it in a while longer.

When my roommate was due to arrive any minute, I’d been holding for 23 hours! The pressure was so enormous, and my bladder had a bulge so big I’ve never seen anything like it (at least not on myself). It was rock hard and extending almost up to my naval! I was using both my hands, double-crossing my legs, squirming and fidgeting and I don’t even know what more. I couldn’t think straight, and it was only an hour till the golden 24 hours, and I really wanted to make it! I slowly made my way to the bathroom.

If my roommate saw me like this she’d… I don’t know actually, because I’ve never told her about my fetish. Anyway, I was really close to having an accident, and I couldn’t risk her occupying the bathroom when I finally exploded. I got inside and locked the door, and almost immediately after my roommate arrived. At first she went around doing normal stuff, but within minutes she tried the door. I had just managed to get my pants off in case I released involuntarily when she started pounding on the door. She said she needed to go really badly, and I told her that I was changing. She wanted me to change outside because she really had to go. I didn’t know what to do because if I left the room I’d be doomed, especially when I heard that gushing sound of her pee. Just the thought of it made me squirt a bit, and then I had no choice but to sit down on the toilet unless I wanted pee all over the room.

During my great relief I yelled back that I was just going to take a wee myself. When I was done, which took almost two minutes, I got out and saw my roommate was literally on the verge of peeing herself. There was even a wet spot on her pants! Before I could say anything she’d already locked herself in and started peeing. It was a great hold, and I broke my record with 5 hours! However I was quite disappointed when I saw that I had been only half an hour away from the golden 24 hours… But, you can’t have everything in the world, so I guess ’ll just go into training and hold more often so that I can one day reach my goal.

