Bringing Kiera Home Ch. 05
	Jamie introduces Keira to bondage.
AccidentallyKinky

Having had nothing to drink the day before, Keira woke up dry. She couldn't remember the last time she'd woken on a Saturday without a pounding headache, a mouth that felt like sandpaper, and worst of all, lying in a puddle of her own urine.

She had to admit that lying clear-headed in the arms of her boyfriend was the much-preferred option.

"Good morning, darling" Jamie's voice was still thick with sleep.

"Morning, my sexy man," Kiera chirped jubilantly.

"How come you're so full of the joys of spring," Jamie rubbed his bleary eyes.

Kiera bounced out of bed and opened the blinds, "it's Saturday... the sun is shining, the birds are singing, I'm here with the man I love," she climbed back into the bed, nestled under the covers and quietly added, "and I'm not wet."

Suddenly Jamie was wide awake.

"That's right," he sat up "you didn't go out last night."

Keira smiled coyly and shook her head, "no, I much rather stay in with you. In fact," she added as Jamie gathered her into a hug, "I told them that I wouldn't be joining them anymore... if that's okay with you," she tagged on hesitantly.

"Are you kidding me?" Jamie kissed her fervently, "I never really liked you going out drinking like that, it wasn't good for you, and it certainly wasn't good for my bed," he chuckled.

"Shut up," Keira blushed and threw a pillow at him.

"Oh shut up indeed, I'll show you shut up," and he drowned out any retort she might think of with his tongue probing her mouth.

As Jamie explored her mouth and body with his tongue, Kiera suddenly became acutely aware that she was wearing her nappy, and she tried to wriggle out of it before his tongue made its way down to the promised land.

Jamie placed a reassuring hand on her abdomen, "no, no darling. Leave it on."

He got out of bed and rummaged at the back of his cupboard for a minute before returning. Keira tried to sit up to see what he had found, but he pushed her back down.

"Do you trust me, sweetheart?" he asked her.

"Implicitly," she replied, her voice betraying a hint of uncertainty. She didn't doubt her trust but wondered what she had just let herself in for.

He pulled the covers off her and threw them on the floor. The pillows joined the heap soon after. Very soon she was lying spread-eagled on the centre of the bed wearing nothing but her nappy.

Jamie started with the rope; he bound her wrists together, lifted her arms, and tied them to the headboard. Next, he created a loop tie round her ankle and fastened the other end of the rope to the leg of the bed. He repeated this with her other ankle.

She was now spread wide for him, immobilised, her face wearing an expression of disbelief combined with awe.

He then produced the large wand vibrator and grinned lasciviously as Keira's eyes opened wide. She was familiar with that vibrator; it was lethal. Last time he tried to use it on her, it had almost vibrated her clit off, which is how it ended up at the back of his cupboard in the first place.

"Don't worry, sweetheart," he reassured her with a sly smile, "there will be no mutilation of cunt via vibrator today."

And then, in a movement so quick, she didn't see it coming, he covered her eyes with a padded blindfold. Her world, for now, was in total darkness.

He then worked a crotch harness around her waist and used the harness to position the wand against her clit.

She yelped as he turned the vibrator on at its highest speed. The vibrations were so intense they shook her entire body, but with the padded protection of the nappy, she didn't have to worry about her clit being sanded off.

Instead, she settled into the sensation. Even with the extra padding, the vibrations were strong and very soon she felt her clit tingle and her pussy judder to orgasm. From within her nappy, she could feel her cunt leaking its lustful fluids as her clit throbbed beneath the vibrating wand. Her pussy kept dripping its mewlings as, once again, her rosebud nub danced to climax. With each orgasm, arousal kept pouring out of her, and when her third and fourth orgasm followed, her pussy spurted its juices, baptising her in lust.

Jamie watched her struggling against the rope, the sensation in her groin increasingly intensifying as she tried desperately to close her legs to find some relief; to stop the assault on her now engorged and very sensitive clit. Her fifth orgasm had her screaming out, "please please Jamie... I can't... I can't cum anymore... oh no,"... she cried out as orgasm number six ripped through her body.

She flailed about, trying to free herself from the rope that tied her wrists to the headboard, as orgasm number seven elicited a torrent of pleas and her cunt released a fresh flood of sanctifying release.

"I can't... I can't... I can't..." she kept repeating like a prayer, tears beginning to seep out from beneath her blindfold.

Finally, she heard Jamie's voice,"yes, you can. One more."

"No, no... I can't..." she shook her head violently.

"Yes, you can. For me."

Those final two words were the orgasmic amen she needed to submit to one more sanctification.

Immediately after her eighth climax, Jamie switched off the vibrator, quickly followed by removing the blindfold. He wiped the tears from her eyes and lay down next to her, gently stroking her hair.

"Good girl, sweetheart, you did so well."

As her ragged panting subsided, he reached up and untied her wrist rope so he could hold her properly. Her legs were still bound to the bed so she couldn't fold into him the way she wanted, but for now, just being able to touch him was enough.

"You okay, darling?" he asked after her breathing was back to normal. She nodded.

"Good," he grinned, "I'm not quite done with you yet."

Her eyes widened.

"Don't worry, sweetie, I'm not going to make you cum again. Not unless you want to" he teased.

He kissed her on her lips and got off the bed. He made his way to the foot of the bed, leaned over, and opened her nappy.

"My my my, what a mess we have made," he remarked as he surveyed her night-time protection saturated in cunt juices, "it's a good job I didn't let you take this off earlier, isn't it, sweetheart?"

With the lustful evidence prominently on display, Jamie took his ramrod cock in his hands and began masturbating fervently. It didn't take him long before he spurted his stream of dedication over her sticky cunt with some of its droplets joining her pussy purification in the open nappy.

He bent down and licked their combined arousal off her creamy cunt, and then with his mouth full of their sinful ejaculations, he kissed her deeply on her mouth where she shared his anointment.

"See, sweetie, nappies don't have to be embarrassing, they can be fun and sexy too."

A faint pink blush crept up on her cheek as she understood what he'd just done for her, and she felt like she'd just experienced a ritual ablution.

They spent their Saturday relaxing, and, after they both got their energy back, occasionally fucking.

Having spent most of the day naked, they stuck to the theme of the day and ordered in for dinner. Keira decided that after all their dehydrating activities, and not having had a drink for a couple of days, that she would allow herself a beer with her take-out.

A couple of hours later, she was going through some work proposals on the couch, with Jamie reading next to her, when out of nowhere she felt a sudden urgent need to pee. Her alcohol intolerance was getting worse. Now, all it took was a few sips, and she'd wake up wet, but even worse, the enuresis was taking effect a lot faster and with minimal warning. It had only been two hours since her low alcohol beer, and the urge came on fast and furious.

She stood up to run to the toilet and stopped dead in her tracks as urine gushed into her nappy. Her eyes widened in dismay as she realised the implications of what had just happened. She'd pretty much just wet herself, she'd had a bona fide wetting accident like a little girl, and it was only because of Jamie's rule that the situation wasn't a hell of a lot worse.

She ran to the bathroom in complete mortification and hurriedly ripped the offending nappy off herself like it was poison. She lay down on the bed trying to put on a clean one, but her agitation made it impossible and she curled into a ball and burst into tears. And that is how Jamie found her when he followed her to the bedroom five minutes later.

He gathered her up in his arms and let her cry into his chest.

"It's okay, sweetheart," he soothed.

"No, no, it isn't," she wailed... "I've accepted that I've got a problem at night... I wear the nappies... but now... now it seems I can't even be trusted during the day. Why? Why would you want to even be with me... why would you want a girlfriend who is barely even potty trained?"

Jamie sat her up and looked straight at her.

"Now listen to me, my silly little girl. I love you. I'm not going anywhere."

Keira swallowed her sobs as he continued talking.

"Remember what I showed you this morning, I told you that nappies could be sexy too. You want to hear the truth Keira; I think you look adorable in nappies. Every time I see you wearing one, my cock gets hard. But more than that, when I see you peeing yourself, and yes, I know that you do, I know about those mornings when you're too lazy to get out of bed. I get so turned on seeing your nappy get plumper and fuller as you release your bladder into it. And don't think I haven't noticed your reaction to the warm pee spreading against your pussy; I've seen those orgasms you try to hide."

Keira turned away horrified that her secret, shameful desires were not so secret after all.

"No, don't turn away from me," Jamie chided gently. "You pissing in your nappy is adorably beautiful, especially when you are so embarrassed by it," he smiled as he noticed her blushes, "as far as I'm concerned you don't have to pee in a toilet ever again."

Keira's eyes flashed in panic.

"Oh, don't worry, sweetie, I'm not going to ask you to do that. But you never ever have to be embarrassed to let yourself go, either deliberately or by accident. Do you understand?"

"But what if people see?" Keira asked in her little girl voice.

"People? What people? Nobody knows. You only wear a nappy here at home, it's our little secret, just between us. And if I see, so what, I've seen you do it dozens of times. And frankly," he added with a grin "I'd rather enjoy it if you let me watch."

Keira giggled slightly at that last sentence.

"That's better, sweetheart," Jamie wiped her tears with his thumb and kissed her softly on the forehead.

"Now my little bed-wetter," he purred affectionately, "lie down and let me pamper you properly."

Keira gave a gasp of affected indignation at this latest sobriquet, but lay down and let him put her in a clean nappy.

When he was done, Keira sat up on the bed and crossed her legs beneath her like a little girl.

"You mean to tell me," she began softly, "that you actually want me to wet myself... I mean my nappy... like on purpose?" she looked at him with such sweet innocence, that Jamie wanted to hold her in his arms forever.

"Yes, sweet girl, do you think you can do that for me sometimes?"

Her brow furrowed in contemplation for a minute, and then, she looked at him with her big brown eyes and nodded shyly, "yes, Daddy, I think so."

Jamie's heart glowed with the word she had just called him. He wrapped her in his arms and murmured "my sweet little girl" into her soft brown hair.

She woke early the next morning with a need to pee. She contemplated her dryness in the face of last night's conversation. She should be happy she hadn't wet herself overnight, but given what Jamie had told her, did it really matter? She still carried a sense of shame at the thought that she couldn't control her bladder. Peeing on purpose was one thing, but the idea of accidentally wetting herself was still a source of mortification. After all, only little girls did that, didn't they?

And besides, didn't Jamie call her his little girl? She used to hate it. Since when did that diminutive make her little heart bleed rainbows and fairy dust?

She hopped out of bed, took off her nappy, and went to the toilet. Although she had become quite adept at putting the nappy on herself, she liked it when Jamie did it for her, and besides, it was a lot easier. She got back into bed and nudged him.

"Jamie," she whispered, not wanting to shock him into wakefulness. He didn't stir.

"Jamie," she whispered a little louder this time, but he just grunted in his sleep. She considered forgoing the nappy and dozing off for a couple of hours, but she didn't want to risk it.

"Daddy," she whined in a stage whisper.

"What is it, little girl?" he asked his voice gravelly from sleep.

"I need your help putting my nappy back on, please."

"Do it yourself, like a big girl, I know you can," and he closed his bleary eyes to go to sleep.

She practically bounced on the bed, "but I like it when you do it," she pouted.

"Okay, Keira, just this once," he capitulated, "but next time, if you need changing in the middle of the night, you can do it yourself."

But, as she lay back in sweet surrender to his attentiveness, he knew without a shadow of a doubt that he was never ever going to deny her anything. And what's more, seeing the radiant smile on her face, he knew that she knew it too.

