Title: Angela and the Wimp

By: Anon

A rocky islet half a mile offshore Majorca was a strange place to build a night club, but some clever advertising and an inspired DJ had made it the place to go for a wild time. Angela, a self- confident 25 year old on a man hunting holiday, was there on the second night of her holiday. She had already had plenty to drink in the harbour bars, as the night club did not get going until eleven p.m. The night-club provided a shuttle boat as part of the entrance charge, knowing that once they had the customers on their island, they would have to pay whatever they asked for the drinks. 

That night Angela was wearing faded denim jeans that had been a tight fit when she weighed 15 pounds less. Now she was almost bursting at the seams, and the outline of her knickers showed clearly. Shocked at the price of drinks, Angela was drinking the local beer and casting her eye over the stock of un-attached men in the club. As normal, there were a lot of wankers and drips, but enough decent-looking men to make the visit worth-while. One slim man with a really cute little bum caught her attention.

Jason had been on Majorca a week already. He had been to the night club before, and always managed to pick up a girl for the night. He didnit expect that it would be any more difficult tonight. He had had plenty to drink before he came, and was also saving money by drinking beer. As he went to the bar, he noticed a plump blonde in jeans that were far too tight for her. He liked his girls to have some flesh on them, and there were far too many skinny dogs in the club for his liking.

He stood close to the plump blonde who had just happened to have an empty glass. He ordered a beer for himself, then offered her a drink. She had a beer as well, and they moved to a side table and began to get to know each other. When they ordered the next round a beers, the waiter reminded them that a 2 litre jug of beer was cheaper if they were going to stay long. Angela returned from her first visit to the Ladies looking disgusted. "There is only one working cubicle, and the bog in that is blocked up," she told Jason. "I had to pee in it, but it is nearly overflowing, so they had better sort it out soon, or there will not be anywhere for the girls to piss."

Jason also went for a piss, and reported that the mensi was only a trough, and that that was overflowing across the floor, so men were no better off.

A few more drinks and they both wanted to pee again. Angela found that nothing had been done to the ladies, which was now about an inch deep in piss. No way was she going to be able to go in there, so she went back in the club and told Jason they would have to leave, as she was going to have to find a ladies soon. They finished their drinks and Jason said he would have to pee before they left.

"No way!" said Angela, "If I canit piss, then you canit either. If you want to stay with me, then you can suffer as much as I am."

Jason groaned. He wanted to go really badly and had been trying to hide it, but he also wanted to score with Angela, so he was going to have to hold it until they got back onto the main Island. He was twisting his legs together while they were waiting for the ferry, and the sound of water when they were in the ferry made him want to go even more. He was squeezing his cock most of the time, hoping that Angela would not notice, but too desperate not to do it. Angela didnit go in one of the bars round the harbour, claiming that their loos were also filthy, but insisted in going back to her hotel, another 10 minutes walk away. Jason was having to squeeze his cock almost all the time now, which Angela noticed and told him that now he knew how women had to suffer with the filthy loos on the Island. Jason was so bad that could only walk across the foyer of the hotel by holding his cock from his trouser pocket, doubling over and holding with both hands when they were alone in the lift.

When they got to Angelais room, he made straight for the bathroom, almost leaking in anticipation. Angela grabbed him. "Not so fast, who said you could pee. I can still wait, so you will have to as well. This is my room, and you do what I say or get out."

"Please," Jason almost whimpered, "I canit wait any longer, I am going to go in my trousers any moment."

"Take you trousers off then. Iill show you how to wait. Get all your clothes off, you miserable wimp."

Jason obeyed, standing in his boxer shorts clutching his cock with both hands.

"It looks as if I have got to help you wait," said Angela. "Itis said that men cannot pee with a hard-on, so lets get you stiff and see if you still want to go."

She pulled his cock out of his boxers and began to masturbate it gently. Slowly Jason stiffened. Angela pulled harder on it, and then began to use her mouth as well, running her tongue along the length of his cock and quickly sucking the end. She still kept a firm grip on the base of his cock with one hand, not completely trusting Jasonis ability or desire to hold back his pee. Jason was now fully erect, but still squirming about with his legs pressed tightly together. His bladder was near to bursting, and despite his erection, he still desperately wanted to pee. His plight was being made worse by Angela knocking against his abdomen while she worked on his cock.

"Let me piss, Angela, please let me piss before I burst. Then we can make love properly," pleaded Jason, who was so desperate that he could think of nothing else except pissing.

Angela responded by squeezing harder on his cock, which was showing signs of wilting whenever she stopped rubbing it, clamping one hand round it to help him wait.

"You men are always so keen to shag a girl when her bladder is bursting, so now you can learn what girls suffer to give you lot pleasure." Angelais bladder was also bursting, but she was relishing the feeling of fullness, and knew it would be some time before she was in the same state as Jason. By that time, he would either have wet himself or his bladder would have split open.

Angelais attentions were keeping Jasonis cock hard and erect, but despite this, he could not prevent letting a spurt of pee leak out when she relaxed her grip on his shaft. Some of this went in Angelais mouth, and she spat this out and gripped him with both hands.

"You bastard, pissing in my mouth! Iill really teach you to control yourself now."

She gripped the end of Jasonis cock, circling it with her thumb and fingers, effectively clamping off the flow of any more pee he might let out. Jason however, had virtually lost control of his bladder, which was distended to its limit. No matter how hard he tried to hold it back, he could not prevent more spurts of pee leaking out. Angela could feel the spasm going through his body, and tightened her grip on him, preventing the pee leaking out of the end of his cock. As Jason lost control of his bladder and let more pee out, it was trapped in the tube from his bladder. As he let more out, so the pain in his cock became unbearable. He tried to push Angela away and make her let go of his cock.

"Let go of me, its agony! Iive got to piss now or youill kill me!"

Angela ignored his cries, keeping one hand tight on his cock while pulling him towards her with the other arm, knocking her shoulder against his abdomen, applying pressure to his bladder. This made Jason try to force out another big spurt of pee, but Angela was still keeping to end of his cock clamped closed. Jason was now in agony and with tears streaming down his face tried to push Angela away, or at least take the pressure for his abdomen. His cock felt as if it was swelling up and going to burst like a balloon. Jason was in a panic now, and losing all control was punching Angela in desperation to get her to let go of him.

He finally managed to get Angela to release his cock, allowing him to let out a jet of piss like a water cannon, shooting almost horizontal across the bathroom. After about 5 seconds the pressure began to reduce to a normal desperate stream, and he tried to direct the jet somewhere near the toilet pan. By the time he was fully in control of his pee, his bladder was almost empty, most of the contents having been voided in the first ten seconds. He collapsed to the floor, holding his abdomen and genitals. "Oh God! it hurts so much still, I must have damaged something inside."

Angela had almost reached a climax when she saw the pressure of Jasonis first piss, and was now eager to have him attend to her own desires, but she saw that he was not capable of anything except holding his stomach and groaning in pain, saying he had to get to a hospital before he died.

"You miserable wimp," she spat at him, "get the fuck out of here and find your hospital. Maybe they will give you something that will make you a real man, not a weak bladder boy."

Jason needed no second telling to go. All he wanted to do was to get away from this feminist monster before she did him any more harm. He pulled on his clothes and stagger out of her room. "Youire a crazy pervert, you could have killed me." Was his parting comment.

Angela sat on the bed and pressed her hand between her legs, unzipping her jeans to ease the pressure on her own bursting bladder. What a failure of a night! All she was going to get was a full bladder wank, and she could do that any night in England. She stood up and pulled down her jeans, there was no point in wetting them and paying more laundry bills. Wearing only her tiny knickers, she stood in the shower and began rubbing between her legs. She pictured the explosive blast of pee when Jason had finally let go. She had never seen anyone, male or female, pee like that before, so that was something positive from the evening. eSome you win, some you lose,i she thought, and there will be another night, another man who might be able to hold his piss.

