Measure for Measure for Pleasure ( Part 2 )
When Katie had Joan and her mum to stay, she found that Jane had a severe weak bladder problem, which as it got better, made Jane increasingly randy. Katie became aware of her increasing responsibility so that when they left the village pub that night, she wished she had persuaded Jane to go to the loo before they left.As she felt the cool night air beneath her skirt she herself felt the need to wee, and was certain that Jane must be feeling it much more acutely. The fact that Jane had to wear an incontinence pair of panties that could not be removed without help made her more aware of her protective role with her friend. As they made their way up the village street, they could hear the noise behind them of the other revelers, including the crowd of lads that Alan, a hunk that had taken Jane's fancy, was with. When they reached the access to the footpath that led through the woods to Katie's house, Katie scrambled over, but when Jane put one leg over it she gasped "oh I nearly peed myself then!" And once over the fence "Katie I can't wait, undo my panties, I need to pee," she cried. Katie turned, "no the lads will reach us any second, you don't want Alan to catch you squatting. Jane laughed with the result that she could not help but release a short jet into the liner of her panties "if it turns him on like it did you, I will sit and pee all night." Katie's mind was filled with the memory of the pleasure she and Jane enjoyed earlier when in the pub toilet, she having removed Jane's panties and watched her get excited as she peed towards orgasm. Katie had been so turned on she had removed her own panties and sitting on Jane's knee pissed on Jane's clitty, making her cum. Then Jane frigged Katie to make her cum, not that it had taken much. Katie's panties went damp at the memory. "Come on, I will undo you and you can pee in the woods." Jane struggled after Katie, taking very short steps her hand clutching herself through the pads in her surgical panties. When Jane reached the edge of the wood, Katie was way ahead, Jane called to her, Katie seemed not to hear, and was putting more distance between them. Jane now desperate and called out "please Katie, help me. You know I can't take them off on my own. I have got to wee now!" She stooped and putting her hands behind her under her skirt tried to undo the fastening on her special panties, but they were designed to stop her from doing just that. Unknown to Jane, Alan had jumped over the fence and silently followed them. He was now near enough to see Jane's plight. "Need a hand, do you then?" Jane was so startled she started to wet herself and only with difficulty stopped when she recognized Alan. As it was dark, Alan did not see Jane's face go purple. Alan put his hand on her arm, "look don't be silly. I know your problem – Katie told me while at the bar. The two of you were seen while in the ladies, where you were so carried away you did not notice the landlady looking in. She told me and I promised Katie that I would shut her up as long as Katie told me all about it. I told her I fancied you and wanted an opportunity to talk with you alone, that's why I am here. I did not expect to find you like this." While Alan had been talking Jane had been fiddling with the fastening on the back of her panties. He laughed. "Look I know it's an unusual thing to say on first meeting a girl, but – can I help you remove your panties?" Jane saw the absurdity of the situation and relaxed enough to start laughing. "Well please, but that's as far as it goes you see even if I wanted to (which she did) I can't do anything more at the moment." "I know, Katie told me how your uterus was damaged, now lets get your panties down before you fill them up." He then turned Joan around, lifted her skirt and began fiddling with the fastening. "Hurry" moaned Joan. "It's coming. I can't stop it." Then as Alan undid the last stud and pulled her panties down, his hands were soaked by Jane's spray. Jane managed to get one foot out of the leg hole and squatted peeing furiously. Alan could not believe his luck – his prick was tenting out his trousers. Then as Jane's pee trickled to a halt, he lifted her to her feet and kissed her tenderly. Jane could feel his arousal through his clothes– she would have liked to fuck there and then but did not dare. "I can do some unfastening of my own, here!" Jane unzipped Alan's trousers and freed his prick, then taking the soaking pad from her panties; she pressed it along his shaft with her leg. The thoughts of where that urine soaked pad had been, had him spurting over Jane's leg in seconds as he clutched her to him, sending jets of spunk all over her lower belly. At that moment Alan's bladder (remember he had been drinking lager for a number of hours) finding his erection no longer an obstacle expelled its contents. Jane feeling him hosing on her leg took hold of his prick and directed the jet on to her clit. For the second and the best time that night she climaxed on a stream of someone else's pee soaking the front of her. Jane just wanted to power her self on to his prick, but his stream increased in pressure, and Jane clamped her legs together on Alan's prick squeezing it opening so his pee drilled into her, driving her to ecstasy as convulsions shook her body. "Fucccckkkk" she screamed as in order to drive her to further heights her inserted his finger up her bottom. Then slowly, peace returned. Alan watched as Jane replaced the wet panties' liner and bent so he could re– fasten her panties. As she stood, she picked something up, as her skirt dropped into place she pulled the top of his pants open and said "prezzie" wrapping her pee soaked liner around Alan's cock. The gesture was so rude but it thrilled Alan who then walked Jane home and made his way home the wet panty liner wrapped round a throbbing erection.
Undine