There was a bit of a delay getting this third part out to you all. I thought I had sent it just a couple days after part two, but I think I suffered a bit of an organizational breakdown. At any rate it never got sent, but here it is now, better late than never. I hope you all are enjoying reading this– it has gotten longer than I thought it would. At first I thought two parts would take care of it, but it is really a lot of fun to write about, so I'm including all the detail I can remember. I've decided to put my e–mail address on this one just so I can hear how you all like my story. You can write me using the link at the bottom of this page. All I ask is that you don't bother trying to find out who I am and don't bother asking me for a date. This is all a real part of my life, but it isn't a part of my real life, if you know what I mean. I hope you enjoy this installment and I look forward to hearing from you!
— Janis
All the way back to the house my wet panties were driving me wild. My jeans weren't terribly tight and I had actually felt a couple of drops trickle from my crotch down along my leg a little way until they were absorbed into the denim. At one place, when Carol was pointing out something ahead of us, I reached down and felt the crotch of my jeans quickly, there was definitely a bit of moisture coming through. I could hardly wait to get back to the house and into the privacy of the bathroom where I could pleasure myself, there was just no way that I could do it out here with Carol watching, even if she had done it in front of me.
When we arrived at the house Carol announced that she needed to check her phone messages and take care of some business, so she headed through to her desk on the far side of the kitchen. It couldn't have worked out better for me, the bathroom was on the far end of the house and I was sure I could do what I wanted to without her knowing. I murmured some sort of agreement as she left the room and turned on the TV to give the impression I was going to sit and watch something. For a few moments I stood there, hesitating, then I decided that I definitely was going to do it. The walk back had been long enough that I had dried out a bit, so I decided the first thing to do was get that feeling back. I still didn't really need to pee, and now that I was a bit more removed from the thrill of being desperate and watching Carol pee I was having a hard time making anything happen, it just seemed to be too cold–blooded. But I was still hot and horny, and I wanted to do something, and damp panties were definitely a part of it. I tried squeezing really hard, but that didn't help, finally I sat in front of the TV and relaxed. I gently stroked my breasts through my blouse, feeling my nipples get hard and enjoying the tension building in my innermost parts. My other hand drifted down to my crotch and I slowly stroked the inside of my thighs. I was tired partly from the short night and partly from the long walk, so the gentle stimulus was lulling me almost to sleep. After several minutes of this I was feeling warm and relaxed to where I just relaxed that sphincter and a glorious hot spurt flowed into my panties. I could feel a trickle back along my crack and knew I had achieved my goal of getting that wet feeling back. In fact I was wetter than I'd ever been before in a pair of pants. Pissing my pants wasn't really my plan, so as soon as that one spurt escaped I clamped down, but it had been a pretty good spurt and I was afraid my jeans were going to be embarrassingly wet.
The thought that Carol might return and find me sitting on the couch in front of the TV in wet jeans was enough to make me get up start and moving. A few quick steps and I was in the bathroom with the door closed. As I shut the door I noticed that there was a full–length mirror on it, I hadn't noticed it before because Carol's robe had been hanging in front of it. Now I stopped and looked at myself in it. I was wearing a snug–fitting blouse over my usual support bra, and my nipples were clearly standing up and saluting! My jeans lay smoothly over my hips (perhaps a bit too round, but OK) without being of the skin–tight variety, but what really grabbed my attention was that right at my crotch there was a small dark patch. Not big, just a bit showing at the bottom of the zipper and only about as wide as two fingers. I spread my legs apart to see better and got a bit different view, the wet spot extended clear down along my crotch and out of sight. I quickly turned around and bent over so I could see my butt. There was a very obvious wet streak showing exactly where that piss had trickled to when I was sitting on the couch.
Tentatively I slid my fingers along the denim over my bottom until they came in contact with the wet part, it was a shock to touch it, to feel the dampness and the warmth. I gasped and stood again, facing the mirror once more. Almost without my controlling it, my hand slid up the inside of my thigh to my crotch, the fingers probing the wet areas and sending sensations like electric shocks throughout my system. That dark, wet spot seemed to hold my eyes and turn me on in entirely new ways. My breathing got shallow and I was almost lightheaded as I cupped my throbbing mound under the wet denim. Finally I couldn't stand it any more. I unfastened my jeans and slowly opened them. I was breathing jerkily now, in little gasps as I slid my hand down onto the wet crotch of my panties. One hand still clutching my breast, I rubbed myself through that wet cotton, squeezing drops from my panties to run down my legs and pressing the wet material against my pussy that was now flowing with its own juices. I hadn't ever watched myself like this before, and the visual stimulus helped me to a rapid and explosive orgasm, the waves of pleasure almost dropping me to my knees. As the feelings subsided I leaned against the wall for a few moments to catch my breath then pulled my jeans back up and fastened them. I hoped the wet spot wasn't so big as to give me away, but at one level I really didn't care. I washed my hands and went out to sit down on the couch next to Carol, who came in from the kitchen just as I walked out of the bathroom.
We sat and watched TV and talked for a while then had lunch. A bit later Carol suggested a drive into town to get some groceries and let her run some errands. By that time I had dried out to where there was just a hint of moisture in the crotch of my panties. My jeans were completely dry and nothing showed, so I was ready to go. We both hit the bathroom and then we were on our way.
The trip to town wasn't really necessary, we had sufficient food in the house, and there wasn't really anything else that we needed to do. I suspect that Carol just wanted to get some time away from the cabin where we could let some of the sexual tension die down. The problem is that I don't think that we really wanted to stop. I know that I was getting a real thrill out of discovering that Carol was into some of the same sorts of things that I enjoyed, even though I hadn't told her yet about my private life. And despite all my misgivings about it, I wanted to explore the sexual feelings between us some more as well.
It turned out that our trip wasn't terribly exciting. We went to the grocery store and didn't get much then just wandered around doing some window–shopping and talking about nothing much. It had been long enough since we had seen each other that there was a lot of catching up to do. Finally, as we walked past the movie theater, I suggested that we go and see a movie.
The movie wasn't much (in fact I can't remember what we saw), but as I was buying a large soft drink Carol decided that we should see if we could make it through the movie and back home without peeing. I was a bit dubious, but figured it would work out OK since Carol had already drunk at least one bottle of water and was now purchasing a larger drink than I had. What I should have figured was that she had a lot of practice with holding it, while I didn't do that very much, and had never done it intentionally. By the time the movie was over I was regretting the plan. I needed to pee pretty badly and it would be at least a half hour before we would be back to Carol's place. I found myself sitting in the car, very tense while I tried to hold back the flood. Carol kept looking at me and smiling, she knew that she was going to win this contest. My worry was just trying to make it all the way back to Carol's. We must have been about half way back and I was sitting with my legs crossed and jiggling my leg to try to hold it back when I noticed that my crotch was getting warm. I couldn't feel the pee escaping, but I could feel that I was starting to get wet. "Stop the car!" I yelled, "I've got to pee right now!" Carol obligingly pulled off to the side of the road, fortunately little traveled at that hour of the night, but I knew before I even got out of the car that I'd already lost the battle. My piss–hole seemed to be numb, I couldn't feel myself peeing, but I could feel the wetness spreading, trickling down along my crack and soaking the seat of my jeans. The heat building up inside me at the thrill of wetting my jeans again was matching the heat from the pee on the outside of my crotch. Suddenly I didn't care if Carol was watching or anything, I just wanted the thrill of really peeing my pants. I jumped out of the car, but instead of pulling down my jeans and squatting like Carol obviously expected me to do I turned and faced the open door of the car, spread my legs a bit and relaxed. It seemed like a really slow start, I could feel the wetness in my crotch increasing, the heat spreading and slowly starting to spread down my legs. At first it was just the same slow trickle that had started uncontrollably in the car, but a few moments later the real flood begin. As I relaxed the muscles that had been clenched since the middle of the movie finally let go, and boy did I go! My pussy was hot, wet and throbbing. I had that clenched–fist feeling in my gut that just screamed that I wanted to come and that hot liquid poured down my legs. I was breathing hard and so turned on that my knees were shaking. I wanted to rub myself but I had to keep both hands on the car just to be able to stand up. Gradually the flow eased and I actually enjoyed a small orgasm, gentle waves of liquid fire pulsing through me. As I shuddered to a stop and squeezed the last few drops out I looked up at Carol and drew in a deep breath. She was staring at me with her eyes wide and her mouth open.
"Holy shit, Jay!" she blurted out, "you're really enjoying that!"
I smiled at her, a little shy all of the sudden, and nodded. "You showed me your little secret earlier, now you've seen mine. I accidentally wet myself a couple of years ago and liked the feeling so much that I do it whenever possible."
"Wow! I've never actually wet my pants, well, aside from a little bit once in awhile when I hold it too long, but never like that."
"To tell the truth I've never wet my pants like that before either. I usually just pee through my panties, this time it just seemed like the thing to do, so I did it."
"I think we've got more to talk about tonight! Are you ready to go? And how do you propose to avoid getting the car seat soaked?"
"Like this." I said, as I straightened up and reached to the button on my jeans. I quickly unfastened them and pushed jeans and panties down to my ankles. The jeans had absorbed most of the moisture, so there were only a few drops on my butt and thighs. I twisted around and sat on the seat while I shucked my shoes and socks then dumped the whole works on the floor in the backseat. "How's that?" I asked Carol with a big grin. "Let's go?"
She smiled and her eyes roamed across my bare legs, the tail of my blouse was long enough to hide my crotch, but as I reached back to put on my seat belt I sort of "accidentally" hiked it up. If Carol wanted to look at me I figured it was only fair to give her something worth looking at. The dome light was pretty inadequate illumination, but she still looked her fill before announcing that she needed to piss. I wasn't at all surprised when she walked around the car and pushed her jeans down in front of my still–open door. And it was what I expected when she proceeded to rub herself to a massive orgasm while peeing, I'd figured out a few things about Carol in the last 24 hours. And it was a pleasantly shocking feeling to see that she did it while staring right at my bush. It was too dark for her to see much, but imagination is far sexier than reality. I did give her a break and shifted around so that she got a better view of me. Frankly it was a huge thrill to know that I was turning her on like that!
She finished, stood and pulled up her jeans, then grinned at me before walking back around the car to the driver's door. "Now we can go," she announced as she pulled the car back onto the road. As she accelerated up through the gears she kept glancing at my legs and with the last shift slid her hand over onto my thigh. She stroked it up my leg then curled her fingers through my bush, exploring the wetness there. "So wet" she murmured.
I put my hand over hers and held it there for a moment. "Not now. Not yet." I whispered as I moved her hand away. "Let's go to your place and talk about it."
We finished the drive in silence. I knew that we were both thinking about what we might do when we got back to the house, but I was also thinking about what I had just done. In a little over a day I had gone from an almost prissy girl who hadn't even peed with another girl in the bathroom and to whom sex was still a complete mystery to a woman who had just gotten a huge thrill out of pissing my pants in front of my best friend and was now not just thinking about, but actually planning and intending to start sex play with another woman! Frankly it had me thoroughly scared and by the time we reached the house I had subconsciously put both hands in my lap and was trying to hide myself. I even found myself wishing I had my panties on so that I could pee in them some more – it's a comfort thing – I just feel warm and secure when I'm doing that. I was actually working myself up to telling Carol that absolutely nothing was going to happen when we pulled up to the house.
In the silence after Carol turned off the motor we both just sat and stared straight ahead for a minute or two, then I took a deep breath and turned toward Carol. "Carol... I..." was as far as I got.
"Hush, Jay," she whispered. "Don't get uptight." Then she leaned over to me and our lips met.
What went on for the rest of that evening isn't really any part of this story. We didn't do any pee play or anything– we just tried to give each other pleasure. Suffice is to say that by the time we went to sleep I had enjoyed a few more firsts. For the first time in my life someone touched my body to bring me pleasure, for the first time in my life I enjoyed an orgasm that was brought on by someone else, and for the first time in my life I returned the favor. Finally, quite late, we cuddled up together and went to sleep, to dream of pleasure – and of love.
Janis ( Email welcome... just click on the name )