Jogger’s Agony
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

It was 6.30 in the morning, and Anne got up her bed as usual to have a light shower and put on her white tracksuit and trainers to go on her regular jogging run. In order to keep trim, she does this every morning, even if it was cold outside. Her run was a four-mile round trip, part of was to go through her local park.

She had no problems going most mornings, but on this occasion, she felt the need to go to the toilet. She had been drinking too many colas the previous night and went to bed without going. She was jogging hurriedly by now, as if being in a race with herself. She wanted to relieve herself when she got indoors. Then she had a bright idea… she felt it would be better to pee in the park.

A while later, Anne jogged to the park and tried to find somewhere to pee. It was difficult because she did not want to be seen by the park warden. The pressure in her bladder grew intense, and by this time she was grabbing her crotch tightly. Eventually, she found a long bush at a secluded end of the park. She raced around, and pulled her bottoms down as fast as she could, crouched down and waited. Her bladder, however, would not relax. She was trying to force her pee out with all her might, but it still would not come. Suddenly, she heard a dog barking, so she hurriedly pulled up her bottoms and continued on her regular jogging route.

Anne was going to regret not peeing in the park…. she had grabbed herself with one hand, and the pressure on her bladder was so bad that she felt she was on the verge of wetting herself. She kept stopping in brief intervals so she keep her bladder under control. Soon, she found it almost hard to jog as she thought more about trying to prevent an accident.

Suddenly, she felt a little pee seep through her panties…. she panicked… she was wearing her white tracksuit, and dare not contemplate a visible wet spot if she could not hold it in. In intervals, she let go brief spurts of pee, just to soak her panties. She then started to run the rest of the way back to the house. Then she felt more pee seep through the thin material of her bottoms and trickled down her legs.

She was so frantic, so when she eventually reached the doorway of her home, she searched for her keys, but couldn’t find any. She had forgotten to take them out. As she lived on her own, she was effectively locked out of her house. She then felt she couldn’t hold it any more, and decided to let go. The pee then drenched her panties and tracksuit bottoms forming a small puddle.

She felt further embarrassment when the postman walked up and saw her in this state. She explained to him that she was locked out of the house and asked him to help her get in. He obliged and when she did manage to get inside, she thanked him. From then on, Anne always makes sure that she uses the toilet before she goes jogging every morning.

