Julie 5: Our Public Hold-It Contest

By Dickie

Shortly after our escapade on the beach another Saturday dawned fine and hot. We could not go straight to the beach as I wanted a new HI-FI and had planned to try out some that day. Julie also fancied going round the shops; and, despite the pile, we had bought last time, we kept running out of clean dry towels. We were up early and had a good breakfast, including a large jug of strong coffee, still in our dressing gowns. Julie lead the way to get dressed but instead of entering the bathroom she reached inside, removed the key from the door and locked it.

“Hey I’ll need a piss before we go and so will you”

“No I won’t and you will just have to hold it too.” Pocketing the key she lead the way into the bedroom.

She drew me towards her and we kissed a long slow deep snog. She pulled back and grinned. “It’s time, she said slowly, to take the big risk. Overcome that last taboo.”

“If you mean to piss ourselves in public, I don’t think I can, and I bet you can’t either, except for the wetting your knickers under your skirt trick” I replied.

“Deliberately, no, but suppose we put ourselves in the situation where we couldn’t help ourselves?” “How are we going to do that? There are lots of public loos around and anyway I’ll probably just unzip and piss in the gutter if I get really desperate; I’ve done that before and I’m liable to do it again, especially if you cheat”

“Suppose we set it up so that we cannot cheat?”

I looked at her hard. “OK you’re on providing we make the cheating really impossible, and I bet you a meal in the sick parrot that I can last longer than you. We’ll go to the beach after the shopping and let go there like we did last time. Just to stop you cheating you’ll wear pale jeans same as me; you can’t be trusted in a skirt.”

“OK we both dress in the same way and I’ll choose the clothes.” Julie went to the closet and returned with a pair of well washed blue jeans for each of us. She chose two similar shirts; a blue denim one with long sleeves for her and check short sleeved one for me. She laid them on the bed and returned to rummage in the closet; emerging with a carrier bag from under the clutter in the bottom. “What’s in the bag?”

“Underwear.” She pulled out two stretch cotton/Lycra garments; one piece exercise outfits of the type that have recently become popular for work-outs.

Slightly doubtfully I pulled mine on, I had planned to cheat and find a gutter when she wasn’t looking but this garment would make that a lot more difficult. The bottom half was close fitting like cycling shorts and extended tightly to mid thigh. The top was like a high cut vest with just enough stretch to get my arms through. Once I had it on there was no way I could use a urinal without undressing completely. Of course nor could Julie. We could still sneak off to a toilet but it would be a lot more difficult as we would be watching each other continually.

I put on my jeans and shirt after checking that Julie’s outfit really was the same as mine without a crotch fastening. and she followed suit. I then went to get a belt but she stopped me fishing once more into the carrier for two new solid leather belts. With them were two small padlocks still sealed in their blister packs.

“Anti cheating gear,” she grinned at my look of despair which would have revealed my intention of cheating if she had not already guessed it; she knows me too well.

The belt were the right length to secure the jeans with no room at all for slipping. Just below the buckle holes two other holes had been punched in the leather and the padlocks fitted through these and around the buckle making the belt impossible to undo without the key. When we unpacked the locks one key of each was hung on a candlestick in full view whilst I kept the other to her lock and she to mine.

She had got me sewn up well and truly, neither of us could possibly undress to pee without the other unlocking them.

I was already beginning to want to go as we left the house and my heart was pumping with the delicious fear of being really publicly embarrassed. I could tell that Julie was having a similar experience, even if it was her idea. This was a big increase in the stakes, broad daylight in the centre of the town unless we could hold it until we got to the beach.

The shopping centre was crowded and we had to wait quite a long time for the hi-fi demo; during which I became more and more uncomfortable and Julie started squirming in her seat. What with watching Julie and the pressure in my bladder the impressive amplifier was wasted on me and I decided to put off the purchase. Then we went to the Virgin Megastore for the new Wynton Marsalis album. It was eleven O’clock and time for coffee, on the way to our favourite coffee place Julie insisted in looking around Marks & Spencer, Top Shop and even The Body Shop for some bath oil to supplement the dozens of bottles we already had. Every time we had to queue at the check out and all the while the pressure in my bladder grew.

In the coffee shop sitting down provided some relief, not so the coffee, a large cafietere again, and Julie watched my every sip to make sure I drank my full share.

I was ready to skip the towels and go straight to the beach; still half hoping to avoid the embarrassment but that was not to be.

“We’ll need them to sit on and dry off with,” she said quite reasonably; and lead the way to a department store at the other end of town.

Another hour went by and I was getting to the stage where I was feeling as though melt-down was imminent. Perhaps now we would head for the beach? It was not to be as Julie lead me into a pub and insisted on ordering lunch, and two beers.

Resigned to my humiliation all that kept me dry was grim determination not to let her beat me; and that was getting weaker by the minute. Again the pressure eased as we sat down. Side by side so that we could keep an eye on each other’s crotches for the first signs of dampness.

I drank the beer slowly as the pressure grew and kept my legs pressed tightly together. The feeling was now so strong that it hurt all up to my naval. I felt as though my bladder had expanded to fill my whole gut.

Getting up to leave without leaking required a real effort of concentration; somehow I managed it by simulating a partial erection as I stared at Julie’s crotch and imagined it getting dark and wet. Focusing on it was not too easy as she was jigging around very fast now. Her expression revealed she was in as much distress as I was. Surely she couldn’t hold it much longer?

The weather was getting really hot and I thought nothing of it as Julie removed her shirt showing off her great figure clad in the tight black Cotton/Lycra top. We passed through a small public garden at a brisk trot; until Julie suddenly stopped beside a seat. “It’s no good; you win; I’ve just got to go.”

I nearly accepted this surrender and gave in myself; but I didn’t quite believe her; besides there were lots of people around and partly inhibition and partly will power enabled me to resist. Just as well because Julie still took her time. She settled down on the seat and got out a magazine. Just what trick was she going to play now?

When she had taken her shirt off she had tied the sleeves around her waist so that it hung down over her bum and the cuffs were in front of her crotch. I noticed as she sat that she had lifted it up so that she was not sitting on it.

Her crotch was visible to me although not to the passers by. AND THEN IT HAPPENED a small stain appeared around the base of her zip as she opened her legs slightly. Then she was pissing in earnest with the classic hissing sound muffled by the denim. The front got slowly wetter by capillary whilst a torrent poured between the slats in the seat and over the grass. It went on and on for ages and I got such a hard on just from looking at her that my own desperation was much more controllable. I had won well and truly and looked round to see the audience response to her humiliation.

NOBODY HAD NOTICED! and now as Julie got up her shirt hung down and effectively hid her wetness front and back. She may owe me dinner but it was I who would soon be humiliated, not her! I was not about to copy her shirt trick and reveal a swim suit like top. Besides my shirt had short sleeves. So it looked as though it would be me they would all be staring at.

“Come on lets get to the beach I want a swim.” She looked cool and relaxed now she had an empty bladder.

“Come here you evil cheating conniving bitch and give me a kiss; you know I can’t hold it until then don’t you.” I grinned as I slagged her off and she approached me slowly and suspiciously leaning forward to kiss me without touching my body. I grabbed her and pulled her close into a warm embrace; and grasped her ass as I did so. I pressed the dry denim of her shirt into it until I felt it getting soaked from her wet jeans underneath. In front too I could feel my erection pushing my jeans against her wet ones and getting slowly dampened with her cooling piss.

“You bastard now I’ll show wet behind. It wasn’t in the rules, we said nothing about moving shirts around.”

“What rules; you are a cheat, that’s what you are”

Well you’ll just have to walk behind me that’s all."

“OK by me,” I said “but first I just must have a piss.” Holding her even tighter I finally let go; forcing it out in spurts slowly flowing deliciously hot through the shorts, which were holding my penis pointing upwards, and being absorbed by the bottom of my shirt. Then finally oh bliss, the full flood. Out through the cotton/Lycra drenching the crotch of my jeans and down both legs. As they were in close contact with Julie’s her legs and front too was soaked.

NOW PEOPLE SAW US! Most just looked away embarrassed as we stared back at them in defiance but a group of boys, about ten or eleven years old, stared openly and pointed and laughed. “Cor he pissed himself, deliberately; and all over her too.” “Yea just like in those kinky stories on the net I was telling you about and you wouldn’t believe me.” Two middle aged women just stared in amazement whilst a straight looking gent looked severely disapproving and another woman said “They ought to be arrested; where are the police when you want them.”

We had certainly really well and truly done it now. Pissed ourselves in a really public place. But Julie still had come off best as I GOT ALL THE BLAME.

Finally my bladder was empty. “Come on lets run for it before some body really does find a policeman. I don’t want to explain in a police station especially in this gear.”

We raced through the town, still attracting looks wherever we went, across the promenade and on to the beach. Stopping only to throw our bags in a pile and claim a space we ran fully clothed into the water, which was full tide and quite rough.

One more inhibition well and truly blown; and we had survived it; just. And the competition? Well we called it a draw. We spent the rest of the afternoon on the beach in the one piece sports outfits periodically pissing in them and sometime later going swimming again to rinse them off. We laid our jeans and shirts out in the sun to dry. When the sun went down we got dressed in our salty clothes; our outer garments looked dry but underneath we were still a little damp but only with salt water not piss. We looked fine ’though and went straight to dinner without going home to get changed first. I bought the food as agreed and Julie paid for two full bottles of wine to go with it; because she had tried to cheat.

As we still had on our restricting underwear using the restaurant toilet would have been difficult although we were no longer locked in. Withought saying anything to one another we nodded our agreement to hold on until we were ready to leave; I was getting pretty desperate and Julie was wriggling nicely just before we got up to go.

As we queued to pay our bill I glanced down to see the crotch of her jeans begin to darken and hurried to finish paying. It spread down her front and spread widely across the salty fabric as we approached the door the first rivulets had reached her knees. I watched fascinated hardly able to concentrate on signing the credit card slip. This time I didn’t feel nearly so inhibited about joining her and pushed the first spurts into my underwear as I dropped a good size tip into the saucer and turned away. Once started I couldn’t stop and it spread surprising quickly much to the amusement of another couple entering the narrow doorway as we came out

We marched down the steps outside the resturant with our piss flooding down our jeans. I held her tight to me, when we reached the footpath, and once more our waters mingled between us. We then walked home in the dark absolutely soaked and dribbling more into our already wet pants all the way.

A seaside town in England; Summer 1997
