Jeanine was a girl I went to school with back in high school. She, to me, was beautiful, about 5 foot 7, maybe 140 pounds, short black hair, brown skin, a body not too thick but not too thin. What caught me about her was for someone who tried too hard to act too good for me, she really made a lot of bad choices in men back then. 
It was a little into February when she told the class a story about how when she was younger she would hold it as long as she could, run up to the top stair of her apartment building, then cross her legs and pee her pants. I couldn't tell by the way she told the story whether she liked it or not, but just thinking of her deliberately peeing into her panties and shorts made me want to watch her desperate to pee. I wouldn't have cared if she peed or not, just watching her bounce around in her tight jeans would be good for me.
The first time I got such a chance was during homeroom; it wasn't an actual class, more or less a 15–minute waiting period before lunch. This day she was wearing tight faded light blue jeans, a white top and a grey sweatshirt that zipped in the front. She walked in already dying to go, she set her book bag down next to her desk then ran out of the classroom, crossed her legs as she got to the door, then turned towards the bathrooms. I guess she didn't get to go because when she came back she was in the same state as when she left. The bell rang and the teacher closed the door, Jeanine was still standing with her legs crossed, at this point she couldn't stand still, guess she didn't think of sitting down to take the pressure off her bladder, but I was loving watching her ass jiggle as she tried not to leak. I was almost tempted to bite into her ass as she was trying to get the teachers attention. Finally, after 10 minutes the teacher told her to go, she ran out the classroom towards the bathroom. I always wondered if she lost any into her panties as she was trying to get her jeans down, or if she had any trouble unbuttoning her jeans while in a rush to get to the toilet before she gushed uncontrollably. Oh how at times I wish I would be invisible just to watch! I guess she made it because when she came back she was just as dry as when she left.
The next time I would have a chance to see her need to pee was well over 10 years later, out of high school and into our careers. I was on a website and just happened to type in her name, sure enough she came up and still looked the same as she did in high school. Of course we started talking and she remembered me, and within an hour we made plans to meet up that weekend. I picked her up and was delighted that she still had a nice body, of course now fully developed and every curve was in its right place and thick in all the right places! She gets into my truck and we go have a bite to eat, she tells me about all the crazy boyfriends she's had since high school and how life has been. I told her I still remembered the story about her peeing on the top step. "Turned you on, don't lie", in which we both laughed before I responded "oh yeah, how did you know" and we both laugh again. I think she knew I did, but I was still curious to know whether she liked it or not. 
The jeans she was wearing were a painted on white type with the button fly then a zipper underneath, so if she was really desperate she would pee herself before getting them all the way undone, which I kept fantasizing about as we caught a movie. There was only about 5 or 6 others in the theater with us, so we had a row to ourselves, in which I was able to keep glancing at her crotch, hoping something would erupt out of it. Just thinking of it was starting to give me an erection. She started to take notice and smiled at me asking what was I thinking, I told her it was the other story she told the class that day...
She and her brother were at a concert in which she didn't know where the bathrooms were at, so she tried to hold it until the end. She said she tried to find the bathrooms but she could barely walk because it hurt too much and people didn't know where the bathrooms were. All while she told us that story I couldn't stop thinking about her legs twisting and turning against each other and how it must have felt to be trying to hold all that pee back from gushing through her panties and jeans. Before she could even find them she was flooding her pants and shoes, people walking all around her while she was doing it. I wish I would have known her then, I would have hugged her and made her feel better, but I really would have loved to be those panties she was wearing before and after getting drenched. I wanted to know of any more stories, but I didn't wanna seem like a pervert so I stayed quiet and just imagined her wetting herself more and more. I always daydreamed of her wearing a tank top and tight pink short shorts tied to a bed struggling to hold it in, clamping her legs together as wave after wave of desperation hit her before she soaks the bed and her shorts before I rip them off her.
I snapped back into reality as the movie was ending and we went to a store to get a bottle of Bacardi and went out to a spot overlooking Lake Michigan and Chicago River. We couldn't stop talking about things that happened back in high school; before I knew it she was laying her head on my chest, as we were both too drunk to drive back into town. 3 hours later we were awakened by security that told us we had to leave, by this time I was sober enough to get us at least back to my hotel safely, which was back in the suburbs. We just hit the highway when she said she really needed to pee and could I find her a gas station. At 2 a.m., I don't think there's too many of those open, but I told her I would try. She kept her hands in her lap as she rolled back over and went back to her nap. 
As we pulled into the hotel parking lot Jeanine woke up again, this time crossing her legs tight and jiggling up and down, I knew this was gonna be kinda interesting. She got out of the car and walked halfway to the door when she doubled over and squeezed her legs tight, I couldn't help but put my arms around her and tell her she was turning me on. I felt guilty, but not that guilty, I wanted to see those white jeans get soaked. I pulled her the rest of the way through the lobby and to the stairs, but before we got up the first flight, her hands went straight to her crotch to stop the impending flood that was about to start. I told her to do like she did when she was little, and with that, she took off running up the stairs with me right behind her. We got to my floor and right then she sat down on the very last stair, crossed her legs really tight, and let out a long, soft moan as the pee burst out of her jeans. The wet stain started in her crotch before rocketing along her thighs and legs, and around her ass to the top of her jeans. I couldn't help myself anymore– seeing this I had to look her in the face, and sure enough I finally knew she felt some pleasure from it all. 
I waited for her to finish before she stood up, I cornered her into the wall and started kissing her, somehow getting my right hand into the top of her jeans and rubbing her clit slowly as I kissed her. It didn't take long before she came, biting into my neck as she did, I couldn't wait to get her into my room, but that's another story...
By: Salsa Verde