Title: True story in office

By: Anon

Where I work we all sit in these deep cubicles, where you have to walk in them if you want to talk to that person. I was sitting one day in mine, an hour or so after lunch, really busy with some reports that I had to fufill my quota for the day on. The day was almost over and it seemed from that point I wouldn't make it to quota--second time that week. I had had a Big Gulp of soda for my lunch and it didnt occur to me how badly I needed to use the restroom until a few hot drops of my urine started to trickle down my inner thigh. (Sitting in one position for a long time make me unaware of the needs of my bladder.) The crotch of my panties was slightly damp and I pressed my legs together to prevent any more of my hot pee from spilling out. I had a slight dilemma, if I got up to walk down the long hallway to the ladies room, I would instantly wet myself in front of all my coworkers, not to mention my boss. 

Even though that made me slightly hot, I wasnt about to comprimise my job for an erotic fantasy passing through my head at work. I had to think quickly, though. Pressing my legs together wasn't going to work for much longer, and already my urine was spurting out of my pussy, soaking my panties back to my ass. I could even see my nipples harden under my blouse. I looked around my desk and my eyes flashed by the trashcan under my desk. Good, that'll hold it, but what about the noise? I reached with one of my hands into my purse with the other clutched onto my cunt looking for my handkerchief. I took the the paper that was sitting in the trashcan and tilted it so that it would catch the piss and drop it into the handkerchief, which ideally would absorb my piss and not make any noise. I lifted my skirt around my hips, not even bothering with my panties or nylons anymore, as they were soaked enough. 

I positioned my ass just above the trashcan and......DISASTER. The paper flips over the side from the first impact of my hard stream and my piss spatters in the trashcan, making a distinctive noise like water being poured from one cup to another. However, I am completely lost in the pleasure I am feeling from the emptying of my bladder that I don't bother to try and cover up the noise. Fortunately, no one hears me and think anything strange of the occurence, but I had underestimated how wet I would be. As I sat in my chair again my wet panties and nylons began to soak the fabric of the seat. My solution for this was to put them down and sit close to my desk. 

The feeling of my bare, moist pussy against the soft cotton of my skirt was too much for me to bear, and I began to play with my cunt. I wanted to feel my warm pee against me, so I picked up the soaked handkerchief from the trashcan and began to rub my clit with it. It was soaking wet, and my skirt began to absorb my urine. I wasn't very concerned with this, however, and continued to play with my clitty until my hips were thrusting forward and I began to whimper as orgasms cascaded through my body. Then I looked down and saw my mess and smiled to myself. I picked up to phone and dialed Julie's extension, the girl in the cubicle next to me. "Hey Julie, can I borrow your long coat? My period just came early."

