How I Met My 1st Girlfriend!

Posted by Rexone312 on June 1st, 2011 at 1:38AM

My relation had started three years ago on a trip. My gf's family and my family are very close. It was december I guess and was very cold. We were in a train enduring an 18 hours journey. Unlike my parents her parents didn't mind her using the toilet but she herself felt it very silly to take a pee inspite of her bursting conditions.

To prevent and make it impossible to relieve herself she had put regular lingerie. On top of it she had put a one piece swim suit and again over it she had put a one piece body suit or what do u call it, a unitard. To cap it off, she had a skin tight jeans locked with a pad lock and the keys hidden deep inside her luggage (as she told me later). And the top she wore could tear apart any moment!

She got more and more fidgety and squirmed like crazy during the journey and told me that she had peed like 3 hours before boarding the train. So the journey continued with her and my bladder growing beyond the usual lmits. Did I mention I had peed almost a day before boarding. So it was quite obvious that I was more starined and pained than her.

The next day when we reached we pushed ourselves till the evening while our parents were out for booking tickets of a bus for the city tour. She was in my room and now it had almost been 60 hours+ for me and for her 40 hours+ for her.We could resist ourselves for such long time b'coz we had consumed limited amount of drinks. I guess I hardly had 2 liters of drink over that duration and she might have had around 1 and a half liter by that time. 

At that time I was hit by a hard spasm which was big enough to let a huge spurt out which showed on my jeans. It was more than enough to trigger her. She too started spurting and it was not long before that she burst open her floodgates and peed like a fire hose. I couldn't take that and rushed to the bathroom and emptied my bladder. Otherwise my condition would have been the same.

That sparked our interests and we soon got closer. But till date she has yet not defeated me... Hurray! I hope she does it someday!Vote up! 2

2 Comments (add your own)

theholdmaster - 26-30 years old - male: it's so good to find a person to love with our same fetish.

Your story made me think to my ex and her habit to hold it for the whole day during trips. It was wonderful to share fullness pleasures with her. 

theholdmaster - 26-30 years old - male: at the beginning of the story you said your parents someway conditioned your toilet breaks. Could you tell more about that experience? 

