Birgit was starting to feel her bladder aching, as she tried to think of something else. She was sitting quietly in the middle of the boat, trying not to show her growing desperation. Birgit was part of a group of 3 boys and 4 girls on a boat trip to a small island in the middle of the Danube River, where they had visited an old castle. They had boarded the boat 3 hours ago, and since it was very hot, Birgit had drunk almost 2 liters of juice. Which was bad, because there had not been a loo on the island or on the boat. And so Birgit had been holding on since the urge to pee first hit her an hour ago. By now she was in great distress and having trouble hiding her need from the others. Not that the other girls were in a much different situation, Birgit noted. The boys had peed by a tree, but the girls hadn't risked that. Looking to her right, she could see Christine with her eyes closed and her legs pressed together tightly. Daniela next to her was shifting her legs constantly, and Karin was walking around behind them, unable to sit still. Slowly the boat was approaching land again, and Birgit and the others got ready to get off. In all there were about 30 people on the boat. When it docked, the girls quickly got off and went looking for a loo. A group of young girls quickly ran towards a nearby wood, and looking around Birgit spotted two port–a–potties by a small lake, and so they went over there, too. When they got close to them, they started running, and Birgit lost the race, getting there last. But as the four girls got closer, they saw a line of about 5 people for each of the loos. Birgit groaned silently, and then joined one line at the end. After about 5 minutes of waiting, there were still 4 people in front of Birgit, and she was near her bursting point by now. She was squirming around and couldn't stand still for 5 seconds. Karin, standing in line in front of her was in similar trouble, she was clamping her legs together and kept mumbling: "Gotta pee so bad, I gotta go!" Daniela and Christine in the other line were slightly better off, but not by much. There was also no chance of getting in front of somebody, as standing ahead of them were the small girls from the boat, clearly desperate, too, and doing a pee–dance. After another 5 minutes, Birgit's bladder was aching so much that she thought it was going to explode. She just had to press one hand into her crotch not to leak, and was running on the spot frantically. Karin was almost doubled over, as the last girl in front of them finally went into the loo. The other line had made better progress, and Christine and Daniela had made it into the loo in time. Suddenly another urge overcame Birgit, and she threw both her hands into her crotch. "You've gotta let me go in first", she said to Karin, "I'm gonna wet myself!" "No way! I gotta go as bad as you do, I can't hold on anymore!" replied Karin. Suddenly Karin stopped her pee–dance and froze, and then she quickly clamped her tights together and hobbled to the loo, knocking on the door. Birgit could see a small wet spot appear on the back of her skirt, and felt a small squirt escape her own bladder as the loo finally opened and Karin rushed in. Birgit could hear a loud hissing sound when Karin let go, and it only made her desperation worse. She felt another longer squirt going into her panties, and just barely managed to stop the flow. She shouted: "Let me in, I've gotta pee now!" "I'll be done in a minute," said Karin from inside the loo, and Birgit heard a loud fart from the loo. Oh my god, she thought, that can't be true! Just then she heard another girl from the back of the line moan aloud, and Birgit watched her as she ran over to a bush, piss gushing out from her butt. The girl squatted immediately as she reached the bush, and let go a torrent of piss. That was too much for Birgit. She felt another squirt escape, but this time she was unable to stop it. She pressed into her crotch with both hands, but for no use. She could feel the squirts coming faster and stronger, and finally she gave up. She hobbled to the back of the port–a–potty and tried to unzip her pants, but as soon as she removed one hand, her floodgates opened and completely soaked her jeans.
Simon