It all started for me when I moved with my parents to the town my mother grew up in. We went living next to my uncle and aunt, but more importantly my niece Caroline. It was the beginning of the summer–vacation when we moved, so my parents had time to settle down in the new house before they had to start working again. This gave me the time to get to know the town a bit better and to make some friends before school started. Caroline showed me around and introduced me to some of her friends. We spent a lot of time together and grew quite close. One day we decided to go to the beach together, well beach is a somehow big word. It was a river with a bit of sand on the shores. The best spot happened to be behind our house. Bushes secluded it so it couldn't be seen from the house and it was in a curve in the river. The opposite side had a lot of stones and wasn't pleasant to visit. So when it wasn't super hot it was a spot that was empty all the time. This made it possible for us to sun there topless if we wanted and dared to. On the other shore there was a thick forest, and nobody went there. We had bought the house from my grandparents who had to go to a smaller house. It was simply too big to keep clean, and the deal was made my parents bought a new small house for my grandparents and a symbolic fee for the old house. The house had been in the family for a long time, it was enormous and the garden was even bigger. It must have taken about ten minutes to get from the house to the beach. And the cleaning, well it took my parents two whole days a week to clean the house. I helped them by cleaning my floor (yes, I had my own floor, it was a three story house, I had the top floor) and the storage area on their floor. This took me an hour a day but it tripled my allowance and took a lot of work from my parents. They cleaned the rest of the house in half the time it would have taken them. I'll tell you something about the house later on, but first back to my story.
We were on the beach, we had a cooler with cola with us and we drank a lot for it was hot. We were laying in the sun in our swimsuits, Caroline was wearing a light green swimsuit and I wore a light red swimsuit. After an hour or two I needed to pee but decided I wanted to stay in the sun. After one more hour and some more cola I decided I should go now. I got up and asked Caroline if she wanted to come with me to the toilets. She said she wanted to stay in the sun, but needed to pee badly too. She proposed we'd pee here. I told her there was no way I was going to take my swimsuit off. I didn't dare sun topless here yet let alone take my swimsuit off. We talked about it and discussed our options. We could take our suits off, but that was out of the question for me. We could go to the house, but that was out of the question for Caroline. We could pull the crotch of out swimsuits out of the way, but I didn't want to risk peeing over my hand, for I play a lot with my hair and didn't want to get pee in it. Suddenly I got a naughty idea.
"I have one more idea, but if you say no I go to the house to pee and then you can do whatever you want, ok?"
"Deal, lets hear it, what is your idea?"
"It is a bit naughty and strange–"
"I like naughty!"
"We can pee our swimsuits."
Caroline stayed quiet and looked at me with her mouth wide open. She looked at me with a look of disbelieve and I feared she would laugh at me.
"That is naughty, real naughty indeed. Ok I'll do it if you do it." She looked at me and than at my crotch. "Go ahead, do it, or is your mouth bigger than your guts?"
I took a deep breath and slowly tried to relax. I felt it coming and relaxed some more. Suddenly I felt my crotch get wet and warm. I cut off the flow instinctively. "You did it, you actually did it, do some more, do the rest" Caroline sighed. I relaxed again and soon I felt it coming, going past the point of no return and I felt my crotch getting wet again. This time I managed to keep the flow going and I wet my swimsuit down my legs. After I was done I felt quite randy and a bit horny as well. Now it was Caroline's turn. She had as much trouble starting as I had, but I saw her crotch get wet and dark. Her trickle stopped like mine had and she gasped.
"I did it too. I wet my swimsuit as well, now the rest is coming." I had looked down at my crotch and it had a big dark stain on it. I looked at Caroline just in time to see the flow starting. She wet down her legs just like I did and she loved it as much as I did. When I lay down on my blanket I made sure I lay on a bump. It didn't take me long to have an orgasm. When I looked at Caroline she was busy making a bump and moved down to it. She masturbated herself to an orgasm just like I did and I knew that I hadn't done it as inconspicuously as I thought. It was very clear what Caroline was doing, and it must have been as clear as that when I did it. When she had had an orgasm as well we looked at each other a bit uncertain about what to say. Finally Caroline said I obviously enjoyed that as much as she did, and we giggled a bit. After that we kept sunning and drinking. We dried up soon enough and an hour later we had to go to the toilet again, but it was about time for dinner. We decided not to take any chances being wet when we had to go in but to go to the toilet instead.
The next day we had promised some friends of Caroline we would go to the mall. I wore a short skirt and a T–shirt over it; Caroline was wearing a short skirt as well. We went to find her friends and spent a lot of time and some money as well while we were shopping. After a while a few friends had to go home for dinner and Caroline, me, and Monica (one of Caroline's friends), stayed behind at the mall. We had a burger and fries with cola and went to a bookshop to flip through some magazines. We were giggling a lot and having a nice time when the owner of the shop threw us out. We had to buy something or get lost. We got lost. Outside we were laughing about the bookstore and talking where we would go next when Monica said she needed to pee. She didn't want to go in the mall, they cost a dollar, were disgustingly filthy and the male janitor was always trying to look through holes to see girls pee. She told us she had to go home, and wouldn't be able to come back. Her father had objected to her going to the mall in the first place (she had enough clothes and he didn't want her to hang around the mall for nothing) and he wouldn't let her come back. She was having a nice time with us, and we were becoming friends. I told her jokingly that there was an alternative. She jumped at the opportunity to be able to stay without having to go into the toilets. She wanted to know what it was I meant, even when I said I was only joking. I finally told her she could pee her panties under her skirt instead of going home.
"I can't," she giggled.
"Why not?"
"It isn't right!"
"Says who?"
"I'm to old for that."
"Why?"
"I never did that."
"Why not start now?"
"It's naughty."
"Naughty is nice!"
Finally she said she'd do it if we did it as well. Caroline and I looked at each other and agreed, but she had to start. She didn't dare and we agreed we would start together. We counted down from three and Caroline and I started wetting our panties. Monica didn't start at first but when she saw we did it, she started too. After I finished wetting myself there was a big puddle on the ground. As soon as we stopped dripping we ran away laughing. We continued shopping and I kept feeling randy all the time. We drank a lot of cola and managed to pee ourselves one more time before we had to go home. Before I went to bed I peed my panties on the toilet and masturbated through my wet panties.
The next day I went to lie in the sun on our beach when Caroline met me. She told me Monica had called and asked if she could come over. She wanted to spend the day with us. I didn't mind and told Caroline I was going to sun on our beach and they could come for me there. After a while they arrived and they had brought two blankets and a cooler with cola. Caroline had her swimsuit on, but Monica was fully dressed. After looking around for some time she agreed this was a secluded spot and she took her clothes off. She lay down in her panty and bra and we enjoyed the sun. After some time Monica said she had to pee. I told her the house was ten minutes away, and did she want to dress, get there, pee, and then return and undress. That would take her at least half an hour, and she didn't want to do that. We told her she could squat and pull her panties to one side, could drop her panties and squat or she could pee her panties standing. "I thought you'd never ask," she said, stood up and pissed her panties completely. After seeing that I had to pee my swimsuit as well. I stood up and let the urine flow through my suit down my legs. In the mean time Caroline was peeing herself as well. I lay down and had to cum, so I masturbated in front of the other two girls. I saw that Caroline stated to masturbate as soon as she lay down, but Monica watched in amazement.
"Teach me how to do that," she said. "I can only cum if I use my hands." I told her what to do and soon enough she came too.
"I guess you masturbated to when you got home yesterday," she said.
"I did", I had to admit, "After I peed my panties." Monica admitted she peed her panties first too, but Caroline said she didn't have the time. Her parents wanted to go somewhere and she had to sit in the car in her pissed panties. By the time they got home she was too tired to do it, and she had had no relief until now. The rest of the day we spent sunning, drinking, pissing and cumming. At the end of the day Monica asked us if we wanted to take a hike in the woods with her the next day. We told her we'd go with her and she asked us to wear jeans and good shoes.
I woke up very excited. I always liked hiking in the woods, but this time I was going to do it with my new friends. Monica was turning into my almost best friend here, Caroline being the best of coarse. Caroline had told me she and Monica had been friends for a long time, but she never spent so much time with her as she had been spending with us together. We both liked her very much, and we were happy with her growing close to us. This also meant Caroline didn't have to spend all her time with me anymore, for I had another friend here now.
I went to Caroline's house and we went to Monica's together. We had some tea at her place and went into the forest from there. It was a long walk before we were there, and I decided I would save some money to buy a rubber boat so we could cross the river. After walking for a while we left the path and went into a place of pure nature. Soon we heard only the wind and the birds, and of course our chatting and giggling. At some point Caroline said she had to pee, and I did as well. Monica said she needed to go as well and proposed something outrageous. She wanted to pee her jeans with us. She often went on hikes like this, but this time she planned on wetting her jeans and she had invited us to come along. We had introduced her to peeing her panties, and ever since she did that she had wondered how it would feel to pee in her jeans. Suddenly she looked down at her crotch and a wet patch erupted. She then went ahead and pissed her jeans completely. She had her legs wet to the ground, and there was even a puddle in the sand where it had left her pants. I saw at her face; she loved doing that, and I decided to do it as well. I felt the familiar feeling of pee coming out, and panties getting wet and all warm, but suddenly the feeling changed, not only were my legs getting warm and wet (I always peed down my legs, I liked it that way best) but this time my jeans clung to my legs. It was a whole new feeling to me. What was more; the piss was being jetted back at my pussy because of the pressure from the jeans. I had a small and a big orgasm while peeing. When I finished and returned to earth Caroline had peed her jeans as well. I admitted I had an orgasm or two while peeing and the others told me they had a small one too. We continued hiking and peeing ourselves, one time on the shore of the river, looking back at my house. It was a nice, wet day and I knew that I would have to take more hikes like this. After we decided it was time to go home, we peed our jeans one more time and went home. We had calculated it correctly; for our jeans were dry by the time we met the first people again. Monica asked if she could come over the next day, and I told her she could. But Caroline said she wanted to spend some time with a few other friends. Monica and I decided that she would come over to my place and we could lay in the sun or something like that. When I came home I took a shower in my clothes (so my mother wouldn't smell all the pee on my jeans) and changed into something less warm.
When Monica came over the next day the sun was hiding behind thick clouds and the wind was blowing hard. It didn't surprise me at all when a flash came from the sky and then some loud thunder ripped through the clouds. The rain started to pour from the sky moments later. It had been very warm and dry; this was nature's way of relieving itself. In this weather there was no way I was going outside, so Monica and I decided to check out the house. I showed her around the other floors before I took her to 'my floor.' Now here is some more about my floor. It had four rooms. One was my bedroom, one was my study, one was my living room and finally the last one was a storage room. The storage room wasn't that interesting, it was filled with boxes and junk my parents had planned to unpack later and then decide what to do with. I think these boxes are still untouched. My bedroom had a large mirror and a big bed. I think four people could sleep in it without problem. It had a big window overlooking the garden and forest. My study had a big old wooden desk on which I had my computer. A few old built–in book closets held all my books, and there was room to spare. Finally, my living room, as I like to call it, had three couches; a TV and stereo set and even a fireplace. I had some logs of wood, and my father had thought me how to make a safe fire. When it was dark I could make a fire, but I had to sit by it to make sure it didn't set the rest of the house on fire and I had to put it out before going to bed. I thought it was really cool to have a fireplace, and I would spend many evenings by my fire in the winter. There were two big candleholders attached to the fireplace, one on each side.
Now back to the story.
Monica and I were kidding around in my living room, when she said a lot of these fireplaces were entrances to secret rooms. I told her she had watched Zorro too much, but we went looking for a secret switch nevertheless. Monica pulled on both candles but nothing happened. We searched the whole room, but couldn't find any sign of a secret entrance. Finally we decided to give up and I leaned against the wall. The stone I leaned on shoved a bit in; giving a loud CLICK. We were very excited, that must mean there was a secret opening, but we couldn't find anything opening. Suddenly the stone clicked back in place. There was a spring attached to the stone apparently so it wouldn't be pressed it by accident. When the stone clicked back in place I had seen one of the candles move a bit. I pressed the stone again and could turn the candle around about a quarter of the way, but still nothing happened. After a while the candle and stone clicked back into place. Now it was clear there was a secret somewhere. The candle couldn't be turned after the stone was 'locked.' I was so excited that I had to pee. I told Monica I was going to the toilet to pee, and she said she had to go too, but wanted to solve this mystery first. We agreed that we would look for ten more minutes but then we would go pee. Suddenly Monica had an idea. I pressed the stone again and turned the candle, Monica then pressed against the fireplace, but it wouldn't move. After the click we did the same thing again, but this time pressing from the other side. Nothing happened again, but I saw a little movement in the other candle. With trembling hands I tried something else, though the ten minutes had passed now. I pressed the stone, CLICK, turned the candle, CLICK, and then pulled on the last candle. With a loud CLICK I could pull it out the wood a bit and suddenly a piece of the wall beside the fireplace moved back. There was a secret opening. I went in and told Monica to wait outside. She had to open the door if it closed. After I was in I looked around and suddenly CLICK, CLICK, CLICK it closed and I was in complete darkness. Not long after that CLICK, CLICK, CLICK the wall opened again and I could get out. I got a flashlight out of my bedroom and went in again. I told Monica to wait a minute before opening the wall after it closed. When I was in and the wall closed I looked around. I could see a few silver discs on the wall to the room, and when I moved one I could look into the room. It was a peephole, to see if anyone was in the room. I also saw a handle and when I pulled it the wall opened again. Now we could explore the secret room together. We took the flashlight and went into the secret room. When we were in I heard my mother coming up, looking for us. We slipped out and I pressed the candle back, the wall closed immediately with three CLICKS.
My mother had asked us to come down to eat dinner with her, she had called us, but we hadn't heard in our excitement. While we were eating we were chatting with my mother, but in my thoughts I was in the secret room. My mother told us she had to go to meet my father in a while. He had been looking into getting some stuff we needed for the house, and now he and mom were going to decide what to buy. She expected to be out for at least three hours, and that was fine by me. When we finished dinner she wanted to go and asked us to do the dishes. When we were done my mother left and we could finally go upstairs. I really had to pee now, but wanted to wait. Apparently so did Monica, although she didn't say a word about peeing this time. We went into my living room and opened the secret room. When we were inside I pressed the handle I used to open the wall, and it closed this time. The secret area wasn't that big, we could just walk in it one after the other. It seemed this was just a big walk around leading to all the rooms. My beautiful big mirror was in fact a one–way screen. We found a lot of peepholes and one more handle. It made one of the book closets open up and we could enter from there into my study room. This door didn't close on it's own and we had to push it closed. After it was closed it couldn't be opened from the outside, so we entered through the wall in my living room again. Monica had seen a sort of ladder, but there was no opening there. We went to it and I saw a stone that seemed to be loose. When I pressed it the ladder shoved out of the wall a bit and the floor opened. We could go down a floor this way. On this floor my parents had their bedroom, a guestroom, then my parents library and another storage room. It was a copy of my floor, but there was no entrance through the fireplace here. Just as well, because this was my parent's bedroom. The one with he mirror was the guestroom. My parents wanted this room because it was somehow bigger, and they wanted their own bed, not the bed in the guestroom, which my grandparents had slept in all their lives. There was an exit in the library again, but we figured there would be no entrance here as well. When we went to the ladder we could still climb up to my floor, but not down to the main floor.
Monica found a pressed in stone and when she pressed it the ladder went back into the wall and the hole above out heads closed. We looked around and Monica found another loose stone. She pressed it and we could climb down now. The main floor was different from the second and third floor. We could see who was at the front door and even open it from the secret room. Monica told me she really had to pee now, and she needed to go to the toilet. I had been fidgeting for a while now, but wanted to see all there was to see here first. We agreed we would explore this floor first and than go to the toilet. Monica agreed, for it was really exciting to be in a secret place like this. We could see into each room, including the bathroom and the shower (yes the shower was on the main floor, don't ask me why). In the kitchen we could open some cupboards from behind and get things out of them. We took some candy and hid some things, just for fun. Finally we found a few exits. There was one leading into the garden and one leading into the bathroom and finally one leading into the living room. The one into the bathroom closed out on its own, so it had to be possible to open it from the outside.
It must have been quite a sight, two now–desperate girls, ready to pee their pants, in a bathroom with a toilet looking for a secret entrance to the secret room. Finally we found out we had to pull the hot water handle of the bath, press the shower holder and flush the toilet. The wall opened and we went in again. We walked around some more, or rather fidgeted, and decided we had seen all. Then I suddenly saw another loose stone again, somewhere far from the ladder. When I pressed it, another secret wall opened only to reveal a hole with a ladder. There was a basement! We went down and found a large room. A table, chairs and a bed were here. It must have been a while since anyone had been here, for there was a lot of dust and there was mould on mattress of the bed. There were some buckets as well, a few lanterns and oil for the lanterns, and finally a lot of shelves with cases of paper on them. Now I really had to pee, and told Monica I wanted to stay here some more, so I was going to go in my pants. No sooner than I said it my jeans turned dark and I could hear the familiar hiss. Monica just looked at her crotch as she started to wet herself too, and than we were ready to look at the papers. We found the original blueprints of the house and the blueprints with changes so the secret areas were visible. We also found out there was a wine cellar, and how we could get in from the house and from the secret room. We checked it out, and you could get into the cellar from the house and from the secret area, but when the entrance to the cellar closed you couldn't get out. The handle was broken off. We exited the cellar through the secret basement and found a secret passage into the forest as well as a secret exit into the garden. When we were back in the basement we heard the car driving up the driveway lane. My parents would come looking for us, and we were wet to our shoes.
What now?
Suddenly I had an idea; we closed the staircases to both the first floor and the basement and went into the wine cellar. When I heard my father shout for me I screamed for help with Monica. After a while my father found the wine cellar and helped us out. We said we found the cellar soon after my mother had left, but it fell closed behind us. We couldn't get out and had peed our pants when we couldn't hold it any longer. My father apologised to us for the inconvenience but asked us what was in there. We told him there were a lot of bottles of wine there and he couldn't wait to get down there. He repaired the entrance while we changed, even though we didn't really want to change, and we went down together. There were lots of old bottles of wine here. My grandfather obviously didn't know this cellar existed because there were no bottles from after he had the house. My father called him over and they had a nice time marvelling over all the old wine that was there. They sold the oldest bottles of wine and I got a nice trust fund as a reward for finding it. Monica got a fair chair of the money too, and we didn't hold any bad memories anymore from having been locked in there–at least that is what we told our parents and friends!
By: JJ