Bursting in Britain
	(Female Desperation)
Written by David North

This story is written from the female point of view

Click Here for Audio Version Read by Beverly Bacci

I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people who doesn't seem to need to use the bathroom when she is busy or preoccupied. In particular, I have always found that I never need to pee during job interviews. It's as if my mind switches off all that physical maintenance stuff until things have calmed down. That's exactly what happened during one of the most important interviews of my life, with humiliating consequences.

A few years ago, I applied for a job as a researcher at the Natural History Museum in London. I was invited for an interview and duly flew to the U.K. to attend. My interviewer, a Dr. Candace Williamson, Curator of Mammals, arranged for me to stay in a nice hotel overlooking Hyde Park less than a mile from the museum. I was therefore able to rise, dress in my best business suit, eat a light breakfast of yogurt and coffee, then walk to my interview without the stress of public transportation in a city I did not know at all.

I met Dr. Williamson at 9:30 in the morning, and after a brief introduction to the other staff in her section, she allowed me to stow my suitcase in a locked room (I'd checked out of my hotel), then gave me an extensive tour of the museum. This was not quite as relaxing as one might think; Dr. Williamson, who by this time had instructed me to call her Candace, was asking me questions to subtly find out more about me without making this too obvious. I remained on my guard, careful to give appropriate answers that presented me in the best possible light, short of actually lying about anything.

The tour went on until almost eleven when we stopped at the museum cafeteria for coffee, prior to meeting the rest of the search committee. That's when the formal interview was to begin.

From eleven until one, I was asked question after question by six different committee members. I could feel myself lightly sweating as I tried to answer them fully without straying off topic. It takes a lot of concentration to keep that up for several hours.

At last, we stopped for lunch. Four of the six committee members accompanied me to a restaurant where the probing questions continued, albeit in a more convivial atmosphere. I drank both water and wine during lunch, and not once did I feel the urge to visit the ladies room, although all of companions availed themselves of the opportunity. As if noticing that I had not been, Candace asked, "Do you need to visit the loo before we leave."

I smiled at the use of the term "loo", wondering where this strange euphemism had its origins. I shook my head. "No. I'm good," I told her.

"All right," she said doubtfully as we all rose to head back to the museum.

The afternoon was spent being interviewed by each committee member individually, each session lasting 20 to 30 minutes, so that by the time Candace was winding things up, it was a little after five o'clock. I was supposed to be dining with Sally, a girl friend from my college days. Sally lived in Bognor Regis, and I had agreed to stay with her for a few days. I was supposed to be meeting her for dinner at a sea front restaurant around seven before going on to a concert. I started to worry that I would be late for dinner and the concert, and really didn't want to mess up Sally's plans, especially since I knew the concert tickets had cost her a small fortune.

I collected my suitcase and hastily departed the museum, after the final handshake with Candace, dimly aware of her promise to let me have their decision without a week. All I could think about was getting to -- I glanced at my instructions -- Victoria train station to catch the 6:15 train to Portsmouth and Bognor Regis.

I made my way to the South Kensington underground station, wasted several minutes trying to work out how to purchase a ticket from the overly-complex machines meant for the purpose, then descended into the bowels of the earth, hoping I had selected the platform for trains going towards Victoria, rather than away from it.

It was only then, as I stood on the busy platform waiting for the train, that I realized I needed to pee, quite badly since I had not used the toilet since before leaving the hotel that morning. For some reason, the urge chose this moment to strongly assert itself, making it difficult for me to keep my composure, not that anyone was likely to notice in such a crowded environment.

I glanced at my watch: 5:24. I only had a little over fifty minutes to reach Victoria, buy a ticket, find the right platform and board the six o-clock train to Bognor Regis. I wondered how long the underground journey would take, and how long the line at the ticket counter would be. Maybe they had ticket machines in the main line stations too; I hoped so, or I would probably end up missing my train.

An underground train hurtled out of the tunnel mouth and sped by without stopping. I felt a pang of dismay, and almost asked the man next to me if the train had gone straight through because it was full (it has certainly looked it; people standing in every carriage), but then a sign along the platform announced the arrival of the train for Victoria in three minutes. I blew out my cheeks as I glanced at my watch again: 5:28.

For the next three minutes, I stood squeezing my thighs together, cursing my body for doing this to me now when there was no opportunity to do anything about my full bladder. I looked forward to boarding the train and sitting down; crossing my legs would help me hold on without getting too frantic.

Of course, things didn't turn out that way. Like the train that had passed through the station without stopping, the one I boarded was packed to the hilt. There was barely room to stand, much less sit. I had to keep my suitcase between my legs, preventing me from crossing my thighs. I had no choice but to hold onto an overhead handle and tighten my bladder muscles as the train lurched forward out of the station. I was dying to pee now and hoped that I would make it to Victoria without leaking, or much worse, totally losing control. No, that was unthinkable – I strengthened my resolve and tensed my muscles still further. I HAD to hold on.

The journey to Victoria took over twenty minutes, so by the time I was on the long escalators conveying me up towards the main line station of Victoria, it was only a few minutes before six o'clock. Walking from the train to the base of the escalator had helped my situation while my legs were moving, but now I was standing still on the rising stairway, boxed in by people and unable to climb. I resorted to crossing my legs as I was forced to stand still, squeezing my thighs firmly together. There was nothing for it: I was going to have to spent time looking for a public lavatory before buying a ticket. I was bursting to pee and didn't think I could hold it in until I could use the toilet on the 6:15 train.

Emerging into the station, I stood looking around for a sign for the lavatories. It took me a few moments to spot it, during which I shifted my weight from foot to foot. I was finding it increasingly difficult to look composed. The contractions in my bladder were powerful as my muscles urged me to void its contents. I only wished that I could, but as I walked rapidly in the direction indicated by the sign, I took comfort in the thought that I would soon have relief from this terrible pressure pressing against my abdomen.

I descended some narrow steps, holding my suitcase lengthways to get it between the narrow walls. Why the hell did they have to make everything so pokey in the country? At the bottom of the steps, I encountered a rotating turnstile, the same kind of arrangement I encountered in the underground station. I looked at the slots and saw with alarm that I was supposed to insert a fifty pence coin to release the gate lock. I knew I didn't have any change in my purse because I'd paid for everything thus far with a credit card. I stood there hopping from foot to foot until a voice behind me said, "Excuse me." I turned and found two women waiting behind me. I stood aside and the first of them inserted a coin and passed through the turnstile. The second woman did the same.

I found myself looking into the indifferent face of an attendant in a booth beside the gate. I hobbled over to the small Perspex window and said, "Excuse me. I need some change for the turnstile."

The woman looked at me blankly, apparently waiting for me to do or say something else. Then I realized she was waiting for me to give her some money. I produced my credit card and she shook her head. "You can't use that here."

"What?" I exclaimed, my voice breaking on that single syllable. "But I don't have any cash."

"There's an ATM upstairs. You'll have to get some cash and then come back."

"But my train goes in a few minutes. I don't have time to come back."

The woman shrugged. "So use the loo on the train."

I opened my mouth to argue with her, then realized I was wasting my time. Besides, now there was someone waiting behind me to see the attendant. "Thanks a lot," I said sardonically as I turned to leave, but the woman just ignored me and looked at her next customer. Bitch, I thought but refrained from saying aloud.

I climbed back up the narrow steps, meeting a teenage girl coming down in a big hurry. She pushed past me in a rush, almost knocking my suitcase out of my hand. "Hey!" I shouted after her, but she didn't look back or apologize. Somebody else who's about to piss herself, I thought, hoping that she did.

I looked at the signs and found one that indicated the way to the ticket office, and I walked in the indicated direction as fast as my aching bladder would allow. I was really desperate to pee now, and was seriously worried that I would lose it while I waited in line to buy a ticket. My fears heightened when I saw the long line of people snaking around half the ticket office room. "Oh my God!" I muttered, wondering what the hell to do now. I simply could NOT stand there for ten or fifteen minutes waiting to buy a ticket. I would miss the train for one thing, and probably piss myself into the bargain.

I wondered how serious it was to board the train without a ticket. Maybe I could just pay during the journey. I checked the boards as saw that the 6:15 to Portsmouth/Southsea and Bognor Regis would depart from Platform 17. I consulted my watch: It was seven after six. I'd have to chance it. I hurried along past the platform gates: 8, 9, 10... It was borne in upon me that several of the gates I had just passed had a railway employee checking passengers' tickets before letting them through onto the platform. "Shit!" I said aloud and promptly turned back towards the ticket office. I had no choice; somehow I would have to wait, and hope that the line would move fast enough for me to still have a chance of catching the train.

That was when I had a break, the only one I'd had so far since leaving the museum. There were ticket machines which I'd somehow overlooked before, probably because of the wall of people standing in the way. As I approached, I saw with immense relief that the machines accepted credit cards.

Selecting my destination took several minutes, the damned thing was that confusing to use. At last, it came up with a price and asked me to select a method of payment. I did, inserted my card, and waited. The machine seemed to think about it for a really long time and I began to worry that it was going to reject the card. I became aware that I was tapping my heels as I fought not to wet myself right there in the middle of the bloody station. My irritation was rising in leaps and bounds; all I wanted was a fucking piss! Why did everything have to be so fucking difficult?

Finally, the machine flashed an approved message an spat out my ticket. It was 6:13; I barely had time to get to platform 17. I snatched both ticket and credit card and started to run. My full bladder bounced up and down violently with every jolting step, and I had a vision of it just exploding at any second. My suitcase twisted back and forth, almost tripping me up at one point.

I quickly passed platforms 13, 14, 15, 16... then, nothing. Where the hell was Platform 17? "Fuck!" I shouted angrily, drawing surprised stares from an old couple dithering about directly in front of me. Thinking I was swearing at them, they hurried to get out of my way, almost falling over one another in the attempt. Not knowing what else to do, I resumed running, then saw that the platforms did continue but not in parallel to the first sixteen. They were over fifty feet away to my left. I could see the gate for platform 17 now, and panicked when I saw a uniformed official starting to close it.

I ran towards him, shouting "Wait!"

He looked round at me and watched my approach, keeping the metal gate open about two feet. "You nearly didn't make it," he said as I thrust my ticket at him.

"You have no idea," I replied obtusely. He frowned, having no ideas what I was on about.

"Front four coaches," he said as he handed back my clipped ticket.

"What?"

"You need to be in one of the front four coaches for Bognor Regis, or you'll end up in Portsmouth."

"Oh. Thank you," I said as I hurried along the platform, lugging my suitcase which banged against my thigh with every step. I reached the back carriage just as a platform guard blew a whistle, signaling that the train was ready to depart. Seeing me reaching for the first door of the carriage, he blew the whistle twice more to make sure the driver did not start the train moving forward.

"Hurry up!" he shouted at me, his manner unfriendly.

I muttered something about his crappy British attitude and opened the carriage door, thrusting my suitcase in before me. As I mounted the step, the guard blew his whistle again and I almost fell into the carriage over my own case as the train started to move. The door closed itself behind me with a loud clunk.

I straightened up to confront two rows of people seated facing one another. Seeing that only one seat was available between a fat man in a suit and a teenage boy listening to an MP3 player, I decided I would move to another compartment... only to discover that there was no connecting corridor. The carriage, it seemed, was divided into a series of unconnected compartments. That meant I could not leave. Far more importantly, it also meant no bathroom was accessible. I was stuck in a small compartment packed wall to wall with passengers, and there was no bloody toilet! I couldn't believe it. Suddenly, the adventure of being in another country, a country where I'd spent the day being interviewed for a job, suddenly turned sour. How the hell could anybody build trains with compartments that had no access to lavatories? What the hell did people do when they needed to pee? This was intolerable!

My face must have betrayed my anger because no one offered to help me lift my suitcase onto the overhead rack. I struggled with it for about half a minute, almost falling over onto a woman seated directly in front of the only space on the rack. She did not even deign to acknowledge that I was there at all. "Cow," I thought, and had to bite my tongue to keep from saying it aloud.

As I strained to wedge my suitcase into the too-small space on the rack, I felt a brief squirt of urine escape into my panties. Oh God, now I was breaking the seal. I felt like I was about one minute away from pissing myself in front of all these people. I turned quickly and sat down in the only available seat. It wasn't even a separate seat, but part of a bench seat which placed me in contact with the shoulder of the person on either side of me. I could smell sweat coming from the far man to my right, and closed my eyes in despair.

The whole arrangement was so primitive and invasive, made far worse by my urgent need to pee and the knowledge that this could not happen now. I was going to have to sit there and hold it, somehow, until the train stopped somewhere and I could get out. I really didn't care where it was. The first station, Any station. I would get out and use the bathroom on the platform. If the train left without me, then so be it. As for the concert, if I missed that too then it was just too bad. I had to piss soon or I was going to die.

Consulting a timetable, I learned that the trained shopped just about everywhere! The first stop was Clapham Junction, but after that it called at East Croydon, Gatwick Airport, Three Bridges, Crawley, Horsham, Christs Hospital, Billingshurst, Pulborough, Amberley, Arundel, Ford and Barnham where the train split, the front half going to Bognor Regis and the back half to Portsmouth. That was when I remembered what the ticket inspector had said about getting into one of the front four carriages. I was in the wrong half of the train!

After a few moments, I calmed down. It didn't matter since I was going to get off as Clapham Junction and use the restroom. After that, I could relax, find a pay phone to call Sally (my cell did not work) and let her know I would be late, and get myself onto a later train.

Progress across southern London was painfully slow, involving several periods when the train remained stationary. Panic was clawing its way up inside my chest as I felt myself getting closer and closer to the moment when I would lose control and piss myself in front of all these people. It took every ounce of determination I possessed to sit there and keep my legs still. I had them tightly crossed, and the hem of my skirt had ridden up a little higher than I felt comfortable with, but I didn't want to adjust it and draw attention to myself.

The stress on holding my pee for so long was making me perspire. My scalp was damp with sweat and it felt itchy, but I really couldn't move to scratch it. My breaths were slow and shallow as I concentrated on keeping my bladder muscles taut. I kept on feeling dizzy and had to force myself to take deeper breaths, but at the same time I didn't want to sound like I was panting. It was a total nightmare.

After an eternity, the train rolled into Clapham Junction. I literally had to fall forward to extricate myself from the two bodies pressing in on either side of me. In agony now, I straightened up and reached for my suitcase. I pulled on the handle but the case was wedged in between other luggage. I couldn't move it, and I was about to have a major pee accident! Jesus, how could things get any worse. Behind me, the kid with the MP3 player departed, opening the door, hopping out and swinging it shut behind him. It had clearly not even crossed his mind to give me a hand. "Thanks a lot, you little shit," I mumbled.

But they did. The train lurched and resumed its journey, having stopped for less than a minute. Maybe the driver was trying to make up time. I didn't know. What I did know was that I was trapped in this damned compartment. It was small compensation that I had a little more room to sit down now. My bladder was absolutely killing me and, frankly, I was close to tears.

I couldn't sit still any longer. I sat there bouncing my knees up and down, the rhythm helping to disrupt the contractions inside my bladder and enabling me to hold my pee a little longer. I had no idea how much longer. Probably not long – the urge to go was almost constant now, with no periods of remission. The moment I stopped concentrating on holding everything in, pee would gush out of me like a river. I literally was about to burst!

Some minutes later, the train slowed down as it approached East Croydon. This time, I decided to plan ahead. I turned to the fat man beside me and said, "Would you mind helping me down with my suitcase please?" He did, but not graciously. What was wrong with all these miserable people?!

As soon as the train stopped moving, I climbed out, dragging my suitcase after me. Suddenly, the urge to pee was intense. I had thought it couldn't get any worse, but I'd been wrong. I was on the very verge of wetting myself, and as I hurried off towards the main station building, I didn't dare look back in case I was leaving a trail of pee along the platform behind me. I saw the Ladies sign and made a bee-line for it, hoping that there wouldn't be one of those ridiculous turnstiles in this one too. If there was, I wouldn't never make it!

In a way, what I did encounter was even worse. The door to the Ladies bathroom was locked. I couldn't believe it! Locked! I didn't have time to go find anyone to ask for help; instead, I made straight for the Gents. It was locked too!

What was I going to do? I could feel myself trickling between my legs. I was starting to wet myself, and this time I knew there would be no stopping it. Without even thinking, I turned back towards the train, hobbling towards it, intending to get back on board, but before I got even half way back to it, a whistle blew and it started to pull away. I was stranded in East Croydon, in a railway station with locked toilets, and with no clue whatsoever where the nearest toilets were outside the station.

I stopped walking and felt hot pee gushing into my panties and starting its way down my legs. A second later, it had reached my hem line and would have been visible to anyone watching me. A second after that, I heard my pee splattering on the concrete platform, and felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment. I closed my eyes, unwilling to look at anyone or anything as I endured this appalling humiliation. To make a terrible situation even worse, my pee just kept flowing and flowing. I had to stand there for more than a minute before my tortured bladder was completely empty.

When it was finally over, I found I could not open my eyes. I was afraid to face the mortified looks of those around me. Somebody laughed nearby, probably at me. I just went on standing there, paralyzed with humiliation, wondering what to do next.

All I really wanted at that moment was to go home, but home was a long, long way away.

