The other day I was at the public park when I saw two girls in their twenties showing clear signals of being desperate to pee. That's not unusual here. During these beautiful warm days women go out to enjoy the sun, and since it's hot outside they drink a lot of water that ends up in their bladders. Since there are just a few public toilets around, it's usual to see girls in different stages of desperation, or squatting behind a tree or a bush, or even once in a while peeing themselves, just a little or completely, while waiting in line for the toilet.
What's odd about these two is to see them so desperate this early, when it's not even noon. Usually the best sightings are in the afternoon, after lunch, especially if they drunk beer with their lunch instead of water (students usually do it), or even later, after they filled up during the day. At that time the best place to be is near the toilets of the train station, with all the girls returning home after a day at the park and thinking if they should wait in the long queues or take the risk of taking the train and holding it until they get home or until it gets to the next station with bathrooms (the fifth one away counting from here). If I could multiply myself I would go after each one of the girls that take the train in a state of desperation, leaving part of me behind with the others, but since I can't, I usually stay at the park station and take the train only when it's almost empty, except when I see some girl that's making an obvious mistake taking it. Once that choice came with a reward...
I used to come once or twice a week to the park, especially on sunny days. It's a nice trip. But these two girls caught my attention. While I followed them (leaving some distance so as not to be that obvious) I wondered how they could be so desperate at this time of the day. Would they've left their homes without going to the bathroom in the morning? But no, nobody does that unless he's in a hurry, and the only hurry they seem to have is to find a toilet... I discarded that thought and took a good look at them, so I could remember them later. They both are wearing light t–shirts, khaki shorts, sandals, and are carrying backpacks. The shorter one (neither of them are tall) has curly black hair, while the hair of the other one is plain and brown. Both of them are walking uncomfortably, trying to keep their legs always close together, and the curly one once in a while stops and bends a little, pushing her knees together while the other one waits, usually crossing her legs. They seem pretty, but I can't tell for sure being behind them and a little far away.
The only bad thing is that they are obviously going to the commuter station. At this time of the day the toilets at the platform heading to the city are almost empty, and even though they seem pretty desperate, it's almost sure that they can make it to the station. Anyway I follow them, not hoping to see anything but al least enjoying their desperation while I can.
They get to the station and head to the end of the platform, where the toilets are. I follow them without any hope, but to my surprise they walk past the toilets door and sit on the bench at the end of the platform. I stand at some distance, still a little shocked watching them twisting their legs. If they are so desperate, why don't they just go pee in the toilets that are a few steps away? What's happening here? I can't understand why they are behaving that way. Is it that they don't like public toilets? Or they are holding on purpose?? No, that cannot be happening, that things don't happened in the real life, just in the stories I read at internet sites like Ger and Shara's...
But anyway, here they are, desperate and not going to the toilet. Am I reading the signs wrong and they aren't as desperate as they seem?
When the commuter train arrives they hop into the last wagon. It's still early and I'll probably miss the rest of the day, but the curiosity is stronger and I get into the train too, any case I can return to the park later. They sit at the end of the train, away from the rest of the passengers, facing each other next to the window at the left of the train, and I sit not too far, in the right side, were I can look at them without being too obvious. From where I am I can see very well the curly brunette (except where the facing seat covers her legs, letting me see only her feet and sandals), who is sitting looking my way and now is putting a hand between her legs. Of her friend I can only see the gray t–shirt covering her shoulders and the back of her head. The brunette is very pretty, thin, small, and has a couple of small breasts that can be barely seen below her white t–shirt. I can't say the same about the other one, because I can't see her face and the reflection in the driver's cabin window is very diffused.
The train starts and I relax and enjoy the view. There's no doubt that the one that's more frantic is the one looking my way. Arriving at the second station she can't sit still, while the other one seems to be calmer (at least that's what her seat lets me see), only her feet indicate that once in a while she changes the leg that's crossed over the other. Which could be their station? If they decided to take the train in that state, even if they don't want to pee in public toilets or behind a tree, they can't be going too far. Will they get off at the fifth station, the one with toilets on the platform? The brunette is already moving her hands back and forth between her legs, a sign that she's reaching her limit. Will she make it to the fifth station, even if that's her destination?
Now we are reaching that station and they don't show any sign of preparing to move. Then the train shakes when stopping and the brunette lets out an exclamation and holds herself tighter, pressing her legs together, closing her eyes and bending forward. I'm sure that her panties aren't dry anymore, and that thought makes my dick tremble and grow inside my pants. I arrange myself to disguise my erection while the girl in the gray t–shirt looks at the other one and then looks down again. Now it's a fact that they aren't going to leave the train in this station, even though the curly one doesn't seem as though she can hold it much longer. How far are they going? There are five more stations to go until the next platform with toilets, but it's quite obvious that they don't plan to use public toilets anyway.
The train keeps on moving, another station goes on by and the brunette keeps on shifting in her seat. She crosses and uncrosses her legs, bends forward and then leans back holding herself tight, in contrast with the desperate stillness of the brown haired girl, who only moves her head to look at her companion from time to time. At one moment she turns her head and looks my way, and I quickly turn my eyes away, not without noticing her beauty. Then her eyes go back to her lap, and when it seems safe again I resume my observation.
Leaving the sixth station I can hear an "Oh!" coming from the brunette's mouth, which again is struggling trying to minimize the escape. Then she leans forward and whispers something to the other one, something that I can't hear below the noise the train makes. The other seems interested and leans forward also while the brunette... opens her legs and shows her crotch to her friend! I try to see if the shorts have a wet spot but I can't tell if there is one. Could have she peed herself? They keep on chatting in whispers and the one that I can't see makes the same movement, letting the brunette see her crotch. That's in fact an unusual behavior, I think while cursing for not being able to see anything in the reflection of the cabin window.
I'm sure they won't hold it much longer, but two more stations pass without them showing any signs, even when the brunette lets out an exclamation telling me that she's loosing her battle a few drops at a time. Now she has her left leg crossed over the right one, letting me see her thigh and the fingers that cover her crotch. She has her eyes closed, her lips pressed hard... then she leans forward, looks at the other in the eyes and says something... could it be "I'm peeing??"
And then it happens. I see the fingers covering her crotch beginning to shine because of the wetness and her shorts darkening beneath her, while her pee escapes her tortured body and runs to the front of the seat, falling to the floor in front of her. A small puddle is forming where the pee splashes. Her friend places a hand on her knee to comfort her... but no, she's trying to spread her legs! And the brunette agrees and uncrosses her legs, placing both feet in the floor while she keeps peeing herself. I almost come when I see her khaki shorts getting wetter and wetter with her pee that now pools between her thighs before falling in streams in front of her to join the growing puddle on the floor. The movement of the train is slowly spreading the puddle beneath the seat of the other one and running through the rest of the wagon that now is almost empty. I'm not the only one amazed by the show, the brown haired one can't keep her eyes off of her friend's wet shorts and legs either, legs that now have pee running down into her sandals and sparkling over the floor.
When she finishes peeing looks at the other and whispers something. Her friend seems shocked for what she hears, and I wonder what it could be. Then the brunette seems to ask her friend if she can hold it, and then shows her two fingers, and I assume that they've two stations left, which means that they get off in the next one with toilets. Maybe the other one doesn't want to suffer the same fate.
While we approach the ninth station, the wet one takes a jacket out of her bag, I guess that's for covering her wet short, but even if she can cover her ass that's surely soaked, she won't be able to cover the dark stain spreading over her crotch and down both legs of her shorts...
She stands a little and I think that's she going to get off the train, but then I see a stream falling from behind her seat and I deduct that there was some pee left beneath her. She sits back and when we are arriving at the tenth station she stands up again, places her jacket around her waist and the backpack hanging off one shoulder, and helps her friend to stand up. When the other one stands and begins to walk to the door (that is in front of me), keeping her legs together and taking small steps, I can see that she can't hold it very well either, because there's a very noticeable spot on the crotch of her shorts and because of the look the brunette gives to the seat her friend was in.
They stand in front of the door waiting to the train to stop, and I stand up as well, trying to disguise the bulge in my pants, and stand a few steps behind them, so I can see their asses, the brunette's covered by the jacket but with lines of wetness down her legs, and the other one's showing a big wet spot where it was touching the seat.
I'm standing behind the one in the grey t–shirt, and she has her right hand deep between her legs (I can see the fingertips appearing between her ass's cheeks) while the brunette is at her left holding her. Her legs are a little bent and she has her knees and big toes together, with her heels slightly apart. Suddenly the train brakes and she has to release her crotch to hold on so she will avoid falling. I can see her knuckles whitening holding to the door and to her sister's hand, while she bends a little more and lowers her head, and I get a glimpse of a rivulet of pee running down her right leg and disappearing beneath her knee. For a few seconds nothing else happens, just the train slowing down... The first thing I notice after that is the splashing sound coming from beneath, before even seeing the cascade falling from her shorts (which are rapidly getting darker) wetting her feet and even reaching mine.
Since that moment my perception blurs, because I begin to come in my trousers, without even touch myself, just seeing that beautiful girl peeing herself in front of me. I believe that I see her shaking, surely from the relief of finally letting go, and the brunette puts an arm around her shoulders to comfort her. Then the door opens and the brunette leads her out of the train and to the toilets there at the station.
They'll probably try to dry themselves before leaving the station for humiliating trip to their homes. Before they enter the bathrooms I see the one that just had the accident (and that still has pee falling down her legs) turn her head and look at me (those eyes! I fell in love right there), but it can't really be, most probably she was trying to see if anybody saw her accident.
I stay at the station and wait for them to come out of the toilets. They took a while (which isn't rare considering their soaked shorts) and I was just about to leave when I see them coming out. I hide behind a column, and when I see them I can't believe my eyes... there are no signs of their accidents!! They both have changed their shorts for clean ones, and only the one girl's sandals seem to be a little wet. Why would they have taken a change of clothes to the park? The questions pile up in my head while I follow them out of the station.
They walked a few blocks before entering both to the same house. Could they be sisters, or friends living together, or maybe this one was the closest house and they went there to shower before one leaves to go to her own house? There are too many questions and very interesting possibilities. I REALLY need to know more about these two.
By: Gus74