Pissing at the Opera
	Day of naughty pissing in fun places.
Giselle_BeauCul

All characters are over the age of 18.

Sven had promised to take Lilith on a shopping trip to buy a new outfit for her, as he was taking her to her first opera that evening. She was incredibly excited at both the outfit and for going to this fancy cultural event.

When she got dressed that morning, she didn't wear any underwear and wore a short dress because she would be getting changed a lot and it would be quicker if she could get undressed easily. She also loved the freeing feeling of knowing she was naked under her dress and other people having no idea, unless she sat with her knees apart, or she bent over in a certain way and they caught a glimpse of her perfectly shaven pussy.

She wasn't shy and never minded people seeing her in any state of undress. She only maintained decorum so she didn't get into trouble. It made her happy to think she could bring people joy just by them seeing her body.

She always drank a lot of water at breakfast to rehydrate herself after sleeping and she drank extra today because she knew they would be really busy and might not have much time to stop for refreshments.

She had drunk so much that she already felt the urge to piss, but Sven said they had to hurry up and leave if they wanted to get everything ready before the opera later. She knew she could hold it for a while and she enjoyed the feeling of needing to piss as it turned her on so much.

They grabbed their stuff and got into his town car. It was about a 15 minute journey to the high end lingerie shop he was taking her to. The pressure in her bladder intensified on the ride over, as did her arousal and she could feel the wetness in her pussy start coating her inner thighs.

They were welcomed into the beautiful shop by 2 immaculately dressed shop assistants who assisted them in their browsing. They already had the dress she was going to wear, it had been a birthday present, but it had needed some alterations, so they were going to pick it up from the shop on their shopping trip today. It was a strapless black floor length satin gown that had a slit that went right up to her hip.

They picked out a black satin strapless bra and thong to match, as they would go best under the dress. However, a white lace bra and panties set caught Lillith's eye and she begged Sven to let her try them on too. He consented, as he loved how she looked so innocent yet sinful covered in virginal white lace that left nothing to the imagination.

The attendants showed them to the changing room, then left to give them privacy, as Sven was one of their best customers and had bought his right to be left alone to help Lilith choose her lingerie. She tried on the black satin ensemble first, peeling her short dress off over her head, exposing her pert butt, flat stomach and perky but full breasts.

She was properly bursting to piss now, but was determined to hold it a little longer. As she slipped the black satin thong on, her abdomen was swollen like she was a few months pregnant. Sven helped her fasten the bra behind her back and stepped back to view the outfit. He said it would be perfect for her dress this evening and she agreed.

She removed her bra and thong, but the thong was coated with her wetness, so Sven brought it to his lips and licked it off, savouring her scent and sweet flavour. She then put on the white lace bra and panties she had so coveted earlier, but the need to piss was overwhelming now. He could tell she was about to burst by the endearingly vulnerable yet mischievous look she had on her face. She knew he always preferred her to piss in front of him, because it was such an intimate act to let someone else watch. They felt it brought them even closer together. Plus, as she was an exhibitionist, she loved being watched.

Lilith stroked her distended belly and sat down on the bench in the changing cubicle. She parted her knees so Sven could see that her panties were practically see through with how wet she had made them. He could see the outline of her pussy slit and her panties became even more transparent as she started to piss. It started off slowly and gently and she uttered a little gasp of surprise and pleasure. It soon gathered force and her piss covered the bench between her athletic thighs and pooled, then gushed over the edge like a waterfall onto the richly carpeted floor. As her piss rained down she moaned with relief as her belly returned to its normal flat state and piss flowed between her thighs.

When the torrent had abated, she stood up and surveyed the pool of piss on the bench and the sodden circle on the carpet. She had been holding eye contact with Sven the whole time and he knew how much it turned her on to piss in places she wasn't supposed to. She turned around and bent over from the waist, putting her ass in the air, showing him her soaked panties which were so see through you could see her asshole.

He knelt down on a dry patch of carpet and held onto her hips. He kissed each ass cheek gently, then kissed the sodden centre of her white lace panties. He then hooked a finger in each side of them and slid them down her wet thighs. He hung them up on the hook and proceeded to lick drops of piss from her inner legs, working his way to her glistening pussy. He gently lapped and licked and made her shudder as he cleaned her. It was so tempting to make her cum now, but he wanted to delay her pleasure for what he had in mind later.

The next stop was a very exclusive shoe shop, to get the perfect pair to compliment her dress. Sven was a very highly valued customer here too and the staff ensured his every whim was catered to. Lilith was exceptionally aroused and emboldened from her changing room piss just moments ago, and she wasn't completely spent yet.

A young male shop assistant arrived to help her try on lots of pairs of shoes. They were all very high heels, some court shoes and some strappy sandals. All very chic and classy. As she was again wearing her short dress with no panties, when the young assistant was in front of her helping her try on the shoes as she sat on the stool, he caught a glimpse of her exposed pussy. He blushed and she noticed. She thought that she could give him something more to blush about.

When she stood up to start walking around to test the comfort of the shoes, he knelt down to do the straps up for her. When his face was level with her pussy, she released a slow trickle of piss down her leg. He jumped when the warm liquid touched his hand and he looked up to see her locking eyes with him and grinning mischievously while she continued to piss where she stood.

He struggled to hide his embarrassment and his erection, as she proceeded to walk around the shop in her gorgeous new shoes. When he bent to undo the straps she let out another trickle of piss, just to torment him. Then she bent over at the waist right in front of him to put her own shoes back on, showing him her glistening pussy and asshole.

Throughout her torture of him, he fought to keep his composure. He couldn't believe his luck that a stunning woman would entertain his most secret fetish. He wondered if she would have acted the same if she knew how aroused it made him, or if she preferred to just make people embarrassed and uncomfortable.

As he moved around the shop, the bulge in his trousers pressed against his leg. When he brushed past her, he felt it touch the back of her hand and jolt with increased hardness. He could feel the precum leaking out of his head and was worried he would leave an obvious damp patch on his trousers.

He prayed that his supervisor hadn't noticed anything that was going on. They were engrossed with flirting with the handsome rich gentleman and thankfully weren't paying attention.

When he caught the first glimpse of her perfect pussy he was mesmerised. When he saw the first trickle of piss, he was awestruck. He couldn't believe it was real. As he fastened the strap of her shoe, he made sure to inhale her scent and wished he could lick her clean.

After she did it the second time, his hands still wet with her piss, he politely excused himself and ran to the staff bathrooms. He locked the door behind him and leaned his back against it, panting with sexual frustration.

He unbuttoned his trousers as quickly as he could, his cock bursting to be freed. His boxers were slick with his precum and he slowly and gently smeared it all over his cock, agonisingly elongating his frustration and arousal. He started stroking, gradually increasing his grip and speed.

He moved to position himself in front of the sink and watched himself in the mirror. He had just experienced the hottest thing in his life and the hand that was pleasuring his cock still carried her piss. He pumped quickly and furiously now, feeling his balls constrict and explode as he came all over the mirror. Once his cock had stopped spurting, he let it hang down in the sink and he pissed down the plughole.

Sven was merely amused at Lilith torturing the poor shop boy and decided to take her for some quick lunch before they continued their errands. He took her to a little cafe on a busy pedestrianised street lined with leafy trees that dappled the pavement. There were tables outside with big green umbrellas to shade the patrons. Sven and Lillith sat at a free table and the waiter came to take their drinks order. Lillith was thirsty after losing so much liquid and was eager to replenish. It was a warm day and she needed to keep hydrated. They ordered a large pitcher of homemade lemonade with ice.

They sat and chatted about Lillith's antics in the shops and laughed about her boldness. She knew that it both amused and aroused Sven, both because of her unapologetic exhibtionism and the raw acts themselves. She had drunk most of the pitcher herself and soon felt the familiar urgency to piss. As it was such a hot day, she thought she would quench the baking pavement. While looking Sven in the eye and carrying on their conversation, she parted her legs, spread them wide on her slatted metal chair and let loose.

Quickly Sven could hear the pattering of her piss stream on the scorching pavement. He chuckled and he relished the glint in her eye when she continued after he realised. He wanted to see for himself, so he feigned dropping his napkin so that he could bend down and look under the table at her beautiful cascade soaking the pavement beneath her. It was quite loud, but the talking of the other patrons and the noise from the street drowned it out. Sven ordered her to stop so she could save some for later. She finished the rest of the pitcher and they got up and left.

When their waiter came to clear the table, it was obvious what Lillith had done. She had caught his eye when she had sat down and he was grateful she was in his section. When he wiped the table, he bent to wipe the chairs, but wiped hers with his bare hand. It was still wet with her piss and he became hard instantly. He was glad it was the end of his shift and he only lived a five minute walk away. He quickly handed over to the waiter next on shift and hurried home.

When he got into his cool apartment, he stripped off at the door. He was hot and sweaty from his shift and his cock was still rock hard. He lay down on the cool tiles of his kitchen and imagined he was under Lilith's seat as she pissed all over his face.

He imagined looking up at her wet, perfect pussy, naked under her short dress. Seeing her squirm with desperation, then sighing with relaxation as she released her waterfall all over his face. He could almost feel the piss splashing over his cheeks and mouth, tasting her, as he pumped his cock harder and faster as he came close to orgasm.

When he came, he spurted all over his stomach, covering himself in his seed. He lay still for a few minutes, basking in his post ecstasy bliss. He got up and made his way to the shower. As he was waiting for the water to warm up, he pissed down the shower drain, his torrent mixing with the water.

The next shop they frequented was an exclusive dress shop where Lillith would collect her opera gown for the evening. She looked through all of the dresses just out of curiosity, to check the one she had was still her favourite. She wanted it to be perfect for her first opera experience. She decided she ought to try a few on, just to be sure.

She took her selection of the final 3 contenders into the changing room and asked Sven to accompany her to help her choose. The changing rooms were covered in velvet and gilt ornate metal. In the cubicle there was a large mirror opposite a velvet covered chaise longue. Lillith undressed slowly, taking her time, teasing Sven with the view of her beautiful naked body. She tossed her clothes at Sven, bending over more exaggerated than necessary, all with an impish grin on her face.

Standing on tiptoe, she turned her back to the mirror, bent forward from her waist slightly, pulled her ass cheeks apart exposing her pussy and ass to the mirror, then started pissing against the mirror. It trickled down, making a waterfall against the glass and pooling on the carpet. Sven could see her pussy and asshole reflected in the mirror and the gush coming from between her spread legs.

He couldn't contain his arousal that had been building all day any more. He got up and undid his trousers, standing in front of her, cock erect and waiting. She lent forward further and took his hard cock in her mouth, licking around his head which was wet with precum. She took him all the way down her throat, feeling him stretch her to her limit. As much as he was enjoying himself, he was impatient to fuck her soaking wet pussy.

He pulled her gently off his cock by her hair, spun her around and bent her back over. He fucked her piss covered pussy from behind, pushing deep inside her, feeling her tightness enveloping his girthy cock. He played with her clit with one hand while squeezing her nipple with the other, knowing that would make her cum quickly. He could feel her spasm and tighten around him and he put his hand over her mouth to muffle her orgasmic cries. As she came, shuddering and backing up against him, he shot a huge load of cum deep inside her.

Feeling him cum inside her brought a wave of another orgasm over her and this time she squirted hard, pushing his cum out of her, pussy juice and semen dripping down the inside of her thighs. She had already decided she preferred her original dress. A black satin floor length gown with a huge slit up the side. She used the rejected dresses to wipe the cum and squirt off her legs, then squatted on the floor over the wet puddle to squeeze out the rest of her creampie. She wiped her pussy clean with the other dress and left it piled on the floor waiting to be discovered.

The final element of Lillith's outfit was her handbag. It was an essential accessory to finish off her sumptuous outfit. To stay true to the theme, the handbag boutique was exceptionally high end. As this was the very last piece of her elegant outfit, Lillith took her time choosing the perfect handbag. Sven sat on a turquoise velvet chair while Lillith walked around the shop with the assistant discussing options. She had her heart set on a dainty sequinned clutch, but there was only a silver one in the shop and she simply had to have black.

She asked the assistant to look in the store room to see if they had the handbag she wanted in black. While the assistant disappeared into the back room to check, Lilith looked Sven straight in the eye, lifted her dress up and squatted over one of the open handbags on display. She let loose and pissed into the silk lining of the handbag. She filled it right up and stopped before it spilled out. She closed the bag so she wouldn't be immediately found out. She wiped her pussy with a soft pashmina just before the assistant returned. Much to Lilith's delight, they had the handbag she had set her heart on which would complete her stunning outfit for the evening. Sven paid for the handbag and they made their way home to get ready.

Once they were home, they undressed in the hall, leaving their clothes in heaps on the floor. They made their way to the shower to freshen up before their night out. Sven opened the shower door for her, like a gentleman. As she walked in front of him, he appreciated his view of her pert butt and slender back. She turned to face him with a mischievous smile and reached out to gently grab his cock and pull him into the shower with her.

He wrapped his arms around her soft body, enveloping her in his strong embrace. He loved how her skin felt under his touch. He leant down to kiss her and the hot water washed over them. They began lathering one another up, caressing every inch of one another, savouring the closeness and intimacy of the act of washing each other.

Sven turned Lillith to face the wall and pushed her up against it. With one had he cupped her breast, playing with her nipples. With the other, he traced his finger down her spine, all the way down between her ass cheeks. When he reached her puckered asshole, he massaged it gently, slowly applying more pressure and soap until it yielded to him. He slid his finger in, feeling her muscles tense initially, squeezing their protest around this intrusion; but as the pleasure permeated through her, they yielded as she pushed back to encourage him deeper.

Sven was rock hard by now, his cock twitching with eagerness to enter her tight little hole. Her back was arched, legs apart and ass cheeks spread wide, while she begged him to fuck her. After he had prepared her so well, she was desperately aroused and needed his cock inside her. Sven lubed himself up with more soap, then brought the head of his throbbing cock to rest against her eager asshole.

She pushed back against his hard cock and felt her ass welcome him inside her. He pushed in gently at first, letting her adjust to the increased girth as he filled her assole completely. She squeezed tight around him, basking in the feeling of being filled so well. He started thrusting slowly, gradually picking up pace. She kept pushing back on his cock, urging him to go deeper and harder. Eventually he was pounding her ass so hard it was jiggling and she could barely keep hold of the slippery wall. She was stroking her clit in time with his thrusts and she was getting closer to orgasm. She could feel it building inside her and it was exacerbated by the pleasure she felt in her ass.

As she came, she screamed in ecstasy and her ass tightened in convulsions around his cock, milking it of all the cum he had to give. They slumped together against the shower wall, rinsing the sweat and fluids off themselves. Lillith washed Sven's cock again for him, getting it semi-hard, before leaving the shower with another mischievous grin. They got dressed in their fine clothes and got ready to go out for their elegant evening.

Sven wanted yet another opportunity to show Lillith off and for her to have a fully decadent experience, so he took her to an exclusive French restaurant. She was exquisitely behaved throughout the starters, and Sven began to get suspicious, given her previous actions all day. Lillith had spotted a woman on a nearby table she found exceptionally attractive. She was in her early 30s, around 5'8", gorgeous porcelain skin, emerald eyes, and bright auburn hair. She had voluptuous breasts, a tiny waist and gorgeous round ass. Lillith was entranced.

Just before the main course, Lillith saw this woman go to the ladies bathroom. She excused herself and followed a few seconds behind. When she reached the bathroom, she could hear the beautiful woman pissing in a stall. Lilith was greatly dismayed she couldn't watch. However, she would ensure her fantasy woman would watch her.

The sinks were right opposite the stalls, so Lillith pulled up her dress and held it out of the way while she sat up on the sink edge, legs apart, ready for the woman to come out of the stall to wash her hands. As the stall door opened, Lillith locked eyes with the woman and started pissing into the sink. The woman was shocked and stopped in her tracks at first, but then, as if mesmerised, kept watching as Lillith pissed. When Lillith had finished, she grabbed one of the personal cotton hand towels and wiped herself dry. She hopped down from the sink, blew the confused, but blushing woman a kiss, and returned to her seat.

Sven could tell Lillith had been up to something by the satisfied look on her face. However, she refused to tell him. They continued the rest of their fabulous meal, enjoying lots of champagne. Their meal had taken longer than anticipated and they were nearly going to be late for the opera. Lillith needed to piss again before they left, but Sven told her to go straight to the town car so they wouldn't be late. She would just have to hold it until the interval of the opera.

Lillith sat in the town car and she was bursting to piss. Sven clearly didn't understand her urgency, as he knew what would happen if he didn't let her go when she needed to. She even kept spare panties in her handbag for such occasions. She sat with her legs pressed together, her abdomen pressing tightly against the satin of her dress while she was trying not to squirm too obviously.

They were about halfway to the opera when they got stuck in traffic. It was standstill for at least 10 minutes and they still had another 20 minutes further to go. Lillith couldn't hold it any longer. She lifted up her dress from under her ass to save it, but didn't have time to take her panties off. She scooted to the edge of the seat of the town car, opened her legs and a torrent of piss erupted from her pussy and soaked into the plush carpet. She let out a gasp of relief and her stream lasted for what felt like well over a minute, as she had been holding so much for so long. The town car was Sven's and the driver was used to this happening. He never minded cleaning up after her. She looked at Sven defiantly and he just laughed, and kissed her pussy through her sodden panties. She slid them off and left them on the seat for the driver as a bonus for his trouble.

When they finally reached the opera, Lillith was the picture of propriety. She took Sven's arm as he helped her out of the town car and up the opera house steps. She looked like a film star in her black satin floor length dress. It showed off her beautiful neck and shoulders and had a long slit up the side, right up to her hip. You felt that if the fabric weren't so heavy, and if a strong breeze blew, her pussy would be exposed. She loved making people imagine her naked body, almost as much as she loved them seeing it for real.

The usher showed them to their seats. They didn't have time to talk to any of Sven's friends and associates as they had been held up. They settled down and watched the first half of the opera, while Sven slid his hand surreptitiously into the slit of her dress to stroke her clit. She did well hiding her arousal. They would be banned forever if anyone found out. However, the exposed setting and the consequences only heightened her arousal. She could feel how wet she was becoming and so close to orgasm. As Sven slid his fingers inside her dripping wet pussy to massage her g-spot she was overcome with a huge orgasm. She had to bite the back of her hand and pretend she was stifling a yawn to stop herself screaming. When she had finished, Sven withdrew his hand and licked his fingers hungrily.

At the interval, they went to the bar to get drinks with Sven's friends and work colleagues. He had contacts with all of the important dignitaries in the city and Lillith had to be on her best behaviour. They were all enraptured by her stunning good looks and razor sharp wit. Once she had got over her initial nerves at being in a new environment, she relaxed and started thinking about some mischief she could get up to.

It had been about 2 hours since she had pissed desperately in the town car and she had drunk a lot of champagne and now the pressure in her bladder was increasing again. The men were so focussed on her beauty and conversation that she reckoned she could get away with pissing right there. Her dress was floor length, so nobody would see and if anyone saw a puddle, they would just think someone had accidentally spilled their drink.

Now the thought had taken hold of her, she couldn't concentrate on anything else. She could feel her bladder distending her dress and knew it would show. She decided to let out a test trickle. As her bladder released, she felt intense relief, but stopped her stream after a few seconds. She felt her piss trickle down her leg and she stepped away to see it absorbed by the carpet. She also looked up to notice that nobody had any idea what she had just done. She was emboldened by this and moved to the other side of the circle to engage some others of Sven's friends in conversation while she pissed herself in front of them, without them being any the wiser.

She only let out a small stream each time to ensure it only ever looked like a spilled drink. She could piss nearly a litre at a time if she had been holding for ages, so she had to be careful she didn't let out too much and ruin her stealthy game. On the fourth time she changed places, Sven thought her pattern of behaviour was odd and sensed she was up to something. He noticed the small damp patches on the carpet and she serene innocent look on her face, that was obviously supposed to be a diversion and realised what she had been up to.

He swiftly excused himself from his conversation and lightly touched her arm and asked her to follow him. He was rock hard and needed to move quickly before people noticed. He guided her to the cloakroom, that was unattended because people generally didn't leave the building during the interval. He took her to the back, where among the mass of coats where there was a table. He picked her up and put her on the table, pulled her dress up and spread her legs.

She hadn't intended this to be the outcome of her little indiscretion, but she was ecstatic that it was. Sven didn't usually lose control in any way and she was incredibly smug she had this effect on him. She was soaking wet with arousal and her pussy was so ready to receive him when he put her legs over his shoulders and slid right inside her.

He plunged straight in to the hilt and she could feel his balls against her ass. He pounded her hard and fast, because they had limited time as they couldn't miss the second half of the opera. He played with her clit while he slammed into her, making her cum, gripping his dick as she shuddered pleasure, putting him over the edge and busting his load deep inside her.

She took a minute or so to regain the use of her legs, and when she did, and finally stood up, she felt his cum trickle down her thigh. She used the sleeve of a fur coat to wipe herself clean. She unruffled her hair, made herself presentable and they returned to their seats on time, the other patrons clueless as to their misdeeds.

They settled down to enjoy the last half of the opera like respectable patrons. However, respectability never lasted long for Lillith. She had only pissed a little during the interval, so that she didn't get caught, and now after nearly another hour and getting fuckd, she felt her bladder swell again.

The opera house was completely dark, so she knew nobody would see her and the velvet-cushioned seat would absorb the sound, as well as her piss. She shifted in her seat slightly to try to bring as much of her dress out from underneath her, so as not to wet it. When she could feel the soft velvet of the chair against her wet, shaven pussy, she let loose. She made her gasp of relief sound like a gasp of admiration at the soprano's rendition of the aria.

She was bursting to go so much that she could feel the cushion become like a sodden sponge beneath her naked ass. She still couldn't stop and her piss spilled out of the saturated cushion and puddled on the floor in front of her chair. As her dress was floor length, luckily nobody would see until she had got up and could feign innocence.

There was still about 20 minutes left of the opera, so Lillith sat in her warm, wet puddle of piss, happy and relaxed. She loved to feel enveloped in wetness and pissing where she wasn't supposed to. This was the ultimate combination of both.

When the opera ended, she applauded and rose from her seat. She was sure that she had remained undetected, however, the cleaning guy had been sitting in a corner and had been watching her the whole time. He was transfixed with her beauty, yet had no inclination of what she had been up to.

The theatre emptied, Lillith and Sven got their coats from the cloak room, tried not to laugh when a crotchety old woman complained something had been spilled on her fur coat and then made their way to the town car and home.
