This is Donna's story. I will tell it to you as she related it to us. One day, a few years ago Donna was outside with a few friends in the garden and they were all very giggly. At one point they were challenging each other to do all sort of things. Finally they challenged one of the girls to wet herself, which she did to her friends' shock and laughter. They all laughed so hard that they almost ended up with wet pants.
A few days later she was in a store with one of those friends and she had to pee. Donna suggested to her that she could always pee her pants, just like the last time. Her friend suddenly got real nervous and giggly and asked Donna if she really meant that. Donna pressed the girl to just go in her pants. She looked around and asked Donna if she would do it as well. After some talking they both wet just enough to show a wet patch, and suddenly they noticed a man standing behind the window looking into the store, watching them. Giggling, they pressed their hands into their crotches and decided to let go some more. When the wetness was half way down their knees they left the store and ran home. When they got to the friend's home, they let go in the garden and flooded their pants. After that Donna was hooked.
By the time she was over nineteen, she came home for college for the summer. She had gotten accustomed to putting herself into situations where she was forced to wet herself until everyone was so used to her peeing her pants she just went in her pants when she had to go. Finally her parents had it with her and appointed Amy, her elder sister, as her guardian. Every time Donna wet her pants Amy got punished severely, and Donna stopped wetting in two days, as far as her parents were concerned. When Donna knew she could get away with it she kept doing it, even being encouraged by Amy. Amy encouraged her because it was a bit cheating out of her duty as guardian, but we know now it must have been a bit unconscious desire as well.
Donna discovered that wetting in tight clothes gave a nice tingling feeling in her crotch long before Amy was forced to stop her, and experienced her first orgasms peeing. Later masturbating was always a fully clothed wetting experience.
The only other episode worth mentioning is perhaps the time Donna talked her mother into wetting her pants. They were in another city and Donna's mother had to pee very badly. Donna had stopped wetting herself by then (at least accordingly to their parents). When they couldn't find a toilet in time and Donna's mother had to go real bad and was hurting Donna asked her mother if she wouldn't be better off giving up and wetting herself. Her mother got mad– "grown ups never wet their pants," but when no toilet was found and no store was going to let her in they went back to the car. By the car, Donna's mother doubled over in pain and moaned. She said she'd never make it home and started to undo her jeans to squat and pee when Donna stopped her. There were people all around, including some city workers in a hole in the ground. Wherever Donna's mother would squat a few men would not only see her pee, they would also see her cunt. When Donna told her mother she couldn't squat here like that her mother started to cry. She was hurting, but she didn't want to drop her pants in front of all these people and she had to go so bad she would have an accident on the road (either in her pants or with the car). Donna told her mother again to just pee her jeans. It wasn't so bad, the pressure would drop and she could get away with it. With that Donna's mother spread her legs slightly and her jeans started to glisten. She moaned and closed her eyes. She also told Donna to go ahead and do it as well, since she most likely had to go as well and wanted to. Donna didn't let this chance go by and pissed her jeans as well. When Donna's mother opened her eyes she was treated to her daughter massaging her crotch while urine poured out of her jeans and off her hand. Donna had a shattering orgasm in front of her mother, which inspired her mother to masturbate herself as well. When they got home Donna and her mother had a bit of a talk, and the result was... They could both wet their pants and masturbate in the house when Dad was not around and no one else would notice. After that Donna often saw her mother pissing her pants and masturbating and the other way around. Donna's mother even bought Donna a present for showing and teaching her something so beautiful and delightful. Donna's dad never found out. Donna told me all of this when I was at college with her. Thanks, Lynn.
JJ ( email is welcome... JJ is male )