Another Story
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 24th, 2010 at 11:56AM

Yet another story. I'm just remembering a lot of experiences from the past few years and I though i'd share them. Just post a comment if I'm posting too many stories. Enjoy :)

So I was at home and Alec (my boyfriend) was going to be stopping by after work. Once again I decided to get despterate for him. I drank at least five bottles of water and two cans of soda. I sat at the computer, reading desperation stories, waiting for him to come over.

About two hours later, I looked out the window to see him walking up the driveway. He worked right down the block, so he didn't usually drive. I was desperate but it wasn't awful. I stayed at my desk with my legs crossed. He walked in and came over to me. We began to kiss. I was bouncing up and down. "Do you have to pee?" He asked me. "Very badly. Do you?" I asked. "No. I'm sorry, I went before I left work." He said. I sighed, but I could still have fun with him. 

We just sat around and chatted for a while, waiting for me to get more desperate. It started to become difficult to hold about a half hour later. Thats when he walked over to me and picked me up. It was painful as my bladder shifted psositions. "Where are your car keys?" He asked me. "On the counter." I said. He grabbed them and carried me outside. He sat me in the passenger seat of my new car. He got in the drivers seat. "Where are we going?" I asked. "I don't know but we've never tried desperation in public." He said. I smiled, but I was nervous. I didn't want to wet myself in public or in my new car.

He began to drive. Every bump in the road made my bladder ache. After about a half hour, he pulled up to Applebee's. "Ready for dinner?" He asked. I nodded nervously. I slowly made my way into the reastraunt. Once we sat at a table and began to talk, I forgot about my demamding need to pee.

But after I drank a few sodas I became extremley desperate. As the waiter gave us the bill, I stood up and began walking to the bathroom. He stood up and grabbed my arm. "Oh no you don't." He said.

We left the restraunt and got back in the car. The second I shut the door I held myself desperatley. I moaned in pain. He stared at me. "Drive, quickly." I said, thinking we were going home. 

But we didn't go home. To my dismay he pulled onto a highway with barley any exits. 

He drove on the highway for over an hour. I started whimpering. "Alec, I don't won't to wet myself in my new car. Please, pull over. You can watch me go on the side of the road." I said in a sexy voice. I would do anything, I couldn't take it much longer. "Tempting, but no. You'll make it. Don't worry." He said. I sighed and unbuttoned my jeans. I laid my seat back and squirmed around with legs crossed. "Need help?" He asked. "Yes, please pull over." I begged. "That's not what I meant." He said. With one hand on the wheel, he reached over and stuck one of his hands in my pants. He helped me hold it. It actually gave my hands a break. 

But he moved his hand just for a second, and a drop of pee came out onto his hand. He pushed down harder to stop the flow. "Alec, at least start heading home." I said. "Fair enough." He said. He removed his hand from my jeans and I replaced it with both my hands. I sat up and bent over in pain as he made a u-turn and started driving towards home. 

Knowing that I would be at a toilet in an hour made me have to go even more.

We were about halfway their when I realized their was no way I was making it home. I then remembered that I had recentley bought a dining set at Walmart, and their was a fairly large salad bowl in the back seat. 

I reached behind me and grabbed it and I started to pee my pants. He saw the wet spot on my jeans and pulled over. I grabbed the bowl at sat on top of it. I went right through my jeans into the bowl. I sighed in reilefe. 

Luckily I had only gotten the car a bit wet and I was able to clean it up. He was very satisfied.

Stay tuned to see how I got him back. ;)

