Sarah's Saturday Night Emergency 

by Benny G.

Note: This is a completely true account of events that took place on Saturday 14 June 1997. The people's names have been changed.

Standing in the off-licence I found it funny the way that sarah was so keen to get that bottle of 'Hooch'. Infact Sarah, who was 17 and an attractive, intelligent art student, ended up buying 3 bottles. She was in the mood for partying tonight and she let us all know it!

So Sarah,Myself,John and Suzy all headed to the tube station where we intended to catch the Piccadilly line to Covent Garden. Delays were typical and it seemed that the next train was at least 15 minutes away. While the others moaned, I was no less than thrilled. Sarah's beers would be settling in her bladder and we were not going near toilets for some time. After twenty long minutes we were finally on the train when my prediction started to come true. Out of nowhere she shouted "god I have to pee" and then crossed her legs and laughed nervously.

Usually when trains stop dead in tunnels I feel uncomfortable but this time I was totally aroused. What followed were two significant comments from Sarah. First she said to John "Is there a loo at Covent Garden station" then she said "We better run to the pub when we get off the train, I think I'm going to burst!".

She was bouncing up and down, crossing and uncrossing her legs until suddenly she stood up in obvious pain. While the others made jokes about how Sarah had gulped down the beers previously, Sarah put her hand in her pocket. I knew exactly what she was up to! she was reaching round to the front and holding herself from inside her pocket! I was sure she was going to pee then and there. Her face looked red and pained. As every minute slowly passed I revelled in the knowledge that Sarah was losing control.

We finally arrived, however the fun had only just begun. There was a queue of people trying to leave the busy station that evening and as we struggled to get through the ticket barrier Sarah had walked off and was talking to a guard. We followed. "It's only for staff, love" the guard replied. "Look I'm bursting and..if I don't pee now..then..well..you know.." she moaned. She was sticking her bum in and out like a little child dancing. This was not the sophisticated young student I knew! I prayed that the guard would not give in and thankfully his last words before he walked away were "I'm really sorry, it's against station policy, I'm just doing my job"

So you might think that things couldn't get any better, or worse depending on whether your'e referring to Sarah or me! There was more to come!

There was a pub across the road and as Sarah ran towards it, it looked like the fun was over. Not so. It was as if the bartender was sent from heaven because as Sarah ran towards the ladies the rather moody bartender shouted to the troubled Sarah. "hey..excuse me. Toilets are for paying customers only, the manager has complained about the state they get in...you know..after half of London has used them". Just then Sarah's face reddened and it looked like she was letting go as her legs started to bend.

The following scene happened in exactly this order. Sarah ran out of the pub. The others ran after her out of concern. I just had to be there. As we turned the corner into an alleyway there she was, legs bent, Levis pulled down, pissing for England. I could see this massive stream of hot pee coming from her. The puddle at the end of it was massive!

To round things off, it seemed that before she reached the alleyway she had let go! After pulling up her pants and trousers there was a massive wet patch right at the front. She was so upset and embarrassed, not to mention wet, that I ended up taking her straight home, while John and suzie carried on. 

What happened at her flat is another story! 

