While out to a little piano bar the other night, I ran into the ex–wife of a former neighbor. I used to go over and play cards or just hang out at their place.
When she noticed me, she came over and gave me a big hug, and we started talking about old times. I hadn't seen her in about 15 years; she is now a very striking lady of 45.
Way back when, she used to catch me looking at her gorgeous body, and I caught her once or twice looking at the front of my jeans, and she got a rise out of me at least once. But it never went beyond looking. After talking for about an hour, she left no doubt in my mind she wanted to have sex. She told me how many times she had fantasized that it was I instead of her husband she was having sex with. And I reiterated the same about her and my ex. I also got the idea that this wasn't the first time she had seduced a man.
We left the bar and drove to my place. When we arrived, I served drinks and we talked for a while; now it was much more seductive than at the bar, as we were alone.
She was wearing an almost business like outfit, blue skirt just above the knee, natural tan pantyhose on her long legs and an off white blouse with the top two buttons undone. I told her to flash her panties for me, that I had always wanted to see them many years ago but never did, she giggled a little and opened her legs to reveal beige nylon panties under her pantyhose. I got instantly hard. She said: "let me take off these stockings and give you a good look." She stood up, reached under her skirt without really lifting it and pulled off her pantyhose. Still standing, she told me to lift her skirt. With hands shaking, I put my hands on her legs and start to push up her skirt. Her legs were still smooth as silk at 45. I reached her panties, and they were beautiful, beige nylon with a little lace around the leg holes. I swear I came in my pants. I ran my hands around her buttocks and up her back; she just melted into the sofa.
I felt her hand go under my jeans and fondle my penis.
"It feels like you peed your pants," she said coyly. Then she almost whispered, "have you ever peed you're your pants on purpose?" I thought I died and went to heaven. I told her I was into wetting and watching women wet their panties, and would she wet her for me. She said she didn't have any others with her.
"Well I have a washer and dryer, or I will go out and buy you some," I said.
"You are not going anywhere right now." was her response. "How do you want me to do it?" she asked.
"Sit on my lap." I said.
She took off her skirt and slip, sat on my lap and after what seemed like forever, she let out a little piss into her panties. Then she stopped and said: "Take off your jeans, I want to pee directly on your underwear." Then she sat on me, and with my hard dick up between her legs, she let go. What a feeling! Her panties and my underwear were soaked. "Now it is your turn to pee for me, do you have any tight–legged boxer briefs?" I said I had a gray pair. "Perfect" she said. I went upstairs and changed into the dry underwear. When I came down she was still in her wet panties, blouse and bra. She unbuttoned her blouse revealing a low–cut very sexy white bra, and took off her blouse. "I am going to hold your dick and you are going to pee on my tits." Even though I had to pee really badly, I told her how difficult it was to pee with such a hard–on. But after a few minutes of her holding my throbbing dick, I started to piss, she aimed the stream between her breasts, getting both cups wet, then she put my dick back in my shorts and just watched me pee my pants.
Then we went into the shower together, with our wet underwear on, and took it off in the shower, and for the first time I was able to see her body, which I had been waiting years for. We didn't even dry off– just went into the bedroom and hit the rack.
Gil Finn