Bursting bladder
	(16-17 year old woman)
Posted by BladderBurst

I woke up with an urgent need to pee. That same day, I was supposed to leave to go camping with my friend, and had no time to pee. I had already overslept. Me and my friend met up there, after a short drive. I told her about my dillema, and she said she had to go to. So, we decided to have a contest. By the end of the day,we were absoulutely BURSTING! Not to mention it was hot out, so we slept naked. We were both holding ourselves under our sleeping bags,and it was unbearable. She stood up to show me the bulge her bladder made under her bellybutton, but moaned in agony. We decided to go to sleep. We woke up in the middle of the night, only to find that we had both hands in between our legs, an we were twisted up like pretzels.

"My bladder HURTS!" she cried. So I told her mine did too, so we tried to stand up to go find the bathroom, but both bent over rubbing our bladders to ease the pain. We got up, took the pain, and ran out of the tent, clutching our pee holes. The bathrooms were no were to be found. Suddenly, she bent over and invollintarilly bent her knees. She moaned and yelled "My bladder is going to explode!!" she screached. Suddenly, she layed down on her back, grabbed her pee hole, and she was peeing eveywere. I could plainly see it. It made my bladder contract and pee squirted out. I was embarresed, but the relief made me feel horny. I could barely stop myself, but my bladder STILL hurt. Bad. I tried to make it to the bathroom, but suddenly I bent over, and pee was gushing through my tightly clamped fingers. The pressure was finnally gone.

That was fun but right now I have to pee really badly. So, goodbye.

Please comment. 

