"Sposa bagnata, sposa fortunata" is a proverb from my native Italy. It means a wet wedding is lucky. Italy enjoys a fairly dry Mediterranean climate and rain is seen as a sign of fertility. I was happy to make my friend's wedding lucky.
Earlier this year a very good friend of mine, Anya, asked me to be a bridesmaid at her wedding. I was delighted to say yes and very pleased with the dresses she chose. I think this is quite difficult for an English wedding but she has exquisite taste having been in the fashion industry herself. The dress she wanted for me was a faded pink satin, beautifully made and very unfussy. It was very well cut and full enough to benefit from a hooped petticoat underneath.
The dress itself was a very good price but she understands that it is worth paying for quality underwear. We had a great day out shopping in Knightsbridge and came away with a beautiful basque and pants set. As soon as I got home my partner Jana (not his real name) insisted on me showing them to him by putting them on, I agreed but not with the stockings, as I wanted to save them for the day. He was both randy and jealous, as he likes to dress up too, but these things were too expensive for his wardrobe.
Anya's parents have a huge house in Surrey were we stayed. Although they are fairly wealthy you would never know to meet them. They are very kind and interested in others. We breakfasted and spent the morning getting ready. It was all very well organised, hair, make–up, underwear, dresses and flowers all helped by friends from the modelling and design worlds. She looked absolutely gorgeous and very radiant.
The service was beautiful, and the photographer was another friend who took formal sets and kept clicking away all day with his other cameras. The reception was fantastic and perhaps it was good thing that my underwear constantly reminded me to be restrained with my meal. Afterwards the dancing started and my duties were more or less done, I was able to give more attention to Jana.
Later he persuaded me to go for a walk in the gardens with him. It was nice to be on our own for a bit and felt incredibly romantic. He looked awesome in his suit, though I was later to discover he was wearing a garter under it! That's so typical of him.
I wanted to make sure that we would remember the day, so I told him I really needed the toilet. My wetting myself drives him wild and it is very much his fetish. To me it is more of a fun thing, though it does feel good and I like both the attention he gives me as well as the feeling of being naughty. By this time we were a long way from the building and although I could have made it back I started to deliberately leak in my pants. Of course with my floor length skirt there was nothing to see, until I moved up the path a bit.
All Jana wanted to do was throw himself on me and I had to plead with him not to hold me– and risk getting my dress wet. Once my pants are wet it becomes harder and harder to stem the flow. Soon I was in full flood with hot liquid pouring through my white lacy underwear and running down the insides of my legs. I could easily imagine my perfect pants and white stockings looking very used but I knew they would dry quite quickly once we were dancing again. I guess it might have splashed up on the petticoat as well but hopefully no one would be seeing that.
Jana was all for consummating our own relationship there and then, but we heard Anya's voice calling from me some way off. When we caught up with her it was to find out that people were playing games and she wanted me to be her champion. It is too complicated to explain all the rules but all I need to say that drinking was involved and losers had to sit on guy's laps and do forfeits.
Having just weed myself I was in no position to sit on Jana's or anyone else's lap when it came to that. I was really afraid that if I were to sit down, a wet mark would show through. So I had to make sure that I won the drinking rounds. I am not really a big drinker, ever, but had to down several drinks. Soon they started to have an effect and my stomach felt very full.
I was relieved to be declared the eventual winner. Jana and I went back out into the garden where after ten minutes I was feeling quite drunk. We found a little bridge, and given the sound of the water, I felt able to let another trickle go. Since we were well hidden, Jana could not restrain himself and lifted the back of my skirts, bending me over the balustrade; he eased my pants to one side and slid himself in.
I love having outdoor sex; I think most girls do, in the right circumstances, when it is warm. I also enjoy taking a risk. With the effect of feeling so amorous before and being now quite drunk, I was enjoying the situation. Given Jana's interest I knew it would not be long. He was holding me round the waist and being quite physical.
I had the familiar feeling of falling into myself as the world drew away. Ripples of warmth were growing from inside. Jana sensed it and squeezed me hard pushing himself all the way in. I was in the process of a silent scream myself, arching my back as my body gave up control.
I was not even aware at first that I was being sick. Where I had been bloated before, the combination of my internal pressure and Jana's from behind, I emptied my stomach in one go. At first Jana was mortified as he thought he had hurt me. But as the world came back to me I felt much better.
I had to recover a while before I could tell him it was more than okay. I felt much better for it. There was a huge sense of relief as well as the post– orgasmic sense of well–being. I think in some ways they are very similar feelings.
Fortunately nothing had gone on my dress even though it had been over my head at the time. About an hour later I needed to go to the loo several times as all the drink worked through me. A quick trip to the garden was all I needed, though I very nearly got caught one time by a couple of smokers.
My beautiful underwear took several soakings, as did my 'not so white' stockings. In between times they dried slowly as best they could despite the various liquids escaping. I actually like that feeling of slight itchiness as wet panties dry on me.
The rest of the evening I drank soft drinks, as I did not want a hangover. Eventually we retired to bed, Jana wanted me to wear the basque and stockings to bed but I really wanted to relax by now, so had to take them off. I did keep the pants on all night though and in the morning allowed Jana to find this out. I even weed though them once more in the shower before getting dressed.
When Anya sent through the photographs, there was a picture of us just coming in the French windows. I had just been for one of my visits to the lawn and was feeling much relieved. Jana chose this one to frame and put in our bedroom, so it is there as a constant reminder.
That is where I thought this little tale would end. However, last week Anya rang to tell me that she is already pregnant and her family are all delighted for them. I was so happy I cried a little but I simply could not bring myself to tell her my part in it.
By: Valjana