It was a Friday– the 23rd of June, to be precise. It was a date that Jennifer would never forget. It was on that date, when aged only 19, that one of those life–changing events occurred that you never forget.
It had started out like any other ordinary day. She was sat in a classroom in college and the afternoon was dragging. It wasn't the lesson, that was interesting enough, but she had plans for that night and was eager to get home. It was strange how time always seemed to slow down on those occasions when you actually want it to speed up! Jennifer was, by anyone's view, a 'stunner'; shoulder length brunette hair that never looked wrong however she wore it, cute pert 34b breasts and legs that went all the way up to her tight pert bum. She knew she looked good and always dressed to accentuate her body. Some of the girls thought she dressed a bit 'tarty' but she saw no reason why she shouldn't wear clothes that showed her off, and certainly none of the boys at college seemed to complain! Despite this appearance she was in fact quite shy and still a virgin. That day she was wearing a short beige skirt with black stockings that ran right up to under the end of her skirt with black high heels shoes that just went past her ankle. And of course her cute little top that was way too tight and showed off her breasts nicely. All day the boys had watched them bob up and down and she had inwardly smiled, knowing that she had their attention. As she sat there she could feel her bladder getting full from all the water she had drunk since she had last gone to the toilet. It was almost the end of the day and she knew she'd be able to wait until the end of the lesson and probably get home before she got too bad. She wasn't a great fan of using the toilets at college as by this time of the day they were quite often smelly and 'dirty'. She was sitting there as she normally did, legs spread, knowing that all the boys wanted to see what she was wearing underneath her skirt, but her legs were under a desk and they couldn't see. She loved being a tease. With about 10 minutes left of the lesson she felt her bladder getting worse and so started to move her sexy legs around, crossing and uncrossing them. She almost resorted to holding her crotch like a little girl, but didn't want to risk being seen like that and thus embarrass herself. After all, she was a girl who was in control.
Finally the lesson ended and she walked quickly to her locker, wanting to get home right away. Just as she closed her locker her friend Chantel walked up to her. They exchanged pleasantries and Jennifer asked her if she was on her way home and if she'd like company on the walk. Chantal said that she wasn't going straight home and by the time she had finished telling Jennifer why nearly twenty minutes had elapsed. Jennifer had spent quite a bit of that time fidgeting and putting her weight first on one leg and then the other. When finally Chantal left, her need was worse and she leaned against the locker with legs crossed to 'pull herself together'. She was grateful that she was now alone in the locker area and carefully lifted up her skirt to check her panties– cute and white with "Princess" written across the crotch. She gasped when she noticed that there was a small wet spot on them and now she did grasp her crotch with all her might. It felt strange that she was in college holding her crotch like a little girl. Finally she let go of her crotch and stood properly. In doing so she decided that she wasn't going to now get home in time so would have to use the toilets at college. This thought was not appealing but the thought of not making it home in time and wetting herself on the way home was much less appealing. She stumbled her way to the nearest toilets but when she went in she was surprised to find that every cubicle was locked. She couldn't believe that there would still be that many students around and instinctively bent to look under the doors. Under only one door did she notice a pair of feet. Much to Jennifer's relief that did not last long as out from under the cubicle door came Chantel– now changed into a pair of tight jeans and a blue camisole with a white jacket over it. Jennifer could not understand why she had not opened the door but at that moment that was the least of her concerns!
"Thank God you've finished Chantel, I really need to pee!" Jennifer said desperately. At this a devilish smile spread over Chantel's face. "I know you do. That was obvious in the locker area but too bad, I've locked all the cubicles," Chantel teased adding, "I imagine you could crawl under a door, but dare you take the chance of letting go?" Chantel moved towards her friend and tickled her tummy. Jennifer pulled away, once again grabbing her crotch. "There's more than one toilet. I'll go to another one," replied Jennifer but Chantel stood in front of the door. "Aw Jen but you can't leave. You can try to but you won't be able to get past me whilst holding your crotch like that." Jennifer knew she was right, and then it dawned on her what was going on. It was her fault Chantel had wet herself a few weeks ago. Jennifer's mind drifted back to that day. They had been standing in the main entrance to the college and Chantel was in a very nice pair of lilac jogging bottoms having just finished a drama rehearsal. Chantel had said that she needed to pee, but Jennifer had insisted they leave right away to get to the shops before they closed. Somewhat reluctantly Chantel had agreed and followed her. But they never made it to the shops. Chantel's bladder was so small and her need was so great that they barely got off the college grounds. "I can't wait till we get to the shops," she had said. "Then you had better hurry up and go here," Nicole said replied, impatiently. So they had hurried back to the college gym; the nearest building. They had just got through the door when Chantel let out a heavy sigh. "I...I can't make it back to the loo. Oh my God, Nicole, I'm...I'm..." but Chantel didn't finish that sentence and Jennifer watched a wet spot appear on the crotch of Chantel's lilac joggers and saw the patch of wetness slowly spread down her legs and splash on the floor, making a puddle. Chantel looked at Nicole with watery eyes and ran out of the gym crying. So now here was Chantel making sure she had locked every bathroom stall and stood in the way of Jennifer and her way out. Jennifer sensed that she perhaps deserved whatever revenge Chantel had got planned for her!
"Aw, does the little girl have to go?" Chantel teased. "Only little girls hold themselves, Jen, and only babies wet themselves." "Let me go, bitch!" Jennifer demanded. "Aw, is that any way to talk to the person who decides whether you wet yourself or not?" Jennifer realised what she had said and immediately apologised for calling her friend a bitch. Chantel was clearly not going to simply let her leave the toilet to find another. With a sigh of defeat she then said, "Let me go Chantel, please." "Call me a princess and kiss my foot," Chantel replied, kicking off her shoe as pulled off her ankle sock as she said it. Jennifer couldn't believe what she was about to do. "Please let me go, Princess." she said and crawled over to Chantel and kissed her foot. Chantel laughed and then squatted down to talk to Nicole. "No, I'm not," Chantel said sternly. "I wet my knickers in front of you and had to walk home all wet, because of you. Now you're going to wet yourself with me watching you and you'd better hope nobody sees you when you walk home." Jennifer started to cry. Chantel's attitude softened as she wiped her tears away and kissed her softly on the cheek. "It's OK, sweetie. Accidents happen. Even big girls have accidents. Just let go and get it over with." "I thought you were my friend," Jennifer sobbed. "I am," Chantel replied. "That's why I'm doing this to you." Jennifer looked at her confused. "When you made me wet my pants I got this feeling I never got before. It was so ... wonderful. Here, let me show you what I mean."
Even with the benefit of hindsight Jennifer could never have anticipated what happened next. Stunned, she watched as Chantel's jeans started to get wet around the crotch, the wetness spreading down the inside of both legs to her ankles and splashing on the floor. After she was done Chantel simply sat down in the puddle of pee that she had made. "Y...you're sick," Jennifer said adding, "That's so disgusting!" Just then a spasm came over Jennifer and she grabbed her crotch really hard as squirts started to come out, making a visible wet spot on the front of her skirt. Chantel splashed her hands around in her puddle a bit. "It feels REALLY good. Come on, Jen, just let it come out– trust me." Jennifer bit her lip, knowing she didn't really have a choice anyway. Resigned to her fate she let go of her crotch and spread her legs, letting all the pee that was built up in her flow out, some of it going down her stockings, but most of it going under her bum. As she peed Jennifer couldn't believe just how good it felt. Chantel was right! The relief together with the feeling of the warm wetness was very arousing. She stood up and felt it run down her legs inside her stockings. It felt so good she almost came then and there. When she was done, she took off her high heels and let the pee drain out of them, and stood in her stockings in the puddle. Jennifer looked at Chantel and smiled. "I guess I'm the one that's sick and disgusting now." Chantel walked up to her and wrapped her arms around her neck. "We always said that what's sick and disgusting are lesbians," Chantel said. "Yeah, they are," Jennifer agreed. "But you reckon we are both sick and disgusting," Chantel said as she smacked Jennifer's wet bum. Jennifer was already turned on so much and that pushed her over the edge, making her come right then. She opened her mouth to scream, but Chantel put her mouth up to Jennifer's and they kissed as she had her orgasm. "Let's go to my house and test out this sick and disgusting lesbian theory," Chantel teased. Jennifer's reply was instant. "Why wait that long?" she answered. "Besides, I think I may need to pee again."
By: Sir Wee