Let's see where were we? Katia and I had just soaked ourselves outside and had gotten back on the trolley. We had peed so much our sneakers were starting to squish from the pee dripping off of our jeans down into them. This was the dead of winter remember so there was no way we were getting dry, and the warmth of our pee was fading fast.
"We're gonna be freezing in no time," I said quietly to Katia.
"We could just keep peeing to keep warm," she said jokingly. Then almost at the same time we realized that it might not be such a crazy idea. There was no heater on the tram and people were starting to open windows and yell out them so there we were going to be freezing in no time just like Andrea. She had huddled in one of the front seats and wasn't having a very good time anymore. "Maybe we should," I suggested seriously.
She said she was only kidding before but I told her, "We're either gonna be cold and damp or warm and wet...not really much of a choice." She agreed, but like me she was going to enjoy this far beyond just keeping warm.
Like most of my ideas they seem brilliant at the time I think of them but then when I follow it, things don't quite pan out. Only a few minutes into the ride we were cooling off quickly and even though we were hammering beers we didn't have to pee again so soon. I looked at Katia who was clearly thinking the same thing, which was that this wasn't going to work. We decided to get off the next time the trolley had to stop for a traffic light and take a cab back to the dorms.
When the trolley stopped and we hopped off I remember (besides almost falling on my face from being so drunk) feeling a twinge in my bladder. I was filling up fast. The city never seemed that big until that night. But being soaked to the bone in sub–zero weather and quickly getting desperate to pee again made just walking a few feet take an eternity. We both snuck behind some construction barriers and just huddled together, letting the pee rush into our already soaked jeans. The warmth was heaven, even more than the relief of an empty bladder. But only a block later we were cold again. At one point I even thought of going into a club and pulling an Austin Powers and take someone else's jeans to wear back to the dorm (really stupid I know but it did cross my mind).
Thankfully before too long we caught a cab to get home. Good thing it was night or I don't think he'd have let us in his car drenched as we were.
Only about half way home I noticed Katia had her hand buried between her clenched legs. "You ok?" I asked. "I'm gonna pee myself again if we don't get back soon," she whispered between gritted teeth. "All the beer's hitting me at once," she said with a very worried look on her face. "Me too..." I responded, "we gotta hold it, the driver will kill us if we pee in here." Now this isn't Hostel...he wouldn't have actually killed us, but I didn't want to find out.
When we got to our dorms my stomach sank. I had no money, because there wasn't any need for it on the tram. I asked Katia if she had any, she just gave me a stare of dread and said she did but it was in her pocket. She reached in but the money pulled apart as soon as she did.
Let this be a note to everyone...if you are going to carry your money in your pocket put it in a sealed bag, you never know when you might wet your pants, lol. So when we got out of the cab we just took off running. I felt bad not paying the guy but we just panicked. After peeling off our jeans we jumped into the shower, cleaned up...had some fun ;) and got ready to meet up with everyone to go clubbing the rest of the night. The stories of who wet themselves on the tram party were told over and over the rest of the night to much hilarity. All it did for me is get me really worked up, but Katia helped with that when we got back to the dorms.
To anyone that has been emailing me sorry that I haven't replied. My old email got hacked a while ago.
If you have comments or questions or just want to say hi– email me at (new adress) Julielisan@yahoo.com
By: Julie