Title: Wet ride on the ferris wheel
  Entry to: Month 24
By: King P

Sharon and I were in the queue for a ride on the ferris wheel at the fairground. It was a very hot day, and we were getting very thirsty waiting in the queue. Sharon had a bottle of water in her freezer bag. She took a swig of it, and offered it to me. I had a good long drink out of the bottle. I gave the bottle back to her, and said she should finish it off, which she did. Still stuck in the queue after about ten minutes we began to regret drinking so much, as we were both desperate to pee.

"We'll lose her place in the queue if we go now," Sharon said.

"I'll keep place in the queue if you want to go and check out the toilets," I replied.

So I left the queue, and went to the toilets, only to find that they were out of order. I reluctantly headed back, and said to her, "They're out of order I'm afraid, we'll just have to hold on until afterwards." We were near the front of the queue, so we decided that it would not be worth it to leave, so they just decided to hold on. We soon got to the front of the queue, paid our money and got on the wheel.

The wheel slowly started, and gradually made it's way round. We were still desperate to go, but we really wanted the ried. However, the worst possible situation arose. The wheel broke down, and stopped.

"What's happened?" Sharon exclaimed.

"It seems to have broken down," I replied.

"Oh great!" Sharon said sarcastically.

A voice was then heard over the loudspeaker. "We are sorry, but there has been a mechanical fault. The engineer will be arriving within the next few minutes, and hopefully normal service will be resumed soon." Ten minutes later the engineer had noticed a serious fault and realised it would take half an hour to fix. This was then announced on the loudspeaker. Sharon was getting too desperate, and her jeans had already shown a wet patch. "Fuck it!" she said, "These aren't my best jeans anyway." She let go, and the pee soared out of her pussy, making a big wet patch in her jeans.

The pee stain grew, as it the pee ran down her leg, seeping through on to the seat and floor. She got a bundle of tissues out of her handbag, wiped the seat, then stuck some down her trousers to wipe her pussy. She got some more tissues out to sit on them.

I then took of my jumper, and used it to cover my crotch, while I took my cock out my trousers, and just let go on the floor. There was now a huge puddle of pee on the floor.

The voice was then heard over the loudspeaker again. "The problem has now been rectified. Normal service will be resumed. We apologise for the inconvenience that has been caused, and your fees will be refunded."

"Doesn't help our situation," I sighed.

"How are we going to explain the wet floor and my wet trousers?" Sharon asked nervously.

We struggled to think of a way round it, as the wheel started up again, and made its way round, eventually reaching the bottom. We were let out by the attendant, who asked, "What's happened here then?"

"Well," I said, "I was drinking from my water bottle here, and there was a sudden jolt, and some went over Sharon here, and some went on the floor. I'm very sorry, you know."

"I see," said the attendant. "Well that's not the impression we got from what we saw on the cameras in your compartment."

"Oh, my god!" we both said.

"Well if the thing hadn't broken down, this wouldn't have happened!", I shouted at him as we ran off.

We found a public toilet on the way back, which Sharon went into, and squeezed as much of the pee out of her jeans and pants as she could. We then resumed our journey home. 

