How I Got Into Holding Pee
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by shygirl 160710 on July 21st, 2010 at 4:32PM

How I Got Into Holding Pee (4 A Long Time And Peeing)

One day at school I had drank like 10 glasses of lemonade (it was near the summer time so it was veryhot) Then I was even more thirsty because of all the sugar in the lemonade, so I went to the water fountain and drank water for like 5 minutes. Then it was time to go to class (last class with a mean teacher) After about 30 minutes of class I had a urge to go to pee.. So I raised my hand and asked the teacher and she had said you have to finish your work first, so I said ok ms.b.

After 15 minutes I was done then I asked again and she said no it's the end of the day you all have to go to your lockers to get your things, so we all did then went back to class then the bell rang to go home and I was like yes finally, then me and my friend (Whos into the same thing) were walking to my house. 

Then she said What's up? (because I was walking faster than usual) and I said not much just trying to get home quick, Then she asked why and I said I gotta pee. Then she had a smirk on her face and shesaid oh, ok and kept up with me. Then we got to my house and I unlocked the door and she said wait a sec I bet you can't hold it for a while longer (I have a thing were in person I have to prove u wrong) and then I said well umm ok I bet I can and she said yah ok I bet you cant with me taunting you and I said I bet I can then she said ok I bet you can't drink 4 bottles of water before you start. I didn't say anything to that I just grabed 4 bottles and drank them. 

Then I said ok now what? Then she said lets watch some tv, so we turned it on and sat down, then she put a funny show on and me and her were cracking up and I startted really really really having to go pee, so I crossed my legs and started to bounce a little (which only made it worse) and she smiled and changed the chanel and it was a show about water falls and she said oh Look thats so pretty and it was so I was watching it and she turned the show up and all I could hear was rushing water. Then all of a sudden there was a knock at the door and it was my other friend (who was also into the same thing) and she wanted to hang out at her house in her backyard with us and I said ok and shut off the tv, my other friend got up with me and headed out the door and I locked it. Then we went to her house and went in her backyard and my friend who was watching tv wispered something to her. 

Then she smirked and said oh so thats why she looks like she has to pee badly, then she said anyway lets play on the swings and stuff then we did for like a half hour then she and my other friend said ok now time to continue tanting you and they brought me to where her hose was and put it on high, and started talking about all sorts of things and all of a sudden I had to sit down because my bladder was filled, and they both smiled and turned the water up even more then my friend who I walked home with put her hand on my stomach and said yah she's about to pee then my other friend brought the hose closer and I started to feel like I was gonna burst then they smiled and started talking about the guy I like (because they know I get huge butterflies and I can't resist talking about him) So anyway they said hey you like a guy right? And I said yah and theres alot of reasons why, then they both said oh really? tell us and I said ummm ummm ummm ok sure. 

To begin with his eyes are so dreamy, his smile is amazing, his voice is sexy, he loves to goof off, I love when he flips his hair. (then I had butterflies and I really had to go) Then they kept me from changing the subject and continued talking about him and running the water then I sighed, and then I started peeing, my friends smiled and said just let it all out its ok so I stoped trying to hold it then I peed so much my pants were soaked in pee, then I said oh this feels good, then my friends both said were glad to hear you like it to. Now I have a stronger bladder and I still try to hold it for as long as I can then only when noones home I go poodles of pee in my pants. The longest I've held it was from noon- 8pm and now i'm in 11th grade.

