Title: The Set Up

By: Neil & Rosemary

In the office where Rosemary was working was a single Indian girl called Safrina, an attractive tall, slim girl, who was engaged to an Indian business man still spending much of his time in India. Because of this, Safrina had very little social life, and Rosemary was one of her few friends, so it was only natural that we should sometimes invite Safrina to join us for a drink.

The first few times, I met the two girls after work, and we had a couple of drinks and a snack, leaving the pub at about 7,30. We discovered several things about Safrina from these meetings; firstly, Safrina was not from a 'dry' part of India, but liked to drink beer as much as Rosemary did, secondly, that she seemed to have quite a small bladder, going to the loo at frequent intervals, and thirdly, that she might have been shy about going to the loo, as she would sometimes appear to be in considerable need but wait until Rosemary went or there was some other diversion.

Rosemary had already noticed the frequency of her loo visits at work, (she tends to notice this sort of thing!) but she wanted to see how Safrina behaved away from the office, where she might have been going to the loo to waste time and not because she wanted to pee. We fantasised as to how desperate Safrina might have been when she got home after these evenings, hoping that her bus had been delayed and that she had been on the brink of wetting herself by the time she was home. From this fantasy we began to develop the idea that we might give her a lift home, to see her desperate, and then we evolved the concept of actually setting up a situation where we could see her really desperate.

Rosemary had had several conversations with Safrina when she had mentioned being desperate, or being caught out after the pubs were closed and having to pee in the open, trying to gauge Safrina's attitude to this sort of thing. Rosemary was never able to get much reaction from her on this, and concluded that Safrina was quite reserved or prudish, and would hold on desperately rather than pee behind a bush.

It was a natural progression from these after-work drinks to suggest an evening out, particularly as Safrina had no car, and had not been able to visit any of the good country pubs not far from where we were living. We proposed an evening starting with an early meal in a river-side pub, then moving on to one or two others noted for their atmosphere and quality of beers available. It was not a coincidence that these pubs were progressively farther from home, so we would end up with nearly an hour's drive home, while Safrina might think that we were only the 15 or 20 minutes away as the first pub had been.

When we picked her up that night, we were surprised to find she had really dressed up for the event, wearing a pair of tightly fitting black trousers and black halter top, a startling change for her normal office wear. Rosemary was more conventionally dressed in a long flowing dress, deliberately chosen to put the minimum restriction on her bladder, as she wanted to see Safrina desperate without being under too much stress herself. It occurred to both of us that if it came to it, Rosemary would find it much easier to pee in the open than Safrina would.

We were pleased to find that Safrina needed no encouragement to drink, happily keeping up with Rosemary from the start. As I was driving that night, I had to restrict my drinking, so it was up to Rosemary to set the pace. We had also planned that both Rosemary and I would pee frequently, intending to assure Safrina that neither of us had bladders that could cope with a long drive home.

It was a most successful evening, so much so that we never got to the last pub on our route, but we had all had plenty to drink, and Safrina was going to the loo about every 15 minutes. Rosemary and I were also going at about the same rate, deliberately keeping pace with her though we did not need to go quite so often. However, we were both aware that it was going to take at least 45 minutes to drive home, which would stretch our bladders to the limit, while Safrina was probably going to be in an even worse state. As we only had a small car, the girls had been taking it in turn to sit in the back, part of our plan to ensure that Safrina would be sitting in the front on the way home, so we could both watch for any signs of desperation.

Rosemary and I had agreed before-hand that neither of us would make any mention of wanting to pee on the way back. She had said that she would hold on as long as she could, but if it got too bad, then she was going to demand that I stop and let her pee behind the hedge. Then it would be up to Safrina whether she joined her or not. Our route home had been planned so that it did not pass any open garages or public loos.

As is traditional in an English pub, when 'last orders' were called Rosemary immediately bought another round of drinks, ignoring Safrina's protests that she had not finished her last drink. Rosemary wanted to make sure that Safrina had a lot of beer 'in the pipe-line' for the journey home, though it seemed from the rate she was peeing she had no hope of even getting half-way home without a stop.

Naturally, we all had one final pee when we left the pub, but our car was boxed in in the crowded car park, so it was nearly five minutes before we were actually on our way home. Ten minutes later, I noticed Safrina cross her legs quite deliberately and quite tightly, and then she asked how far the pub had been from home. What she really meant was how much longer was she going to have to wait, so I was deliberately vague and optimistic about the distance. Five minutes later and Safrina was starting to fidget, constantly moving her legs, crossing them harder with one foot behind the other leg, stretching out a bit, then bringing her knees up and leaning forward, crossing her legs the other way and twisting them hard together, then repeating the whole exercise.

Her arms were crossed tightly across her stomach, then she would grip her knees, press her thighs together, then press down on the seat. To an experienced eye, it was clear that the poor girl was desperate, and we were not half-way home yet. A nudge from Rosemary let me know that she had noticed as well

As if to confirm our suspicions, Safrina suggested rather plaintively that perhaps it would be an idea to stop somewhere on the way home for coffee or something to eat. Since we knew that we were not going to pass anywhere to stop, Rosemary agreed enthusiastically, probably giving Safrina the impression that she was also bursting. Then, sadistically hoping to add to Safrina's misery, Rosemary began to talk about our recent holiday sailing on a friend's yacht, making frequent references to how much it had rained. Safrina listened in silence, her legs very tightly crossed and her lips pressed tightly together; she had stopped squirming in the seat, but her hands were moving nervously about, pressing her legs together, gripping the top of her thighs, touching her abdomen, then clenched together on her lap. There was little doubt that she was desperate, and I half expected to see her put on hand between her legs and hold herself, but she did not do that...yet.

During the next ten minutes, it seemed that Safrina's desperation had stabilised, because while she continued to cross her legs and fidget, she didn't make any more mention of stopping, nor did she do anything more exciting like hold her crutch. My bladder was becoming full, despite drinking less than the girls, and I wondered how Rosemary was feeling. As if she had read my mind, she leaned forward and put her hand on my shoulder, our pre-arranged signal that she was bursting but not desperate.

At almost the same time, Safrina was changing her position a lot, as if a new crisis was approaching, changing from tightly crossed legs to sitting with one leg tucked under her, presumably with her heel pressing against her crutch. She leaned back against the seat, then hunched forward, then clasped her hands under her knees and pulled herself down, pressing her heel harder against her crutch. Rosemary only ever did this as a last resort, if she was absolutely frantic but unable to hold her crutch, so it seemed as if Safrina was reaching the end of her endurance.

We had been driving along country lanes since leaving the pub, but soon after Safrina sat on her heel we turned onto a well lit major road that would become an urban by-pass. The street lighting enabled us to see more clearly what Safrina was doing, and the pained expression on her face confirmed how desperate she was. Maybe she recognised where we were, still 20 minutes or more from home, for we had not driven far when she interrupted Rosemary's inane chatter.

"I'm sorry to be a nuisance Neil, but I simply must go to the loo. Do you mind stopping if you see anywhere?"

"Of course, though I don't think there will be many public loos open at this time of night, so will a garage be OK?"

"Anywhere with a loo," interjected Rosemary, "I need to go as well, and I don't see any point in suffering until we get home if I can go before." Since our route had been carefully planned to avoid all open garages and loos, this willingness to stop was purely academic, though it must have given Safrina heart that relief was near. She continued to sit on her heel, though her manoeuvres on the seat were making her desperation increasingly obvious, as she tried various positions to get the maximum pressure from her heel, ending by grasping her ankle with her right hand and pulling her foot up hard against her crutch.

Even this didn't seem to be effective enough, because she soon changed to using her left hand to pull her ankle and pressed her right hand directly between her legs. Within minutes she had given up sitting on her heel and had adopted the more usual 'frantic' position, legs tightly crossed and right hand pressed into her crutch, left arm across her lap to try to hide what she was doing.

"Neil, can you stop please, I really must go to the loo, I can't wait much longer." Her voice was strained as she confessed her urgent need. "As soon as I see a loo, I'll stop," I replied, deliberately missing the urgency of her plea. This silenced Safrina for a couple of minutes, but she seemed to be pressing harder between her legs, and I wondered how much longer she was going to be able to hold on. Sadistically, Rosemary began talking about the unusually smart and spacious loos in the last pub, guessing that Safrina would give anything to be back there, but Safrina interrupted her. "Please stop Neil, I'm so desperate, I've simply got to go to the loo." "I know," I replied, "as soon as I see any sort of loo, I'll stop. You are not the only one who needs to pee."

Safrina was now squirming about, both hands pressed between her legs, not making any attempt to disguise her desperation, concerned only with holding back her pee.

"Just stop anywhere, I must go to the loo, I can't wait any longer, I'm absolutely bursting." All Safrina's modesty had gone, she was so desperate that all she cared about was a pee before she wet herself.

I told Safrina that I dared not stop on the main road, because I had drunk more than enough to fail the breathalyser, and I could not risk losing my license.

"I'll turn off as soon as I get a chance, then I should be able to find somewhere to stop," I promised, wondering how much longer I could delay stopping, and how much longer Safrina could wait. She was now frantically massaging her crutch with both hands, fighting to hold on a bit longer. I had never seen anyone so desperate, and was finding it difficult to concentrate on driving when I wanted to watch every move she made. Rosemary was leaning forward on my shoulder, also wanting the best possible view of Safrina's desperation. By this time, Rosemary was also desperate, but, she told me afterwards, she was so engrossed with Safrina's plight that she was determined to ignore her own bursting bladder.

Safrina gasped Oh No! Oh God No! twice to herself, then aloud she said, "Oh stop Neil, please, you must stop, I can't wait any longer. If you don't stop I'm going to wet myself in the car, I can't hold it any longer." I took the first left turn into a minor road, and we had hardly turned the corner when Safrina was pleading with me again.

"Stop now! Oh quick, just stop anywhere and let me get out, I want the loo, I want to pee, I'll go anywhere if you only stop and let me out."

I pulled up by a row of shops, and before we had stopped, Safrina was undoing her seat-belt and opening the door.

Rosemary: "Safrina was out of the car like a shot, hardly waiting until we had stopped. I followed as quickly as I could, and managed to catch up as she got to a shop doorway because she could not run fast while holding her crutch. I said 'I'll stand guard' but she was already pulling her trousers and knickers down, shaking with the effort of waiting now she wasn't holding her crutch. Almost before she was crouching down she let go the most incredible blast of pee I have ever heard, like a bath-tap turned full on, the pressure was amazing, and she kept this up for maybe 15 or 20 seconds, as best I could estimate, then maybe another 10 seconds of normal pee before she had finished, leaving a good sized puddle. I was holding my crutch with both hands, using this as an excuse to turn away from the road and watch Safrina pee.

As soon as she was standing, making room for me to squat on the doorway, I had my skirt up and let my own pent-up pee go. I was desperate, but I could not match Safrina's pressure, though I just went on and on, doing one of my '5 minute pisses' Squatting, I had a close view of Safrina's trousers, and, though it was difficult to see in the neon street lights, it seemed to me that she was wet between the legs. At last I had finished, and we walked quickly back to the car where Neil was waiting."

I had been peeing in another doorway but was back in the car long before Rosemary had finished, and took the opportunity to check the front seat. There was a definite warm, wet patch where Safrina had been sitting, though nothing showed on the vinyl upholstery. As soon as the girls were in the car I drove off before any passing Police car saw us. Rosemary made some remark about 'I needed every minute of that piss,' hoping to get a response from Safrina, but she remained silent, her hands covering her lap and hiding any wet patch on her trousers.

We invited Safrina in for coffee, as we passed out flat on the way to hers, hoping to get a better view of her wet trousers, but she declined. When we got to her flat she ran quickly indoors, hardly saying good night, obviously upset by the events on the journey home. The minute she was gone, Rosemary and I were comparing notes on her desperation, Rosemary telling me about the tremendous pressure of her piss and me confirming the wet seat. Rosemary began re-enacting Safrina's desperation to further raise our excitement level, and we agreed that the evening had gone better that we had imagined it would.

The next day Rosemary found that Safrina had been terribly upset by the incident, and would hardly speak to her for days. This made us feel very guilty about what we had done, and we decided that we would never try to same trick on anyone again.

