"A Walk In The Park"
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 22nd, 2010 at 11:13PM

So here's another story that happened a few months ago.

So one time I was taking a walk. I was at a park about a twenty minutes walk away from my apartment. It was a hot day so I had several bottles of water. 

After walking for a few mintes, I got bored of the park and decided just to jog around town, since I always excersise in thr park. I decided two jog four miles, two miles into town and two miles back to my apartment.

I'd say I was about a half mile into town when the urge to pee hit me. But it wasn't bad at all, I knew I could hold it for a while, so I just kept going.

Boy was that a mistake, about a mile later I decided to turn back early because I had to go really bad. I was jogging but the bouncing became to much for my bladder so it turned into a speed walk. 

I was now going a lot slower than before, it had taken me about a half hour to go an hour and a half running, walking a mile an a half should take me an hour, I figured I could make it that long, after all I had had to go worse than this before.

About a quarter mile of speed walking back towards my apartment (probaly about ten minutes) I noticed I was extremley thirsty, not thinking of how much I would regret it, I pulled two water bottles out of my bag and drank them quickly. 

Just ten minutes later the pressure in my bladder began to build. I had to start walking normaly instead of quickly. Stopping now and then to let my bladder rest from the bouncing. 

I estimated I was still about fourty-five minutes from home at the pace I was going. I was pretty desperate at this point, but I was in public and their was people everywhere, so I tried not to make it noticable.

After a few minutes a wave of pressure hit me so strongly that I ran behind a tree so I could hold myself. I bent over holding the urine back, telling myself that I could make it home.

That actually seemed to lower the pain, but when I was about half way home another huge wave of pressure hit me, I couldn't even make it to a tree this time so I just sat down on a bench and tried to make it un-noticable that both my hands were clenching my crotch.

I was determined to make it home, it was only about twenty minutes away now. I tried to stand up from the bench but sat back down quickly as I felt pee almost exit my bladder. After a few more tries I managed to get up without any pee escaping.

I walked extremley slowly now, I was squirming and crossing my legs in weird posistions as I walked. 

I was just five minutes away from my apartment, I could see it in the distance. But I felt a dribble of pee slip out. I stopped the flow and sat down immediatley. I bent over, with my hands in my crotch, nearly crying. I did not want to wet myself in public. I tried to stand up, but more pee escaped, I stopped again and sat down. I had my hands in between my legs and and my bag over my hands so people around my couldn't see what I was doing. 

After a few minutes I just couldn't take it anymore. I forced myself to stand up, a little pee escaped but I ignored it. I began speed walking again. Bad idea. I slowed down again. I looked down at my shorts to see a small wet spot from where I had let some pee go before, but my exercise shorts were dark and you could barley see it.

As I walked passed the park where I was originally, I spotted a port-o-potty. I tried to figure out what was closer, my apartment or the toilet in the park. 

I thought for a minute, but then my bladder reminded me that I better make a choice quick, a little more pee came out.

I just decided to run for the port-o-potty. As I ran, my bladder bounced up and down. I just couldn't take it and let of a strong burst of pee. I tried to stop going, but I couldn't. I was just ten feet from the port-o-potty and pee visibly spewed from my shorts, on my legs, down to my sneakers. I was about halfway finished going when I got into the port-o-potty. I pulled down my shorts, sat down, and let was was left in my bladder out. 

I was to emmbarresed to leave the port-o-potty so I called my boyfriend in the apartment and he brought me new clothes.

I don't go back to that park anymore, thats for sure.

