Wow! I had such a great time with my last public wetting, I just had to do it again sometime – but I just couldn't find the time to plan something as elaborate as my first public pee – so I was suprised when the next one happened by accident...
I had a long day at work, and did some overtime until about 9PM – to survive I had drank no small amount of Coffee... Having had enough I decided to go out for a drink after work to relax.
I walked down to the local nightclub, and whilst walking, decided that maybe I should have went to the loo before I left. Not being too fond of public toilets anytime, let alone at night, I decided to hold until I got there...
When I did get inside, there were only two toilets – one closed, and the other with some girl who had drank way too much asn was being sick – I just couldn't take it so I went out to dance for a while...
A fewdrinks later (maybe 5?), I was feeling much more relaxed, and was certainly developing an urgency to go – I went back, but there were now about 8 people waiting in line – most holding themselves! So I went back to dance for a while, meaning to come back soon...
And that was when it happened. I was dancing with a group of girls, when one decided to trip over and bump me – sending me sprawling across the dance floor, flashing my panties at everyone who I slid past. Maybe the Scotch helped, but I also hadn't realised how desperate I was until my pee was pulsating out through my panties on to the dance floor!
Embarrased as anything, I ran outside, and looked for the quietest place I could find – which was no where! I was already leaking again, and could feel my stockings and shoes getting wet – so I went to a nearby bench (no one else was there thank god), and let it go. I think that was one of the longest pee's in my life!
But maybe all that drink had affected me – I was now rather turned on, and decided to go back in and dance for a little longer – wet panties and all! I must say that from that unplanned accident, I had one of the horniest times of my life! It goes to show you don't have to plan to pee in public to have a good time...
Love
Upwet