Lunambra 1-6

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 6- Infiltration

Baeden and Marina circled around the stone buildings. The Prince peeked into every door, finding another storehouse, a brewery, an empty armory, and what appeared to be some sort of torture chamber. The majority of the fortress was underground, and the nondescript buildings on the surface were all the same size and shape. Finally, they came to the last door, which was locked. Baeden stepped back and lifted his foot to kick it in.

"No!" Marina hissed, shoving his foot back with her leg, almost knocking him over.

"What's the problem?" he asked, regaining his balance.

"Too loud. Give me the crossbow." He handed the weapon to her, and she carefully removed the front sight nail and the trigger wire. She placed the crossbow on the ground, and inserted the two small objects into the lock. Baeden watched quietly as she fiddled with it, and after two minutes there was a soft ~click~, and she pushed the door slightly open. She put the sight and trigger back on the bow, and handed it to the Prince.

"And where exactly did you learn to do that?" he asked.

"I wasn't always such a proper servant, you know," she said, gently nudging him.

"Very well then." He carefully slid into the building, sword held at the ready. "Clear." He pushed the door all the way open, letting light flood the small room. There was a table and three empty chairs, a burned out firepit, and plates of food with nothing but crumbs and oil left on them. The room smelled of smoke; the fire had been recently lit. Baeden stepped lightly to the back left corner of the building, kicking a large square rug aside, revealing a trapdoor set in the stone. He tugged at the iron handle, and luckily it came loose. He opened it as quietly as he could, and dropped down, lifting a hand to help Marina down as well. The trapdoor led into a short, cramped hallway which transferred to a stone staircase a few meters away. He led her down the steps, until the sunlight faded almost completely. They stopped, and stood in the dark.

"What do we do now? I can't see a thing passed this step," Marina whispered.

"There's no choice in the matter, we need to wait here until our eyes adjust to the dark. We'll break our necks if we keep going down without our sight." He sat on the stone steps, and Marina did the same. She leaned on his shoulder and waited. Soon after, she downed the remainder of the canteen against her better judgement. Twenty minutes passed, and Baeden stood up. "I can see well enough now. We have to move on." They took a few more steps down the staircase, and Marina stopped. "What is it?" he asked her.

"I still need to wee, you know," she suddenly said to him. "I stopped it before, but it's getting pretty bad now."

"I do too, Marina. But we've already got the armor on and we need to move now. Can you hold on?"

"I will wait as long as I can, of course," she whispered. She squeezed her legs together, then continued following Baeden. Down and down they went, finally reaching a steel door set in the cold stone walls. Baeden pushed, and it thankfully creaked open. Baeden stepped through, and shouted as he was slammed against the right wall of the hallway by a large man clad in the bandit's leather armor. Baeden kicked off the wall, knocking the man off of him. He spun, bringing his longsword around his body to strike, but stopped as he heard Marina scream. He turned to see she had been grabbed, another bandit behind her, his knife to her throat.

Baeden lowered his sword, glaring at the two men. He heard thundering footsteps throughout the nearby halls, as four, six, eight more men surrounded him, the one holding Marina standing outside of their circle. The one whom Baeden guessed was their leader, equipped in both chain and plate armor, burned black to aid in stealth. "First the queen, and now the Prince. This is a lucky day for us indeed."

