New Awakenings

by Shimmering Warthog

Tina had been roommates with Amanda for only six months now, but they had been friends for years. And although it took Tina quite some time getting used to living in the same room with another person day after day, she was finally alone with the person she loved. In highschool, they had had to hide their real feelings for each -- they still did whenever they went home to visit -- but here at college, they could be who they were. No pressure, no expectations, no obligations. It was a feeling of freedom that Tina had never known, and if a few people made duragatory comments when they were seen being intimate, she figured she could live with it. It's not like we're bull-dykes anyway, thought Tina. For Pete's sake, I'm wearing pink to the party, aren't I?

She smiled at the thought as she dressed in front of the mirror. She had put on loose, black jeans -- a size 12 on her size 11 body – a pink T- shirt and sneakers. She stood there looking at herself; why did it take so much effort to look informal? As a last thought, she pulled her brown, shoulder-length hair back in a black scrunchy. If I could only trim a little weight from my thighs, now, she thought.

The door opened and Amanda walked in, returning from the restrooms where she had been touching up her hair (how many times did I have to ask her not to use that hair spray in here before she listened, thought Tina). She was about the same height, five- foot six, as Tina but just a little heavier. Her black hair hung to the middle of her back and she was dressed casual as well. Faded jeans and white T-shirt.

"You just about ready to go?" she asked as she opened to small closet near the door. She smiled at her over her shoulder as she pulled her coat off the hanger.

"Just waiting for you," Tina replied. "Let's get going before they call and ask us where we're at."

The party was being held at a mutual friend's about six blocks from their dorm. Neither one of them could stand the big, raucous frat parties with their kegs of beer and obnoxious drunks. Brad had said there would probably be the usual 20 to 25 people again, and they would be drinking bottles of Miller, not plastic cups of Old Milwaukee. And since it was a Thursday night, there wouldn't be a big crowd out. When they reached the apartment, a little after 8:00, Tina was parched. She had been thinking about an ice cold beer since they had left.

Brad met them at the door with beers. "Get in here! We've been waiting for you."

"I've been waiting for that," Tina replied with a smile, snatching the beer from his hand. The crowd in the living room was shouting greetings and she raised an arm and waved. Apparently most everyone else had already arrived.

They spent the next five hours really enjoying themselves. It was really a breath of fresh air to be able to be oneself and not hide who you are, thought Tina. All their friends new that they were lesbian, yet no one ever brought it up or treated them differently. They were just one of the group. They were even able to slip each other a couple of discreet kisses throughout the night without anyone mentioning anything.

The best thing about these parties was the effect alcohol had on Amanda. For one reason or another, it never failed to arouse her, and by 1:00, Tina was watching for the tell-tale signs that her friend was ready to head back to the dorm. Amanda had strayed to the other side of the room to talk with some friends, but Tina knew that soon enough she would be shooting her glances. Having drunk seven or eight beers and a couple of shots herself, Tina was beginning to look forward to that. 

But tonight, Amanda seemed to be caught up in the conversation. Tina did not mind since she was enjoying herself as well, but when Amanda finally caught her eye from across the room around 2:00, she was happy. There was only so much talking and drinking one could do.

"Didn't mean to leave you there, babe," Amanda apologized as she walked back. "Got to talking... Let's get going before too many the streets get busy after bar time."

Tina looked at her a little perplexed, not understanding what that had to do with anything -- they had walked afterall. Amanda went to the bedroom to get their coats and Tina said goodbye to their host.

Out in the cool night air, Tina asked, "You a little eager to get back?" She could feel the effects of the alcohol pretty strongly and she moved a hand to Amanda's lower back, something she would not normally do out in public. She caressed her softly.

Amanda looked at her with a smile, but did not say anything. Tina was getting a little aroused herself, not having seen Amanda this eager in a while.

They continued on in silence for a while and then Amanda stopped suddenly at a bus stop. "Hold on a second," she said softly and walked over to a bench.

Tina followed, fully perplexed now. "Why are you waiting for a bus?"

"I'm not, dummy. I want to talk a second." She motioned for her to join her, smiling warmly.

Tina sat down beside her and kissed her on the lips. She couldn't help it, Amanda just looked so sweet all of a sudden. "What do you want?"

"This is really hard to tell you, but I have to... I'll always regret it if I don't at least ask."

She had Tina's attention now. What the hell was it?

Amanda continued. "You know how we've talked about doing something different... You know, when we're making love?"

Tina looked at her intently. "Yeah, but I don't think I want to do it here..."

"Hush a second, I don't mean that. I was talking to Jen and Tammy tonight and -- don't ask me how -- we got to talking about getting caught somewhere and having to use the toilet and not being able to find one or get to one. You know how Jen is sometimes -- I swear liquid goes right through her. I don't know what it is, but as we were talking, something kinda got me excited about the whole idea. You know, watching someone pee or even having an accident."

Tina gaped, not believing what she was hearing. "Are you serious, Amanda? That's really fucked."

Amanda's expression looked hurt as she turned to her. "How can you say that? After all people have put us through because we're lesbian. I remember you saying that you would never criticize someone else's thoughts about sex." 

Tina was taken aback. Amanda was right, of course – she had said just that. As long as no one was getting hurt, what right did she have to criticize another person's desires. She searched for the right words.

"You're right. Maybe I should open my mind. What exactly is it that turns you on?" She was not just asking to be polite. She really wanted to know.

"I don't know. I think it's something about the desperation... the loss of control. It really got me going."

"I guess I'd never thought of it that way," said Tina. Then she added, "it really makes you horny?" 

"I can't help it. I know it's gross, but the more I think about it, the hornier I get."

"It's really not that gross," Tina said, trying to soothe her feelings. "You just caught me by surprise. You can't help feeling like you do. I mean, it's still pretty wierd, you've gotta admit, but not gross."

Amanda smiled at her, her eyes sparkling in the light of the street lamps. "Really. Would... Would you do something with me."

Tina did not know what to say at first. She was always willing to try something new and she, herself, was always saying she had an open mind. But Tina had an idea what was coming, and she was a little nervous. "Um, well, I suppose..." The fact was, Tina would do just about anything for Amanda. Especially if it turned her on. But this was a little scary.

"Nothing too terrible. I just kind of wanted..." She bit her lip and rephrased. "When we get back, there won't be anyone up. Take a shower with me."

They had done that before. Anyone entering the bathroom couldn't see around the corner to the shower stalls anyway. And they all had concrete walls from the floor up. As long as they were careful, there was no getting caught.

"That's all?" asked Tina, perplexed.

"Would..." she stopped, obviously embarrased, and Tina put a hand on her arm. "Would you pee through your underwear? I really want to see what that looks like."

Tina tried not to let out a breathe of relief. That wasn't so bad. "Sure," she said, smiling at Amanda as she looked in her eyes. "Anything to make you horny." 

"Really?" said Amanda, surprised by her easy agreement. "You don't know how turned on it will get me." Her eyes blazed like fire and she stood up to head back to the dorms.

Now Tina was getting horny. She loved it when Amanda got squirrly. She was like an animal, and the more she thought about it, the hornier she got. She couldn't keep her eyes off of Amanda now. At least, she thought, she might now know how to get her in the mood quickly -- if she could just get herself to piss in the shower or through her underwear.

A thought crept in suddenly. She could not believe what she was thinking but she knew it was almost gauranteed to send Amanda into a frenzy, and that was always good.

Almost without thinking, she opened her mouth. "Amanda," she said quietly, "what would you do if I peed my pants? Right now?"

Amanda stopped and whirled. "What? You're not trying to toy with me, are you?"

Tina just shook her head and smiled devilishly. "I've got dark jeans on -- I don't think anyone would notice out here... Besides, I gotta go real bad anyway." That was no lie.

Amanda's breath was coming in gasps. It was obvious she was getting riled up. And now Tina was beginnning to shake as well. What had she gotten herself into? She was really going to stand there in front of Amanda and piss herself. Her legs suddenly felt like jello. Would she even be able to do it?

"Let's keep walking, I'm not sure if I can do it yet," said Tina, checking around to see how many people were on the streets. There was no one in sight. Amanda followed her as they continued on. Tina grabbed her arm and pulled her down an alley way between houses. Her head was racing as she made up her mind to do it.

Her bladder was straining as she stopped in the shadows. "Can you see me?" she asked Amanda. "I'm gonna do it right here." Amanda did not say anything, her eyes anticipating.

Shaking and in a cold sweat, Tina relaxed slowly, trying to release her bladder. She could feel it begin to distend and then flinched back. No, she had to do it. She had promised. She relaxed again, watching Amanda's face.

Tina could feel the urine begin to leak out, a dribble at first. Concentrating, she let go of her inhibitions. The dribble suddenly became a stream and then began to spurt uncontrollably between her legs. Involuntarily, her hand went to her crotch, but there was no stopping it now. She was wetting her pants and there was nothing she could do about it. Tina's body was nearly convulsing with shakes.

Amanda's eyes were wide open in amazement and Tina noticed that her hand was on her crotch as well. Pee was now running down both legs of her black jeans and widening out on her thighs. She had had to go so bad. It seemed like it would never stop and she could feel it soaking into her socks now. Finally, her stream slowed and Tina was left wet and shaking in the alleyway. Amanda was moaning and rubbing herself for all she was worth.

"Oh, Tina, I can't believe you did it. You don't know how sexy that looked." Amanda continued to rub herself while she worked her thighs in and out.

"I can't believe it myself," Tina replied, not knowing what else to say. She was terribly embarrassed by what she had done especially since she had not meant to actually completely wet herself but the sight of Amanda so excited was really turning her on.

Amanda walked up to her and stuck her hand directly between her legs, massaging the sopping mess as she moaned. Surprised, Tina realized that she had been pressing so hard there, herself, that she was highly stimulated. And the feel of the wet material against her vagina was almost intoxicating.

"Oh, stop. You'll make me cum right here."

"Let's get home then," Amanda agreed. "If no one sees you in direct light, I don't think they'll notice...we can take the stairs up. Besides, I gotta pee, myself, and I'm not gonna do it in these faded jeans -- anyone who saw us would know."

The walk back was the longest ten minutes of Tina's life. She was paranoid that someone she knew might see her. Still, there was something she could not quite place that was making all of this exceedingly erotic. She was almost enjoying the cool breeze on her soaked denim pants, and she began to slowly massage her clit through her pocket as they walked.

At first, Tina thought she was imagining it, but then realized Amanda was beginning to look a little uncomfortable. When she quickened her pace but kept her thighs tight, she knew she had not been joking about needing to pee.

"Shit, Amanda said as they opened the back door to the dorm's stairs. She pressed her thighs together tightly. "We've taken so long to get home, I gotta pee now, too." 

Not sure if she was telling the truth or if it was just a ploy, Tina asked, "can you make it up the stairs?" There were eight floors to climb.

"I'm not sure," Amanda stammered. "But let's get moving because it's not going to get any better. And I'm not going to make you take the elevator," She looked at Tina's pants which, under the bright light, did in fact show pretty obviously the wet patch which had spread up almost to her waist and down her legs. Amanda took two steps and then stopped and jammed her hand into her crotch. "Damn it, I've really gotta go."

Tina felt her heart skip. Something inside her wanted to see what would happen if Amanda could not hold it. She could not believe what she was thinking, but the experience in the alley had her emotions in an uproar. She briefly considered asking Amanda to wet herself on purpose she was sure she would if she asked but there was something much more exciting about seeing a real accident. How the hell did I change my mind so fast about this, Tina was wondering.

Amanda regained control and began to climb the stair again, Tina following, keeping her eye on the crotch of Amanda's pants, just below her ass cheeks. She was still massaging herself through her wet pants.

They climbed three floors, but at the next landing, Amanda stopped again. She struggled a bit, started to take another step and then stopped. "I'm not going to make it, Tina. There's too many stairs and I don't want to chance being caught short on the elevator." She was jamming her hand hard into her crotch now and pressing with both thighs. "I know you pissed yourself for me, but don't watch. I think I'm going to have an accident." She was jiggling back and forth now on the landing and Tina thought she saw a tear forming in her eye. "I'm serious Tina, I'm not doing this on purpose," she whimpered. 

Tina could not help it. She was fascinated, almost entranced, by Amanda's desparation.

She was really struggling no. "Please, Tina, I don't want you to..." She suddenly put her head down and bent over.

In utter disbelief, Tina saw a huge stain spreading rapidly behind Amanda's hand. Her friend was whimpering now and half bent at the knees and waist. With her hand pressing hard to stem the flow and legs of her faded jeans tight against her pressed legs, the urine flowed out along her thighs and then began to pour down the inside of her legs. Her pants were actually glistening in the flourescent light.

"I can't help it..." Amanda was saying through tears. Her socks turned yellow and the pee began to drizzle through her crotch onto the cement floor. "Hnnn..." Her knees began shake uncontrollably.

Tina could not contain herself any longer. She rushed up to her friend, pulled her hand away from between her legs and shoved her own into it. The hot urine was still gushing into her jeans and Tina could feel the force. Pulling their bodies close in an embrace, she could feel her friend's fluids roll down her own legs as well. Amanda brought her hand up into Tinas soaking vagina and began to massage as well.

Standing there, in the light of the stairwell, they climaxed together. It was a great, racking release of emotion of proportions they had never known. Tina screamed in ecstacy, unable to contain herself. Never, had she known such a moment of pure emotional outpouring. They both fell to their knees, locked together by their arms and mouths.

After a moment, they slowly got to their feet and began to climb the remaining stairs in silence. They no longer cared if they were caught; they had found something unbelievably marvelous that they both knew they would share again soon.

----

Shimmering Warthog can be contacted via the ISCA bbs (telnet bbs.isca.uioawa.edu) under the alias Shimmering Warthog.

