Pregnant
	Young Nadia is pregnant and alone with doctors.
Author: medley

This story is a work of fiction, it takes certain liberties that most rational people probably wouldn’t. I hope you all enjoy some pregnant fetish oriented kink.

What can I say, I was young and naive, I guess in a lot of ways I still am. Let me start at the beginning and tell you pretty much the WHOLE story.

My name is Nadia. That seems simple enough right. This story begins when I was barely eighteen, pretty convenient huh. I had been seeing a boy at my school, and we had recently begun being intimate. He was my first boyfriend and he took my virginity. Not being sexually active, and having a pretty regular period, I wasn’t on the pill. Needless to say about a month after we began having sex I was late.

He stayed with me for exactly a week. As soon as that test came up positive he was gone. I had to go find a doctor. I was still seeing my pediatrician for crying out loud! My first stop was my pediatrician Dr. Aaron. I was rarely sick, so he was just basically someone I felt comfortable with. That’s the only reason I hadn’t moved on to a real doctor. He gave me the number of a large obstetrician’s office in the same building. He even made a phone call and they agreed to see me right away.

Dr. Aaron is in his mid forties, I was one of his first patients. He still looks young with light brown hair and a clean shaven smile.

My pediatrician made a special trip with me to introduce me. Up the elevator we went. I remember when the doors opened I realized they had the whole floor because the elevator opened into the waiting room. There were two other women waiting both in the later stages of pregnancy, both with big bulging bellies. Dr. Aaron walked me to the window where a young secretary smiled.

“You must be Nadia.” She said warmly. I nodded meekly. I was scared and twirling my hair in my fingers, it’s black and fairly short. “Dr. Aaron would you mind bringing Nadia into the third room on your right and getting her settled, she seems a bit nervous.” The secretary added.

“Certainly.” Dr. Aaron said. “C’mon Nadia right this way.” He led me through an open doorway into a long hall. The third door on the right was an open room. Aside from the medical looking exam table it looked quite nice. There was a gown draped over the bottom of the examination table. “You should put this on Nadia, I’m sure a doctor will be with you soon.” Dr. Aaron said and closed the door.

Doctor Aaron hadn’t seen me naked in years at least. I couldn’t remember him ever seeing me totally naked, maybe when I was an infant. Still though there was a calmness and surety to what he had recommended.

I unzipped the side of my little pink skirt. Beneath it I wore purple thong panties. Dr. Aaron watched with a kind of calm indifference. I handed him the skirt when he held out his hand and he folded it neatly in half and set it on the counter. Next I tugged my panties down. My dark black pubic hair sprang out as I lowered the waistband finally tugging them off the end of my feet. Dr. Aaron set them too on the counter behind him. I stood up and began unbuttoning my blouse suddenly shy to be standing in front of him and facing him. I turned around my face flushing and continued until I could shrug the blouse off. Now all that was left was my bra. It was sheer and my dark brown nipples although tiny pointed fiercely into it. I unclasped it and reached back handing my last article of clothing to Dr. Aaron. I then reached for the gown and found it gone. I turned nervously to see if Dr. Aaron had it and he pointed behind me. It had fallen on the floor!

I turned and bent over to pick it up likely showing Dr. Aaron everything between my legs. I felt my breasts sway from my chest, they were always C-cups, but lately had felt VERY heavy! I put the gown on and Dr. Aaron helped me tie it. Then he waited until a doctor could see me. A nurse came in and took all my vitals. When it came time for a temperature she had me lay on my stomach on the table, I was confused but climbed up.

A moment later she lifted and spread the gown exposing my bum to her and Dr. Aaron.

“Nadia, the first few times you come in we’ll be taking your temperature rectally, we find it gives us a more accurate reading during the first two trimesters.” With that said the nurse pulled my bum cheeks apart and inserted a slimy feeling thermometer into my rectum. It was thin and didn’t meet any resistance, but it still felt strange. “Dr. Aaron see that that stays in for at least five minutes, if it starts to slide out, just nudge it back in.” The Nurse said. My cheeks had to be scarlet, not that Dr. Aaron could see my FACE!

After a few seconds I could feel the slick piece of glass slipping up out of me. Dr. Aaron reached down and gently nudged it back in. I could feel it wanting to slide out, evidently Dr. Aaron could too, because he pushed it back down and held it there, his hand on my bum was warm as he patiently held the narrow strip of humiliation embedded in my bottom. Minutes went by, occasionally it felt as though Dr. Aaron spun the little thermometer slightly, but I’m sure that was just me.

Finally the nurse returned. She slid the thermometer out and recorded my temperature helping me to a sitting position.

“It may be a few minutes Nadia, we can sneak you in today, but we are a little busy. Is that alright?” The nurse asked. I nodded. “Before you go don’t let me forget that we need a urine from you, so if you have to pee let one of us know.

“I can stay with you if you want?” Dr. Aaron said. Despite my embarrassment at the thermometer I did feel more comfortable with a familiar face there. The nurse left and Dr. Aaron and I talked for quite some time. Finally the nurse returned. It had been a half hour!

“Dr. Aaron, if you could get Nadia into the stirrups, someone will be in momentarily.” The nurse said. Dr. Aaron nodded.

The Stirrups!!!! I felt suddenly queasy. I had been sitting on the table the whole time, the gown tugged to my knees, and now Dr. Aaron was helping me lay back and taking one of my calves in his hands. I felt my ankle settle into the cup shaped holder! Next my other leg, I felt my legs spreading I tried to go limp and not think about it as my other foot was braced in. Then Dr. Aaron lifted the gown to my navel. I couldn’t see, but I felt the cool air on my pubic hair and across my soon to not be taught stomach. Mostly though I felt my pussy lips separate ever so slightly gaping open.

I lifted my head to see Dr. Aaron watching the door, there was a curtain, which could be pulled across the front of the room but it wasn’t drawn. My splayed open legs were facing the door perfectly! It became uncomfortable to hold my head up and I settled back onto the table. The tell tale click of the door opening got me to raise my head again. It was still just the nurse.

“Nadia just one more minute.” She said offering an apologetic smile. I let my head fall and waited then it occurred to me that I hadn’t heard the door shut. I lifted my head and sure enough was staring right across the hall!

“Dr. Aaron?” I said and he looked at me. “Could you please close the door?” I asked.

“I’m sure the nurse left it open for a reason.” Dr. Aaron said patting my knee. “This is a doctor’s office after all.” Behind him I saw one of the two pregnant women from the lobby walk by she glanced in for an instant before turning away. She had changed into a hospital gown also. Then the doctor came in and began speaking to me.

“Hello Nadia.” He said. “Sorry to keep you waiting. I’m Dr. Jacobs I’ll be your OBGYN, and when the time comes I’ll be delivering your baby.

“Hi.” I said quietly. He was standing looking at me through my legs so my image of him had a knee on each side. He was a little older with well kept gray hair and a neatly trimmed full beard with streaks of white at the edges.

“Did you know that I helped Dr. Aaron here through med school?” He asked motioning to my pediatrician. “We go way back he and I. It’s nice to have a familiar face here isn’t it?” I nodded. “Dr. Aaron you’ve stayed this long you might as well keep Nadia comforted.”

“Certainly Dave.” Dr. Aaron said. “My RN can pretty much run the office and handle appointments I could take the afternoon if I had to.”

“Well let’s hope it doesn’t come to that, I’m sure Nadia has to get home at some point.” Dr. Jacobs laughed, it was a refreshing laugh and it put me at ease.

He gave me a thorough pelvic exam, checking something about my cervix. Then called for a nurse to do bloodwork. The nurse came in with me still in the stirrups to draw blood. While he explained hormone counts and tried to calculate my due date he felt around my abdominals telling me where my ovaries were. In the back of my mind I was aware that the door was never closed I had already asked to have it shut and been denied though and I didn’t want to make a stink. Then the janitor came in!

“Pardon me Dr. Jacobs how’s the trash in here?” I raised my head quickly to see the younger man in a blue uniform look away from my crotch. My cheeks went red and somewhere in the bottom of my belly I began having butterflies, I almost peed myself.

“Yes John the trash is a little full.” Dr. Jacobs answered and with his hands still in latex he slid two fingers back into my now gaping pussy. “Nadia everything feels great both outside and in, I would guess you’re about six weeks along give or take. I could try to hear a heartbeat with an internal ultrasound if you like?”

He was probing me with his fingers digging in so far I could feel his knuckles brushing my clitoris. The janitor walked right by my head and emptied the trash barrel into his cart in the hall, then returned it, I could see him watching Dr. Jacob’s hand out of the corner of his eye. Dr. Jacob’s inadvertent stimulation was making my embarrassment more acute and I drew in a breath sharply, there’s no doubt in my mind that all three men heard it in the silence of the room. Dr. Jacob’s slowly withdrew his fingers.

“Why don’t we do that, there’s an ultra sound machine in the other room with a wand.” Dr. Jacob’s said tossing the exam gloves into John’s cart and washing his hands. “Have Dr. Aaron get you out of those stirrups and head down the hall last room on the left. Dr. Jacobs left again leaving the door open wide, I began to figure that privacy wasn’t sacred in an office this size, I would have to get used to it.

“Is there a bathroom?” I asked Dr. Aaron.

“Yes, but I think the nurse wanted a urine.” Dr. Aaron answered helping me sit up on the exam table. As the nurse walked by Dr. Aaron flagged her down, to further my humiliation the first two urines for teen girls have to be supervised, the nurse suggested Dr. Aaron oversee it because they were so busy.

A moment later I was in a small bathroom with Dr. Aaron and a tiny plastic cup. He had been instructed to watch closely and that although unfortunate it WAS policy. I hovered over the toilet trying to hold the cup against myself. Dr. Aaron watched with his arms crossed it was hard to get going. Finally I began to pee the cup overflowed pretty quickly, (I’ve always had a big bladder) and I got pee all over my hand.

I capped the cup and rinsed it off before washing my hands and then with Dr. Aaron behind me and my hospital gown exited the bathroom.

“Bring that to the front desk, there’s a container for them!” The nurse called out. I walked down the long hall, at the end I could see the waiting room. The cup was warm in my hand, I tried to keep both hands around it so it’s tell-tale greenish yellow color wouldn’t be so obvious.

I got to the front desk and there was John the janitor using a carpet sweeper to clean the floor. He was cleaning a mess right in front of a cabinet that was marked specimens in big letters.

“I’ll just be a second miss.” John said and his big blue eyes trailed down my body. I stood patiently with my cup of pee waiting for the opening. Finally he was finished and I set the cup on top of the cabinet.

“Is that your urine dear?” The nurse from the room asked. I nodded my cheeks going crimson. She took it and opened the cabinet to place it inside. From there I was led to the ultrasound room. An ultrasound tech administered the internal. She was very nice and it was actually pretty cool. I could see the baby. It was tiny with little lumps where its arms and legs would be. They got a faint heartbeat, more of a whooshing sound really. Then I was allowed to get dressed and given a follow-up appointment for a week later.

Dr. Aaron followed me out and wished me luck and I headed out to the parking lot to go home. It was time to tell my parents and I dreaded doing it. I got into my ancient little red car and drove home.

My parents were just getting home and I sat them down and told them where I had been and why. For an instant a smile crossed my mother’s face and then my father exploded. He was furious! I watched in horror as he stormed screaming around the kitchen. Then as though a decision had been made he headed straight for my room. He grabbed my school bag and dumped the books out.

“Won’t be needing these your life is over!” He pulled open the top drawer of my bureau my panty drawer and began throwing handfuls of my little underwear into it with an angry look on his face. Next he jammed it full of socks and bras and zipped it up throwing it at me. He then grabbed my gym bag and threw in as many pairs of pants and shirts as would fit and threw that at me. My mother and I were weeping.

“Go now maybe your boyfriend will have a place for you!” My father yelled.

Sniffling and crying I drove away from my house unsure of where to go. I ended up at Dr. Aaron’s office. At first he was going to give me the name of a shelter, but then he agreed to let me come home with him. He was so kind to me.

To Be Continued……….
