Lunambra 2-2

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Two - Perspective

Sabina slowly walked through the hedges of the castle garden, rubbing her throbbing, distended bladder through her cloth undercoat. The crotch of her leather pants was already damp, and more leaked out of her with every few steps she took. Damn this, how could I get lost in a bloody garden? She stopped again, glaring around and over the hedges, but it was just green in every direction, the only path out twisting and intersecting with other side paths. Just get some cabbage, I said. I'll use the chamberpot when I get home, I said.

Sabina fancied herself an adventurer, but her brain was home to one of the worst senses of direction in the Kingdom. She could get lost in her own house. Now, she cursed herself as she was forced to squat down, squeezing between her legs with all her strength to keep her waters inside. I have no choice, I have to do it out here. There's nobody within half a mile of me, It'll be fine. She hobbled around one last corner, and had to stifle a shriek as she saw two nobles sitting on a bench almost directly in front of her. They were distracted, staring into each others eyes. Sabina jumped sideways, collapsing into a large group of bushes that formed a small circle.

She crawled into the center and fell backwards, twisting her legs together and letting out a silent moan. The sudden surprise and movement had forced a decent spurt from her tortured body, and she could feel the wetness building around her backside within the waterproof pants. She pushed her pelvis upwards and let the urine drip free of her clothes. She had a good view of the two nobles through the greenery, and she watched them as she held herself and gyrated against her hands. Wait a minute, that's Prince Baeden. And is that Marina with him? The hair is right, but I can't see under that veil.

As if on cue, Baeden lifted the woman's veil, revealing that it was indeed Marina. Sabina watched, still desperately holding on, as Baeden lifted Marina onto his lap and began rubbing her belly under a loose corset. She was writhing on top of him, her face held in a combination of pleasure and pain. Soon she stood and got back on top of him, facing him. Sabina felt another spurt leak out of her as Marina lifted her leg and positioned herself over Baeden, and Sabina began feeling very warm as Baeden undid his breeches and lifted up her skirts, his face completely stupefied. Sabina had never seen one before, and she stared at it, dumbfounded.

She was violently returned to reality as a longer burst of pee shot out of her, and she realized that it was over. She ripped the rope of her pants apart, kicking them off her legs as quickly as she could without making noise. Sabina lay there, naked from the waist down, watching as Baeden began to make love to Marina just a few feet from her. She found her hand making its way back between her legs, but instead of the tight squeezing she had gotten used to over the past hour, she began to rub her slick, leaking flower, sliding two fingers into herself.

Marina's moans could be heard clearly, obviously she and Baeden were completely sure of their solitude. They went on for a time as Sabina watched, thrusting her fingers inside of her body until she was overcome with uncontrollable pleasure. She bit down hard on her undercoat, silently moaning into the cloth, tears of pleasure sitting in the corners of her eyes, containing a squeal as Baeden pushed Marina off of him, and something white flew from his manhood and landed just inches away from her.

Sabina was still containing the majority of her water, and she squirmed as Marina stood up, walking ever closer to her. Sabina pressed her hand over her mouth, her breathing shallow. "I can't...it's coming now," Marina said, looking down at her feet. Sabina stared, eyes wide, as the soft hiss could be heard and Marina's flood started pouring from under her skirts. The path of liquid found its way to the patch of dirt surrounding Sabina's hiding place, all the while more and more sprayed from the tiny girl. Baeden had walked up to Marina and was rubbing her womanhood through her dress, soaking his hands. Finally she finished, and after exchanging some whispered words, the two of them walked away.

It was all too much for Sabina. She forced both hands between her legs, twisting them together and folding herself up into a ball, but it was over. Her waters found their way through her hands and flooded the grass beneath her, and she bit her lip as she felt herself orgasm once more. She dropped her hands and opened her legs, watching her pee shoot freely into the bushes in front of her. She found herself smiling madly, and she pushed down on her belly and giggled as the pressure of her stream increased. This is fun, she thought. A long time later, she slowed to a trickle and finally stopped. She lay in the bushes for nearly an hour, fingering and rubbing herself the entire time. Baeden and Marina's display was the most wonderful thing she had ever seen, and she wanted more.

