Title: The Cat Burglar

By: Assassin

Amanda was an average citizen of Urinton but she knew the mayors daughter very well. The mayor of Urinton was very strict about who his daughter saw and the fact that it was time for her to find a husband made his watching eyes even more keen. Nosella was the name of the mayors daughter and she was a sight. Perfectly formed body complemented her intelligence and personality. She without her fathers knowing had grown to love a commonboy named Johann. It was time she asked her father if she could marry Johann. She arranged a time at dinner where they could all sit down and talk about this matter.

"I absolutly will not have it!" Bellowed the mayor. "Young lady this is not the man for you. Show me a person willing to risk his life for you and I'll concider it. Untill then this matter is closed!" The mayor stormed out of the room slamming the door behind him. Nosella turned to Johann and spoke, "I have a plan that will make my father notice you. Come to the Rosetta bar at midnight tomorrow and we'll discuss it."

Two days later Amanda, Nosella and Johann were at the Rosetta bar 2 miles outside of town. Nosella described her plan. "A couple of years ago someone mugged a lady just outside of town. It was late and noone saw the person but the lady described the mugger only as wearing a black cat costume. Of course he was never caught so I thought that we could bring the mugger back." "You know the mugger?" replied Johann. "Of course not silly. Amanda here knows a little martial arts so I thought she could act like she mugged me and you knock her down then have her escape." Amanda who had been deathly silent untill now spoke up, "But nobody will see we'll be out of town. Besides I don't have a cat costume." "You can e a witness and we'll rent a costume in the next town." "Sounds good lets do it okay I'll rent a costume tonight and I'll mug you outside of town tomorrow at midnight.

At the costume shop amanda sees only one cat costume and wonders if it'll fit. She takes it to the counter and asks if they have any larger. The store manager replies no and so she payes the money to rent it and leaves the store. She arrives at her house and calls Nosella. "Hello." "Its me listen I've got the costume but its a little small so before you go to the bar with Johann I need you to help me get dressed.

The next day at 8:00 PM Nosella arrives at Amandas house. "Okay I'm going to the bar with Johann in about a half an hour so we need to get you suited up. We'll come to the meeting place at 12:15 so don't be late." Amanda stripped out of all of her clothes but her diaper and bra. Amanda had had a history of bladder problems so always made sure to wear a diaper just in case. Nosella tried to pull the costume up and over the diaper but it was no use. "Its not possible with your diaper and bra on you'll have to have nothing under the costume." Amanda stripped her panties and bra off not even thinking about things to come. Nosella struggled to get it on and it took 15 minutes to do so. "Oh shoot" Amanda cried.

"I need to use the restroom real quickly." "I'm late as it is we'll move the time to 11:15 so you won't ruin the costume." Nosella walked out the door. Leaving the head in her room Amanda left 10 minutes later and headed for the town square. She didn't want to waste time simply because of this ordeal with Nosella. Half an hour later at about 9:00 she noticed the first signs of needing to pee. She just used her little bladder controll to hold it back. She had to hold it there was no way she could pee in this damned costume. About five minutes later the urge surged in her bladder. She immediatly pressed her leggs together but not without a struggle of another kind. Shit she spoke aloud as she felt a spurt trickle out. In an instant it was over but now her bladder felt much larger than before. She tried to sit down to relieve some pressure but instead the pressure became more intense and she heard a tearing noise.

She stood back up and put her hand to her crotch untill she regained controll. She then examined the back of her costume noticing a tear up from her butt to midway up her back. She ran out the door of the store she was in to hide what had happened. She felt a strong urge from her crotch and had to bend double, cross her leggs and shove her hands into her crotch. To no avail though pee started flowing between her legs the dark material glistening under the lamp post. Then the worst happened. She heard a tear, then another. Pieces of cloth fell off of her. In a few seconds she was standing in a puddle totally naked surrounded by black scraps under a lamp post in front of about 50 people. First she looked for any police seeing none she ran home.

At home she called Nosellas pager and left a message as to what had happened. It was the most embarrasing moment in Amanda's Life...

