This is a story about male and female desperation. It happened at a concert last summer.... And yes... that's me in the pictures.
It was a hot July night and a very popular band was playing at an outdoor concert in the park. My friend Jess, and our dates Mark and Brad were all going to go with me to the concert. It started at 9pm, but at about 7pm we all met at Mark's house to have a few drinks before we left. There would be a beer gardens there but we wanted to get buzzed before we got there. Since it was a warm night Jess and I were both wearing tank tops, me with a skirt and her with shorts. Both the guys just had on t–shirts and khaki shorts. We started with a couple shots each and then switched to beer, we didn't want to mix hard liquor with beer once we got there. We each had 2 beers and then it was time to go, we were going to take the bus since none of us would be in a state to drive later on. We each filled up a colored water bottle with beer and all went pee about 15–20 minutes before we left. Once we were on the bus, the ride was only about 20 minutes; we all easily finished of our bottles of beer. We arrived down there quite early and the line up was already half way around the building but after standing for a few minutes we saw that it was moving quite quickly. After a few minutes we were all laughing and having a good time, there were tons of people partying and drinking in line. When we got a little closer to the front I had the urge to pee, I knew I could hold it for a bit longer, I have a fairly strong bladder but I would have to find one when we got in. I looked at Jess and she kinda laughed and said "Man, I sure have to piss, i hope we can find a bathroom soon!!"
As if on cue, Brad pointed up ahead and said there was bathrooms right ahead. He said, "I need to go, 2 people can go and the other 2 can hold our place in line and take turns. Jess exclaimed, "Ok, I need to go too, come on Brad" Mark and I groaned but agreed, having to wait not much longer. They ran off and came back not a minute later. "They are locked, we will have to wait until we are inside" Brad said, obviously incredibly disappointed and in desperate need of relieving himself. Secretly a part of me was glad, I was enjoying the predicament, if only I did not have to go so bad as well. The line continued to move and soon we were almost at the gate to get in. As we were being searched and let thru, I asked security were the bathrooms were. He explained that they were on the other side of the grounds and pointed the direction. Once we all got in, we were all obviously in a great need of a piss; we wanted to stay all together and made our way quickly thru the crowds. The bathrooms were porta potties secluded behind trees and it seemed that a great deal of people had the same predicament. There were about 10 stalls all in a row and in each line there was about 5 – 6 people, lots of which had their legs crossed and one that was openly holding herself. "Oh shit, i cannot wait, I will have to go against the fence behind them" Brad cried. Jess said "I don't think so, you'll have to wait in line with us, us girls cannot go and do that." Brad moaned but then got into the next line over with Jess. Mark and I stayed together, making an agreement that we would go in at the same time and he would pee in the sink or between my legs if he had to. He was hunched over, occasionally reaching into his pocket and squeezing himself. We hadn't been seeing each other for very long and this was the first time I had seen him like this, it was actually a huge turn on. Jess was jumping up and down openly holding herself. She yelled for the people ahead to hurry up. Brad bent over and looked like he was going to piss anytime, "I have never had to go so bad in my life." Soon we were second in line and Brad and Ashley were still third. There were 2 guys beside us that could not sit still and kept announcing loudly that they had to piss. Soon, one guy raced behind the porta potties unzipping his pants as he went. The other guy quickly followed and when they came out there was only one person ahead of us. When they returned one of them said to us "One of the good things about being a guy!" obviously enjoying Jess and my dilemma. "Why don't you guys do the same??" they asked Mark and Brad, laughing as they walked by. Brad looked like he would have said something back if he didn't have to pee so badly. Soon they were next in line as well and all of us were doubled over and openly holding ourselves. "I have never had to go so bad in my life" Jess cried. 
When the person ahead of us came out we both raced inside leaving Brad and Jess still waiting. I immediately had my skirt up and my panties down. Mark had his shorts down quickly and was squeezing his penis very hard trying to cut of the flow just 30 seconds longer. The sink was clogged so I sat down and spread my legs wide, leaving Mark enough room to pee if his aim was good. I immediately started to pee, a very strong stream. Seeing me, Mark almost let go; he was concentrating very hard on trying not to pee on me. Soon, a small stream began as our streams combined together as one. His stream grew into a steady force and piss began to splash on my legs." You have to slow it down" I said sternly "You are getting me wet" He groaned and used all his force to bring it down and after about 30 seconds he was done. Now that we both felt better I got up and I gave him a romantic kiss. We went outside to find that Jess and Brad must have gotten in. When they came out they both looked relieved. "Man, I cannot believe I held that for that long, I thought I was going to piss myself" Brad said. We all went to get a drink but knew to give ourselves plenty of time to get to the bathroom for the rest of the night! Later I asked Jess how they had peed. She told me that she had peed first while he watched and that it had turned her on that he had been such a gentleman even though he was obviously pushing his limits.
Auburn Mist