Night of the Living Wet (Part 4)
Episode 4 – The Wet Zone
As Laurie's jeep was riding over campus grounds once more, she had some trouble keeping her mind on the road. Laurie sat fidgeting in her seat, trying to keep her feet on the pedals; she was wearing sandals, and she could see her toes curling in them. Her white cotton panties were already wet with sweat, partly from the heat, partly from the excitement but mostly because she was holding her sphincter muscle closed with all the strength in her body. Laurie was wearing a pink dress with a flower pattern, and both her thighs were pressing hard against each other through it; the soft fabric was the only thing that prevented her equally sweaty legs from touching each other (which she reckoned was a dirty feeling). The fact that Cathy was sitting next to her with legs crossed and one leg kicking against the dashboard nervously didn't help either– both girls really had to pee, but every attempt at reaching a bathroom that evening had been catastrophic so far. "Look, I'm sure it's too late for her," Cathy pleaded, "why would that creature take Kitty to the biology building anyway?" "I'm not saying it did," Laurie answered, "but I know it didn't kill her, so it must have taken her away. If it didn't take her to the biology building, I'm sure we'll find out there where it did take her." "It's just that the smart thing to do is to get out of here as quickly as possible," Cathy remarked. "I'm not leaving her," Laurie answered determined as she pulled the jeep over; they had arrived at the biology building. Cathy noticed that the doors were pulled out of the hinges, and that made her gasp in fear. "It's here!" she whispered to Laurie, "look!" "That happened when we were here earlier," Laurie explained as she got out of the car, "Kitty had to go to the bathroom and– oh God," she just realized something. "What? What is it?" Cathy also got out and crossed her legs in desperation. "There's a pattern," Laurie explained while walking up to the building, "the first time we saw the creature here was when Kitty had to pee. The bathrooms were destroyed and she had her first accident; then, the creature came after us. It appeared again when she tried to use your bathroom, where she had a second accident. The third time was in our dorm, when Kitty was actually on the toilet – so the next time one of us pees, it might come after one of us." "Oh no," Cathy said, "It saw me pee! I wet myself when I first saw it, remember? It must be coming after me next!" Cathy started doing a pee–pee dance; the panic only made her more desperate. "And just when I really have to go," she added, "I told you beer goes straight through me!" Laurie grabbed her crotch through her dress and walked into the hall. "It helps not to talk about it," she pleaded with Cathy, "I'm desperate for a pee myself." "Whatever you do, don't use the bathrooms!" the girls heard a voice warn them from the top of the stairs. A young woman came running down the stairs; she was in her thirties, had shoulder–length, dark brown hair and a nice figure, and was wearing a lab coat with numerous stains of dubious origin. "Doctor Williams!" Cathy exclaimed, "What is going on here?" "You know her?" Laurie asked, letting go of her crotch as someone was watching now. She did cross her legs and pressed her thighs tightly against each other, however. "I've taken biology with her this year," Cathy said, "Dr. Williams is quite the geneticist." "Too good, apparently," the doctor interrupted her, "it's very dangerous to be here right now, you should leave immediately!" She then noticed how Laurie's legs were crossed; Laurie uncrossed them in shame, but pressed her knees hard together. Her bulging bladder was not going to be able to hold on much longer, she knew, but she had to know what was going on first. "We've been here before," Laurie said, "I don't know what you've been doing in this building, but whatever creature escaped here got a hold of my friend!" "Let me explain," Doctor Williams sighed, "would you like a cup of coffee or something?" "I'd better not," both girls said in unison: then they looked at each other and blushed. "We would appreciate a visit to a bathroom you might have," Cathy added as she pressed her index and middle finger firmly into her crotch. "Whatever you do, don't pee!" Doctor Williams exclaimed, "look, we've been creating a hybrid creature here – but it came out more harmful than we'd ever expected. It can't see, but senses certain acids that are commonly found in human urine. As long as it's contained in your bladder, you're safe, but the scent seems to drive it crazy." "That's why it kept on coming after Kitty," Laurie realized, "it got her scent, just like a trained dog."
"But I really have to go–ho.", Cathy hopped from one foot on the other, "and it already has my scent!" "Did it come after you too?" Doctor Williams asked worriedly. "Well, I kind of wet myself," Cathy admitted, "When I saw the creature." "Did you wash yourself? Thoroughly?" the doctor insisted. "Kind of," Cathy now really felt five again, being asked after she cleaned up well after wetting her pants, "and I got clean clothes from Laurie. But I'm going to go in them again if I don't get to a bathroom real soon!" Laurie was getting into big trouble too: not only did she have to worry about the disgrace of wetting herself, now it actually could get her killed! "What about Kitty?" Laurie asked, now hopping up and down too, "it took her, we don't know where." "The creature encases its victims in a sort of satchel, like a kangaroo," doctor Williams explained, "It's most likely carrying your friend along for the ride. But I don't know where it is right now, so maybe at least it's safe to use the bathroom just now." "Thank god!" Cathy said as she bent over; she only had one beer since she wet herself, but that was bursting to get out! "The toilets here are destroyed," Laurie sighed. "Look, I'm desperate for a pee too, you know, but it's just too dangerous to go right now!" "Please!" Cathy begged and stomped her foot on the ground like a little girl, "I don't want to soil your clothes too!" Laurie saw her puppy eyes and was about to say "all right then" when she heard something more alarming. A slight dripping sound from near her, that seemed to gain in speed and strength as the seconds passed. Cathy and Laurie looked at doctor Williams, and saw a small yellow puddle forming at her feet; tears welled up in the eyes beneath her large glasses. "I'm sorry," she said with a trembling voice, "I was too scared of the creature to go before and then you came in here." "Please stop!" Cathy screamed, "I mean it, doctor! I really can't hold on any more!" As Cathy jumped around, Doctor Williams just started crying harder. She spread her legs and a hard yellow stream shot out from beneath her black skirt; a long night's work of coffees shot out of her with an unbelievable force. Cathy pushed both hands into her crotch, but the hissing sound seemed to press harder and harder onto her bladder; Laurie tried to concentrate on something else and looked around her, but couldn't help doing a pee–pee dance. Both girls took a step backwards as the warm, yellow flood flowed toward them on the tile floor. Laurie's toes curled once more in her sandals as she watched Dr. Williams' pee closing in on her. Cathy was clearly having more trouble; she squirmed like a snake and tears welled up in her eyes as the only things that stood between her completely letting go were her hands, pressing her sphincter muscles together. A few drops escaped, but she was able to keep most in. When Dr. Williams had finished she still stood trembling all over in a pool of her own pee. She held both hands in front of her face in shame as she kept on crying like a schoolgirl; Cathy had never seen the professional, perfectionist woman break down like this. Not even daring to relax her thigh muscles, she looked at Laurie and mouthed the word "please" she knew she'd be next, although Cathy was holding herself too. Then, both girls heard a thump from the corridor; Cathy shrieked shortly, but not only her mouth seemed to open. A small squirt flowed into her panties. "Oh god, it's here," Cathy said with a high–pitched voice; she knew the creature had come. Laurie kept staring into the darkness of the corridor, but saw no movement. "Let's get out of here!" Cathy pleaded as she felt a second drop leaking out of her. "Don't tempt that thing, come on, we'll crouch outside. Far away outside." "We can't risk that," Laurie said bravely, although she was bursting too and holding herself through her pink dress. "It might have Kitty!" Suddenly, they heard a second thump; Cathy felt a second squirt flowing into her panties – she tightened her grip, but she knew she couldn't hold on much longer. She could feel that her crotch was not the only thing getting moist – a single drop made it into her butt crack. The thump came from the corridor that lead to the place where the toilets used to be. "She's right," Dr. Williams sobbed. "You girls leave, I'll distract it – it'll be coming after me now." Somehow, Cathy was relieved that Dr. Williams had wet herself; that way, her moist panties wouldn't attract the beast. But before anyone could do anything else, a large shadow ran towards them with a fierce howl; Dr. Williams pushed Laurie to the side, and all the girls saw was a furry fury throwing itself onto the soiled doctor. As Dr. Williams fell to the ground, Cathy fell down into a corner, tightly grabbing hold of her crotch and kicking her feet all around her, but Laurie watched how the creature started to encase Dr. Williams in a satchel near its immense jaws. Dr. Williams kept on kicking around, and that gave Laurie an idea; she jumped towards her legs and grabbed her soaked panties under her short skirt. Laurie pulled them off, trying desperately not to lose bladder control while doing so, and threw them back into the corridor; with another fierce cry, the creature let go of Dr. Williams and turned towards her wet panties; it ran off in that direction immediately. Doctor Williams came to, her face and shoulders covered in a yellowish slime as the beast took off again. "Doctor," Laurie grabbed her by the arm with one hand while grabbing her crotch with the other. "Where did it go? You must know!" "The bathrooms," Dr. Williams coughed, "it must be traveling through the sewers." "But where is it going?" Laurie asked her again, now crossing and uncrossing her legs. "Where it smells the most urine," the doctor gasped for air. "The party," Laurie realized, "it must be going to the party Kitty and I were going to. We must stop it!" "Can we at least pee first?" Cathy begged her, "I'm really going to wet my pants, and I mean it!" "No time," Laurie said as she dropped Dr. Williams and pulled Cathy through the door, "the lives of about everyone on campus depend on us!"
TO BE CONTINUED.
Skaat ( Email Welcome... Skaat is male ) next Skaat story