Lunambra 1-9

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 9 - Climax

Marina crashed onto the Prince's massive bed, and gasped sharply as she desperately twisted her legs together. Her hands rested on her belly, which was bulging prominently between her navel and her pubic hair. Baeden stood over her, violently tugging at his belt as his manhood pressed uncomfortably against his leather greaves. He finally unbuckled the belt and the greaves dropped, revealing his own hugely bulging bladder. He moaned, a primal noise of pleasurable agony as his body fought to its very limit. He placed both his hands on Marina's legs and slowly untangled them, pulling them apart. He had a full view of her throbbing privates, and her gyrating body that contained an ungodly amount of urine. He lowered his left hand down her leg and rubbed her womanhood, pressing into it with his palm and running his thumb along the engorged skin.

Marina shrieked as she lost control for a second, spraying a small amount of her fluid directly onto Baeden's chest. He moaned again, and leaned into her, kissing her deeply, his own bladder pressing against hers. There were tears in her eyes, but she begged him not to stop, pleaded with him to finish what they started the night before. He held his erection, gripping it tightly and directing it towards her. He was amazed that he hadn't wet himself yet, knowing that his stiffness was all that stood in the way of it. He pressed the tip of his member against her, and she thrust herself upward, moaning loudly and rubbing her belly with both hands. He thought he would have trouble entering her, that she would be squeezing too hard to allow it, but was surprised when he slid fully into her with the slightest lean. She wasn't loose by any means, but she was so wet that it hardly mattered.

He pulled back, then thrust into her again, to which she screamed in pleasure and gripped her hands around his waist. Her belly was open, and he placed a large hand directly on it and pushed, hard. She shrieked, and a spray of urine burst over his organ, soaking the sheets and causing his own need to impossibly increase. She managed to stop the flow, and leaned back again as he made love to her. For ten minutes this went on, both of them on the very edge of complete loss of control. Marina released several small spurts as he thrust into her and pressed on her bladder, but he managed to maintain full control. She wouldn't let him get off that easily, however.

Marina raised her feet, and wrapped them around his body, pulling him into her as hard as she could, holding him there. She lowered her hands and began pressing into his stomach with both her fists. He shouted and tried to pull away, but she strengthened her grip with her legs and finally felt him start wetting into her. It was so warm, so wet, she felt it shoot up into her body, then gush out onto the sheets and floor. She couldn't stop it: She came, squirting a mix of urine and sex directly onto Baeden's rock-hard shaft. He spurt into her a few more times, but then pulled back hard enough to break away from her legs. He was leaning forward, grasping his rod tightly as more piss trickled slowly from it.

"Why do you stop, my Prince?" Marina moaned desperately at him, twisting her legs together again and pressing both hands against herself.

"I don't want to...inside of you," he panted. "If you become pregnant, they will banish you from the castle. A servant cannot serve if she must raise a child."

"I understand. I wish to leave this place someday, and I know you do as well. But not like this. Very well." She rolled forward, off the bed, landing in the puddle of their mixed juices. She grabbed his manhood and immediately began sucking on it, lovingly stroking his leg and shaft with each hand respectively.

"No, Mari- I don't know if I can hold-" he gasped. She kept at it, and sure enough, after no more than a minute, he lost control entirely. He sprayed into her mouth, and she started, but quickly recovered and began drinking directly from the tap. She drank for ten seconds, and then gripped him as hard as she could, shutting the flow. He groaned in pain, looking down at her.

"I can't drink anymore, and I can't hold it either. We can't finish in here, it will be impossible to clean up," she moaned.

"Chamberpot, where is it?" Baeden looked around the torchlit room, and to his horror, he saw that the chamberpot was missing. A servant must have forgotten to replace it before they arrived. His body pushed against Marina's hand. It hurt, badly, but she was right. There would be no explaining it if they released themselves fully inside his room. "I have an idea. The torch-"

Swatting away Marina's hand and replacing it with his own, he hobbled over to the torch. He removed it from the sconce and turned to put it out, but the snuffer was missing as well. "Bloody hell, that servant is going to get it tomorrow," he hissed. Marina waddled up to him and took the torch from him.

"You should be resourceful enough for this, my Prince," she teased. She held the torch in her left hand, and placed her right hand between her legs and pulled her lips upwards. She released a short spray of urine that quickly extinguished the torch.

"Amazing thinking, Marina. Come on." In a series of pathetic movements, they made their way to the balcony door and pushed it open. It was pitch black, and without the torchlight there was no chance of anybody seeing anything. They stepped out onto the balcony. Marina held the Prince, pressing herself against him.

"I really cannot wait any longer, my Prince." She stood, her legs slightly apart, and navigated the prince to stand in front of her, his shaft right under her womanhood. Just as he got into place, she finally lost her battle. It sounded like a waterfall as she released herself on the balcony. She closed her legs, allowing the prince to thrust between them without actually penetrating her. She went for an age, splattering the stone floors, the puddle pouring over the side into the grass below. The Prince rubbed her breasts, kissed her as this went on, and finally, he came, shooting his seed over the balcony rail. He moaned his final gasp of pleasure, and leaned against her as she finished.

They stayed there, holding each other for a short time, but Marina soon felt more warmth spreading down her legs. She looked down, saw that it was finally time for the Prince to relieve himself now that he began to soften. He held himself aimed at her, spraying it over her legs and privates. She squatted down, taking it on her breasts and shoulders. She moved his hand away and held it herself, feeling the liquid pulse through his member. It was a strange but entirely arousing feeling, something that she could never experience for herself but felt so normal to him and all men.

She began to rub herself again, cumming almost instantly and even more of her fluids hit the floor below her. Eventually he stopped, and they limped back to the bed. She collapsed onto it, breathing heavily. Baeden wadded up the sheets and blanket, using them to wipe the rest of the liquid between his legs, patting down Marina as well, and finished by wiping up the small puddle on the ground next to the bed. He then shoved the entire bedspread into a large rucksack, and crawled into bed beside Marina.

He gently stroked her hair and breasts, and whispered in her ear. "Tomorrow I'll bring them with me on my morning ride and wash them in the snow. I also need to give tonight's servant a piece of my mind."

"I am tonight's servant, you simple man," she teased, and lovingly kissed him.

