Stocks & Shares

by David North

Erika smiled with satisfaction as she pulled into the parking garage of her apartment building. The week had been a highly lucrative one. Working as a secretary to one of the major players on Wall Street meant that her investments were generally steered in the right direction as the market shifted. Craig Mountbatten had advised a shift in the distribution of her assets early in the week, and as usual his instincts had been spot on. Erika had made ten thousand bucks almost overnight.

Not everyone was so fortunate. One of her colleagues, Sandy, had followed her own boss's advice and lost almost as much as Erika had made. Erika didn't feel too bad about it, however; Sandy was a stuck-up bitch who often bragged about how wealthy her family was, and how she didn't need to work but did so for fun. The woman was insufferable, and Erika had sniggered behind her hand at Sandy's misfortunate. True to form, however, Sandy had not taken it well.

"Think it's funny?" she had said as Erika had been on her way outr of the office with a smile on her face.

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, don't play the innocent. You let me take that fall," Sandy had said in an accusatory tone.

"I don't know what you're talking about Sandy," Erika had replied. "Besides, you wouldn't listen to me even if I did try to help you."

"Don't think this is over," Sandy had retorted angrily as Erika had departed.

Erika stepped from her car and bent at the waist to retrieve her briefcase from the back seat. She gasped softly as her bladder twinged. She needed to pee.

The elevator carried her swiftly to the tenth floor when she exited and groped in her door key. She had taken it off the main key ring to have a spare cut at lunchtime, and could not remember where she had put them. She stood outside her apartment door, bending her right knee as the urge to pee intensified, the way it always did when the bathroom was near at hand. Where were the damned keys? She stooped down and opened her briefcase, rummaging through her pages, probing the pockets on the interior of the lid.

Her fingers brushed against something metal in the zip-up pocket. Oh, that was it, she had put the keys in there fore safety until she got around to reattaching at least one of them to the key ring. Erika frowned: she could only find one of the keys. What had happened to the spare?

Suddenly desperate to pee, she decided to leave that question unanswered for the moment and let herself into her apartment so that she could use the bathroom. As she stepped inside, she heard the rustle of someone moving behind and to her left, the sound coming from behind the door. A hand clamped over her mouth and nose. Not just a hand - a cloth, a cloth that smelled of... of... something strong... the room was receding... shrinking... darkness closing in.

Erika's mind swam up from the depths of sleep into a world quivering as if she were seeing it through water. Her eye sockets ached, and her nostrils felt raw the way they did after she had been swimming in a heavily-chlorinated pool. She tried to move, but couldn't feel her body. At least, she could feel it, but she couldn't seem to move.

Blinking in confusion, Erika dimly became aware that her surroundings were familiar. She was in her bedroom. There was her bed. She was sitting on... on something... strange. Something that was hard. Something that shouldn't be in her bedroom. She closed her aching eyes and tried to reach up to massage them with her fingers, but her hands refused to respond. No, not just her hands; her arms too. She was pulling at them to make them move, but they were pinned behind her somehow.

Erika opened her eyes wider, staring now at her legs stretched out before her. They wouldn't move either. Someone was holding her ankles. No, not someone - something! What was going on?

Erika tried to pose the question aloud, but her mouth was stuffed with material of some kind, while something had been tight across her mouth and cheeks. She started, suddenly realizing that she was bound and gagged. In her own bedroom! And what was worse, her bladder was really aching now. She had wanted to pee when she let herself in, but she had clearly had not made it to the bathroom before... before what?

"Hello Erika," said a familiar female voice.

She looked round to find Sandy standing in the bedroom doorway, grinning broadly. Erika tried to speak but produced only a series of muffled grunts.

"Comfortable?" Sandy taunted.

Erika grunted again, flexing her wrists and finding her bonds tight.

"Jake and I thought you needed a lesson in humility, Erika," Sandy was saying. Jake was her boss, an arrogant asshole who didn't possess one half of Craig's intuitive ability when it came to sensing shifts in the market. "We thought it might be a good thing if you spent your weekend on ice," Sandy went on. "Jake felt that putting you in the stocks was poetic justice, a reminder that you should let your colleagues in on any insider information you receive."

Erika shook her head. What the hell was the woman talking about? There had been nothing illegal about Craig's advice... had there? Surely he wasn't mixed up in some kind of insider trading? She tried to tell Sandy not to be such a stupid bitch, but the words in her throat emerged as just another series of muffled grunts.

"I'll check back on you later," Sandy said, gripping the door handle preparatory to closing the door. "See if you need something to eat, or drink... or a visit to the bathroom. In the meantime, Jake and I are going out for the evening. Don't wait up."

Erika wiggled her knees and strained against the ropes restraining her body, trying to convey to Sandy that she already needed to use the bathroom. If Sandy noticed, she didn't give any sign of it. Instead, she waggled her fingers in a farewell gesture and closed the door, leaving Erika at the mercy of her bonds and her aching bladder.

For the next hour, Erika struggled to free her hands, tugging and twisting the rope binding her wrists together. She had stretched her fingers in an attempt to work on the knot, but it was just behind her reach. She tugged and twisted her wrists, trying to work her bonds loose enough to slide her knuckes through, but whatever she tried didn't work. If anything, her struggles had actually tightened the knot.

Erika let out a long moan of frustration, wiggling her knees up and down as she fought the urge to pee. Her thighs were aching almost as much as her bladder, and the discomfort was growing steadily worse.

She tipped her head back and, for the dozenth time, pulled against the ropes pinning her body to the post at the back of this insane device. She wanted to lean forward to ease some of the agonizing pressure between her hips, but she couldn't move enough to do much good. She tried to bend her knees, but they couldn't help much either. She could only keep her legs moving, the constant motion easing the strain on her sphincter just enough to prevent her muscles from giving way. It wasn't going to work for much longer, however. Soon, she would be forced to wet herself unless someone released her from captivity and let her get to the bathroom.

Where the hell was Sandy? The bitch had promised to come back and attend to her needs. That had been hours ago, and it had to be midnight by now. Erika groaned again: her arms ached; her vagina felt like it was on fire; her backside was numb through sitting on a hard wooden surface for hours. She was thoroughly uncomfortable.

Ohhhhh, she thought. How much longer? I have to pee. I absolutely have to pee!

More time passed and the desire to empty her bladder grew so powerful that Erika's body literally shook with the effort of holding it in. She longs to be able to cross her legs, but it was impossible with her ankles locked in the stocks. She could squeezing her thighs together, she could wiggle her knees up and down, but that was all. She could delay pissing her panties and skirt for a few more minutes, but no longer. She was bursting. She was truly bursting!

Erika blinked as sweat ran into her eyes. Her brow was drenched where she had been straining to control her tormented bladder for so long. As humiliating and unpleasant as the prospect was, she would simply have to let it go in a minute. It was impossible to avoid when her kidneys were continuously feeding more pee into a bladder already stretched to capacity, demanding that she relax her outer sphincter and make more room.

Just as Erika arrived at the point of starting to leak into her panties, the bedroom door opened and Sandy appeared in the opening. Erika squealed through her gag, pulling desperately against her bonds, wiggling her legs with tremendous urgency. Sandy entered at a sedate pace, taking in Erika's frantic struggles. She smiled and said with undisguised satisfaction, "Oh dear, I think someone needs a visit to the bathroom."

Erika's breaths came in sharp gasps through her nose as she waited for Sandy to start untying her. The woman knew she was dying for a piss; surely she would release her now.

Still in no hurry, Sandy knelt down beside Erika and brushed a hand across her captive's dampened brow. "Been wirhout out?" she asked, smiling sadistically. Erika mmmphed through her gag, trying to shake her head, but the gag itself suppressed the movement. "You look like you're about to bust a gut," Sandy observed as she wiped the moisture transferred to her hand from Erika's brow onto the shoulder of the girl's jacket, then slowly ran her hand down Erika's front. Shr stopped at the girl's left breast and gripped it, feeling how firm it was in her grasp. Her hand then continued its journey down across Erika's stomach and came to rest on her abdomen.

Erika let out a muted squeal as Sandy's hand pressed on her abdomen. The woman was squeezing her bladder, compressing it when it couldn't be compressed. The pain was terrible. Erika pleaded for Sandy to stop, but the words were strangled by the gag and came out of inarticulate grunts.

Sandy watched Erika's squirming legs, the way the girl's knees were shaking, knocking together, pulsing up and down. She let her gaze travel along Erika's thigh, exposed by the vent in her skirt. She was so obviously about to piss herself, and this knowledge made Sandy wet between her own thighs. This was exciting, so erotic. Sandy pressed harder, squeezing the poor girl's swollen bladder, making her writhe in her bonds like a snake, whimpering and gasping as she put up a last, valiant fight against insurmountable odds.

Thirty more seconds passed, and still Erika was resisting the pressure of Sandy's pressing rubbing hand on her abdomen. Sandy marvelled: where did the girl find the strength to go on fighting? She decided to rub even harder, the movement more vigorous. She could feel how swollen Erika's bladder was, so bloated that it was literally tugging the front of the girl's skirt tight across her hips.

Unable to believe that the girl could still resist pissing herself despite all this external attention, Sandy finally resorted to using her other hand to grab Erika's left thigh just above the knee. She squeezed, effectively tickling the girl. Erika went wild, pumping her leg in an attempt to shake free of Sandy's grip, but the stock restricted her movements too much for the maneuvre to be successful.

"What's the matter, Erika?" Sandy taunted and she pressed even harder on Erika's bladder. "Can't you handle it? It's pointless to go on fighting. I've got all night, and can keep this up for as long as it takes."

Erika's eyes were wide and bright, glistening with tears. She was in agony, and while she was peeing her panties, she had so far managed to suppress the massive gush that would let Sandy know she had won. But it was so difficult; so incredibly painful. Her bladder was ready to burst--was past its bursting point. She had no idea how she had managed to hold back her pee, other than the fact that she was furious at being treated like this by a stupid bitch like Sandy. But she was so tired, and so terribly desperate to pee. She couldn't hold on any longer.

Becoming angry, Sandy stood up and thrust her hand hard into Erika's abdomen, her palm pushing the swelling down into Erika's body. The impact had been so violent that Erika finally lost all control and started to wet herself with enough force to send urine racing down her still writhing legs, even while seated, over the edge of the wooden platform on which she sat and onto her bedroom carpet.

The stream rushed out of her for twenty seconds, perhaps longer, before it even started to abate. All the while, Sandy kept on pressing on the girl's abdomen, as if intent on sqeezing every last drop of pee from her bladder.

Erika peed and peed and peed until, at last, the flow diminished and finally stopped. Erika's breaths were now deep with relief, and she sat there with her eyes closed, unwilling to face Sandy. Everything below her waist was soaked, and the pee was already beginning to cool on her skirt. It felt horrible, and she hoped that Sandy would now let her go to the bathroom and clean herself up.

Instead, Sandy moved her hands to the front of Erika's skirt and stroked the wet material. Erika opened her eyes and watched this for a moment in horrified fascination, before looking up into Sandy's grinning features. The woman then slid a hand under the hem of Erika's wet skirt and slid it up the girl's innter thigh until she reached her wet panties. Her fingers probed around the edges of the panties, worked their way underneath the material and, with a little effort, inside the front of Erika's vagina. Erika looked shocked as Sandy began to finger her clitoris.

Sandy leaned in close and whispered, "I've made you go, Erika; now I'm going to make you cum."

Erika tried to shake her head, tried to protest. Sandy's smile broadened. "We're going to spend the entire weekend like this, Erika. Me making you piss yourself, then making you have an orgasm afterwards. It's going to be so much fun, don't you think?"

Erika's pain-filled eyes conveyed what she thought of this idea. She did her best to detatch herself from this nightmarish situation, but despite her best efforts, the first faint urges were making their presence felt as Sandy continued to stroke her clitoris, rubbing it rhythmically, rubbing... rubbing... Oh God, she was actually going to cum.

