As the three women were lying in the sun after their lunch, a girl came riding along on her bicycle. With her long, shiny hair, her slender and athletic but well–rounded figure, and her –as usual – fashionable style of dress she was the siren boys might die for. She was living in the next village and not especially fond of Marianne, although she knew the girl liked her. At present, she was disappointed to see the group of women here, where she had thought to take a quick pee break in the bunker. She knew about the vagabond living there and as she did not like vagabonds she wanted to annoy him by peeing into his treasured home. She was relieved to see the three women were almost asleep and as it seemed, naked. Recognizing Marianne, she decided to take a photo of the group and of Marianne. She reckoned, maybe she would be able to use these photos to get some favours from Marianne – she always liked to have people obey her will.
After this, she went down into the bunker and discovered that apparently she hadn't been the only one to elect the place as a favorite bathroom. "Well," she thought, "If they have been peeing here, I might have gotten another advantage: I have the effect I wanted for the vagabond, and if I could only prove the women have peed here, I could always tell Marianne that I would tell her parents or the vagabond what she did here... Hm, maybe I need not even have proof – let's see, how she reacts. Maybe I could obtain the same effect without proof? If only I knew she'd done it!"
Going upstairs again without delay, she ran into Laura, who was halfway down into the bunker. She had forgotten one of the cameras and wanted to pick it up. Laura was quite surprised to see someone around, but didn't let herself be intimidated.
"What are you doing down here?" she asked in a tone that sounded like she were the owner of the place. The same second she thought "Fuck, this is France – no one would believe that I'm the boss here, speaking English!"
Fortunately, the girl answered: "I had to pee, so I went down here to do it with some shelter. Now that I see someone is living here, I decided not to do it and to respect other people's belongings." And she added: "You won't be able to deny that you have not been as polite!"
Laura somehow felt the girl was not really annoyed but only searching for a personal advantage. So she tried to figure out a way to divert the girl's attention to something else and keep herself free of harm. She couldn't allow this girl to run around boasting she had caught them peeing in someone's place! Most promising seemed to her to make the girl pee here, too, and tape it.
"Well, I see, you're playing innocent now?" Laura asked. "Sorry, but that doesn't work with me! Who says, someone peed down here? Let me see!" and pushed the girl into the bunker room. "Ah, so you've been peeing here on the mattress and now you're trying to blame us for it? Quite a nasty creature, you seem to be! Couldn't find a better place to pee than the mattress, could you? Instead of at least peeing into a corner or so?"
Up to now, she had been convinced that the girl really had peed here. But she saw that the mattress was drying fast, and that the girl seemed to be having real trouble holding it. Actually, Laura had the impression she was just audience to a pee pee dance in an advanced state of progress. Well then, she would only have to keep the girl in here a while to make her pee. But this thought was invalidated by the girl 's next statement.
"Looks quite like Marianne, peeing here in a stranger's place!"
Laura knew this wasn't true, since Marianne had tried to prevent any such thing from happening only a few hours ago. But if the girl knew anyone of them, then she couldn't force her to pee here, nor do anything that would bring her in a position to harm Marianne by telling what had happened. She was in a dilemma – until she had a brilliant idea: "If the girl talks like that about Marianne, maybe it is because it would fit into HER thinking?" she wondered.
"Come on, don't tell me such obvious lies. Marianne would never do that." Laura stated. "– But as I talk to you, I get the impression that in reality you're quite happy someone peed into this place..." she trailed off.
"Uh..."
"Because you yourself planed to do it, and now you hope to get the same effect AND be able to blame it on someone else! Is that right, or what?"
The girl blushed and looked to the ground, ashamed. She was caught. But only for a moment: quickly she recovered and snapped:
"So what? You can't prove anything – but I have pictures of you three lying up there in the sun, naked!"
Things were getting complicated, Laura admitted to herself. But on the other hand the girl had confessed she had had similar plans. So how could she appease her and get the pictures?
"Let me see the pictures or I won't believe you!" Laura said, looking inquiringly. She hoped to win some time, but what she got was better, actually. Because when the girl took out her cellular, she could see the girl's full name. Isabelle had a beautiful old house as her screen saver, with her family name written on it. Laura recognized it as standing in a village they had passed before. So she knew name and address now! As the girl showed her the photos, there was some of erotic content from the Internet in that folder, too.
"And are you of legal age to be allowed to have those kinds of pictures on your mobile?" she asked. And of course had the girl show proof in form of her ID card. So the girl was of age and could get in real trouble showing off with the illegally taken photos of the three ladies.
"Just to tell you: if you show our pictures to anyone, you could get into real trouble for taking nude photographs without permission! Better we delete them now – or should I call the police?"
"You wouldn't call the police to show them your nude pics." Isabelle replied – but proceeded to erase the pictures. "Well, you know, I don't need the pictures. If only I'd mention that Marianne did this, she'd be socially isolated and in big trouble with her parents. I'm pretty sure the vagabond who lives here would confirm that someone peed here..."
The biggest danger was eliminated, but now it was her task to compromise Isabelle in a way that would hold harm away from Marianne once they left the region. Otherwise everything that had happened here today could become public. And who knew, what Isabelle was up to?
"Anyways, why did you want to pee here in the first place?" Laura asked. "Do you hate that vagabond, do you enjoy ruining other people's things, does it turn you on to do something as nasty as this – what is it?"
At first, Isabelle did not want to reply. Who would? Still, the constantly rising need to take a pee was working on her. Finally, she was even willing to be honest – to just be allowed and get a pee quickly. Therefore, after some hem and haw, she conceded, she only came here to pee in the bunker because she wanted to play a trick on the vagabond. Just for the fun of it. Then, as she saw Marianne sunbathing here and the pee stains on the mattress, she had decided to take advantage of it to convince Marianne do things like homework for her. She admitted, Marianne liked her quite a lot, wanting to be her friend. Since Isabelle had no special feelings for her, she did not have any qualms using her a bit, planning to use the photographs as reinforcement in case Marianne should give her a hard time. She also pledged, she never really intended to use the pictures other than showing them to Marianne herself.
Laura thought about it, looked at the desperate girl and thought again. A beautiful girl, indeed! She was getting hot and wet and felt ready for some nasty action. Would it be possible to have some fun with Isabelle? Probably not, since she seemed a quite self–confident and emancipated person, rather bullying others around than being bullied herself.
They had been talking for another quarter of an hour now.
"It seems, you have to go quite badly?" Laura teased to find out more about the girls pee related past. "So you prepared this scheme beforehand and it was not just a coincidence you're here today?"
Isabelle squirmed a bit, but they had gotten quite familiar by now and her need was urgent. She admitted: "When I felt, I had to go after lunch, I suddenly had the idea to do it here. So I picked up my bike, rode a large round around town to build some more pressure and later directed my way here."
"So you drank a lot before, but didn't drink any more for the last two or three hours?" Laura was curious. "And, by the way, do you do that regularly, that you leave home to take a pee?"
"I drank just normal amounts, but I haven't peed since about ten o'clock. So it is more than five hours now." She didn't answer the second question.
"Well," Laura thought, "few people would answer such a question, I guess." She gave a second try: "If you do this kind of things, as you said, what was the weirdest place for you to pee? I mean, when did you feel the most emotional?"
Isabelle visibly didn't want to answer a question like this. But the ever–increasing pressure her sphincter had to endure made her quiver. She even had put her hand between her legs to build some extra pressure. And after a while of shifting weight from one side to the other she told her story.
"We were quite young, still, and played hide and seek. I must have been the eldest in the group. There were about five kids from the neighborhood, the day had been long, and of course no one had thought about boring things like going to the bathroom. So there I was, hiding in a shed with a lot of stuff in it. The anxious anticipation made me feel my full bladder. Yeah, I felt that I had to go right now. And that was the first time I felt this tickling in my belly that tells you: you're about to do something nasty, but you're going to enjoy it. I pulled down my panties and peed where I was – into a toy truck I was sitting on. It was a weird feeling, knowing someone was actively trying to find you, the expectancy of getting caught. And then the thought about some kid getting the truck out later, playing with it not knowing what had happened."
"That's a cool story!" Laura exclaimed to show her approval. She thought it might be appropriate to give a hint now that she was no stranger to these feelings. "And wouldn't you be feeling the same if you peed here now? I mean, me standing here in front of you, but no one else being around. That is almost the same situation as back then, isn't it?"
She hoped Isabelle would squat down and pee in front of her. Or at least in some corner with her being able to guess what she wouldn't see. The dancing around had increased during their conversation and Laura was quite sure Isabelle couldn't hold it much longer. Isabelle stood there, slightly bent, holding her hand between her thighs and changing from one foot to the other. "She must have crossed her legs in a different way at least five times during the last ten minutes." Laura thought. Meanwhile, Isabelle was getting impatient – she really had to go! But she wasn't going to compromise herself in front of this woman.
"You forget there are two more women with you. And one of them I know. I wouldn't want Marianne to have such knowledge about me." she evaded.
Laura was about to give up, when she had an idea.
"So it is because of Marianne that you are trying to avoid peeing in here now? And what if you could see her in an equally compromising situation?" she probed, and, to make a point, emphasized, "I guess, you would be able to use that knowledge way better than a shy girl like Marianne!"
That was an argument Isabelle could not ignore. She danced around, holding her crotch, not yet fully convinced. But Laura saw that she was thinking about it. And felt her own bladder twinge as she watched the pee pee dance. "Must be two hours or so since we went upstairs," she thought. Although they hadn't drunk much anymore, the three litres from their walk were still filtering through her body. She wondered, how her companions were doing and if they were sleeping or wondering where she was. Especially Marianne should be feeling her bladder by now, not only had she drunk four litres of water instead of three, but also some of her and, above all, Gillian's pee.
"You know, I have to pee, too." she told Isabelle, "And maybe my companions are feeling the urge to go, too, because we drank quite a bit on our way here and we didn't have a pee break for a while."
"Will they come down here, if they wake up?" Isabelle inquired.
"They will miss me for sure, so they might have a look down here. But otherwise – who knows?" and she gave a knowing smile. Even though not too palpably, because she wanted her new friend to be part of the scheme before she would trust her completely. She couldn't just admit openly they would certainly come down here to pee. And would they? She wasn't sure about Marianne. "How would three ladies like us go to the bathroom, if hiking in the wilderness?" she added.
Isabelle's face showed a sudden tension. She grabbed herself harder and bowed to overcome a surge. She needed to pee now! But at the same time she felt the strangely pleasant feeling in her belly she had felt many years ago. She was feeling nasty and knew she had a chance to experience something new today. Instead of answering the question, she asked: "Did you ever pee on someone?"
"I don't think that you expect me to answer this question?" Laura replied with a vicious smile. And it seemed as if Isabelle understood.
They heard a call that brought them back to reality. Gillian was looking for Laura and now came walking down the stairs. She was startled, to see the girl standing next to Laura and Laura explained: "Isabelle was looking for a place to pee when I went down for the camera. We had quite a pleasant talk and now both of us are looking forward to a nice pee." Gillian understood. Laura had been lucky to find someone to share in the games – or not? The girl did not look as shy and forgiving as Marianne. So what the heck was the plan? From Laura's mischievous smile she knew something was going on.
"Okay, I'll ask Marianne if she wants to come and join us." and Gillian went up again. She brought not only Marianne, but also the camera.
Marianne felt a real need to pee – no wonder, she had been the only one who drank significant amounts after or during their first rest in this room. And she had been the first one to pee – long before Gillian and Laura had finished peeing on her. She was really bursting, now that she wasn't sleeping anymore. She felt lucky not to be wearing anything, as Gillian was still in her panties and Laura was still wearing her skirt and string panties. What an alleviation it would be to squat down and pee! Only after a while she noticed there was someone else in the room – and was quite shocked to see a person she knew, and liked, in the bunker. She wouldn't have wanted to be seen naked by anyone. And it felt even worse to see Isabelle standing there, a girl she hoped to be friends with, but who up to now had treated her only indifferently. What would she say, seeing her naked? Gillian and Laura at least wore their panties... She had to pee so urgently, she wondered if Isabelle would notice? She hoped not! In her predicament, she didn't notice Isabelle was going through similar feelings. Had she seen the stained clothes? Marianne worried. Did she know about her peeing herself? Little did Marianne think about what had happened thereafter – she was feeling the shame of her humiliation more than anything else. And now she was standing there, totally naked, and needing to pee. Worst of all, Gillian had asked her to come down because she needed to pee. Already upstairs she had been wondering what that meant – but since she needed to pee, too, she had followed without any further question. Did they want to pee in this room again? Could she permit that? And with Isabelle being present – what would she expect her to do? Would she laugh at her if she asked they should pee outside? Or would she find that a noble gesture? What would she say if they really peed inside? It looked as though Isabelle had to pee, too, she now observed. Would she join them to pee here? Who would be the first to pee? Certainly not Isabelle, since she was still fully dressed. Marianne started to feel nervous. Was it a good idea to be here? What if the vagabond came? How did Isabelle get here – were there more people coming? No, she had only seen one bike – maybe Isabelle had just been passing and wanted to have a look at the bunker? Or Laura had a question and asked Isabelle to avoid disturbing her and Gillian? Isabelle was intelligent and knew a lot, so maybe they had talked about the historical background of the Maginot Line? She couldn't think of any other explanation for them being in the bunker. Isabelle wouldn't have planed to pee in here? No, certainly not, no, she wouldn't do that!
"Isabelle wants to pee with us." Laura repeated to Marianne. "Actually, I believe, I remember her saying something about peeing in a way she never did it before."
Marianne was wondering what that meant. In the end, you can only pee. There is not a lot of variation to it. What if she wanted to pee in her pants, like she had done, humiliating herself in front of the ladies? No, impossible! Who would want to do that? And why would you want to do that with other people watching you? She looked at Isabelle, but Isabelle seemed just as dumbstruck. Well, there was this uncertain smile in her face. And her body expressed the expectation that was more than just the need to pee.
"Shouldn't I get the picnic blanket?" Marianne asked, just to do something to distract her from her urgent need to pee. And off she went, not waiting for a reply.
"She is not running away?" Isabelle asked, anxiously. Somehow she felt some important decision was ahead. And she felt she wouldn't want Marianne escaping, she felt Marianne would be important to her today.
"No, don't worry," Gillian said. "And we might have good use for the blanket."
Isabelle was flabbergasted, until Gillian stood by her side and indicated the camera screen. It showed Marianne leaning on the wall, Laura standing in front of her, as it seemed rather over her, her skirt blocking Marianne's face from view. Something was glistening between Laura's legs and the mattress Marianne was sitting on showed a darker shade where she sat. Suddenly, she grasped it: Laura was peeing! That was the answer to her question! Isabelle felt even more excited: This promised to be an interesting experience. But what was going to happen? Would they do it to her? No, they knew she would tell. Would they show her in real life, how they peed on each other? Why else would they need the blanket? But where would she pee? She felt heat in her most private parts. Her vagina was beginning to feel wet. The tickling in her body intensified. She almost forgot about her urgent need to pee.
Marianne returned, bringing the blanket. She quickly put it on the mattress to cover the fading pee stain in a vain attempt to hide it. She blushed – Isabelle must have noticed and now knew that it had something to do with her. But Isabelle was too distracted to care. She felt an agreeable anticipation seizing hold of her more and more.
"Why don't you sit down, Marianne?" Laura asked. And as soon as she sat, she placed herself in her favorite spot: Marianne's lap. She had taken off her panties while Gillian was showing Isabelle the photographs and now wanted to feel pussy against pussy. Sitting like that, Marianne blushed. Isabelle – what would she think? Was it a good idea, to accept what Laura did? Or would Isabelle think she was a coward or something worse if she did not object? Or, was she expecting Marianne to be quiet and enjoy what was happening? They had been talking quite a while and maybe Laura had told her about what had happened before? She blushed even more: "This means, Isabelle knows everything," she thought. No, Laura wouldn't have done that to her? In the end she decided to just keep quiet and do what was suggested, like it was her character.
This time, Marianne wasn't leaning to the wall, but sitting along the long side of the mattress. And because there was nothing to lean on, she decided to lie down. Only now she noticed the mattress was not lying flat but had an inclining slope. Something, probably concrete chunks, must be lying below one side. But she liked it, because she was kept in a slightly upright position and could observe what was going on a lot easier.
One thing troubled her: she felt her bladder aching to release her pee. Even worse, as Laura shifted to adapt to the new position – she moved her weight from Marianne's legs towards her body. She was not directly sitting on her tummy, but pressing her vulva into Marianne's private parts didn't ease the pressure much. Marianne considered mentioning her need, but decided it might leave a bad image with Isabelle. Thus, she decided to be silent. Distracted by her growing need and her fear to release her pee in an untimely manner, she did not see Gillian put the cameras in position and then looked at Laura. Isabelle was so fascinated by the view of Laura pressing her lower body – hidden underneath her skirt – against Marianne's vulva that she didn't see anything else. She felt like she was in a weird but agreeable dream. Neither did she see how Gillian prepared the cameras, nor did she see the discreet nod with which Laura directed her to kneel above Marianne's chest. So now Laura was sitting – wearing only her skirt – on Marianne's lower abdomen and legs, with Gillian placed slightly higher, positioned above the girl's big breasts which pushed against her legs. She wore only her black string sports panties on her athletic body.
Laura motioned Isabelle to come closer and sit by her side, so she was facing Laura and Marianne's legs. Laura pulled her skirt up to show how she pressed her cleanly shaved vulva against the girl's almost natural bush. She was rocking up and down, moving her hips. Every time she moved forward, her slit showed and Isabelle could sometimes guess where her clitoris was hidden underneath the junction of her inner labia. Her expectations rose. What was she going to see now? What were the ladies going to do? How would Marianne react? She looked at Marianne's face – she seemed concentrated on something and obviously didn't comprehend a lot of what was going on around her. Isabelle was turned on. Little did she know Marianne was trying hard to keep from wetting herself and peeing on Laura! Laura now sat back a little bit, so Isabelle could see clearly Marianne's inner labia, hidden in the pubic hair. Laura stroked gently over the pubic mound and parted the hair a bit. Now the clitoral hood was almost exposed and Isabelle could see how Laura adjusted her seat.
And then, all of a sudden, a stream of golden fluid shot from Laura's vulva, from between her inner labia where Isabelle could see the urethra pushing forward, right into the pubic bush she was sitting on. Marianne moaned – was it from pleasure? Or was it, because she couldn't hold back any more? However, the very moment Isabelle had taken in the full picture, she noticed a change in Marianne's inner labia. And the light yellow liquid streaming all over her pubis seemed to have a darker hue at the entrance to her vagina. Then, the inner lips finally pushed aside from the pressure: She saw that Marianne was peeing, too. She felt the urge to part the labia to see the stream in full flow, to see the source of it, the urethra. But she didn't dare to reach there, with no reason. Laura, too, noticed what was going on between her legs – and the unconscious twitch in Isabelle's hand. She grabbed the hand and softly guided it into her stream. As she let go, Isabelle directly moved on to part Marianne's lips and hold them opened with her fingers, letting Laura's pee pass between them to hit its aim on Marianne's upper slit. Now Marianne's stream was directed upward and hit Laura in the region of her vagina. Laura moaned and rocked, spraying her pee on Isabelle's hand, Marianne's belly, splashing everywhere. Isabelle was too excited to take notice that her clothes got all sprinkled, she just wanted this to go on forever. She felt a strange warmth in her lower body, a prickle she enjoyed. Her bladder was pressing as it was before, but now it didn't feel as uncomfortable. It felt painful, but good. Just as Laura's stream was ceasing, Isabelle noticed a twitch in her abdomen and before she could help, a dark stain appeared on her low cut jeans, darkening her crotch. She had peed her pants! But she was too nervous to care. Instead, she concentrated on directing Marianne's pee directly into Laura's slit.
As the splashing pee from Laura's "accident" had hit her legs, Gillian had turned and was aroused to see what was going on. She grabbed one of the cameras she could hardly reach and filmed the remaining episode close up. She liked Marianne's dark, recycled pee splashing onto Laura's body and arousing her. She held the camera one handed to reach into her panties and tickle her clitoris a bit. Moisture was spreading between her labia... Wow, this was an afternoon she'd never forget!
Finally, Marianne's need was alleviated, her bladder emptying fast. And it seemed, no one had objected to her behavior. She felt someone playing with her labia, but she didn't mind as long as her pee could keep gushing from her urethra. She even had had a pleasant feeling, when Laura's pee had hit her body at the same time as she was releasing her floods. She was so grateful Laura had peed on her and thus indicated that it was time to let go without shame! She opened her eyes and looked directly into Gillian's crotch, hidden from view by her hand and panties, about half a meter in front of her, blocking everything else that was going on. But on the camera screen – Gillian had to hold the camera at a rather odd angle, because she was facing towards Marianne's face and filming backwards – Marianne could see herself peeing on Laura, someone's fingers holding her labia. It looked like they did not belong to Laura. A strange feeling ran through her body. Isabelle was touching her labia! She did not mind her to be peeing like that? So she would still have a chance at the girl's friendship? This moment, she felt really grateful and relaxed. She felt she could do anything for Isabelle in this moment. A few last spurts escaped from her bladder and she leaned back, feeling at ease again.
With the pee running dry, the women's concentration turned to other things. Isabelle was feeling a really strong need now, desperate not to pee more in her pants. She had to wear them on her way home! Already, a large stain in her crotch showed how desperately she needed to go. So when Laura moved closer to Marianne's mound again, trapping Isabelle's fingers between the two vulvae, she gently pulled them out and got up. Laura's worried look quickly got friendly again when she saw that Isabelle had started to unbutton her trousers. Anyway, she had been involved in the action and her fingers been filmed touching Marianne's peeing pussy, being splashed all over with Laura's pee – she wouldn't be able to harm them without harming herself anymore.
With a wink she called Isabelle to come closer and whispered in her ear: "Maybe you wanna sit in front of Gillian now?"
Isabelle felt a hot flush run through her body. This was going to be interesting. How much fun she would have! The woman allowed her to sit on naked Marianne! Isabelle nodded – she couldn't do more, excited as she was. The girl stripped off her jeans and also removed her wet panties. Was it only pee that stained them? It didn't matter now. She wanted to have direct control of her pee stream. She was very nervous, but did not dare to think about peeing yet. What did the ladies plan to offer now? They were a really strange couple and she was glad she had met them to bring some diversion into her life. But certainly they wouldn't let her repeat what she had witnessed moments ago!
Gillian handed Laura the cam and called Isabelle's attention, pointing in front of her. This was the reason why Isabelle decided to kneel above Marianne's face, facing towards Gillian. She spread her legs wide, so she would be closer to the girl's face, her shaved crotch gently striking Marianne's nose. She felt a tickle go through her body, a shiver, and felt goose bumps all over herself. She couldn't resist to move her hip back and forth a bit to repeat this feeling. Her slightly longer inner lips were softly gliding along the girl's nose, wet with the remains of her pee burst and maybe something else. She forced herself not to pee right now, hoping that she would be allowed to remain in this position until she finally had to pee. She saw Gillian's small breasts swollen, her nipples erect and her body tightened from arousal. Instinctively, she knew Gillian was enjoying herself just as much as she was. Then she saw it: a small glistening showed how the first drops of pee passed through the fabric of her panties and landed on Marianne's lower body. Gillian moved a bit closer, peed a bit stronger. Yes, she was going to pee through her panties, Isabelle thought, full of astonishment. Gillian's pee was of a lighter hue and did not smell as much as Marianne's since she had not been forced to drink pee before. Without a word from anyone, Marianne moved her hands up to spread Gillian's labia and pull her panties aside as her stream stopped. Gillian's crotch was about twenty centimetres above Marianne's cleavage and a new stream shot out. Slowly, Gillian moved her hips to direct the stream further up. First it had only hit the cleavage, now it was on the upper d�collet�. And it continued further up, now reaching up to her chin. Isabelle was thrilled. The pee splashed in all directions, also wetting Isabelle's private parts and lower belly. Yes, the stream almost hit her pussy, as she was rocking back and forth. She didn't mind. She just wanted to keep feeling the soft touch of Marianne's nose between her thighs.
She hadn't yet noticed the camera that was filming everything: First, Gillian had filmed from behind her when she was fingering Marianne's labia to move her pee stream; and now she was too concentrated on Gillian's pee, wetting Marianne's upper body, to see the cam Laura had moved from directly behind Gillian to her side, filming at a small angle. Thus, she captured less Gillian's direct crotch, where the pee came from, as more the stream and where it hit. And this included a full view of Isabelle's pussy, as it was moving so close above Marianne's face. Laura was terribly turned on seeing her partner pee all over the young girl and Isabelle rubbing herself softly on Marianne's nose. She rocked herself harder and harder against Marianne's pubic mound and finally experienced an intense orgasm.
They must have been playing like this for twenty minutes, including the pauses between her and Gillian peeing, the shifts of position etc., Laura thought. And she was getting anxious to see Isabelle peeing. She couldn't believe the girl was still holding on. She must be bursting! Now she wondered: What would Isabelle do? She decided not to give her any indication what to do. She just wanted to see, what Isabelle was up to. She had well noticed the young girl's excitement. She had noticed it always increased the higher their pee streams hit Marianne's body. What would her wicked fantasy make her do? Would she be too embarrassed to let flow? Maybe, she would wait until she had an accident? Or would she take full advantage of the situation?
When Gillian finally shot her last jet of light golden pee, Isabelle was shaking all over her body. She was absolutely excited and also needed to pee really urgently. She wasn't even sure, if there hadn't been one or two instances, when some pee had escaped her own most treasured parts. She didn't care. She looked down and saw Marianne's face buried under her. Sometimes, when she was moving back, she could see Marianne's nose appearing between her lips. Yes, it was wet – but then, it was not only pee, what moistened her labia. Just as she was rocking back again, she felt a little spurt escape herself. It must have hit the root of Marianne's nose, since she could not see any of it appearing around the mouth. "What would Marianne feel?" she wondered as a new stream of excitement made her shiver.
Gillian was now trying to get closer to Marianne's body, too, to rub herself against her big breasts and apprehensively looked at Isabelle. Isabelle understood: it was her turn to go. And it was absolutely the last moment! She hadn't peed for maybe six hours now, and although she drank little, it was quite a long time to hold on.
She wanted to get closer to Marianne's face before peeing. She wanted to feel her skin. She wanted to feel where her pee went. And she wanted to intensify the feeling she had enjoyed, rubbing herself along the girl's nose. But in her current position she just couldn't get closer. She didn't want to lean forward, because she wanted to see Marianne's face. She remembered how Laura had peed standing up against Marianne's face. Considering this, she decided to turn round. Then, she would be able to push the place, where her slit began, against Marianne's nose. This would be a perfect stimulation. And at the same time her labia would be stroking along Marianne's mouth and chin, feeling the soft skin of her lips. She got up and turned round, only to kneel down again. She had seen Marianne's closed eyes for a moment, covered with pee.
But before she sat down again, Marianne had turned her head once left, once right to let the pee flow down the sides and then opened her eyes again. She saw Isabelle approaching, the girl that meant so much to her. Would she be satisfied with her behavior? She still didn't know if Isabelle liked to do what was going on, or if it was peer pressure that made her do it. She did not know enough yet to notice the telltale juice that was moistening the girl's labia – and her nose. Isabelle was currently adjusting herself, moving ever closer, now touching Marianne's chin with her vulva. She moved a bit forward and Marianne opened her mouth. Marianne didn't know why. She just thought it always had been like that. Like the last time, when Gillian and Laura had sat on her face and peed little by little into her mouth. It hadn't been that bad, she thought. The pee had tasted like water with a little special something, but nothing more.
So now again she opened her lips to let Isabelle pee into her mouth if she wanted to. She was ready to do again what she had done before. She would fulfil Isabelle's wishes; she wanted to become her friend.
Even Gillian was astonished when she saw Marianne opening her mouth. Gillian had tried to get as low as possible, moving her ass back until she touched Laura and bending forward, almost lying on Marianne. She felt her small, firm breasts poking into Marianne's softer, big breasts and enjoyed the feeling. Her face was close to Isabelle's butt and she could see from the chin movement that Marianne had opened her mouth when Isabelle moved forward. It really turned her on to know: Marianne would still obey Laura's order even though it had never been repeated. Her labia were rubbing Marianne's belly and she was curious how Isabelle would continue. Would she be patient enough? Could she hold it long enough to really just pee in Marianne's mouth? Would she expect her to drink it? Would she continue to pee in her mouth once she realized Marianne would drink it? Or would she just pee with all her might and flood the poor girl's face?
Isabelle hadn't been thinking anything special. She just wanted to pee now, and she didn't want to miss the feeling of her labia being pressed into Marianne's face. She was very excited that she should pee on someone, it didn't really matter to her exactly just how she would do it. And then, when she adjusted herself, she had felt how Marianne's mouth opened. At first she thought, Marianne was going to bite her. She lifted herself a bit up to avoid it, but nothing happened. She looked into Marianne's eyes. She was looking at her, but there was no horror or disgust in her face– just a plea to like her. And suddenly she felt a hot wave running through her body. What, if she peed into this girl's mouth? What, if she let her drink a bit of her pee? The idea struck her like thunder. She was electrified. Every part of her body wanted to feel that sensation. She prepared herself not to waste all her pee, to limit her first gush as much as she could. She moved back down onto Marianne's face, to feel her. And yes, the mouth was still open. She could feel Marianne's tongue striking her labia, because the girl had just been moistening her lips, which were getting dry from waiting, as it seemed. A shiver ran through Isabelle's body, it felt good to have Marianne's lips and tongue slipping over her labia! Then she felt a spasm and gave in to the urge to pee. She shot a small amount, but more than a few drops, into the girl's mouth before she could stop again. She moved away a bit, almost hitting Gillian in the face, to see what Marianne would do. She saw how Marianne opened her mouth again, her face neutral, her eyes still pledging for her friendship. This made her want to try again. She positioned herself and let go again. Just a bit. And moved back– this time a bit more. Just in time to see the movement of the girl's throat, swallowing her pee. This event sent a shiver through her spine. She moved her body over Marianne's mouth again, this time before it was opened another time. But as soon as she was getting in position, Marianne opened it. She felt excited; she didn't want this feeling to end!
Marianne was wondering, if Isabelle would insist on making her drink all of her pee. She had noted that this time it didn't taste neutral, but had quite an intense taste. And it was salty. She would have preferred not to drink more of it. But could she say anything? Wouldn't Isabelle and the ladies expect her to drink it? After all everything had began with her mistake. She had peed her pants and made Laura lose it, too. And now that Isabelle was there, could she refuse to let her pee on her after she had witnessed strangers do it?
No, she had to open her mouth again and wait and see! She opened her mouth and felt Isabelle's labia getting closer. She wanted to lick her lips before the labia touched them, so she thrust her tongue out. But just now, Isabelle had settled and her tongue swept them, too. Isabelle seemed pleased, she pushed harder against her nose. Marianne forgot to withdraw her tongue, being absorbed in watching Isabelle's facial expression. Suddenly she felt something between Isabelle's labia moving and a stream of liquid running down her tongue. Isabelle had filled her mouth with another load of fresh, concentrated pee. Marianne closed her mouth to swallow easier. And then had to push her head up, to be able to breath. Isabelle's vulva was blocking her mouth and nose. But she moved away a bit, when she realized Marianne needed to breathe.
It was so exciting; she almost didn't feel her need to pee anymore. And she was surprised to notice the girl opened her mouth again. Yes, she would make her drink all her pee. It simply felt so good; she didn't want it to be over. And she feared it would be over if she stopped peeing. Or what excuse would she have to continue sitting, rocking on Marianne's face? So again she released a small quantity of pee into the girl's mouth. Gillian and Laura watched in awe – they knew, pee didn't always taste equally neutral. And after what Isabelle had told them, her liquid must be quite concentrated. Both ladies where immensely turned on and kept rocking their lower bodies against Marianne's. Isabelle's vulva moved in on Marianne's mouth again, feeling her labia touch her lips and hoping her tongue would strike again. Gillian guessed what Isabelle was waiting for, when she didn't move all the way.
"Maybe you should guide Isabelle's labia with your tongue each time she gets close to you." she suggested Marianne, "Then she can aim easier without the fear of hurting you."
And Marianne did as she was told; licking Isabelle's labia while the girl was approaching her mouth. Actually, she didn't mind, since the labia didn't have much of a taste after such a long time rubbing on her face. Isabelle was pleased and again she peed a bit. She felt the wish to pee less each time, but her bladder was just too full. She almost flooded Marianne's mouth too much this time, before she could stop the flow. She didn't move far away any more, just so the girl could close her mouth to swallow and she would feel the movement pleasing her nerves. Again a beautifully measured stream of her concentrated pee was released to Marianne's mouth, and again, and again. She must have been doing it for a quarter of an hour, when she decided to have a closer look on Marianne's face and to move a bit further away this time. When she did that, she saw a look of relief.
Marianne hoped that Isabelle's bladder would finally be empty or that she would empty it in a different place now. But soon she realized her deception: Isabelle's crotch was moving closer again. She remembered Laura saying, Isabelle was going to pee in a way she had never peed before. Maybe that meant they had told Isabelle to release all her bladder contents into her mouth? Or maybe Isabelle just didn't know if she was allowed to pee in a different way? The intense taste of Isabelle's pee made her want it to stop – this was not like the first time, when she drank pee like water and the only disagreeable thing had been the fact, that she was doing something strange. This time, she thought, she might not have kept drinking it without complaint, if it hadn't been for the combination of circumstances. But could she disappoint Isabelle? Wouldn't she disappoint the ladies, too, if she begged to stop? No, she couldn't do that – she had drunk the ladies pee, she had accepted them to pee at her in whatever way they wanted, and now that Isabelle, whose friendship was so important to her, was the last one to go, she just couldn't say no. It just wouldn't have felt right. Hadn't she herself peed the vagabond's mattress without asking? Hadn't she even repeated this a little moment ago? What would he say if he found out? No, she just had to go on!
Isabelle's excitement was on a level she had never experienced before. She hadn't had an orgasm in her life, like many young girls. And now, she was constantly on the verge without knowing it. She was riding the big wave, and wasn't even aware of what was happening. This wasn't sex like you read about it, which means it couldn't be sexual arousal she felt – these were her thoughts. And since she didn't know where it came from, she had no better way to keep it up by continuing exactly like she had done before.
She looked into Marianne's face and felt her opening her mouth again as her vulva approached. She saw her look and thought it had changed. There was not only the pledge for liking her but also the pledge to stop, to relieve her, to be kind. But she felt too aroused to care. She would look again after the next mouthful. And again her bladder opened up, her sphincter relaxed, her urethra swelled and a gush of hot, intensely flavoured pee flowed from her labia into Marianne's mouth. She moved back to observe the girl swallowing her pee and wondered how she could drink so much pee. She wouldn't have thought Marianne would do it, but she was more than glad to accept it. She didn't want to question what she was doing. She enjoyed it way too much!
"This is really great!" she exclaimed and turned back a moment to see the ladies, observing the look in their faces. Instantly, she knew the ladies were amusing themselves like she was, and that they, too, wanted her to continue. "I've never felt like this before. I could do it forever!" And the two ladies smiled and wondered if Marianne was still feeling happy or why she didn't object. She could have said something now, since Isabelle wasn't touching her face whilst talking. And since she didn't say anything, they assumed everything was all right. They were only too happy to do so.
"I think, I like peeing like this better than anything else," continued Isabelle. "It feels like a volcano is burning inside you. And when I feel how Marianne is opening her mouth for me – I just can't describe it!"
These phrases made Marianne almost desperate. But if Isabelle liked it so much, could she deny her? Wasn't it her duty as a friend to please her? Didn't she have to accept a little discomfort if it made Isabelle feel good? And the other ladies reactions, their body movements had been such that she assumed they did enjoy being there and watching, too. She knew, everything was being taped, so she didn't want to spoil the movie, either. And obediently opened her mouth again as she saw Isabelle's crotch approaching. And felt the intense pee burning in her mouth as Isabelle filled it again.
"You show quite some endurance." Laura commented after another five minutes. "I would have guessed that you should have emptied your bladder soon."
"I wish I hadn't!" replied Isabelle. "But it was a very good idea, I gave in to you insisting I erase the pictures. This experience would never have happened hadn't I planned to pee the old vagabond's living room for a little distraction."
"So you enjoy peeing on someone?" Gillian asked.
"Oh yes! Thank you for suggesting that I stay and we pee together!" was the reply.
"At first, I didn't know how to handle you." admitted Laura, "And after you agreed to stay I wasn't sure if I could trust you. So I had planned to have you go first in your pants. But then I though you might feel that peeing in your pants is not as dangerous a secret as watching someone pee on someone else."
"I was quite surprised when you signalled Isabelle to sit on your side at first." Gillian remembered.
"Yeah, I wasn't sure yet, how to arrange things. But after I sat on Marianne's lap and you had prepared to sit down in front of me like I desired it, I feared there was no place left for Isabelle." Laura explained. "So I had her sit by my side and watch what I was doing. Well, and to have her close, so she wouldn't run away."
"Well, but I almost peed my pants waiting!" Isabelle objected.
"Well, but then you undressed and moved up front. I wouldn't have asked you to sit on Marianne's face, it seemed too extreme to me. But I just didn't want to give up my place for you." Laura continued. "And seeing you kneel over Marianne's face really turned me on. How you were sitting down on her face to watch Gillian pee Marianne's chest... Actually, how did you get the idea to pee in Marianne's mouth?"
"I don't know. It just kind of happened. I sat on her face when Gillian signalled me to come close. I somehow felt I would want to be really close when Gillian was peeing. And when I felt my body touch Marianne's face, a shudder ran through my spine. After Gillian had finished, I was changing my position to be closer to Marianne. I just couldn't miss the wonderful feeling. And when I moved closer to her mouth, I noticed she opened it. First, I was a bit surprised. But then it struck me that I would not only pee on someone but pee into someone's mouth. And I hesitantly let go some of my pee, because I didn't want to waste it before watching her reaction."
"I was positively surprised, too, when Marianne opened her mouth as you moved over her." said Gillian, "I hadn't expected that. And when you seized the chance to fill it with your pee – it just felt incredible!"
"How did you react as you noticed Marianne was swallowing your pee?" inquired Laura.
"At first, I was surprised – then I wanted to try again. And tried a third time, too. I saw her look, sending a signal. It was pledging for my friendship, saying she would let me do it. I liked the look, it felt right to pee in her mouth. And it felt so good, I just had to go on. Then I felt her tongue licking my labia and decided I was going to give her every drop from my bladder. It was such an incredible feeling..." Isabelle responded. "I really should try that with my best friend when she visits me next weekend!"
Marianne thought, "It has all been my fault. She only did it because she thought I wanted it."
She was too kind a human being to give a different meaning to Isabelle's sentence. "And now she is planning to do it with her friend – will she let her do it?"
The same question arose in women's minds: "Don't you think, she might not like it?" Laura asked.
"Why, it is a lot of fun!" Isabelle wondered, "We will come here and sit down like this, then I will show her how I did it today and then I will let her try it, too."
"So your friend is going to pee in your mouth?" asked Gillian, wondering.
"No! Why, Marianne will be coming, too. Then we can do it like today, only that we are just three!" Isabelle specified.
At this point of the conversation, Marianne was terrified. She hadn't objected to the ladies peeing on her and making her drink her pee, because she was ashamed of what had happened to her. And then she had let Isabelle pee into her mouth for what seemed like an eternity, because she felt she couldn't draw back. And now, only after finding out she wouldn't have had to drink Isabelle's pee at all, had not she herself unconsciously invited her to do it, she had to hear that the girl she liked so much wanted to meet her next week to repeat the experience. Was she going to agree to that? But if not, wouldn't she lose her newly won friendship? And Jacqueline? If she wanted to be friends with Isabelle, she would have to get along well with Jacqueline. How would it be with Jacqueline? What would she think? Maybe she wouldn't want to do it? Maybe it won't be as bad next time?
"How can you be sure, Marianne is going to come?" asked Gillian curiously.
"We are friends now, aren't we? She always wanted to be my friend. And now, today, she has reached her goal. How could she not want to? By the way, we are sharing a big secret today, aren't we? And friends who have a common secret are bound to stick together." Isabelle was convinced.
Another gush of hot, stinging, concentrated pee flooded Marianne's mouth. She looked up and saw Isabelle's look. She wasn't quite able to make something out of it. Isabelle was looking at her with some mixture of pride and pity, of pleasure and incredulity. Looking directly in Marianne's eyes, she released another small quantity of golden fluid into the pitiful girl's mouth. She enjoyed seeing Marianne drinking her pee even though the girl apparently didn't really like it. She enjoyed the fact that she could do what she pleased. That Marianne would submit to pleasing her again and again like she did today. Her look clearly expressed that. This girl's friendship would guarantee her a lot of fun! She was sure that Jacqueline would enjoy it, too. She would know that Marianne was no threat to her position. She would understand Marianne's looks as well as she had understood them. They would meet with Marianne, making her a willing tool to please them – she didn't seem to mind a lot. She couldn't wait to introduce Jacqueline to these pleasures the two ladies had introduced her to today!
And again she released a jet of pee into Marianne's mouth. She felt her bladder was getting empty. And regretted it. But there would be another day. She asked Marianne: "You like me to do this, don't you?" looking at her with a hidden fire in her eyes. Excitement was sparkling out of them. Lust to uninhibitedly enjoy her newly discovered bodily pleasures.
Could she admit she'd not liked it? Marianne thought. She saw Isabelle's face and something was telling her, no, she couldn't say it. She would have to pretend she had enjoyed it; she was enjoying it, if she wouldn't want to lose Isabelle's friendship. And she didn't want to lose it; she had only won it today!
Laura saw how Gillian released another stream of pee on Marianne's belly. It had been quite a while that they had been watching Isabelle's actions and she, too, felt some pee in her bladder. She directed her stream and sent it onto the girl's clitoris, just as she saw how Isabelle released another, long stream of pee into Marianne's mouth. It made her come, how the young girl humiliated her new friend, using her desire for friendship for her own pleasure. She had seen the pleading look on Marianne's face, too, and was amazed that she didn't ever object to what Isabelle was doing. She was sure that Marianne wouldn't have accepted them doing what Isabelle did – and was glad to have invited her to join. Would she ever have enjoyed the day as much, had she missed the opportunity?
One day, a parcel containing a DVD and an explanatory letter arrived at my house. The girl from the Internet must have found out my address since I identified the beautiful region that served as a background to their adventures, which I related in this story. I have no clue how it continued – I never came back to France.
Disclaimer: All characters are purely fictitious; similarities to real human beings are not intended. Any similarity is to be regarded as accidental and done without the knowledge of the author.
(c) By: Alpian