Lunambra3-6

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Six - Rest

Marina was sore all over. The sun had set some time ago, but Baeden rode on without a thought. It had been ten hours since they stopped for Marina's relief. Baeden was used to riding for hours and hours at a time, but she was not. She had never even been on a horse before. Her bottom throbbed, her womanhood felt bruised, and her back twinged every few seconds. Beyond this, she was very desperate for a pee again. Her bladder pressed into Baeden's back as she was holding him so tightly, in fear of tumbling off the horse in her exhaustion. It was six hours ago that they stopped at a river's edge and drank their fill, not having any skins to carry water with. She was hungry, too. They had brought no food, no heavier clothes, no maps. All she had was the robe, light dress, and faith that Baeden knew where he was going, and could get them there before they starved. Luckily, he said that the river flowed all the way to Great Oak, so hydration would be no issue.

She raised an arm up and patted Baeden's chest. "When can we rest?" she asked. "Gaston cannot track us in the dark, and there is no moon tonight. How you've kept this horse on the road in this darkness, I'll never know."

"The horse follows the road of his own volition," Baeden said. "He's a well-trained animal. You are right though, I could have turned off of this path at any time, and Gaston will not keep chase unless he sees the tracks with his own eyes. If only it would rain. I know not how far behind us he is, but he has set up camp for the night, as any professional tracker would. If you wish me to stop, I will."

"Yes, please," Marina whispered in his ear. He shivered and pulled on the reins, and the horse came to a slow stop. Baeden dismounted gracefully, but hit the ground with a groan. "Are you alright?" she asked.

"Yeah...just really full of water."

"Oh, me too," Marina added. "I've been holding it for hours." Baeden reached up and helped her blindly slide off the horse, and he guided her into the trees. It took fifteen minutes of feeling and stomping until they found a patch of soft grass comfortable enough to spend the night. The river was a couple meters away from them, the sound of the water making their desperation even worse.

"This will do," Baeden said. "It's been a long time since I've slept in the open air. I'd be lying if I said there wasn't something charming about it. Oh bloody hell, I've really got to piss..."

"My Prince," Marina said quietly. "I know you are under a lot of stress, with leaving your home and with the General after us. I understand if you just want to relieve yourself and try to sleep. But I want you to know that if you want to finish what we started this morning, I'm completely willing. I want to celebrate our freedom."

Baeden closed his eyes, though the action made little difference in the pitch-black night. Had it really been that very morning that they had made their escape from Lunambra? It felt like a week had passed. But it was his first night after abandoning his Kingdom. His future as a ruler. Baeden spat on the ground. I don't want that future. I never did. This woman is my future. Marina gasped as Baeden suddenly grabbed her and hugged her tightly. He hadn't held her like this in a long time, this grasp that was beyond simple passion. It was a hold of pure love, and she felt tears well in her eyes. He kissed her then, and she felt him lowering her into the grass and settling down next to her in a tight embrace. Their feet aimed at the river, their legs intertwined. "I love you, Marina. You're right, I am stressed under all of this. But you are all I care about now. Let's have our celebration."

"What do you want to do?" she asked him, her voice soft and sexual.

She felt him reach across her body, fumbling with the silk belt that held her robe together. She reached over and did the same for him, and soon the robes were folded over tree branches a few feet away from them. Marina was still in her underdress, and Baeden was in his thin velvet shirt and pants. She ran her fingers over the soft material, and felt him shiver as she reached his hard belly. She gave it a couple of small jabs, and then she felt him grab her hand. He navigated it to his manhood which was pressed forcefully against the velvet pants, and she felt its shape through the fabric. She stroked it as she felt his hand on her own privates, pulling her dress out of the way and settling against her lower hair. His middle finger tickled her in just the right spot, and she began breathing heavily as they stroked each other.

This went on for some time, and she was nearly about to get off when there was a sudden jolt in her bladder and she sent a spurt against Baeden's hands. He laughed softly and rolled to his side, pressing his face into Marina's neck and kissing her gently. She felt two of his fingers slide into her now, stroking in a continuous movement against the soft insides of her womanhood. She gripped him hard through his pants, and he grunted in desperation as she found his drawstring and tore it open. He shifted so his organ slid out of captivity and she could hold it properly. She loved the way it moved in her hand, pulsing along with his deep breaths.

"Wait a moment," Marina said suddenly. "I've just realized something. After all the time we've been together, I've never seen you wet yourself. You've had me do it dozens of times, but you always go freely in the end, no matter how full you are." Without another word, she forced his manhood back into his velvet pants and tied the knot tightly. "You're going to stay just like that until you lose control."

"In that case," Baeden said, reaching over to grasp her arms. "You're going to stay here." With a powerful pull, he rolled her on top of him, letting her settle in a mount over his legs. "If you pee on me first, you won't be able to feel me doing it. You certainly won't see it, since it's so dark. So you have to hold it longer than I do."

Marina wasn't prepared for this. Her flower was clamped shut with all her strength, and she could feel the weight of her bladder pressing down on it. From the other end, she could feel Baeden's stiffness pressing against her through his pants. She knew that men could hold it easier when they were aroused, so she would just have to apply enough pressure. She steadied herself by placing both hands along Baeden's rock-hard bladder, and she began to grind against him in a rhythmic motion. It didn't take Marina long to start regretting everything. She knew she was on the verge of leaking, and she knew how good Baeden was at holding. She leaned forwards, putting more weight on his belly. She felt his knees rise behind her, squeezing together and pressing into her back.

They were both going to burst at any time now, and they both knew it. They had turned it into a contest, something they had done many times, but they had quit trying after Baeden defeated Marina enough consecutive times that it was beginning to depress her. Now, however, she could feel his legs shaking desperately behind her back. She could feel the hardness of his bladder under her hands, she could smell the sweat on him, she could hear his uneven, sharp breathing. She gasped as Baeden shifted, forcing her to roll off of his stomach. He lowered her to the grass beside him and hugged her tightly, then she felt his hand on her own, bringing it between his legs.

"I'm proud of you, Marina," he whispered to her. "You've really beaten me. I just cannot hold it another second..." Her hand met velvet just as the wetness touched it, and the loud hissing met her ears. She opened her mouth slightly in fascination, grasping around his manhood as he wet himself completely. She felt it spreading down his hips and thighs, pouring into the grass underneath him. He moaned his relief into her ear, and she closed her eyes and shivered as she felt her privates throb with lust.

He pushed gently on her shoulder, rolling her onto her back. She opened her legs, expecting him to undo his pants and enter her as he still relieved himself. However, she gasped in surprise as she felt him climb on top of her, straddling her over her waist. His flow fell over her body, soaking her dress and the ground beneath her. She groaned in pleasure and desperation as she thrust her hips up, his pee pouring down her body and pooling between her breasts. She grasped them and pulled them apart under the tight chestline of the underdress, letting the liquid slide down past her neck.

Baeden stopped his flow, and she thought he was finished. However, in the darkness, she couldn't see Baeden lean back. She had no warning whatsoever before her bottom was pushed into the grass by Baeden's whole weight sitting down on her bladder. "NO! NO, NO, NOOO!" she laugh-screamed, slapping at whatever parts of Baeden she could reach. It was an involuntary reaction to the sudden and massive increase in pressure, and it was a brand new sensation to her when the contents of her bladder exploded out of her under his weight.

She had wet herself before, yes. But never was it forced out of her under such great pressure. She gasped and fell back, her mouth hanging open, great clumps of grass gripped in her hands. Her whole private region was on fire, in such a good way. She could feel it pumping out of her with such power, and she could hear it splattering into the river - a meter and a half away from her. She reached around Baeden, pressing a hand tightly against herself. Her pee sprayed upwards, flowing against her clit and running over her belly and along Baeden's thighs.

She lurched and moaned her pleasure as she came from that single touch alone, and then she felt Baeden fumbling with his drawstring while he still sat on her. Soon, his manhood was out and held over her, and he took his weight off her bladder as he climbed down between her legs. Her stream immediately slowed to normal, and she felt Baeden pressing his organ against her slit as she sprayed her pee all over it. A second later he was inside of her, holding her legs tightly and powerfully thrusting into her. With each time he entered her, she felt her pee surge out with greater force. She was stunned and smiling stupidly to the dark sky, thinking of nothing else but this minute, this second, as she felt him start peeing again. Inside of her.

"Oooohhhhhhhh," she groaned, helpless against the pleasure as she got off a second time, before he finally collapsed beside her.

"Finish it," Baeden begged. "I don't know how I've held off this long." Despite her exhaustion, she was happy to oblige him. She rolled over, taking his manhood in her right hand and placing her soft lips around the tip. She gave it the gentlest lick, and with two quick pumps of her hand, he went stiff as the slick liquid surged into her mouth. She swallowed it without hesitation, and continued sucking on him until it finally went limp. Five minutes later, she fell asleep with it still in her hand.

