Lunambra 2-1

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter One - Garden

"I truly do not know if I can contain it any longer, my Prince," Marina moaned as she lay naked and spread-eagle on the massive bed.

"I know you can," Baeden assured her. "You've only had eight goblets and it's been less than two hours. The first time I saw you soak yourself you had waited all night and half a day. Your belly is still soft. You can wait a lot longer, I am sure of it."

Marina twisted her legs together and held onto Baeden's left arm, her face nuzzled into his shoulder. "That time, I believed my life and home depended on staying dry. Like this, at peace, it's so much harder to hold it in." She slowly slid her right hand down her chest, over her belly, and between her legs. "I feel like I'm going to leak any time now."

Baeden smiled at the young, beautiful redhead. "Would you be willing to make this more interesting? I will put you in a dress and veil, and we will go on a stroll through the castle gardens. My mother is with the riding trainer. Any civilians or noblemen who see us will simply believe that you are a Princess I am courting. That is, unless you wet your skirts in front of them."

Marina blushed nearly as red as her own hair, squeezing Baeden's arm tighter. "Why do you want me to humiliate myself like that? I know you love it when I hold my waters for you, but here, alone..."

"I want to see you like you were the first time we made love, Marina. You were at your very limits, reddened, sweating, your belly was rock-hard. It was the most fascinating thing I've ever seen. You are beautiful as you are now, but I want more than anything to see that desperation again. I do not want you to lose control outside, I want you to hold on until we get back in here."

Marina grasped Baeden's hand and moved it between her legs, letting him feel her moist, warm lips. He gently stroked her, and she shivered, pressing his arm against her breasts. "If you want to see me like that again, I will do as you ask. Just understand that I am already very full, and I will not be able to stay out for too long," she whispered. Baeden nodded and rolled to his side, standing straight. Marina smiled at his manhood which stood like a flagpole, leaning over and giving it a quick rub. He swatted her hand away, grinning.

"Save it for when we get back. Now what should you wear..." He opened his closet, which he had recently made home to numerous dresses and skirts he picked out specifically for Marina. He shuffled through them, eventually removing a light blue half-dress and white silk underskirts. She nodded approvingly at his choice, and stood up from the soft bed. Baeden stared at her, her small but perfect breasts sitting on her thin chest, her legs squeezed together with a slight bend, one hand pressed between them.

Baeden stepped up to her, and kissed her chest and shoulders. "These first," he whispered to her, laying the underskirts on the ground in front of her. She gingerly stepped into them, and Baeden slid them up her slender legs until they rested on her hip. She bounced on the balls of her feet, causing the skirts to floof about cutely. Next, Baeden pulled the light blue dress over her head, and she slid her arms through the silk sleeves. The dress fell across her body and settled around the skirts, and then, to Marina's horror, Baeden held up a lacy blue and white corset.

"I can't wear that," Marina gasped. "I'll pee myself immediately."

"But no Princess would be seen outside without one. You must keep our cover," Baeden said slyly.

"I simply won't be able to make it outside the castle if you put that on me. If you want me to wet a hallway, go ahead."

Baeden sighed. "Very well. I will tie it around your chest, but leave it loose on your belly." Marina nodded, and wrapped her arms around Baeden's neck as he tied the corset on her. As promised, he left the laces loose around her stomach, and she could still reach between her legs. "Are you ready?"

"Yes, my Prince. I am actually feeling excited by this."

"I hoped you would be. Follow me." Baeden led her out of his chambers and through the halls of the castle. Down the stairs of the entrance hall and outside through the back gate, Marina saw the massive garden that spanned out in front of them. Empty, isolated, and in full bloom, she smiled and held on to Baeden's hand. Before they entered the garden, Baeden led her to a stone fountain, from which a thin stream of clean water flowed from the mouth of a stone fish. "Drink, Marina. I fear what you have already had will not be enough to fill you further."

Marina blushed again, but obeyed. She drank the sparkling fresh water, gulping down sip after sip until Baeden placed his hand on her shoulder. She was extremely embarrassed, red-faced and grimacing, all while holding a look of adventurous excitement in her eyes. "I cannot believe we are doing this. Anyone could see. I have to pee so badly, I can't hold my legs still anymore..."

Baeden stood and helped Marina to her feet. "We are alone here. It is not a harvesting day, and nobody will come until the gardener this afternoon. We have all day."

"I will be lucky to make it all hour, my Prince. You say my belly is soft, but if that is true, it is because I must be getting fat. I am truly desperate."

Baeden laughed at this. "You are absolutely not getting fat, Marina. You will see today, how much more you can hold. It has been a long time since we first did this."

And so they walked into the green garden, Baeden leading the way through the tall hedges and patches of growing vegetables. Marina hobbled behind, stopping to hold herself every few seconds. Baden soon stopped and turned to her. "Stop that. Imagine that we are walking with another Kingdom's royal family. You are full to bursting, but you cannot let it show. You are a princess, you will hold on as long as you need to." Marina removed her hand from her womanhood and stood straight, her legs together and her hands pressed to her sides. "Better," Baeden said, and continued his walk.

For nearly an hour they circled the massive garden, and eventually Marina could just not walk properly anymore. She stopped and leaned forward, her hands shooting to her belly. Baeden turned to her and watched as she bent her knees and bounced her bottom, her red hair swaying with her movements. Baeden walked to her and grabbed her hand, and began to pull her along. She gasped and moaned, holding herself with her free hand the whole way. Finally they came to a stone bench in the center of the greenery. Marina made straight for it, sitting down and crossing her legs tightly, gasping out loud and staring into the sky.

"You really do look full," Baeden whispered to her. Here, let me..." He sat down next to Marina, staring into her eyes and gently lifting her veil over her head. He wrapped his arm around her side, pulling her onto his lap. She moaned and clenched her legs on either side of his own, pressing herself into him. He slowly slid his arm around her, feeling the front of the corset and pushing in gently. She grasped his arm tightly, hissing in protest, but he kept pushing on her belly, kneading it and pressing it. It was solid and tight now.

Not only was Marina desperate for relief, but she was beginning to get increasingly excited. She forced Baeden's hand away, and stood and turned, replacing herself on his lap, but facing him. She held his head in her hands and kissed him, thrusting herself into his leg and putting all her weight on it. "I feel like I am going to start leaking any second, my Prince. I will not make it back to your chambers, and I fear if I tried, I would fail while on the castle stairs."

Baeden stayed silent, but grasped the front of her dress and gently lifted it up, along with the three underskirts. He held her right leg and pushed it gently, and she responded by lifting it over his other leg so she fully straddled him. Her bright red lower hair glowed in the sunlight, glistening with either her urine or sex. Baeden looked around, staring at the castle walls, and at the garden around them. They were completely concealed from any windows or balconies, and the garden was silent as the grave. Baeden gave in to himself, grasping for the drawstring on his breeches. Marina helped him, and soon they were past his knees. Baeden got to work on her corset, unlacing it all the way up so her breasts fell loose in her dress. He pulled the light fabric down over her shoulders, exposing them both, and he began to suck gently on her right nipple.

"Oh, my Prince, I am...mmm." Baeden felt a sudden spurt of wetness strike his manhood, and looked down at her. A very slow, light leak was escaping the small girl's body, her flower quivering desperately and her legs tightly squeezing his own.

"Hold it in, Marina. Just kiss me now, and do not let any more escape you."

"You ask the impossible..." she whispered. Baeden held her waist and pressed down, lowering her onto his member. He penetrated her easily, and he used his legs to move her up and down on top of him. She was holding his neck nearly tight enough to strangle him, but he kept his head in her chest and his hands on her hips. They found a rhythm, with Baeden thrusting his legs up and down and Marina gyrating on top of him. Soon, Marina began whimpering desperately into his ear, and with each thrust he could feel her leaking more of her golden liquids. They continued for five minutes, and soon Baeden could not control himself any longer. He pushed Marina off of him, and he came with a powerful moan, shooting his seed into the bush behind her. Marina collapsed on the bench beside him, stroking herself with her own hands, moaning and thrusting, until her whole body began to shake. Then she stood and froze, arms squeezed to her sides in a manner that made her breasts protrude wondrously.

"I can't...it's coming now..." Baeden leaned back and watched as the soft hissing noise made itself heard from underneath her dress. A small line of liquid began trickling from beneath her skirts, snaking downhill into the nearest patch of dirt. Baeden stood too, and pressed her dress between her legs as she relieved herself. The fabric was soaked through instantly, pouring over his hand and onto the stone floor. Marina's blushing had somehow surpassed the color of her hair and moved on to a beet or a cherry, and she moved her hips back and forth as he pressed his hand into her.

"I cannot believe what you turned me into," she said to him. "I should feel horrific, mortified, but why? I love the way this feels. I know you love this too. It just feels natural, more than anything."

"If it feels natural to you, then it is natural. Everyone is a part of this Earth, there is no such thing as unnatural, the way I see it," Baeden whispered to her, still running his hands under her lasting stream. Finally the waterfall ceased, and she released her dress. The entire front of it was soaked, and Baeden could not describe how beautiful she looked if he were the best poet in the Kingdom. "Obviously you cannot go back to the castle like this. Follow me."

Marina followed Baeden further into the garden, always glancing around for any sign of another person, but their solitude was total. They soon made it to the center of the garden, where a large fountain flowed fifteen feet in the air. Baeden wrapped his arms around Marina's shoulders and walked her along, kissing her the whole way. "I am truly sorry," Baeden whispered, as they reached edge of the fountain.

"For wha-AAAH!" Baeden shoved Marina backwards and she toppled over the stone, splashing into the cold water. She thrashed about, shrieking, and Baeden stood back as she climbed out of the fountain and sprawled out on the stone walkway. "Oh, you bastard," Marina cried, glaring up at Baeden, who was grinning down at her.

"I had to do it, Marina. Nobody can tell you wet yourself if, well, all of yourself is wet. Come on, we'll cut through the grass and get you in a warm bath and dry clothes." Marina got unsteadily to her feet and followed Baeden back through the garden. As they approached the staircase into the castle, a short guard jogged out to greet them.

"What happened, are you alright, my Lady?" he asked, looking over the drenched girl.

"Aye," Baeden spoke for her. "She had a bit too much wine this morning and got a little tipsy by the fountain. Keep your post, I will handle things." The guard saluted Baeden and walked back to the corner of the garden. The two of them quickly ascended the steps and made for Baeden's chambers, locking the door behind them.

