The Freshman Squats
	A girl finds her love for pee and humiliation.
Author: Nerdick

Shirley, a young woman in her late 18, walked timidly across the corridor checking the name boards. She stopped when it read 1A. She was told this is where her first class would happen. She entered with her head down and holding few notebooks against her breasts. Despite her disagreement, she was admitted into a new college in the town just because her father didn't want to spend huge tution fee on her and this college happened to be the cheapest. She had already missed a month of classes, owing to her fight with her dad.

As she entered she scanned for empty seats among the noisy students. She made her way across the hustling students to sit in the last before row. There was one other girl sitting beside her. She had her earphones on and was watching something with a slight smile on her face. Neither made efforts to introduce themselves.

Her eyes followed the girl. She couldn't believe her own eyes. The girl stood beside the bushes and lifted her skirt with both her hands revealing her thighs. She then pulled her panties down to her knees and squat right there. Shirley could her see her butt crack vividly. And then she saw the glistening stream hitting the ground from between her legs. Looking at the pee, her own urge grew worse. But she was goddamn sure she wouldn't pee out in the open like that. After a while. the girl stood up, pulled up her panties, adjusted her skirt and walked into the class.

Shirley was still in disbelief. She wanted to ask the girl why she peed in the bushes and not in the restroom as no sensible reason came to her mind. Curiosity took over and she asked.

"Oh there are no restrooms in the college yet. They are still being built," the girl replied.

Unable to hold it in anymore she decided that she'd go in, pee fast and flee before anyone could walk by that side. The bushes were pretty tall. So she thought if she used the other side no one would be able to see. She thanked her own sudden brilliance and got to her business.

The feeling of blowing wind against her inner thighs was new. She closed her eyes to ease herself and let it out. Few seconds later, the strong stream of pee came trickling down and ended. The mud readily soaked the pool forming below her. Just as she was about to stand and leave, she heard someone coming her way. She was too embarrassed to stand and pull up her panties in front of someone. She decided she'd wait for them to leave.

She couldn't hear any more sound. Just as she decided to stand up she heard a zipper. A second later she felt something wet splashing on her face. She was unmoved by that. She could see a semi hard cock held by a hand and peeing. Her hand moved to between her legs unconsciously. She started pleasuring herself, despite being in the public. She let out quiet moans. She wanted him to hear her.

"Come closer I'll shag you," said her voice from the bushes. Being already startled from the moans, the guy obeyed. She reached out her hand into the bushes and felt his cock. She grabbed it and pulled him closer. She then continued to stroke his cock within the bush while simultaneously pleasing her.

After a few strokes he came in her hand. He managed to stay calm in order to avoid any attraction from distant bypassers. He put his cock back in his pants and pulled up the zipper. Shirley took her hand back, she could feel the stickiness and warmth of his cum. The guy didn't leave as he wanted to watch every bit of her action. She rubbed her pussy harder on smelling her hand.

"Stay back after class and drink a lot of water," he said before leaving. She was puzzled but excited. She then stood up, fixed her dress and left. She cleaned her pee smeared face with a towel and rightfully acknowledged her pee fetish now.

She eagerly awaited the classes to end.

###

After almost everyone left the class, he came in and locked the doors. She stood smiling at her place.

"Go stand on the teacher's table," he said. She obeyed. He took a seat in front of her.

He unzipped and took out his cock, which was semi hard. He started stroking it slowly looking at the curves of the new sub he just got. He wanted to humiliate, she wanted to be humiliated.

"Show me your breasts," he demanded this time. She promptly unbuttoned her shirt halfway and popped her breasts out of her bra. She had dark but beautiful nipples. And her breasts were big enough that they wouldn't fit it one hand.

"Suck your nipples," he said next. She took her right breast in her hand and circled her nipples with her tongue, while locking eyes with him.

"Pee now," he demanded and continued to stroke his cock very slowly. Although her bladder was full she took some time to let it out. Seconds later he could watch a wet stream flowing from her thighs to her knees and finally touched her shoes. She loved how he paced up his stroking on seeing her pee.

"Stop. Remove your panties, let it hang in one of your legs. The lift your skirt, squat and continue peeing." his desires were put in front of her. And as a obedient sub she carried out her tasks perfectly. Her hairy pink pussy was in display for him as she pulled her panties down. She lifted one of her legs and squat with skirt held up. The pee soaked panties hung from her ankle.

"You look hot," he said. The stream of pee came out in force and hit the table and splattered. The pool grew and started pouring off the table.

With new sexual rage he stood up and went to her. Pulled her towards him, made her lay on the table soaking both of them in the process. He the filled her wet pussy with his throbbing cock and started thrusting hard. Echoes of her moans filled the hallways. All the foreplay caused both of them to climax faster.

"You are my pee slut, Shirley. You'll pee for me and fuck me whenever I ask for," he said breathing heavily. She took his fingers and sucked in her mouth and nodded like a pet.
