Title: The Chippendales Show
	Entry to: Month 26
By: Sebastian

There was great excitement in the industrial town of Denton when the news got out that the Chippendales were going to give a show. For one night only they were to appear at the largest local club "Love City". In a big firm of local solicitors most of the female staff were in a high state of anticipation as they discussed the news. "Denton hasn't had celebrities like this for years" said Barbara, a thirty-three year old secretary, "I am certainly going to go". "We should really be able to let our hair down" chipped in Denise the eighteen year old receptionist "Its going to be a ladies only night"

There were three more members of staff who were going as well, Ruth, who was aged 48 and a qualified assistant solicitor, Heather who was aged 25 and who was a legal executive in conveyancing, and last but not least Julie. She was now thirty-five and when she had been made a junior partner two years ago she was the youngest ever partner in the firm, and her long long legs and big green eyes always cheered up partners meetings.

The performance itself was due to start at 10pm but the girls decided that they would arrive at the club at 7.30, so as to be sure of a good view. When they arrived they found that everybody else had made the same decision and the club was filling up rapidly. A small stage had been erected on the dance floor and the rest of the space given over to tables and chairs. There was still one table unoccupied close to the stage, and Julie sat herself down at it straightaway to reserve it for them. Barbara bought the first round which was a pint of lager for herself, a pint of shandy for Julie, a Holsten Pils for Ruth, a large lemonade with orange for Heather who never touched alcohol, and a Bacardi and coke for Denise. The club was now virtually full and the bar staff found themselves besieged by orders and were working absolutely flat out to serve everyone. The club grew noisier and noisier as the booze took effect, and a palpable mood of sexual excitement took hold.

Paul, the bars manager, noticed that as the time wore on and the air of sexual tension became stronger, more and more of the drinks being sold were pints. Pints of lager, pints of bitter, pints of cider, pints of shandy, pints of all sorts which Paul had not expected considering that it was a ladies only night. Heather noticed that at one of the tables close to them there was a group of five women aged about forty who were making a tremendous amount of noise. They had all been drinking pints at a rapid rate, but what Heather was trying to make out was what nationality they might be. She could catch snatches of what they were saying but could not fit the words to any language she knew and concluded that they were probably Eastern European of some sort, perhaps Russian.

Now it was 10 o'clock and the manager came onto the stage. The steady traffic out to the ladies virtually stopped in anticipation of the celebrity act. "Good news" he said "I've got two male stripper acts for you today. To really get you in the mood for the Chippendales I've booked a group of talented local lads called the Denton Dreamboats. They will get you going first then straight after it will be THE CHIPPENDALES. Give these lads a big hand please." There was a half-hearted bout of clapping and then the local lads came on.


They were actually pretty good, being good looking boys who knew how to handle themselves. "The only crap thing about them is their name." Heather said to Denise who replied "They look really professional." The Dreamboats had now stripped off to show that some of them were very well endowed and then they left the stage, split up, and began to work the audience. Between them they visited all the tables and did all of the old routines like getting girls to grip a banana high up between their thighs and then pulling the banana out with their teeth. It all went down a treat and some of the girls who had been keeping a pair of knickers in their handbags to throw at the Chippendales took them out and threw them at the Dreamboats. At about 10.45 the boys returned to the stage, went through their farewell routine and went off to the left.

The Chippendales immediately appeared from the right and began their performance. It was apparent immediately that they were better by far than the support act. They were more muscular, more inventive, better co-ordinated and each one of them showed off a long , thick, meaty cock. "What I'd give to have one of those inside me" whispered Ruth to Heather. As Heather looked across to Ruth she noticed that both Barbara and Julie were sitting with legs tightly crossed. Her own bladder was protesting that it needed relief and she thought that Barbara and Julie must be in an even worse state than she was, but she was sure that all of them were absolutely determined not to miss a minute of the performance.

The Chippendales went on with their show which followed the same general pattern as the Dreamboats with the stage routine being followed by working the tables. As Heather looked round she could see that it was not just her friends who were showing increasing desperation, wherever she looked she could see legs ever more tightly crossed, acute fidgeting, and a few cases of women holding themselves under the tables. But nobody was going to leave the room now that the audience were at fever pitch and the Chippendales responding with all their best showstoppers.

They were being showered with pairs of knickers brought specially for the purpose and they were determined to give the girls a night they would remember for a very long time. Eventually they resumed the stage for their farewell number and as it was going on Heather took another look at Barbara and Julie and saw that they were showing even more acute signs of being in desperate need of a piss, but as her eye wandered round she could see everywhere the tell tale signs of absolute desperation.

Now the Chippendales had finished their finale wave after wave of generous applause came from the audience, but they could not know that very many of the girls had endured a sequence of ever increasing pain and pressure rather than miss a moment of their act and that Julie and Barbara were far from alone in coping with bladders that were more distended than they had ever been in their life before.

Now the great rush for the ladies began. Heather was just going into a cubicle when she was brushed aside by a funny little woman of about forty with orange hair so she went into the next one. .In just a few seconds Heather began her desperately needed relief and as usual the first few drops splashed down into the pan then her flow beat against the inside of the pan as it gathered strength and her familiar hissing sound began. But it was immediately drowned out by a much louder and more sibilant hiss coming from the cubicle the funny little woman was in.

This hiss amazed Heather by its noisiness and intensity, she was pissing a high pressure stream herself so it must be that the funny little woman's bladder must be forcing out piss like a fire pump for her to hiss like that. After a long time Heather finished and some fifteen seconds later the hiss next door died away as well. Heather was astonished, she had never heard such force ever before, and wondered just how many pints the funny little woman had had, and how she had been able to hold back such pressure without wetting herself. 

Meanwhile women continued to pour into the ladies room and Barbara had to go right to the far end of the row of toilets to find one empty. She was just closing the door when she saw that Ruth, who had been right behind her had suddenly realised that there were no more unoccupied cubicles, and her expression became one of absolute despair. Barbara opened her door again and called to Ruth "Quick. In here." Barbara had two motives for this, one was pity for Ruth and the other was a desire to show off her enormous bladder which up to now had been her secret pride and joy but now alcohol had overcome her natural reserve and shyness.

"You go first" said Barbara as Ruth squeezed in the cubicle as well, "I can see you're dying for it." 

"Thanks" said Ruth, already taking down her skimpy knickers, "I certainly am" and began to relieve her poor abused bladder in a gushing stream. It was difficult for Barbara to hold on now that Ruth had begun, but she had had plenty of practice. It all began twenty years ago when she was thirteen. Other girls might be prettier than her or have bigger boobs but none of them had got such a big bladder as she had.

Over the years she had further developed her capacity by holding on and holding on and by doing pelvic floor exercises until gradually she had built up the mammoth bladder that was her private treasure and delight. 

The other girls in the office called her "Old tea belly" because of the number of cups she drank in a day but what they did not know was that Barbara usually did not use the office loo at all but waited until she got home and only then did she empty her hugely distended bladder. Ruth's gusher began to lose its power and tailed off into a few final squirts and dribbles.

Ruth got up an said to Barbara "Your turn now." Barbara pulled down her own pair of slightly frumpy pale blue knickers, sat down, and started pissing in a strong steady stream that went on and on splashing into the lavatory pan. As her regular flow went incessantly on Ruth began to realise that this was no ordinary piss and said "You must have been desperate for this." Barbara replied that she certainly was, because she had drunk five pints of lager and this was her first visit to the ladies.

And still there was no sign of her even flow coming to an end, the unbroken stream just carried on splashing into the toilet as regularly as when it began. Only when the uniform cascade had been going for nearly three minutes was there any sign that it was losing strength, and then it did tail off to be followed by eight spurts of descending length as Barbara contracted her bladder muscles to get the last cupful out. Ruth was speechless at this display of urinary prowess, all she could find to say was "Wow. Oh I am jealous."

While all this had been going on there had been mayhem outside the cubicles. Far more women had come into the ladies than it could accommodate and there was a panic when Julie and Denise, and many more besides found that all the toilets were occupied and there was no way they could have the relief that they just could not wait another second for. 

"Lets use the cubicles in the Gents" cried Denise "It's a ladies only night so they will be empty" Denise led the rush out of the door and Julie was towards the back. As she got level with the row of wash basins Julie realised she had no time left, the last straw was the noise of splashing and hissing coming at her from every side; she just had to piss now. In a second she took down her expensive cream trousers and knickers, stood at a wash basin, and released a gushing torrent of clear silvery piss. She was surprised by the power with which it struck the wash basin so that drops ricocheted off in every direction. Julie was soon joined by two middle aged matrons who used two adjoining wash basins. One of them was quite short and had to stand on tiptoe to gain sufficient height. 

"That's the trouble with beer" the shorter one said "It tests your bladder to the limit" The three of them stood side by side sending identical rivers of piss streaming into the wash basins. It suited Julie's competitive nature to note that although she had started first, she was the last to finish by some ten seconds. 

At the same time as Julie was relieving herself all the women who had followed Denise's suggestion rushed into the Gents toilet. Here they found there were only six cubicles which were very quickly occupied, Denise just missing out on the last one. Denise looked round to find the unlucky ones moving over to the line of urinals which were made of a four foot high vertical stainless steel sheet with a stainless steel gully at the bottom some six inches wide and three inches deep.

She was just wondering what would happen now when a youngish girl with blonde hair lifted up her dress, took down her knickers, and sent a stream of piss cascading into the gully. Now all the remaining desperates were doing the same and Denise found herself amidst the five drunken foreigners from the next table. From some way away a voice said "Hold your labia apart and pull upward a bit. It will help keep your shoes clean."

Denise tried this and found that her stream of piss was now jetting against the upright and not splashing down any more. She looked from side to side and saw that all the foreign girls were sending great rivers of clear silvery piss gushing out and dwarfing her own narrow stream. The woman to Denise's left was projecting her torrent downwards into the gully where it bubbled and foamed as it splashed into the water already there. The gully was getting fuller and fuller as all the cascades of piss filled it at a far greater rate than it could drain out of the small drain hole at the end. Never before in the history of that urinal had so many litres of piss arrived in such a short time. The foreign women were talking to one another as their silvery torrents of piss steadily cascaded out and although Denise did not know the language the meaning was clear enough . "Oh how I bloody needed this" and Denise thought "And so say all of us"

