Lunambra 1-7

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 7- Wrath

Baeden gripped his sword tightly in both hands, but kept it lowered at his side. The bandits grinned smugly, and Marina cried softly from the corner of the hallway. The bandit who held her had slid his hand under her cuirass and was squeezing her right breast, his face buried in her neck. The leader raised his axe toward Baeden. "Drop the blade, kid. Yeh're outnumbered an' outmatched. Come quietly an' yeh'll be sold back to yor' kingdom unharmed along wit' yor' mother and this girl."

Baeden began to release his grip on the blade. He wasn't afraid of them, but he couldn't risk Marina along with him. As it was about to fall from his hands, he heard Marina shriek. He glanced over, and saw that the bandit now had his hand down her greaves, pressing into her womanhood. Suddenly the bandit shouted, pulling his hand free and violently shaking it. "This little cunt pissed on me' hand," he roared. Marina's face hardened, and she spun, quickly drawing the shortsword and driving it through his chin and out the back of his neck. The other bandits turned towards her, and Baeden solidified his grip.

Time seemed to move in slow motion as he charged forwards, slashing his sword upwards through the air, cleaving through one of the leather-clad bandits. He ducked and rolled under their leader's first swing, drawing his dagger and sticking it into the leader's leg. The man collapsed backwards, and Baeden lifted his left arm, deflecting a spear thrust from one of the other bandits. He pulled the spear forwards, slamming his sword hand into the bandit's face, and then slid his sword across the bandit's throat.

Marina stepped forwards as the remaining eight bandits turned their attention to Baeden, and drove her blade through one of their backs, and quickly spun to slash the shortsword across the neck of another. Baeden had taken out another three of them, but got caught with a kick, forcing the sword from his hand. He ducked a sweep of a mace, lunging upwards and grasping the handle of the large club, and kicked the man in his groin, forcing the weapon from his grip. Baeden swung it down, crushing his skull and turned to slam another bandit to the gut.

The remaining four looked on in horror and turned to run, but Baeden grabbed a sword from the floor, and ran down the two who were furthest back. He pulled his second dagger and hurled it through the air, driving it into the back of the last leather-clad man. Only the leader remained, but his heavy armor and wounded leg prevented him from getting far as Baeden drew the crossbow and buried the last bolt into the leader's spine, right in the gap between his helmet and cuirass.

Baeden stood catching his breath, and Marina fell backwards against a wall and cried into her arms. He walked and sat beside her, holding her tightly. "I'm not going to ask you if you're alright. You're a warrior now, Marina. You've done what some men three times your size would be incapable of. I know you may need time to recover, and I'm sorry but there is none. We have to find my mother and return to Lunambra before night falls." He pulled her to her feet, and she quietly followed behind him, her head down.

"That was number thirteen," Baeden said quietly. "He could have been lying, but I don't see how we'll ever find my mother in this maze without calling out to her. "MOTHER!" he roared, to no response. They kept walking and calling, and finally;

"Baeden?" Very faint from far ahead. They sprinted through the hall, coming to a stop before a thick wooden door. He raised the heavy mace and swung it full-force into the lock, and the door shook but held. He swung again, and it crashed open and he walked through, weapons raised. The room was empty, a long, damp chamber with iron-barred cells on either side. A table and a large washbucket sat in one corner, and a torch was lit outside one of the cells. Baeden stopped in front of it and quickly looked away.

Marina walked behind Baeden and stared into the cell. The Queen and a woman who looked remarkably similar to her both lay naked in the small cell. Baeden blindly handed the crossbow to Marina. "I mustn't see this. Use your lock trick to free them. I'm going to go find clothes for them. Scream if you hear anyone coming from the other direction." And he ran off through the back door.

Marina dismantled the sight and trigger, and began working at the lock. Queen Jenara leaned up towards her, tears in her eyes. "I knew Baeden would come, but I did not expect you, Marina. Why would you not escape when you had the chance?"

"Because I choose to be here, my Queen. Me and Prince Baeden helped each other on the way down here. Neither of us could have made it alone." The jail door swung open, and Marina began working on the Queen's cuffs. The other woman was curled in the corner, her hands pressed against her crotch. At first Marina thought she was attempting to cover up, but it was now obvious that she was desperate to relieve herself. The woman stood and leaned forward, letting out a pained moan. She eyed the bucket which sat outside the cell and looked pleadingly at the queen.

"Go ahead, girl," the Queen said, with a slight nod. Marina was astonished, and decided the Queen must be more relaxed than she regularly seemed.

The woman cried in thanks and began to hobble towards the bucket, and Marina looked on, hypnotized, as small spurts of urine began dribbling out of her as she walked. Finally she made it to the bucket, and a waterfall began pouring from her small body. It splattered to the floor, and she squatted and aimed herself into the bucket, gasping and moaning in relief. Marina shook herself free of the sight and continued working on the Queen's cuffs. Finally the last shackle fell loose, and the Queen got to her feet.

The other woman was now laying against the wall, breathing heavily, pulses of urine still spurting out of her onto the floor. Marina looked at the Queen, and grinned slightly as she saw her belly protruding far beyond its normal size, and her legs squeezed together tightly. She even saw the Queen glance at the bucket, which was full to the brim, unfortunately for her. Just then, Baeden came back into the room, carrying the Queen's flowing robe and jewelery, and another small set of leather armor, apparently for the second woman. He handed the Queen her robe, still looking away, and he pulled the woman to her feet and began helping her into the leather gear while Marina helped the Queen into her complicated robe.

