"An Alluring Affair"-3

by Thomas

Chapter 3 

Nicky rushed from Phil's block to the end of the road, and found a taxi to take her home. Once there, she rushed indoors, ripping her dress from her body as she walked in the door. She showered again, then searched her clothes for the right outfit - she found a pair of near skin-tight white cotton jeans, and a racing green tight lycra body-style top. She normally wore the top with a bra, but wondered if she could get away without for Phil's benefit. "Oh what the hell!" she thought, and threw her bras back in the drawer.

Standing naked in her bedroom with the curtains open, and sunlight playing across her body, she realised she needed new underwear if she was going to have a prolonged relationship. "Another sodding delay!" she thought. "Why don't I buy it regularly? God!" She selected a lacy pair of white briefs and pulled them on.

Having dressed, she pulled her packet of pills from a draw and popped them in her pocket, anticipating a long stay with Phil. Then she grabbed her wallet and left again. She travelled by bus to the city centre, and then strode into a Lingerie shop. She left a few minutes later with new red lace knickers on, to match her top, and several other varieties of underwear in a bag. She had also tried three bras on, and chosen a Wonderbra from the selection.

She next entered a Travel Agency, and pulled seemingly random brochures from the shelves. An assistant intercepted her.

"May I help you madam?" Nicky was asked by a blonde wearing very high heels, and consequently towering about a foot taller than her.

"No thanks, I'm looking for something to suit visiting with my new boyfriend." Nicky replied.

"Ah, are you looking for a particular location or style?" oozed the blonde. "Perhaps I could suggest this particular brochure as very suitable for individuals needing privacy."

"Oh, thank you," Nicky muttered. "I think I've got a good selection thanks..." upon which she walked out. "Bitch!" she thought, slamming the door.

Having had her confidence bruised by the Travel Agent, she tried calming down with a Coke from a Newsagent. While in the shop, she noticed a magazine devoted to `Assisting New Lovers in Getting to Know Each Other', as it proclaimed in raucous orange letters on the front. She slipped it down from the shelf and read it while queuing. She absentmindedly paid for it and took it with her to her next stop, a Fashion shop, from which she purchased two very short skirts; one in black and the other deep red. She also bought several cheap alluring tops, guaranteed to cause red blooded males to fall at her feet, she thought as she handed her credit card over.

Having finished her shopping, she returned home by bus and dropped it off, before packing an overnight bag with a toothbrush and nightie. She rang a taxi to take her back to Phil's, and then sat down to a short, anxious wait for it to arrive. She killed the time with another Coke, and ate a sandwich hastily prepared from her fridge.

True to her promise, Nicky returned to Phil's flat early that afternoon. She knocked on the door, but there was no reply. She tried again, and still it appeared Phil wasn't in. She tutted and wondered what to do.

At that point, Phil walked around the corner from the lifts.

"Hey, you're early! Sorry I wasn't here to meet you. Have you been here long?"

"No, it's okay. Where've you been then, sweetie? Not up to anything I hope!"

"Oh, just arranging a few things - you know..." he replied.

"Well, I've been to Town, and got some Travel Brochures, so never mind what you've been up to, let's take a look at where we'd like to go!"

"Okaaay!" he said falteringly. "You move fast! When were you thinking of?"

"As soon as poss.! Let's get a near booking and save money too!"

They walked chatting into the flat, and perused the idyllic holiday pictures for a while. Phil made them a cup of tea each while they searched.

"Let's go somewhere fairly nearby, within a couple'a'hours, yeah?" Nicky suggested. "I'd like to avoid a hot resort, 'cause I'm sure we'll be warm enough anyway!"

"Okay. That narrows it down to this one," Phil said, picking a brochure of European destination up.

"Why don't we just book a hotel somewhere, and organise the rest ourselves? That way we're free to do our own thing!" Nicky suggested with a fresh twinkle in her eye and nudging Phil. She considered the options for resorts she would like. "Let's stay to English speaking countries, I can't cope with languages at the best of times, and if I'm wandering around naked and knackered thanks to you, I think I'd fail miserably!"

"Suits me. So Ireland, Scotland, England. Humm?"

"I don't really care. How about the south west, it's out of season, you should be able to move for once!"

"Riiight, okaaay. Cottage? Hotel?"

"Oh a cottage of course. I like my privacy!" she nudged him again.

They both peered at the remaining few pages of the brochure meeting their criteria. "There's a possible," pointed Phil. "Queen size bed, private views, out of the way..."

"Or this," countered Nicky, "with full fitted kitchen, modern bathroom, colour TV, and large lounge. Oh, a twin bedroom! Sod that!"

"It sounded like a house to buy, not a holiday retreat!"

"I like my luxury," she playfully punched him. "Still, I don't care, let's book that one," she said, rubbing his `bruise' and pointing at the original choice.

"Okay, I'll ring on Monday."

"No. Try now, I want to know..." Nicky whined.

"You sound like a spoilt schoolgirl again! Okay, I'll see if they answer the phone."

Phil sat at the kitchen table, and pulled the phone towards him. Nicky sat on his lap very deliberately, and started to pet him.

Once Phil had talked for a moment to the Landlord of their chosen cottage, he started trying to extricate himself from Nicky's grasp and write a note about the property's location. Nicky took his pen, and then tried to draw on his forehead. He sighed, and she gave it back, mockingly sulking.

"Nicky," he asked, searching for the Mute button on his phone, "what dates are best for you?"

"Oh, whenever, sooner the better. I can get time off work."

A few moments later, Phil put the phone down.

"It's all booked, I'm sending a deposit next week. She gave us a ten percent discount for taking the week after next. Oh, and she lives five miles away from it, so won't be bothering us..."

"That soon? Great! I'd better buy some more Spring clothes." Nicky was ecstatic.

"I shouldn't bother spending too much money - I'll not be wearing much." It was his turn to tease her. "I rather feel like taking more off now!"

"If you like!" Nicky replied, bending to bring her outlined breasts into full view a few inches from Phil's nose.

Phil pretended to ignore the beauty she was thrusting at him, apparently changing his mind. Nicky felt a little rejected. "Right, well having decided that," he said sternly, "why don't we go for a picnic. I'd like to do something to relax this weekend. It's a nice day; should be a warm evening. Lets go for a walk and then share some sustenance," he joked.

"Where would you like to take me?" Nicky asked innocently, relaxing from her brief emotional state.

"Here there and everywhere. As for the picnic..." Phil responded in kind, "how about a drive over to the coast?"

"I think that might be in order, James," Nicky replied in a plummy accent. "Let's go before it gets too late. What shall we take to eat?"

"Well, we can either take a picnic of whatever I've got in the fridge, or buy something from a pub."

"Let's keep it just us two. What've you got in the fridge - apart from no strawberries, since we ate all those new ones!" she asked. "Typical bachelor, I bet!" she teased him, and followed up with "Probably all junk food! Oww, stop it, hey!" The last in response to his tickling her.

Having quickly made up a picnic basket of sandwiches, chocolate bars, fruit and cans of pop, they looked round the flat for anything else they might like to take. Phil deliberately avoided suggesting they went to the toilet, and instead challenged Nicky to racing each other to the lift.

"Ha. Beat you," Phil boasted, pressing the `down' button. He was pleased with himself: he'd invited her out and avoided her going to the loo in preparation, so he might be lucky later. He must keep her mind off that subject for now. "You need to get fit!" he teased her.

"You don't think I'm fat, do you?" she asked, hurt.

"NO! Of course not! You're sexier than any supermodel - you've got bits to grab on to," he heckled further.

"I hope you're teasing, Phillip!" she responded, in a curt tone. "I'm not going to take insolence from you!"

"You know I am. Here, have a cuddle." They walked arm in arm into the lift together. "You've got a quite magnificently rounded chest - just what the Doctor ordered!" he told her by way of comfort. When they reached the ground floor, the pair walked to Phil's garage, and he moved his car out.

Having loaded the picnic and a rug in to the boot, they both jumped in, and sank into the plush interior. It was reminiscent of Jaguars, but now standard on mass produced Executive cars. "Still," thought Nicky, "at least it's fairly posh, riding in a BMW."

Phil drove out to the main road nearby. As they sat at the only set of traffic lights between them and the open road, Nicky started to daydream.

"I wonder what Phil would be like to live with?" she thought to herself. "He's a very nice bloke, but we've only known each other for a day! Is that really all it's been? So much has happened!"

"Phil," she started out loud, "we've only known each other for twenty four hours. Can you believe it?"

"I know, and it's been a great day!" he responded, accelerating at the amber light to beat the other lane of traffic to the clear road ahead. "Should we be celebrating our one day anniversary?"

"Let's just go and spend a nice evening on the coast, and see what fancies take us," suggested Nicky in reply.

As they travelled at speed along the almost deserted main road, Nicky continued to think about Phil, and the previous `loves of her life'. She remembered one particular chap, who she had met at school. She'd spent two nights with him, and discovered he had a fetish for high heeled shoes - Nicky's wardrobe was devoid of such things. She'd told him it was naughty to find shoes that hurt women's feet attractive, but he'd just started salivating over her anger, giving her cause to leave. She smiled to herself at the strange people she seemed to meet.

"I hope Phil is normal," she realised to herself. It would be just her luck to find a madman with exquisite sexual prowess.

Phil brought her back to reality with a jerk, by putting the radio on. A raucous funk group were performing live. "Do you have any favourite spots you'd like to take me to? We're coming to the point where we need to decide which road to take."

"No. Go wherever'll be quiet and private," Nicky requested. "And could we turn that off? It's awful!" Phil twizzled the tuning dial, and selected a local radio station. "I bought a crappy womens' magazine in town," Nicky told Phil over the radio. "It was all about how to satisfy new lovers."

"Oh I know all about that!" he joked. "Give them a thrashing once a week and expect all the cleaning to be done whenever you see each other at the bloke's place!"

"Oh shut up, you pig!" she tried to hit him again, but he ducked. "Anyway, it said to indulge them with whatever they want, and get the same back. I think I might require you to masturbate me a bit before sex in future - feminine masturbation is great for breaking the ice." She pulled his hand from the steering wheel and placed it in her lap.

"Well what the hell was that I did in the shower this morning?" he enquired in reply. "Certainly wasn't toe sucking!"

"Good point..." Nicky conceded. He really knew how to make her laugh, she thought as she smiled at his responses to her innuendo ridden talk.

Suddenly Nicky sat up with a jump. "Damn!" she thought to herself, "I didn't go to the loo before we left. What if I need to go on some isolated beach, I might get like last night! Oh well, I could always dig a hole in the sand like Mandy might have. If only I were brave like her." She tried to remember when she had last been, to reassure herself she would be alright. She observed that it was quite a while ago, several hours at least. "Bloody hell, I might well have a problem here!" she thought with a worried look on her face. "It was just before I left his place, that'd be about midday! Damn! Why did I go and have those cokes? And the cup of tea!" At least she was okay for now, she thought. She would just have to avoid drinking too much from the picnic basket.

Phil either read her thoughts or noticed the worried look on her face, because he deliberately interrupted her by starting to sing to the tune on the radio. It was Queen's `Radio Ga Ga'. Nicky joined in and they arrived at the cliff top car park Phil had selected still humming the chorus.

They laughed together at their inferior rendition, and Phil decided never to take Nicky to a karaoke session. "You'll never expose me to karaoke will you?" he asked, parking in the spot nearest the cliff path. "I couldn't take it." Nicky assured him she wouldn't dream of it, and jumped out of the car before he could respond.

They laughed again as they picked the picnic from the boot, as a gust of wind blew the lid down onto Phil's back. "It's trying to eat you! It wants the picnic for itself!" Nicky chuckled.

Phil survived his brush with the car boot, and carried the picnic towards the cliff path. "How far do you feel like going?" he asked seriously.

"Oh, you know. `Bout as far as you can," she replied in a similar tone. "Of course, we could just eat."

"Oh no. I want to take you to a quiet little beach around the cliff, about a mile that way," he pointed south along the path. "It's beautiful, and no one'll disturb us, I'm sure." They talked as they walked, and watched the sun swing round from the south to begin its decent apparently into the land beside them.

"Look Phil, it's getting quite late for my dinner, I'm hungry," Nicky said after they had been walking for half an hour. "It's six thirty. Can we eat soon?"

"Don't worry, it's just over this headland," Phil responded. "Another five minutes max."

When they saw the beach, it was already shadowed by the sun setting behind them. They climbed carefully down the steps in the stone face, and arrived gingerly on the gloomy sand. The sea breeze had barely begun; they were able to stay warm by sitting between some rocks near the water.

Phil sat on Nicky's left, with his arm round her, his left hand resting on her left breast, and her head on his shoulder. They ate the sandwiches Nicky had prepared, and Phil offered her a drink. "Oh, no thanks, I'm not really thirsty at the moment," Nicky replied, remembering the potential for trouble she had worried about in the car.

"Are you sure? They're warming up since being taken out of the fridge," Phil urged, popping one open for himself.

"No, I'm okay." Nicky detected an undertone in Phil's voice. Was he trying to get her to drink it against her will? "What're you up to?" she asked him. In the absence of a reply, she tried teasing him "I can decide for myself!"

"Yes I know you can, but you know how good I found it last night when you had drunk a lot. I was just trying to get you a little the worse for wear!"

"Why not try the direct approach? Just ask me. I was talking about that magazine article earlier. Did it occur to you?"

"I don't want you to feel obligated to need a pee every time we meet! I just hoped you would kind of have difficulty sitting still later in the evening!" Phil paused, and stroked Nicky's head with his free hand. She picked up an apple and started to eat, but slurped as the juice ran down her chin. "I wouldn't dream of imposing on you like that - unless you particularly want to service me with my desires..."

"Have you any particular fetishes you might want me to indulge you with?" Nicky asked.

"Only since yesterday, when we first made love like that! I've never been particularly attracted by anything in particular, except short skirts and tight tops showing off a woman's body as best they can."

"Do you really think that's what made your orgasm so much better than usual? It wasn't because you've had to wait a bit since your last lover was with you?"

"I've gone without sex for a while in the past, and anyway, there's ways around being alone. Have I shown you my magazine rack?" Nicky smiled and then laughed at the point Phil was making.

"Do I take it you prefer the real thing?" she asked, throwing the apple away over the rocks half eaten, and placing her hand in his lap. Phil whimpered and looked pleadingly at her. "Oh, you like that do you? Would you care for a little more - I think I know what to do... I tell you what, if it really matters, I won't encourage my bladder to stay calm, we'll see how it goes, okay?" Nicky offered. "Choose a drink for me, please. I am thirsty, I was just trying to avoid needing to go, since it's a bit chilly down here and I haven't been since before lunch." She clumsily undid Phil's belt, and opened his trousers. "I think I've been this way before!" she whispered, sliding her hand down inside his trousers.

Phil sank onto the beach, lying back, groaning as Nicky's fingers caressed him, and cajoled him to take her. He suddenly jumped up, and ripped his shirt and trousers off, revealing his body to any other couple that might choose to walk the cliff path. He jumped at Nicky, and tried to pull her top off.

"You can't do that with bodies!" she laughed at him. "You have to peel them off once you've unbuttoned the bottom!"

"It almost seems a shame to take it off you, it makes you such a nice shape. You're not wearing a bra again, are you? Is this a habit?"

"No. All for you, I've never dared wear this top without before." Phil moved his attention to her jeans. They emphasised her figure as only snug-fit jeans can, and made him quiver as he pulled them over her ankles. The same pair of legs as had haunted his thoughts since yesterday were still there - it hadn't been a dream! He was excited now, and pulled at the poppers on Nicky's top. She giggled as he had to insert his fingers under the garment, to force the fixings apart, and shifted slightly to allow him to continue. Phil pulled her knickers off, and then pretended to be disgusted by them, holding them by his fingertips. 

"So you do have red lace knickers!" he finally said. "Do they really match strawberries?" he mocked, and stood as if to search out a strawberry on the deserted beach. "Oh nevermind!" he changed his mind, and tore at his own underpants.

He lay down next to her, and cuddled her in one arm as his other hand sought out her clitoris between the flapping halves of her top. He rubbed his fingers against her, and repeatedly brought her to orgasm, her screams of joy echoing each time off the dark cliffs around them. After her third or fourth, she'd lost count and he stopped and sat up, still cradling her.

"Are you still okay, my darling, or can I detect a bit of movement down there?" he nodded at her legs, just visible in the now dark night.

"If you mean am I fidgeting, yes I am. That made everything change inside!" she simpered. "You really can fulfil my needs you know. Those were fantastic. Now let me try the same for you." She eased herself away from his hug, pushing him back to lie down, and sat astride him. "I'm not really what you would call desperate, just gently need to go enough to have my mind on it," she explained. "`Bout as much as when we left the bar yesterday, but not getting so bad so quick! I hope it's enough darling." She bent forward and teased her breasts, still covered by the body top, across his chest. "Ohhwow," she uttered as she allowed him to penetrate, his penis pushing deep inside her and pressing on her bladder for the second night running.

"It's already getting worse, you press so much on me," she told him, "I think you'll enjoy this!" She worked herself against him, pushing on his chest and then letting herself drop back to him, working herself around in a frenzy at the same time, almost rotating on him, as she became more and more aroused by his shrieks and pushing back at her. "You're getting me darling!" she let him know, "You're making me burst with your pressure! Can you feel me squirm?"

He managed to nod as she continued to twist, getting faster and more frantic as she became more desperate due to his movements. Nicky realised they had entered a vicious circle, she getting more desperate as he was turned on more by her fidgeting, and then fidgeting more because of it, leading him to penetrate yet deeper and to enjoy it even more. Her twists and fidgeting were allowing Phil to reach his climax very quickly again, and she tried to slow herself to reduce the sensations she was giving him, and keep him from cumming. She just couldn't manage it, she was too desperate to avoid fidgeting now! "Ohhh fuck!" she screamed, "I can barely hold on Phil! I can barely keep the stuff inside! I hope this was good enough for you!"

Whatever it was for him, it was very good for her, she realised. The masturbation he had given her had caused enough excitement to make this VERY good indeed. She came to a conscious decision, despite her discomfort and excitement. "If Phil is turned on by me needing a piss, and wanks me every time before we make love, I'll damn well get more desperate than this every time for him."

Phil was unable to contain himself any longer as she told him how she felt, and confirmed what he thought he could feel - he came in a massive moment of joy, shoving himself further up her than he dreamed possible. Nicky groaned at the impact of that move, as her bladder was pushed out of shape and reduced in size, increasing the pressure on her fragile muscles. Despite that, she was also reaching orgasm, and continued to force herself up and down on him as he tried to pull away. She knew she could still enjoy it; it was outweighing the discomfort. She finally got her own climax out of the business as he began to shrink, and then he was gone, and the moment was solely devoted to keeping her bladder intact. She couldn't wet herself sitting on him!

"Phil, you've got to help me. I can't keep this in much longer," she told him, trying to keep her legs totally together whilst still kneeling over him. "I need to go now, no kidding around. I made it good for you, but now I get precedence. Where's the nearest toilets?"

Phil laughed at her. "About five miles down the road from the car, in that last town we drove through! Why did you think I chose to come here?"

"Oh no!" she giggled. "I really let myself in for that, didn't I?" Phil tried to lie with her in his arm, but she resisted. "I must go, Phil. I don't want it to get as bad as yesterday. Please?" He showed no willingness to move, so she lay with him, squirming as she fought her private battle. Her legs seemed to take on a life of their own, swinging back and forth whilst maintaining a tight grip on each other at the top of her thighs, preventing any gaps forming in her grip against the pee welling up inside.

"It is as bad, in it's own way, Phil. It's just not as overfull!" She shivered, and the cold she realised was making her bladder shrink and squeeze its contents towards the only outlet. "It's probably the cold as much as anything."

"You could go out here; over there or in the sea," Phil suggested.

"No I couldn't. A friend of mine used to do that all the time, but I couldn't! I'm just not brave enough."

"Come on, who's going to see?" Phil asked in amazement. "If you're brave enough to wear that show-it-all-off top, surely you could have a piss, like you obviously need to, in private on a deserted beach?"

"No, I simply won't," Nicky answered in a high voice, and Phil noted that her speech was also speeding up.

"You do have tell tale signs when you need the loo," he told her, "you speak quicker, and a bit higher, and you fidget like nobody I've ever met." She grinned weakly at him in the dark, and he added "You giggle too, instead of your normal laugh." She groaned as another shiver shook her bladder virtually to pieces, and grabbed herself temporarily to keep herself tight shut.

"Phil, when people have to hold onto themselves to keep themselves from pissing, they need a pee VERY badly. Come on, let's get going to those toilets in that town." The emphasis on very was not Nicky's doing, the movement of her sitting up had forced more pressure on to her bladder.

Phil showed his agreement by starting to dress, and Nicky somehow managed to put her own clothes back on. She took a chocolate bar from the picnic, and started to comfort eat as she hopped around while Phil cleared up the rest of the picnic.

"I'm not sure how much longer these jeans are going to stay white, Phil. Hurry up!" Nicky pleaded, and he dropped the rest of their rubbish into the picnic bag and they climbed back up the cliff. Nicky found the walking quite difficult as they proceeded back along the cliff path to the car. "I can't open my legs enough to get decent paces, it's going to take longer to get back to the car, oh God!" she exclaimed, and tried to take quicker steps in a quest for speed. "It'll take twice as long just to get back to the car at this rate, and then we've got to drive to... wotsit called, Woodbridge, before I can go. I'm not sure I'll make it!"

"Don't worry, try not to think about the future, think about yourself now. You can still manage at the moment, keep thinking about coping with it like it is, it'll soon seem easier," Phil suggested as they ploughed on along the path. "Ha," he laughed a moment later, "you must have spent most of your time with me needing the loo so far!"

"Don't remind me," requested Nicky. "I want to make your sex good, but I don't know if I can cope with this too many times."

"You liked it at the time," Phil reminded her. "And I'll do anything to make it up to you, if you'll just do this again sometimes."

"It's true enough that you enjoying it makes mine better too. Perhaps we should just arrange for a toilet to be nearby afterwards?" she giggled again, and Phil noticed she was trying to fidget even whilst walking.

"I've never seen that done before!" he joked, copying her frantic movements as she looked round. "Only kids get that desperate, surely?" he reiterated. Seeing no relief for her from that avenue, he tried to calm her on a different tack. "Tell me about this friend that was willing to go outside if necessary," he asked.

"Oh, she went all over the place, wherever she was; if she needed to, she could go always go straight away. We went to a party once, and she was drunk, having had far too much. Anyway, we were walking home, and she just said `I need a wee' and she literally just squatted down there in the middle of the road! She can't have needed to that much, 'cause she says as soon as she needs to generally. It's a good thing a car didn't come along!"

"Her name definitely wasn't Nicky then!" Phil teased her, and then hurried to catch her as she scurried ahead. "What happened then? You speeded up!"

"It got worse when a bramble stuck in me back there - you know, the pain kind of radiated through me... Phil, why do I keep telling you these things? I mean, I never even told my best friend when I was busting at school!"

"It's probably my magnetic charm!" he replied, lightening the atmosphere. "Or perhaps you just deep down want to tell me, 'cause it turns you on to feel what it does to me. The strange thing is that I'm only interested because you twist and turn so much! The fact you do because you need the loo isn't important. Maybe knowing you need it so bad allows me to anticipate..."

"I guess it's okay between two consenting adults!" she agreed over her shoulder, hurrying ahead, petrified she was going to show herself up in front of Phil.

Phil was finding the renewed pace a little difficult with the picnic bag. "I don't suppose you'd like another drink, would you. Take the weight off my shoulder?"

"Bugger off you bastard!" she responded, recognising his sense of humour showing through his concern for her.

"Look, I can see the car," he said, changing the subject to save his face.

"Oh thank God. You won't worry about speed limits now will you?" she checked as they hurried along.

"Well, actually I could do with a piss now, so no need to worry," he replied.

Once they reached the car, Phil threw the remains of the picnic in the boot and then strode round to unlock the car doors. Nicky was standing at the near- side door hopping from foot to foot completely unable to stand still. As the door unlocked, she pulled it open until it bounced on its hinges, and then jumped into the passenger seat and slammed it, taking her vengeance on it for no particular reason, merely to take her mind off how much she needed a release. She sat quietly, but with a blur for legs. She was still keeping her upper thighs locked together, but her knees were oscillating across the available space in the car. Her left knee would knock against the door, and her right the gear stick, followed by a rapid sweep towards each other where they again touched, before repeating the process.

Phil started the car and drove straight out of the car park, towards the town. He drove much faster than when coming in the other direction, and the tyres screeched at more than one corner as he tried a little too hard to save Nicky's pain. They travelled the five miles in under eight minutes, despite the twisty road, and pulled up about ten metres from the public toilets. They both jumped out of the car, and Nicky ran straight to the Ladies, ignoring Phil's request for her to shut her door. He had to close that and then lock the car from his side before he could follow. When he turned from the car to walk to the Gents, he found Nicky sobbing and stumbling back to him.

"They're locked!" she sobbed. "They say they're closed at ten pm due to vandalism! BASTARDS!" she screamed at the toilets.

Phil walked up to read the sign. `These toilets are locked at 10:00pm each evening, due to vandalism. We apologise for any inconvenience.' "Fucking idiots!" he stated, and walked back to the car. He saw that Nicky's fidgeting had redoubled now, probably since she had thought she had reached the end of her torment. "Well I guess we'll just have to go home. SHIT! It's only eight minutes past! Oh, happy anniversary. We've known each other for twenty four hours. Yippee." The last he managed to make sound like a Yodeller being strangled under a tarpaulin. This caused Nicky to giggle uncontrollably - another measure of how desperate she was, as if Phil needed reminding.

They clambered sullenly back in to the car, and Phil drove like a bat out of hell along the country road. After a quarter of an hour, he pulled into a lay- by on the quiet road. 

"I've got to go," he told Nicky. "Are you coming?" She shook her head, but winced at the pain she was enduring. Phil stood against the hedge and relieved himself, hoping no cars would pass. When he had finished, he walked back round to the driver's side, trying not to look at Nicky, who was staring at him in anguish as she wrestled again with herself. He tried to ignore the fact that she was physically clutching herself when he got back in. 

"I'm sorry Nicky, a man's gota do an' all that," he began to drive again, a little more sedately. "I'd better slow down, it was dangerous before," he explained.

"I know! I nearly asked you to slow down despite myself!" she managed to joke. Nicky was once again transfixed by the feeling in her bladder. She might have said she would do this again for him, because the sex was so good, but she didn't like the time afterwards. "Perhaps," she thought, "I should just let go as soon as he cums, and wet the bed? It'd avoid any problems for sure... I'll suggest it next time before he gets worked up. Oh God, I need a piss! I need a piss! No, I CAN hold on, I can. I just need to put my legs like this, no maybe there, oh God!" she wriggled and squirmed for another few seconds, before it again seemed to become too much. "Try to avoid any bumps in the road, I might get your seat wet!" she instructed Phil, clenching her fists as she did so.

Phil continued to drive quickly along the roads back to Cambridge, and Nicky was grateful that he continued to drive a little slower than before. The road here was dual-carriageway, but Phil occasionally got stuck behind a slower driver, and Nicky had to bite her lip to avoid swearing at them, for keeping her momentarily from relief. Phil recognised the problem, and overtook as soon as the slower drivers moved aside.

As they neared the city, the roads became straighter and a little busier, giving Nicky alternate bouts of depression and hysteria as Phil was forced to slow down, and was able to speed up again. She continued to fidget totally uncontrollably, simply attempting to prevent leaks by the frantic constant adjustment of her position in the seat, and movement of her legs. Phil became more and more distracted by her constant shifting in the corner of his eye, and almost asked her to stop.

"You poor, poor darling. Why won't you go in a hedge or something?" he offerred as she seemed to reach a new level of fidgeting.

"You know I won't!" she retorted. Nicky could barely cope with talking, she was so distracted by the amount she needed to go. "I think I might end up going in a portaloo though," she continued however, just managing to complete the feeble joke.

"You're not suggesting my car is about to get wet, are you?" Phil asked, attempting to appear genuinely shocked.

"I don't know what might happen - I'd be surprised if I lasted another second," she shuddered as what she was implying hit her, despite her rampant fidgetting. She sank into a deep sorrowful and whining state of mind, imagining what it would be like to be able to go to the toilet on demand and to make love totally relaxed. She knew she liked sex without any extra stimuli, because she had experienced it with her previous, and only, boyfriend, and on a one night stand. The other one-nighter, she recalled, had been under the influence of far too much alcohol, and she couldn't remember anything about that. 

"But," she thought, "I really enjoy sex with Phil even more `cause he gets so excited by my fidgeting. Oh God, how can I get such good sex whilst having less pain from my bladder?" She continued to moan to herself, and her legs, if anything, slowed a little in their fierce movements.

Phil noted the change in her agitation as they sped along the suburban roads towards home. "Is it getting easier to cope, darling? Can I stop taking risks at these junctions?"

Nicky again was disturbed from her contemplation of oblivion that she sank towards. "NO! Don't stop, I think it's getting time," she sobbed the last words, as she noticed herself that she was fidgeting less. The lack of fidgeting had allowed her brain to concentrate on the bladderful of pee, and she was unsure whether she had already let some out by paying too little attention to clenching her upper legs.

Phil took her anguished plea as a hint, and, not wanting his car seat to get damp, he pushed the car faster along the roads. "I'll bet it's only about three more minutes `til we'll be home!" he reassured her, and turned a corner from a side-street into the main road again, glancing left and right. "See!" he exclaimed, "short cuts can be worthwhile!" They were speeding along the last but one road to Phil's flat.

"Hurry!" Nicky suddenly said urgently, "Hurry, it's coming, I can't stop it. Hurry!" Phil added another squirt of power to the accelerator, and the car shot along, he braked almost too late for the turn into his own street, and just made the turn. They baralled along, accelerating again, and Nicky undid her seatbelt in readiness for the rush to the lift. "It's no good, darling, I can't hold it, oh FUCK!" she screamed, and tore the door open as the car pulled up.

"Don't worry. Run for the lift, I'll follow," Phil offered, and Nicky immediately stopped dancing by the car and ran to the building. She could feel her underpants getting damper, and wished she had something more absorbent than red lace on. She couldn't believe she'd made it stay inside her all the way back from the coast. She didn't really know how far it was, but she'd probably waited a couple of hours, she guessed as she pressed the lift call button.

Phil caught up as the lift doors began to close, and tried to hug her as the lift accelerated up to his floor. She pulled away and danced again, clutching herself through her jeans. Phil could see the jeans were not entirely dry around the crotch, and knew he couldn't ask her to hang on for his ultimate pleasure.

He followed her along to his door, and unlocked it staright awya, for which Nicky was grateful - she manged to throw him a smile as she hopped to the bathroom. Phil knocked on the open bathroom door with his eyes shielded, and asked Nicky if he could come in. She was sitting on the toilet and still fidgetting, despite having let go. Phil smiled sympathetically, and squatted down in front of her, his forehead resting on her chest. He pulled her shoes off, then removed her jeans and knickers, and threw them in the bath.

"Don't worry, I'll wash them and no-one'll ever know," he reassured her. "It isn't a very big patch anyway," he tried to persuade her, "only about the size of a computer disk - maybe nobody'd notice even if it doesn't come out."

Nicky was finally feeling a little better, most of the pressure had gone now, and only a steady trickle was continuing to fall from her. "Oh God," she sighed, "nothing feels better than pissing when you REALLY need to!" Phil raised his eyebrows, and she nodded at him "Nothing! Honestly. You try it."

Nicky still hadn't finished, but Phil tried to make her stand from the toilet, and gestured at his trousers. She realised he was aroused again, and she realised he wanted her to stop, and make love. She managed to stop her bladder emptying, but had to fight her muscles very hard to keep the flow stopped. She didn't really mind. There couldn't be much left, she figured, and Phil was worth a little longer. She stood from the toilet and the movement caused drops of her pee to fall from her pubic hair to the floor, as Phil pulled off his clothes yet again.

He pushed her against the wall of the bathroom, and penetrated roughly as she slowly fidgetted to keep the remaining liquid inside. She needed to little enough that she could enjoy this fully, and they were soon lost to the excitement of making love.

Nicky woke to find herself on Phil's bed, lying across his legs, with his naked body glistening with sweat. She looked at the clock - she couldn't believe it was only two am. They couldn't have got home until midnight, and then they'd had that great sex standing in the bathroom. She remembered that she hadn't finished going to the loo before that, and couldn't recall going afterwards. Now she felt ready to burst again, but in a much less urgent way than the previous night. "I'll wake him up and ask if I can go," she decided.

Phil responded by groaning at first, then noticed Nicky was totally naked - he hadn't seen her breasts for a while, since they'd been so eager the last few occasions that she'd kept her body top on. He sat up to caress her shoulders and chin with his tongue. Nicky was not desperate enough to have to push him off, so allowed him to make her feel special by his attention. Soon he wanted her, and Nicky lay back on the bed to allow him to penetrate. They made rampant love, and Nicky was sufficiently used to needing a piss that she was able to enjoy the whole thing. However when they had finished, over an hour later, she hopped up and went straight to the loo.

As she sat yet again, letting her bladder empty, she contemplated the relationship she was getting into. She was surprised at herself enjoying sex in those circumstances so much, after her history of needing to go so badly so often in the past. When she had finished, she walked back in to the bedroom, and climbed across the bed deliberately swinging her breasts at Phil.

He was sitting up, leaning against a pillow propped against the wall. "You know Nic, I really can't believe what we're doing!" he told her, as she was about to suggest they try to go back to sleep. "We're doing things I've never been turned on by before. It's fun learning new things in new relationships!"

"It may be fun for you!" she teased him. "No, to tell the truth, I can't get enough. Can we possibly keep it up? I mean, can it always be as good as these first few times?" They sat together considering the prospect of continuing the pleasure indefinitely.

"You know what I was talking about earlier, while we were walking back to the car," Phil started, "about you needing the loo most of the time we've known each other? That thought keeps coming back to me. It really turns me on, `cause it means we've had so much good sex! How long have we been in that situation? Of you needing to piss, I mean."

"What," she teased him further, "do you want me to get a piece of paper and write a diary of by bladder's activity over the last few days?"

"Well, it would be nice to remember while we're not together," Phil replied, embarrased.

"You really do? Okay," Nicky offered, and went to the living room to fetch paper and pen.

"Well," Phil began, "there was Friday night at the bar."

"Just let me write," instructed Nicky, and started scribbling. Phil tried to peer at the paper, but Nicky hunched her shoulders and hid it from his view. She paused "This is not what I expected to be doing at three am on Sunday morning when I went out looking for a lay on Friday!"

"Ahh," he tried to tickle her under the chin. "Stop, we'll do it later if it bothers you."

"No no," she said, writing again, "it's just new to me, that's all."

"And me!" Phil exclaimed, and crawled round to watch her writing, resting on her thigh, totally naked, sitting cross-legged on the bed.

"There!" said Nicky, and handed him the piece of paper. He grabbed it, and read fascinated:

Friday:

Met at 22:00

Needed to 22:50

Left bar 23:00

Saturday:

Phil noticed he was idly masturbating himself, as he read. Nicky smiled at him and cuddled him.

Went at P's flat 01:30ish

Needed to more normally 11:00 

Went at say 12:15

Left each other 12:30

Returned together 15:00

Started needing to on beach 19:30-20:00

Made love until 21:00

Started leaking 23:30?

Sunday:

Went partially at 00:00ish

P's flat. Still needed to.

Went at 03:30

Therefore, time together: 27 hours

Time I needed a piss: 12 hours - nearly half the time!

"That long?" Phil was amazed. "You'll have trouble keeping to that proportion of time with me! What, about four ninths of the time!"

"And making love kind of makes it worse by pressing on me remember," she reminded him, "must be worth a bit." She tried to keep a straight face as he realised she was mocking his interest.

"Hey, you liked it too, you said!"

"Yes, you're perfectly right," she assured him.

"I could get used to this!" he told her. "It makes life so much more enjoyable..."

"Do you mean `sex' when you say `life'?" Nicky mocked him, narrowing her eyes.

"Well, maybe," he replied, allowing his interest in keeping her desperate to blossom and florish. "You know, this may be worth thinking of as a fetish. Can you cope with fucking a fetishist?"

"Oh stop it, you," Nicky replied smiling, continuing to narrow her eyes. "I could run to a paper when you're rich and famous!"

"Oh, I don't think you could bear to lose out on the sex!" he badgered her in return.

"Well next time," she began, "if there is one," she added quickly at the delighted, twinkling, look he threw her, "lets do it in the shower, then I can let it out quickly!" Phil looked at her in mock horror, and she smiled at him, and shrugged her shoulders. "Oh Phil, I really like you. It's great that we can make each other laugh so much," she gushed.

"Well, having sorted that, I think it's time to go to sleep," Phil announced, and pretended to snore as he punched his pillow flat.

"Oh you're doing it again," Nicky chuckled, and tried to kick his leg under the duvet.

