"Ugh, this is going to be so stupid," Kelly groaned. Her senior science class was going on a hiking field trip today. She was sitting on the bus on the way to the trail with her friend Sara. "I know– that's why I brought this!" Sara exclaimed, pulling a half–full water bottle out of her bag. "What? Water?" Kelly asked. "Vodka," Sara said. "I only snagged enough from my parents to give us a good buzz, we don't want to get hammered on a class trip." "Awesome!" Kelly exclaimed. "Hey, got enough to share?" asked their friend Kim from the seat behind them. "I suppose," Sara sighed.
Ten minutes later, the bus arrived at the trail. "If anyone needs to go to the bathroom, there's an outhouse over there," announced their teacher, Mr. Grant. "There aren't any bathrooms in the woods, so if you need to go this is your only chance," he added. A line of seven students formed at the outhouse.
"What did Mr. G just say?" Kelly asked, now feeling a bit tipsy. "Who fucking cares," Sara replied, giggling. "I gotta take a whiz, don't leave without me," Kim said, making her way to the end of the line for the outhouse. "I kinda have to go too, but no way am I using that grody outhouse," Sara said. "There'll probably be more on the trail anyways," she added.
After everyone who needed to had used the facilities, the class made their way into the woods. Mr. Grant was describing the flora and fauna to the class, but Kelly, Sara, and Kim weren't listening. The trio was lagging a bit behind the rest of the class, and Mr. Grant yelled at them to pick up the pace. "That vodka is going right through me," Sara complained. "You should have used the outhouse," Kim said. "Fuck that," Sara replied.
A little while later, Kelly was also starting to feel the vodka's effect on her bladder. "I need to take a fucking leak" Sara whined. "We better be coming up on another outhouse." "Weren't you paying attention earlier?" Dale, the boy in front of them said, "Mr. G said that there aren't any outhouses on the trail." "Shit, guess I'll just have to hold it then," Sara said in a mildly annoyed tone, appearing unworried as to whether she could do it. Kelly was a bit more worried, as she didn't have the best holding ability, especially when drunk.
Twenty minutes later, Sara was in noticeable discomfort. Her pace had quickened and her face bore a slightly worried expression. "How long is this hike going to take?" she yelled to Mr. Grant. "About another hour and a half!" he yelled back. "Shit, I dunno if I can hold on that long..." she muttered to herself. "You two must have to piss too, you drank almost as much as I did," Sara said to Kelly and Kim. "I went before we left. I mean yeah I do a little but it's not going to be an issue," Kim stated. "I'm...fine." Kelly replied. Kelly had always felt uncomfortable talking about her bodily functions, which had led to some embarrassing situations in the past. "No you fucking aren't, I know you're just too bashful or whatever to admit you need to take a piss!" Sara snapped back. "Fine, yeah I have to go pretty bad, happy?" Kelly said quietly, blushing.
Half an hour later Sara was near the end of her rope. She had to stop every couple hundred feet to cross her legs, and her brow was shiny with sweat. "Okay, there's no way I'm going to make it another hour, I'm gonna have to pop a squat." she said. "Are you crazy? In front of the whole class?" Kim asked. "Desperate times call for desperate measures." Sara said between clenched teeth. "I just need to find a spot with enough cover," she added. "Good luck, we've been in this clearing for the past twenty minutes, the most cover you're gonna get is a sapling." Kim stated. "Shit." Sara responded, "Guess I can try to hold on another ten minutes or so until we get back into the trees."
Fifteen minutes later, they were still in the clearing, with no trees in sight. "Fuck it, I'm gonna piss my fucking pants if I wait another second, I'm gonna pop a squat right here. Cover me." Sara said, breathing heavily. Before anyone could react, Sara pulled her shorts and panties down and starting pissing the second they came off. "Shit! What are you doing?" Kelly said, loud enough to catch other people's attention. Within seconds the whole class was looking at Sara empty her bladder. "Gross!" "Awesome!" "I'm totally putting this on YouTube!" various students exclaimed. The loud hissing of Sara forcefully emptying her bladder suddenly reminded Kelly of how full her own bladder was. She quickly bent down, just barely suppressing a quick surge from her bladder.
"What in the world?" Mr. Grant exclaimed. "Sara, put your damn clothes back on!" he shouted angrily. Sara managed to stop the flow, barely containing the torrent of pee that still remained inside of her. "I'm so, so sorry, Mr. G, I just couldn't hold it any longer!" Sara said, choking back tears of embarrassment. "Fine, whatever, let's continue the hike, shall we?" Mr. Grant said. 
"God I am so fucking embarrassed!" Sara cried. "And the worst part is that I still really have to go." she added. "I don't think I can hold out for another 45 minutes." Kelly stated, doing a pee dance as she walked. "Well unless you want to strip for the whole class you're gonna have to," Sara replied bitterly. "What about you, Kim? You still all high and mighty about using the port–o–john earlier?" Sara asked. "I think I can still make it." Kim replied, sounding less than confident.
45 minutes later, all three girls had their hands jammed firmly into their crotches. "Oh God, fucking finally! We can use the outhouse before getting back on the bus!" Sara exclaimed excitedly. However, when they got to the outhouse, they found that it was locked. "Mr. Grant, the outhouse is locked!" said one of the other students. "Nothing I can do about it, sorry. It's only a half hour to school, you can hold it," he stated. The group of students gathered around the outhouse groaned. "Okay, everyone on the bus!" Mr. Grant shouted.
"I cannot wait another fucking half hour," Sara cried once everyone had boarded the bus. "I don't think I can either..." Kim admitted. Kelly was in absolute agony. "Hey, at least you two got to pee at some point, I haven't gone since lunch, and that was four hours ago!" she exclaimed, a look of pain on her face and beads of sweat forming on her forehead.
"Ask if we can stop somewhere!" Kelly pleaded to her friends. "I'm too embarrassed to do it myself," she added. "Yo, can we make a pit stop somewhere? Some of us gotta go!" Sara yelled. "It's only twenty more minutes," Mr. Grant replied. "Plus, you already went." he added. The girls groaned, and Kelley crossed her legs tightly.
"I can't believe I'm going to risk humiliating myself again today, but my only other option is wet shorts." Sara said, pulling the empty water bottle out of her bag. "Don't look." she said, wriggling her shorts and panties down to her knees and trying to position the bottle against her urethra. A couple seconds later, Kim and Kelly heard the sound of the bottle being filled. "Jesus, it sounds like a fire hose!" Kim whispered.
Kelly could barely stand it, the sound of Sara getting sweet relief less than a foot away from her was almost too much. A squirt escaped into her panties but she managed to stop it. She looked down to inspect the damage and there was a small wet spot roughly the size of a quarter in the crotch of her pants. "Not too noticeable, but now I have to go twice as bad," she thought
"Shit, it's gonna overflow, I gotta stop!" Sara said, squeezing her crotch to stop the flow. She put the cap back on the bottle and put it in her bag. "I don't have anything to wipe with, do either of you have a tissue?" Sara asked Kim and Kelly. "No" "sorry" they answered. "Damnit," Sara said, taking off her shorts and panties and using her panties to wipe with. She quickly put her shorts back on, placing the now wet panties in her bag.
"I can't hold it any longer, I'm gonna pop! Do you have another bottle or something?!" Kelly said, panicking. "Sorry, you're just gonna have to hold it," Sara replied. "Nnngh, oh shit..." Kelly grimaced, jamming both hands as hard as she could into her crotch and crossing her legs tightly. "It's coming out, oh God..." she whimpered. A trickle appeared between her legs, running off the seat onto the floor. The trickle quickly grew to a stream, splashing onto the floor of the bus noisily. "Shit! You're getting my butt wet!" Sara exclaimed. Kelly's flood went on for a good thirty seconds, soaking the seat as well as her jeans, and making a large puddle on the floor.
"Well, at least I feel a lot better now..." Kelly said, her face a bright shade of red. "God, why'd I even bother using the bottle if you were just gonna soak my shorts anyways?" Sara said, teasing. Meanwhile, Kim was completely silent. "Only ten more minutes, come on Kim, you can do this," she thought to herself, her face carrying a look of intense concentration.
The bus finally pulled into the school, and the students filed out. Kelly and Sara made sure they were the last ones off. Kim, on the other hand, was practically pushing the other students out of the way to get off the bus. "Let's go to my house," Sara said to Kelly. "My mom isn't home so she won't see us like this and I have some pants you can change into." "Thanks, let's go!" Kelly replied, eager to get away before anyone saw that she had wet herself. Let's wait in the car for a little bit, I have a feeling Kim is going to need a getaway car too." Sara remarked.
Kim raced towards the school bathrooms. To her dismay, the women's bathroom was out of order, and nearly everyone was lined up in front of the boy's bathroom. Taking her place in line, behind twenty other people, Kim stood completely rigid, determined to not let her bodily functions get the best of her. "Can I cut to the front?" she pleaded, "I'm seriously on the verge of wetting my pants!" "No way, we all have to piss, we couldn't all be like your exhibitionist friend," the girl in front of her stated rudely.
There were only two people in front of Kim now. Relief was so close she could feel it. Unfortunately, this being a men's restroom, there were was only one stall. The stall opened and the next girl entered. "Sorry guys, but I really gotta take a number two, I've been holding it since second period," she said, slamming the stall door closed. "Wait! Can't you let us go first?! I can't wait that long!!" Kim pleaded. "Tough luck," came the reply. Carrie, the girl in front of Kim, decided she couldn't wait either and walked over to the lone urinal. She pulled her skirt up and her panties aside and started pissing, getting more on the wall and floor than the urinal. 
Kim's bladder was screaming for release, so she tried to climb up onto the sink. Unfortunately, she slipped. She fell to the ground, the impact making her lose control. She lay on the ground with her ass up in the air– piss running out from under her shorts and down her legs. Within a couple seconds, she was laying face down in a puddle of urine, soaked from head to toe. She tried to get up, but slipped and fell onto her back. Completely drenched in urine, she ran crying out of the school. 
"Kim! Over here!" Kelly yelled upon seeing her friend running out of the school, hands covering her face. Kim ran as fast as she could to the car and jumped in. "Oh my fucking God this is the worst day of my life!" she cried, tears streaming down her cheeks. "It's okay, you're not the only one." Kelly said.
"Let's go get cleaned up." Sara said, pulling out of the parking lot.
By: D.