Title: Long Lunch Break

By: Paul

I've been gone about an hour, now, thought Kate as she headed back to her office, 'Just right.....'

She hitched her handbag further up on her shoulder and turned up her coat collar against the cold wind. There was at least another half-mile to go before she reached the warm haven of her Firm's office, where she was due back very shortly from her lunch break. Her boss wasn't one of these people who was pedantic about breaks, though, as long as she did her work efficiently he wouldn't mind if she took an extra couple of minutes.

A fresh blast of chilled air hit her as she turned the last corner. The office was straight ahead of her now, and she instinctively glanced up towards the twenty-ninth floor, where her colleagues were hard at work. Then, completing the last fifty yards or so, she joined several other people in entering the building through the swing door. Ah, warmth! she thought to herself as the wintry conditions were immediately left behind. She shrugged off her coat and laid it over her arm, quickly patting her hair into place with her other hand.

Satisfied now with her appearance, she headed for the lifts. Kate was tall with long black hair, and was pleased to see some heads turn as she crossed the reception area. She wore a beige suit, crisp white open blouse, dark brown stockings and brown high-heeled shoes, and the cut of the suit showed off her slim, attractive figure to great advantage.

A group had already formed to await the next car, and three men and another woman stepped towards the middle lift of three as it became obvious from the display panel that it would arrive at the ground floor first. The doors soon slid open to reveal a full car, probably nine or ten people, who were allowed to get off before the five of them shuffled forward and took their places. Careful not to crack the carefully manicured nail of her index finger, Kate pressed the button for floor twenty-nine, seeing the indicator for that level light up.

Three other lights were soon glowing too, as her fellow passengers all made sure the car would stop at their chosen destinations. A silence then descended on the group, the sort of vaguely embarrassed silence that commonly occurs in elevators, with everyone carefully avoiding eye contact. Kate sneaked a curious glimpse at the other passengers. The woman, well dressed, in her forties and probably one of the many secretaries in the building, was looking at the floor numbers on the display panel as they changed, while the men stared at the floor, lost in thought.

Suddenly there was a clunk and the lift stopped dead, causing the stomachs of all five passengers to heave in reaction to the sudden and temporary weightlessness. Everyone for some reason looked straight up to the display to see where they were. No number was indicated, though, so presumably they had stopped between floors.

'Oh, great, that's all we need!' said one of the men, an aging businessman holding a briefcase and a newspaper, which he was hitting against his leg exasperatedly, 'As if I've got time to spend waiting for them to fix a lift!'

'Yeah, well, we've all got somewhere to go I should think,' said the youngest of the three males, a sloppily dressed youth who sported a ponytail,' Anyway, it'll probably start again in a minute.'

The woman gave a deep sigh. 'Shouldn't we be pressing the alarm or something?' she enquired.

'Give it a minute, we don't want to look like we're panicking, do we?' replied the youth.

'Never mind that!' said the businessman, stepping forward and impatiently jabbing the alarm.

Good! thought Kate, who was a little uncomfortable with being stuck like this in a small space. She had, however, noticed that the third man, who she guessed to be some sort of deliveryman as he was carrying a package, was really quite good looking, and kept on catching her eye. This was one way of meeting people! You never know, we could be stuck like this for a while....

The lift was about six feet by eight, capable of carrying many more than five, and therefore by no means cramped. Plush carpets and wood panelling made for pleasant surroundings, at least, while they made small talk. No-one answered the alarm bell for the first five minutes, and it slowly dawned on them that it may be a while before they were missed. Kate was beginning to think about what her boss would say after all, especially as she couldn't let him know what had happened. Just then, though, a crackly voice erupted from the little speaker on the panel, making them all jump.

'Hello there! Whoever's in there, I just want you to know that we'll have you out shortly. Don't panic, this has happened before, and it shouldn't take long. Just need to know you're OK...you can answer me and I'll hear, there's a microphone in the panel.'

'Well, I'm in no rush,' said the deliveryman, 'as long as you let....' He frowned at the package, 'PST Electronics know that their delivery will be late......'

The disembodied voice agreed, and Kate too gave her boss's name to him. She was really quite attracted to the man with the late delivery, who had introduced himself as 'Mike' and she found herself wondering if he was single. The youth had sat down on the floor in preparation for a long wait, so she decided to do the same herself, especially as it meant she could probably contrive to show some leg in the process, and thus find out if there was any interest there.....

Her skirt was a few inches above the knee and quite tight, so she sat down carefully, placing her coat on the floor, making the excuse that she was tired because she had just walked a long way. It was in fact fairly difficult NOT to show some leg, but she made sure she was facing Mike as she bent and stretched her legs out in front of her. The skirt wasn't quite tight enough to show the tell-tale outline of her suspender belt, and she didn't think she'd quite shown her stocking tops, but she wouldn't mind betting he was wondering about what was under her hemline!

She casually kicked off her right shoe, and rubbed her foot up and down her left shin. There was a rasp of nylon, which made the businessman look up from his paper, but he, as well as the woman and the youth, who were discussing something, looked away again. Mike, however, had his eyes fixed on her. The red-painted toenails of her foot, visible through the brown nylon, looked very sexy, and Kate was aware of this. She therefore continued to casually flex her toes, and sensually stretch out her leg. These movements began to make her aware of another problem, one she had not thought of so far. Fine, she was stuck in an elevator with someone she was attracted to, but before she was trapped like this she had intended to head for the toilets on her own floor.

This was primarily to make sure her makeup was OK, and to make sure her hair looked tidy, but at the back of her mind she had also earmarked the visit for relieving herself. This had occurred to her while she was shopping; there had already been a faint pressure on her bladder as she had bought a can of Coke in a newsagents, but as her routine always involved a visit to the ladies' room for cosmetic reasons before she returned to work anyway, she hadn't given it a second thought. Now, however, she was aware of a slow build up of pressure down below, as the fizzy drink worked through her.

Oh God! she thought to herself, How uncomfortable can you get? Stuck in a lift and needing to pee! I hope it's not long.....

Mike now sat down opposite. Probably an attempt to see further up my skirt, she thought cynically. He's not bad, though, and I can see I'm getting him steamed up... She slid her back down the wall a few inches, causing her to show slightly more of her nylon-clad thighs. She enjoyed playing these games with men, they amused her. Kicking off her other shoe, she crossed her legs in front of herself, causing another swish of nylon where her ankles crossed. Can't be too daring, can I? she thought glumly, Not with the other two boring men in here....That woman would think I'm a real tart as well.... The others were miles away, though, one reading the paper again, and the other two moaning about how it would effect their afternoon schedules.

Thirty minutes had now passed, and a crackle from the speaker suddenly heralded the news that the engineers were having trouble locating the problem. Kate's immediate reaction was worry about her office, but she rationalised that there was nothing she could do about it anyway. I'd settle for a toilet now, though, definitely, she thought. What on earth was she supposed to do? It would be difficult in such a small space not to show some agitation if her condition got much worse, and that would be embarrassing. She had been queuing up in line at a night club a few nights ago, and it had seemed like forever until a toilet had become available, but she had hung on by keeping on the move, even if only slightly, by taking about three steps back and forward every now and again. How could she do that right in front of four strangers? They'll fix it soon, she told herself optimistically, It'll be a while before I'll be at the pacing stage, anyway!

More time passed during which she chatted with her new friend. She became cramped after a while, and decided to stand up, having been sat down in one position for a good half hour now. Mike agreed and also stood up. They both stretched and Kate rearranged her clothes, smoothing down her skirt. It had become warm, and she shrugged off her suit jacket.

She knew she looked good in her tight white blouse, and she could feel Mike's eyes on her. She was sure he would ask to see her again, and she would certainly agree. There was something to be said for having been marooned here, definitely. Something about the enforced proximity to this attractive man was very arousing.....she could feel the warmth of sexual excitement in her loins, and yes, she was sure that her body was responding by making her slightly moist.

It was a deliciously naughty feeling as she stood not three feet from a man she knew hardly at all. Leaning back against the wall, she again moved one stockinged foot up and down her other calf. The movement caused a slight friction between her underwear and her now swollen and extremely sensitive labia. God, she thought, if I could keep this up, I could make myself come! The thought caused a flush to slowly make its way up her neck past her throat. Shocked that one of her fellow passengers might notice what she was doing, she stopped moving and began to try to concentrate on something else. What was it that had been bothering her before?

Ah, yes, she had needed to pee badly before she sat down, but the pressure had been slightly relieved by so doing. Good thing, too. As if conjured up by the thought, however, she felt a slight pang return to her lower abdomen, nothing serious, but a reminder. Glancing at her watch, she realised that it was now an hour and a quarter since they had boarded the lift. Thirty minutes ago the last information from the engineers. They surely had found the problem by now? Apparently not. Still silence from the crackly speaker. I hope it's soon, though, before the urge comes back, she thought.

She realised with some urgency, however, that she had been too successful in diverting her attention away from her sexual arousal. Christ, why did I have to think about peeing again? She inwardly scolded herself, as over the next twenty minutes the need to urinate returned with a vengeance, sweeping over her in waves, making her increasingly desperate. She fought each one off by shifting slightly from side to side each time and clenching the muscles in her lower abdomen as tightly as she could. She was sure it couldn't be noticed by any of the others, though, as she was managing to be very discreet.

Once, however, as she was replying to something the other woman had said, she needed to strain to clench tightly down below, and her voice changed in pitch in mid-sentence. She tried to continue as if nothing had happened, but her condition at the time caused her to instinctively bend forward very very slightly, and curtsey just a fraction of an inch. The spasm had been successfully dealt with, but recognition had dawned, she was sure, in the woman's eyes. That's that, then, she knows at least, Kate thought. How much longer before I'm really desperate and can't hide it at all? The brief look of sympathy she picked up from her female companion was no help, and she began to take stock of her situation.

She had been this bad before, but if she was, say, drinking with friends in a club, she would have excused herself by now to visit the toilets. Definitely. Long ago, in fact. Probably twice before in her life had the need to pee been this urgent. One of those times, she remembered, she had just got off an airplane, and had been bursting. At least she had been able to control it a little because of her (rapid) movement toward Customs, though, and when the Officer had enquired about her fidgeting as he inspected her documents, she had told the truth and been allowed through fairly quickly. What on earth could she do here? Accompanied by a sullen youth, a grumpy businessman, a chatty woman and a fanciable guy, in a small space with nothing to do but sit or stand still? She thought she could hold out for about another fifteen minutes, but then there would be big trouble.

Even fifteen minutes of this was not a nice thought. Her concentration was making her become withdrawn, and she could feel small beads of perspiration on her brow. The waistband of her skirt was beginning to cut into her slightly as her bladder filled up even more, and she longed to loosen it, but that would certainly give the game away. Not that anyone couldn't guess what the problem was. She found it impossible to hold any conversation, a slight frown furrowed her brow, and she had to continually lean forward a little to stifle the pain from her bladder.

Fifteen minutes, she thought again, Oh Please don't make it any longer! What do I do if it is? Wet my pants, here? That thought almost made her panic. Imagine the embarrassment! She'd have to think of something. She could come clean and confess the problem to everyone, though she didn't see how that could help. It would still mean she was desperate for relief , and had nowhere to go......someone may suggest that she squatted and went on the floor while the others turned their backs, she supposed. That still meant a huge wet patch on the floor however, and was still very embarrassing. Mike would sneak a look, as well, she thought. She had to get out of this lift and get to a toilet!

A burst of static from the speaker made everyone look up. Oh thank God, they've fixed it! thought Kate.

'Er....sorry about this, Ladies and Gents.....' began the maintenance man, 'It seems this fault caused the emergency braking system to lock on. It's something that stops the lift from falling down completely in the event of a system failure, and it was activated when you stopped. We're going to send a man down the shaft to free it manually, but I reckon on another half-hour or so yet. Everyone OK? '

There were a few more complaints from the businessman and the youth, but Kate didn't really take much notice. Absolute despair was what she felt. For a moment there she could see herself getting out of this with her dignity intact, but now, standing there as she was doing everything but dance around, she couldn't see how she could hold on for long enough. Which meant that one way or another her bladder would give way before she and her fellow travellers got out of this lift. It was just a question, she was sure, of whether she squatted and went in the corner, or wet herself.

Her female companion caught her eye again. She offered an expression of understanding and sympathy again, but Kate wondered if she could truly imagine just how bad her situation was. She couldn't possibly, she thought, without having been in a similar predicament herself. It's just an unbelievable, no-win, situation.

Mike caught the look, too. He could now guess what the problem was. Kate hardly cared now. She had to keep moving, and she took a step towards her shoes, which were still lying where she had kicked them off. Oh! How it helps to move, she thought as she nudged one of them upright with her toes, ready to slip on. The nylon of her stocking caught on the small buckle, however, and caused a slight tear. Using the excuse, Kate rapidly bent down to assess the damage. By doubling up quickly she had gained some relief, and she spent some time playing with the nylon and massaging her foot. Mike and the woman began talking about something mundane now, the others quiet. As if nothing's wrong, she thought. I wish I could just stand and chat! I'm going to have to say something here, and soon.

She straightened up, slipped on her shoes, and got ready to take the plunge. Her bladder muscles, although aching like mad, were temporarily appeased. She waited for an appropriate gap in the conversation, trying to form the words in her head. It was taking too long, though, and with the returning urge she began to panic. For the first time very unwelcome images came into her mind, as she could now really see herself wetting her pants in there. She imagined it running out into her pants.....how much would those silly skimpy things absorb before letting some through? Not much.....and then quite soon her legs would be wet, then... Oh God, it's going to happen, I know it is, she thought desperately.

She then had to hold herself, just briefly, to relieve those muscles, and she turned to the wall. Moving her hand across her stomach, she managed to incorporate into the movement a quick squeeze down there, where her lips were still slightly prominent and still sensitive from her earlier excitement. It allowed a blissful temporary feeling of relief, and as she did it her eyes strayed to her coat, still folded on the floor, giving her an idea. She bent and swept it up, folding it over one arm, and held it up against her stomach. She composed herself and turned around again. Then, nonchalantly, she allowed her other hand to hang down slightly in front of herself, where it was hidden by the cloth.

Very slowly she let it drift to her crotch, careful not to let her arm move too much and give the game away. She stiffened her four fingers, and began to rub slowly, but as hard as she discreetly could. At any other time this would have been a delicious feeling; now, it only served to put off the inevitable. Her fingers pressed tightly against her clitoris, then pushed down and inward for about two inches, pausing before repeating the motion. After a couple of minutes of this masturbation her pants - the thong type - started to become damp with her juices, a purely physiological response from her body as she felt no sexual arousal as such, concentrating as she was on holding her urine. The rubbing was a help, that was all that mattered, and she knew she dare not stop..

Mike and the woman suddenly finished their conversation, and he looked over. His eyes stared at her right forearm where it disappeared under her coat, and she glanced down to see what he was looking at. Her hand was still working away underneath, and Kate realised with a start that the muscles in her arm, continually tensing as they were, gave it away. She brought up her hand, brushing away a stray lock of hair from her eyes, and pretended nothing was amiss. She realised that her actions hadn't gone unnoticed, though, and with a reddening face she accepted this. Mike at least knew of her predicament! The sheer enormity of this shocked her bladder into peace for a moment, and with misplaced confidence she smiled at him, pretending to relax. Mike, though, couldn't let it go.

'You hot? You look a bit flushed, you know.....'

'No, I'm, er, fine. Bit fed up now with this now, though, you know.....!' She was now having to lift her heels alternately off the carpet in a steady rythym, belying her false calm.

He continued, nonchalantly looking up at the ceiling, 'I wish I was fine, I had a beer at lunch, and it's gone through me.....'

You pig, she thought, you know exactly what's wrong with me!

The woman realised what Mike had said and why, and was again sympathetic. 'Well, it's not surprising, we've been in here quite a while you know, I could use a Ladies' myself.'

Kate supposed she thought she was helping her by identifying with her problem. No-one could help her now, though; her muscles ached more and more painfully, and were beginning to spasm, and the only way to stop her pants getting wet now that she was unable to hold herself was to double up with a jerk every time it happened. After a couple of minutes of this, during which an agonising silence had fallen, the inevitable happened, and she failed to control one such spasm. A small amount of urine spurted out and was soaked up by the brief scrap of cotton which made up the front of her knickers. Straining heroically to prevent another, she was mortified to feel that a drip of moisture had soaked through, and this slowly made its way down her upper thigh to the nylon at the top of her left stocking. Oh! Please God help me control myself! she panicked.

The drop, however, became reinforced by a trickle from her sodden pants, and suddenly streaked down her thigh, past her knee and down the inside of her calf, leaving a noticeable trail. She doubled up again, and rubbed together her legs, attempting to destroy the tell-tale signs. All of her body language gave it away now though, and there could no longer be any pretence. All eyes were on her as she leant forward slightly, discarded the coat onto the floor, and folded together her hands, pressing into the front of her skirt.

'OK.....listen, you lot can probably guess, but I've got to go to the loo! I've been dying to go for the last hour, and I really don't think I can wait any longer....at this rate I'm going to wet myself, I'm really sorry!'

The businessman tutted, and Mike raised his eyebrows.

'You poor dear....' said the woman 'It must be awful, why don't you sit down again, that always helps me if I'm desperate? '

'No.....got to keep moving,' gasped Kate, biting her lip and hobbling up and down. 'Ohh.....it hurts! I don't think I can hang on, how much longer do you think it'll be?'

'Oh, a while,' said Mike, and didn't seem too disappointed.

'Squat down in the corner there if you really don't think you can wait,' her female ally said, 'We can all look the other way....'

'Aah!' cried Kate in agony, her feet suddenly beginning to beat a tattoo on the floor as she became overwhelmed with the effort, 'OK.....quick! Go over to that corner........ooh!.....turn round, hurry, I can't stop!.......' She grabbed at herself and bent double. 'Quick, or I'll wet myself, I warn you! I'm sorry but you'll just have to have a wet floor in the corner here.... Aah! ....hurry, hurry!'

Her sudden urgency had taken everyone by surprise, though, and the other two men were only just beginning to get up from the floor, as Mike just made a token half turn. It wasn't going to be quick enough! She desperately tried to stem the flow until they were all looking away, so that she could just lift up her skirt, push her knickers out of the way and GO! Dancing frantically, she had one hand on the edge of her skirt at the ready.

'Mike....please! Just turn round, I must go, now!'

She realised with horror that she would have to squat immediately or it would be too late. Her muscles were tensed as hard as she could keep them, but now a spasm made her leak again, a hot spurt jetting out into her knickers. She gasped and turned, raising her skirt slightly. Then she suddenly realised just what a view the men would have if she went any further! Stocking tops, certainly, and from behind it would look like she had no knickers on: they only consisted of a thin cord at the back, and this would be completely hidden in between her buttocks. This was impossible! She spun back round frantically, desperate but unable to prevent more urine escaping into her clothes.

'PLEASE!' she implored, 'I'm going! I can't stop! Look away and I'll go in the corner!' She was rubbing furiously at her crotch, trying to contain the damage, but she could feel with her hand that a small patch at the front of her skirt was damp, now, too, from the amount she had leaked, and she gave up waiting for any privacy.

'I told you!' she sobbed, squatting down without even pulling her skirt up. 'I said I couldn't wait! Why couldn't you turn round and let me go?' With an audible hiss she totally flooded her knickers, and the back of her skirt guided it forwards until it ran out in a small stream between her legs, splashing her ankles and shoes. Looking up, she saw that all four of her companions were staring goggle-eyed at her.

'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I held on for ages, but I'm absolutely desperate! I couldn't hang on a moment longer, it just came!' A pool formed on the floor, but she managed to stop after ten seconds or so, after which she stood up and looked down at her sodden stockings, and tried to compose herself. Her skirt had a band six inches wide at the back which was soaked, and her shoes squelched slightly, not the most dignified of situations! She couldn't hold back the tears,

'Oh, I still need to go, but I can wait a bit now. What a mess, I'm really sorry....' She sobbed.

'No problem,' said Mike, his erection obvious.

'S'OK, lady, grinned the youth.

The woman took some tissues from her handbag and offered them: 'Here, dear, clean yourself up.'

Giving her legs a perfunctory wipe, she crumpled the wad into a ball in her hand. 'It's so embarrassing, but what could I do?' she said tearfully.

###

It was another fifteen minutes until they were released, and Kate was beginning to need to go again, having only released the bare minimum of liquid when she lost control. She did manage to get to the ladies' toilets without too many people noticing that her stockings were streaked with fluid and that her skirt was drenched, however. She hoped she never saw those four people again, though! 
