In theory it ought to be almost impossible to wet your knickers while travelling with a caravan, after all, you are towing a toilet with you! Of course, on a motorway journey there are few problems as there are plenty of service stations to stop at, though traffic jams can be almost as difficult as when traveling solo. It's the smaller cross–country roads that cause the problems. Although there are pull–ins on A–roads these are often full of commercial vehicles, with no room for a car and caravan, while on many B–roads places to stop can be very few and far between. Not useful for someone with a rather weak and irritable bladder.On long trips there have been many times when I have been absolutely desperate before we could find somewhere to stop. And once stopped there is also a delay before that much needed relief while water carriers and other items stored in the caravan loo whilst traveling are removed. There have been times when that delay proved to be too long, with several damp and two very wet experiences!Typically we finally stop and my husband hops into the van and removes the bits and pieces but, as he is also often bursting he then uses the loo first, leaving me hopping about outside leaking into my knickers. The first time this happened I did manage not to obviously disgrace myself (thank goodness for skirts!) and even got my pants down in time before I wet them totally while sat on the loo. Of course in a caravan you have access to clothes so I simply grabbed a spare pair of pants from the cupboard and put the damp ones in the laundry bag.After this happened a second time I took to wearing Tena Lady pads while traveling, both to save washing and of course, little leaks no longer mattered, whether waiting to get into the caravan toilet or queuing for the Ladies at a motorway service station. Just change the damp pad and off you go– very convenient.Of course, if you lose control badly or completely the Tena Lady is useless, you still end up in soaking knickers and an embarrassing puddle. This has happened to me twice! On the first occasion we had left a campsite in a remote part of Wales quite early in the morning. Of course, I had had my usual two mugs of tea, a rather silly thing to do as it turned out and within an hour badly needed a wee. No problem this time, we found a pull–in and I used the loo. However, an hour later I needed to go again, much to my husband?s annoyance. This time there just did not seem to be anywhere to stop and I sat there in increasing discomfort, eventually informing dear husband that there was going to be a wet seat if we did not find somewhere soon.We finally found somewhere to stop some 20 minutes later, by which time my knickers were already damp and I had my legs tightly crossed. Husband went to open the van and move the junk as I gingerly got out of the car, feeling a long dribble into my already wet Tena Lady pad as I did so. The moment I stood up I knew I wouldn't make it. Two steps and I lost it completely. A hot flood filled my knickers and poured down my legs and into my sandals, forming a spreading puddle round my feet.At that point husband looks out of the van and tells me I can get in now. I just looked at him, my face flushed and angry, it's too late now, I've done it in my pants. I was so desperate I just wet myself as soon as I got out of the car. Just get me a towel! Fortunately the lay–by was deserted and I dried my legs and feet behind the van before going inside to complete the job and change into dry knickers and skirt. To be fair to hubby, he was most apologetic and it wasn't his fault that there was nowhere to stop. If I had not had the second mug of tea I would probably not have got so desperate or at least been able to hold on with no more than a leak that the Tena could have taken care of.Nor was it the first time my husband had seen me wet myself. My inability to get back home from the pub without a wee is always a source of amusement. As it involves a walk along a rural footpath this can usually be managed by squatting, but on several light summer evenings with people about the only discrete way was to sit on a grassy bank and deliberately wet my knickers. This always felt incredibly naughty and I rather liked the feel of my wet pants as we walked the rest of the way home and the sex that followed, usually with me still wearing them was most fulfilling.I have also wet the bed during sex, usually when we have gotten carried away and I just don't want to spoil it by going to the loo. I don't completely lose control but do leak badly enough to soak the sheet and, if we did not have a waterproof cover on it, the mattress as well. I like to be spontaneous and if I wet myself in the process so what and my husband does not mind the wet pants or wet sheet and my orgasms are better it I can just let go.Anyway, back to the travel problems. The second time I completely wet myself when no stopping place was available was less public and something that I suspect happens to many women at some time– I know it has to a couple of friends. I was bursting and already damp, got into the confined toilet, hitched up my skirt but, wriggling in desperation and with legs crossed, could not get my knickers down. With wee tricking down my legs I just gave in, sat on the loo and emptied my bursting bladder through my pants. Time for another towel and more clean knickers!Oh dear! Too much information!
By: Poseidon