A few weeks earlier I had played sick and stayed home to avoid an algebra test. It was now about 10:00 pm on a Wednesday, and I was in bed but couldn't sleep. I was covered in blankets and nice and warm, but not quite warm enough. I was mildly horny because of a movie I had watched before going to bed. I did not recognize the star actor, but he was hot. At one point in the movie he kissed a beautiful redhead. I must admit that during the kiss scene I was more watching the redhead than the star actor. I wished I were she. She is so hot, with such a nice body.
So there I was, lying in bed thinking of a dramatic love scene. It was just instinctive that I rub myself. I rubbed and rubbed, and got really close to climax, but did not cum. I tried it for hours, but needed something else. I needed to feel what I did a few weeks earlier. I thought of ways to clean my panties after I peed myself (like before) but none were good. With Mom and Dad home, the chance of getting caught was too great. As horny as I was, I made myself stop. I had a cigarette and blew the smoke out of the window. I decided to wait until I had the house to myself.
After a restless night, 7:00 am was finally here. As usual, Mom came in to wake me up. I told her "I feel awful. I can't make school today." Because this was only the third day of school I missed the whole year, she bought it. She brought me a big glass of orange juice and "hoped I felt better."
When I heard her and Dad talking in the hallway, I thought my plan was ruined. Mom was asking Dad if he thought he should stay home with me, because I was "so sick." By the tone in her voice, I knew she was considering it. I had to act. I slowly stumbled into the hallway and hugged them goodbye. Mom asked if I thought she should stay home. I took a big breath, and even coughed accidentally, but told her "I will be okay. I am just going to sleep all day. There is really nothing you can do for me. Thankfully, she agreed, and both her and Dad went off to work.
I pulled the blinds back and watched them both leave. They were gone; I have the house to myself. As horny as I was the night before, I was just not now. I was standing by the window in my purple cotton panties and t–shirt. Because I had planned for this all night, I really wanted to be incredibly horny. I had some ideas.
I went to my Dad's side of the bed again and took his Playboy magazines. They definitely helped. I don't know if it was the pictures or the constant rubbing of my privates, but I was HORNY. I could of cum right there, but this was too quick for my fantasy. Okay, I'll admit I did cream a little, but not enough.
I took the magazine to my room and pulled a cigarette from my backpack. With the lighter my girlfriend Melinda gave me, I lit up. I smoked and drank the orange juice mom gave me. With the cigarette in one hand and my pussy in the other, I was feeling good. But this was not good enough. I wanted to feel great. I remembered the liquor cabinet. Again, I am not a drinker, but I have heard of mixing orange juice with liquor. I went to the liquor cabinet and did just this. My orange juice was spiked, and I was feeling good.
My glass seemed to have a leak, because I needed to refill it constantly. After about an hour, I realized that it was not the glass with the leak. I moved from my desk chair to my bed. I laid back and tried to think of the best way to pee myself. Just as I was imagining my horse riding pants, the uncontrollable need struck.
There was no more time for planning. I was going to pee. I lighted up another cigarette and lay on my bed. My purple panties looked great spread across my bulging twat. I looked at them and let go. Nothing happened. You would think that since I have done this before, it would be no problem. This was not the case.
I desperately needed to pee, and I was SO HORNY, but something still kept me from letting go in my sweet purple panties. My cigarette was almost done and I had stared at the centerfold about as much as a "straight" girl can.
I pretty much gave up and lay in bed. One more cigarette and one more "spiked OJ" and I finally relaxed.
Even though I was in bed, drunk, and horny, I still needed to pee. I forgot to put the towels on the bed like I planned, but at this point It did not matter. With my panties on, and the blankets pulled aside so I can see, I pushed the pee out. Although it was as not as hard to pee myself as the first time, there was just a little making me hold my pussy. I held it as it spread warm pee all over the bed. The patch in my purple panties was the best. I don't know why, but the purple panties had the best saturation. It seemed like I peed forever, but I know it only lasted about a minute. It was one of the best minutes of my life. I leaned back, ashed my cigarette and went to sleep. Sleeping in pee–pissed panties is the Best Sleep Ever.
By: Susan Beach