Title: none given
By: Sam

I went to the local supermarket in town a couple weeks ago for a grocery run. I particularly hate shopping for food, because it's like the checker gets these insights into my personal life. Worse still is when I pay by credit card, and they call me by my name. "Will that be all, Mister Perkins? Help you to your car, Mister Perkins?" Mister Perkins is my dad. People call me Jim, or Perk, or Hey You...just don't call me late for dinner and I'm happy. Ha! But, a guy's gotta eat, so I go to the store and buy food. I always feel kind of guilty about it, like I'm paying someone else to do my dirty work. But on this particular Saturday I was out of food and hungry, so I went to the store.

In addition to the food, it was time to buy some more kitty litter for my old retired tom cat, Thomas. Thomas has been my faithful
companion for nearly half my life, and he's getting a little too old to throw him out in the snow when he needs to go to the bathroom, so I put up with the inconvenience of a sandbox, buying the litter in fifty pound bags.

I bought and paid for my stuff cringing at the "Thanks for shopping with us, Mister Perkins," from the toady checker. The bag
girl, a very pretty young girl with straight blonde hair, put my stuff in the cart and started pushing it out ythe door. "Let me help you to your car with this stuff, Mister Perkins," she said. Something about the way she said it...
But, Perk ain't short for perceptive.

"I can get it," I said. "It's no trouble."

She didn't even slow down. "Oh, c'mon," she said over her shoulder. "Take it easy. Relax. Let someone else do the hard work
for a change."So I was maybe a little torqued, but I let her push the cart out to my car. I had to sort of admire her shape, light blue slacks, barely tight enough to show the outlines of her panties underneath. The red store vest she wore revealed a slim waist, and a pretty white blouse under it. Not very tall, about five foot five. She turned to look at me and smiled as we got to my car. "I love these old Mustangs," she said. "I want to get one myself one day."

"It's okay," I said. Not much makeup, just bright red lipstick.
And she "loves" my car. I popped open the trunk and we started putting the groceries inside. I'd put the bag of kitty litter on the little tray beneath the cart, and before I could stop her she bent over and wrestled it out from under the cart and lifted it up. Aside from the lovely display of her butt sticking up in the air (lovely indeed), it was the wrong way to lift a heavy object.

"Whoo!" she exhaled as she lifted the bag up, then she suddenly gasped and set the bag on the edge of my trunk, breaking it open and spilling kitty litter all over the ground and into the trunk of my car. She backed away from my car, bent over slightly at the waist and placing her hands in her stomach. I looked from her to my car back to her, to see a wet stain spreading down the insides of her thighs. She looked at the ground as a puddle formed between her white sneaker clad feet. She turned around so she was facing away from me, showing the wetness spreading upwards past the double crotch panel of her panties, wicking upward in the light blue fabric of her slacks. She turned back to me, face red, tears brimming. "I-I-I'm sorry."

All I felt was afraid that she'd injured herself somehow. Hernias are not exclusive to males, and a bad lift can cause all kinds of crazy back problems. "Are you okay?" I asked. She bent her head and put her hand on my arm, nodding. I realised I could still hear pee hissing into her pants. Slowly it stopped, and she looked back up at me. She shook her head and tossed her hair back.

"I'll be alright. It's just a little accident." She inhaled deeply, then sighed. "I'm really sorry about spilling kitty litter all over your car. Let's go back inside and I'll get you a new bag." 
So I followed her back into the store. Her butt was soaked, the insides of
her thighs were soaked, she had occasional wet patches sticking to her legs below her knees, and her sneakers left wet footprints as she squish squished across the asphalt into the store. We walked inside and she immediately caught a manager, to whom she spoke for a moment. He looked at me and nodded, and as he walked my way she walked into a private room at the front of the store, smiling and waving at me before she closed the door. The manager, a tall fat bald guy came over and gave me the fish eye.

"I'm sorry about Louise's accident," he said. "Let's get you a new bag of kitty litter."

I walked with him back to the kitty litter, hoisted a fifty pound bag over my shoulder, and he escorted me out to my car. He judiciously avoided stepping in the girl's puddle as he surveyed the pile of spilt litter on the ground behind my car and inside my trunk. He offered to have someone clean my trunk, but I declined. I locked up my car and went to another store in the little shopping complex to buy some other things.

As I browsed the hardware store I found myself thinking about the girl's accident. Sure, she was a very pretty girl, beautiful being not too strong a word, and very sexy. I love long soft hair, color not important, but corn silk blonde very aceptable. And friendly and self assured, witness her bright smile and waving to me before she went into the front office at the store. Great taste in cars. And she peed in her pants. She wet her panties. She had an accident right in front of me and anyone else lucky enough to have been in the parking lot at the time. And she wasn't too upset about it. Most girls I have seen wet their pants immediately ran out of sight, sobbing. Louise, eh? That's sure a pretty name.

Now me, there's not so much there to interest such a pretty girl. All kinds of things to talk about with her, and all I can do is stand
there looking stupid. Oh well, I'll have precious memories...I wandered the hardware in a daze for a few minutes, inadvertently
stumbled across what I was looking for, bought it and left. As I got close to my car I saw a red Camaro parked next to my Mustang with someone inside. As I got closer I saw it was the wet pants bag girl. "Well hi there," I said."Hi," she lilted musically. "I just wanted to apologize...for spilling sand all over your car. It was really stupid of me, trying to lift that heavy bag like that."

"Don't worry about it! I'm just glad you're not hurt!" She laughed. "No. I'm fine. I just got sent home for the day." "You're not going to get in trouble for this, are you?"

She shook her head. "No, I just didn't have any clean clothes to wear, and I can hardly handle food for people wearing wet pants. I was almost done for the day anyways." She rolled her eyes. "My mom's probably gonna kill me, though."

"Your mom?"
"She's sort of my roommmate. She'll be home when I get there, and I'll have to explain coming home two hours early with my pants all wet."

"I live just a couple miles out of town. If you want, you could come out and wash your clothes before you go home." Even as I said it, though I was just trying to be helpful, I realized what it sounded like and felt my face getting bright red.
But before I could retract it or even reach maximum embarassment, she smiled widely and started her car and revved the engine. "You wanna race?" she asked.

"Okay!" I said, throwing my hardware package into my car and jumping in. I lit off two hundred and eighty nine cubic inches of Ford Motor Company's finest and left two strips of Toyo radial smoking in the parking lot. A grin that felt like my head was gonna split would not leave my face as I watched her catch up with me.Being an ordinarily responsible young man, college graduate with a good job in my field, I kept my speed at an appropriate level for in town traffic.

I kept telling myself, she's just a friendly girl, guileless, innocent, fresh, trusting, and maybe all she wants to do is be happy and get her pants cleaned so she doesn't have to explain wetting her pants to her mother. Then again, maybe she really was a sexy little thing, turned on by the wetness in her panties, eager to jump on my large, rangy bones. Whatever, if nothing else I would get a friend out of the deal, and beautiful sexy young women can make good friends to have. So...

I made it home without having an accident of my own, a considerable hazard although my bladder was not particularly full. Louise was right behind me. When we got out of our cars, I saw that the stain in her pants was not nearly as well defined, just sort of a gradual change in color from light to dark blue. "You know," she said as she helped me gather my groceries from my trunk, "It's only right you should help me out. Cos this is kind of your fault too."

"How do you figure?"

"Well..."

"No, wait, I accept full responsibility. What do you want me to do?"

"Just wash my pants and my underwear and we'll call it even."

By now we were inside, my groceries on the kitchen counter. "I will wash your pants and underwear," I said as she moved into my arms, smiling up at me.

"Oh, rats," she said, putting her finger on her lower lip,

"There's just one small problem."

"What's that?"

"What'll I wear while you're washing my clothes?"


"I can think of something."

"Actually, I have an idea. Mom always tells me, nice girls always wear clean underwear. I can leave my underwear on, you can wash my pants in your washer, then we can wash my underwear? That way I don't have to take it off?"

Enough said. She stripped to her pink cotton bikini panties in the bathroom, throwing her soiled pants out the door for me. I tossed them in the washer, turned it on, then stopped in my bedroom for a little protection on my way back to the bathroom. When I went in Louise was sitting on the edge of the tub wearing only her panties, dabbling her feet as the tub filled with water.

"I hope you have lots of soap," she said. "I've started to dry and my panties smell pretty yucky." So, after spending about 2 seconds removing all my clothes, I got in the tub, set her down in the water, and proceeded to scrub her panties very thoroughly. Alas, at some point we both agreed that she was still a nice girl even if she took them off.

So it was a nice naked girl I was lying next to the next morning.

Unlike many past sexual experiences, with her I knew exactly who she was and the circumstances of our being together the instant I woke up. She sort of sighed and snuggled in next to me, I kissed her forehead and she opened her eyes and smiled brightly. "Hi Jim," she said.

"Good morning Louise," I said. "Very good morning."

She had sort of an impish expression. "My panties are still wet. You forgot to put them in the dryer."

"Bummer."

"So, unless you happen to have a pair of size five bikini panties, clean and dry, laying around the house, I need to get home so I can get ready for work."

"Ouch! Reality!"

"I'm sorry Jim, but...I want to do this again."

"So do I."

"Tonight? I'm off work at three this afternoon."

"I would be very happy to see you here at three-oh-five," I said.

"I'm very sure it will be my pleasure."

And, as it turned out, it was my pleasure as well.
For the first week, we were just a couple of horny kids getting an itch scratched. She wasn't the first girl I'd had by a long shot, but she was one of the prettiest, and certainly the most pleasant to be around with her joyful personality and constant bright smile. And she'd had past boyfriends, although she claimed I was the first one that hadn't dumped her imediately after taking her to bed. Which lowered my estimation of the intelligence of the male half of the species considerably.
We had nothing to hide from anybody, so the next weekend we set it up to meet each other's parents. My folks lived about a three hour drive away, so we had dinner with them Saturday afternoon.

She charmed my mom and dad from the start, as I knew she would. They're pretty mellow anyhow, and Louise was the sort of girl you just liked instantly. To my extreme pleasure, she wore a very very short little dress, the kind with straps at the top with a t-shirt underneath. Sexy, but innocent in a way. A tiny bit hard to deal with, getting these continual white cotton panty flashes through the meal and afterwards. Not that she was un-ladylike in any way, she was just obviously trying to make me crazy.

We're a pretty casual family, and I had a commitment to my dad to help him with some automotive work after dinner, and Louise was perfectly comfortable to sit and chat with my mom, who insisted on leaving the dishes for me and Dad to wash when we got finished with our auto repairs. So Dad and I fixed a car, came in and washed dishes, then we all sat in the front room by the fire for a while before Louise and I had to get headed home. I was wearing just a pair of old black sweatpants and a t-shirt. I quit wearing underwear years ago, a fact that sort of fascinated Louise. I was soon to gain some insight into that particular issue.

We were sitting around the fire, me and Louise and Mom and Dad, and as the conversation lagged Louise walked over and sort of put her arms around me and sat in my lap. It was just a friendly act, a "I'm his gal and he's my fella" sort of thing, not particularly sexual. However, her tiny dress and my lack of underclothing meant there were only two layers of fabric between her warm round soft butt and my increasingly unsoft pecker.

Suddenly I felt really strange, as if I had come in my pants or something. I nearly got rid of Louise to excuse myself to the bathroom, but she chose that moment to snuggle in closer to me, all the while talking to my parents about working in the grocery store, grinding the cleft of her panty clad ass against my turgid male member. I felt another short burst of...wetness! From above! Louise was sitting in my lap, peeing in her panties. Easy for her to do, her dress would cover her indiscretion. As for me...suddenly it all became clear. Lousie had suggested I wear the black sweats, my oldest and grungiest, since I'd be working on my dad's car. In the low light of the front room, the wet stains would never show. I had little to contribute to the conversation, though, as my mind was about as far away from my parents as it could possibly get.
Louise must have noticed my inclinations (polite way to put it) because she was the one to start with the "Oh, gee, look at the time..."

And so we were on our way out the door. My initial thought was, she had some fun with me, peeing on my lap like that. I'll have some fun with her and pretend to be pissed off (or is that pissed on?). Payback's a bitch, ain't it. But I couldn't. For one thing, the front of my sweats was barely damp, just enough so there was no doubt she had pissed on me. For another, hell, might as well admit it, I'd have an easier time tearing my own eyeballs out with a rusty hayfork than being cross with Louise. As we walked out to my truck in the cool evening I grabbed her around the shoulder and pulled her close. "Knucklehead!"
I whispered.

"Knucklehead?"

"You sat in my lap and peed on me."

"Oh."

"Oh? You urinate on your boyfriend, and all you can say is 'Oh?'"

"Well? I'm sorry?"

"I'm not angry."

"I didn't think you were." We got in my truck and started driving home.

"Why did you do it?" I asked.

"I blame my mother."

"You blame your mother?"

"Her and my older sister Shania."

"Shania? What the hell sort of name is that? Excuse the swearing."

"Well, it's my sister's name. She's...your age, actually. Tall and very beautiful. I never mentioned her before because I'm afraid of
her. I like you a lot, and I think you're a pretty good guy, but Shania could steal you from me in a heartbeat."

"Louise..."

"No, you've never met her. She's very brash and straightforward.

But anyway, back to wetting myself on your lap. The first day we met, I wet myself, just a week ago. Tonight I did too, just a little. So, how many times have I wet myself in the past week? Tell me."

"Well, twice?"

"Not! Try...lemme see...I don't know. Ten times?"

"In the past week?"

"Something like that."

"Are you okay?"

"Aside from a mild inclination toward diaper rash, I'm fine."

"But why..."

"I like it. You like it too, obviously. I just like the feeling of having my underwear damp. Well, I just love underwear. Soft,
pretty panties, I instantly feel good the second I put them on. All day long, feeling them on me, touching me in my most intimate places, so soft, so pretty, it turns me on! No other way to explain it. And I've always felt that way. Now, lots of girls like pretty undies, nothing odd about that. But where I'm different, all my life as a girl growing up, I always had this routine. I'd come home from school and take a bath. First, I'd take off my underwear, panties and undershirt or brassiere, stockings or pantyhose or socks, whatever I was wearing, slip too, and wash it all by hand in the bathroom sink. It's something I just did all my life. Get home from school, wash my underwear. Then take a bath. It never made sense, because mom always washed it in the washing machine, it was just a habit.

One day I got home from school, went through the whole routine, and got in the tub, and noticed my panties on the floor by the tub. Still dry. I'd dropped them and hadn't noticed not washing them. No sweat, though, I just picked them up and dunked them in the tub and washed them in the bath. On a whim, I put them on. It was like magic! I was just barely
eighteen, and still pretty naive about the ways of the world. Mom had explained to me all about sex, but I never knew I was supposed to feel this way. It was great. I used a bar of soap and truly masturbated myself for the first time in my life, and I had this reaction, it was almost like a seizure. I splashed water all over the floor and I'm sure I peed in my panties, not that you'd notice because they were soaked from the bath." She was quite agitated by all this description and she stopped talking suddenly, breathing heavily.

"And you've been pissing on yourself ever since, eh?" I said.

"Please, Jim, don't say it like that. It's not at all nasty. Actually it's quite clean. I'm very clean, myself. I drink a lot of water, so my urine's not very smelly, and I change and wash regularly. For me, it's like the moment. Right now, my panties are wet, but I'm
not real happy about it. I don't have to go all that badly, and I don't feel like doing it in my pants. If I were sitting in your lap,
or better still, astraddle one of your legs, I'd probably wet myself again. When a guy is involved, touching me, making me feel sexy, especially with my panties on, I really want to pee in them.

Otherwise, if I feel I can do it and get away with it, having dry panties always makes me want to get them wet. But, once I do, once they've started to dry a little, I start feeling kind of sticky and yucky...hopefully I'll be able to masturbate or at least really enjoy my wet panties before I get to that stage, but once I do, I want to wash and change. I like being wet, but I don't like being wet, smelly and sticky."

"So, Louise, we've got a long drive in front of us. Do you want me to stop somewhere so you can clean up?"

"Thank you, Jim. You're not mad I wet on you?"

"No. You planned it from the start, though, didn't you?"

"I've been waiting for the chance to somehow tell you about this since I met you. I knew, in the parking lot, you liked me wetting my pants, I just didn't know how to let you know I liked it too."

"It just takes some getting used to."

"Well."

"Um, I think about it, there are a whole lot of associated things this might involve."

"I know, and the answer is, the only thing I really like to do and do with any frequency is wet my pants. I have been accident prone all my life, and if I'm doing something important, where I don't want to wet my pants, I'll wear a very light and discreet diaper. Lots of girls do. I bought a pack of diapers a year ago, and I've worn one diaper out of the package three times. If I don't use it, for it's intended purpose, I keep it for later. As for the others, well, I have made a few messes in my pants, and it's not at all bad at the moment they happen, but I definitely want to clean up immediately after. And,once a month, of course, I do the woman thing, and do what I have to to stay tidy."

"Hmm. That about covers it."

"It doesn't tell me what you feel."

"What I feel is I want to support you in any way I possibly can. You choose to express your sexuality by peeing your pants, and that's cool with me. I would choose the same thing for you. I love it, because you love it and I find it very sexy."

"Well!"

"But, first, I like you. I like you a lot, and I'd say I'm in love with you if I was sure I could do it without frightening either of
us away. Wetting your pants, that's a part of you, and a damn sexy part, but that's all it is, just a part. And it's not what makes me
feel about you the way I do." And that's the truth!

