Title: Gillian's Biggest Mistake
	Short Story (F, ws)
by Thomas (WebAdmin)

Another of my own – the only one I’ve had time to finish...

Gillian sighed as she watched another punter drive away in his little `penis extension' - she'd seen more brands of car than most people ever did since beginning her new job at a Filling Station that morning. The Manager had shown her the ropes: how to switch on a pump as a car arrived; how to operate the till and the Credit Card terminal; how to restock the shelves and how to lock up "In case anyone suspicious worries you" he had said. 

"Fat chance!" Gillian had suggested to him, unable to imagine any devious robbery taking place in _her_ home village! The idea was preposterous. 

"Just don't leave the till unattended - ever," had been the reply. That was at the beginning of the late-morning shift, since when Gillian had met two of the other cashiers and what seemed like a million dimwits incapable of deciding how to pay for their fuel, or unable to open their wallets.  Now she was alone, the Manager having left at 17:00 to take his wife out to dinner for their anniversary, or somesuch. One of the other cashiers had  completed her shift at 12:00, the other taking over and due to work with Gillian until her shift ended at 20:00. The company operated a policy of double-manning during busy hours, it had been explained, to allow for legally needed breaks and `difficult' customers. 

Steve, the other cashier presently rostered on, was dipping the tanks to prepare the garage's order for a fuel delivery the following day. Gillian smiled as a woman in a baggy cardigan shouted at the child in her car to shut up, missing the crucial moment when she should have stopped filling the tank in order to purchase exactly ten pounds worth of petrol. As the woman strode angrily in to the mini-shop, Gillian averted her eyes to avoid laughing at the woman's mistake. 

Having dealt with the transaction, Gillian waited for Steve to return. She could see him wiping off the dipper on the CCTV monitor covering the car wash at the rear of the forecourt and building. 

At last Steve came back in, filling Gillian's nostrils with a smell of petrol as he brushed past her in the cramped space behind the counter to get to the staff toilet. 

After what seemed like an age to Gillian as she gradually became more bored by the lack of custom, Steve noisily unlocked the toilet door. He staggered out, literally bounced off the opposite wall and somehow arrived at Gillian's post still upright. "I feel really awful," he announced, "I'm gonna have to go home. I think the petrol in tank four is contaminated - it smells dreadful. Bloody good thing I walked in today, I couldn't drive home. You'll be alright, won't you? You're coping okay, and Joanna'll be here at eight when you should be knocking off." 

"Are you okay? I mean, do you want me to call someone?" Gillian asked, concern spreading over her face. 

"No, no. I'll take it up with the boss next time I'm in, I think I'll be alright. But you'll have to shut down the pumps feeding off tank four." 

"Well okay," Gillian decided, "but I'm only supposed to work until eight," she added, worried what her boyfriend might say about her missing the date they had arranged to celebrate her getting the job. 

"Well then you'll get overtime. Look, I'm really sorry, this is gonna put me to bed. I must go." He took his jacket from the staff room and started unsteadily towards the door. Talking over his shoulder, he asked Gillian "Is that okay? Joanna's really nice, you'll like her." 

"Take care," Gillian replied, rushing to catch up with him to open the door.

As Steve hobbled across the forecourt, Gillian sat back on her stool behind the counter and wondered how to combat the mind-numbing boredom. Absentmindedly she picked up a packet of chewing gum and threw a few pence in the till by way of payment. 

After a long time just sitting with her head resting on her arms, Gillian remembered the problem with thank four. Referring to the manual for the petrol company's till system, she carefully shut down each of the pumps using that tank, hoping a message would be displayed as described on the electronic screen at each affected pump. Just to make sure, she popped out to check the nearest one. Having completed her duty, she returned to her vigil at the cash desk. 

Eventually a car pulled in, giving Gillian something to watch as the elderly driver fussed around his windscreen, wiping the wiper blades and screen, before selecting the fuel type he required. Gillian's first action of work since switching off tank four, bashing the `Supply' button on her till, switched on the pump and allowed the man to refill his car. 

The high action on the forecourt woke Gillian's sleepy mind, and caused her to notice that she needed to empty her bladder. "It's very strange," she thought to herself, "the way you don't have to go for so much longer when you're in a new place." Gillian's shift had started at 10:00, since when she'd had lunch and a snack. With both she had opened a bottle of coke; she'd brought one from home, but the Manager had said that all staff could buy at cost any item the garage sold, hence she had drunk rather more by that point in the late afternoon than her bladder was likely to appreciate if it had to contain it indefinitely. 

She toyed with the idea of asking the elderly gentleman if he would look after things for her, but before she could even formulate her question, never mind pluck up the courage to tell a complete stranger she was needing a pee, the tank was full, and he'd arrived to pay. 

"Hello there!" he said cheerfully as he extracted a credit card from his wallet, "you're new aren't you?" 

"Yes, hello. Do you use this garage regularly?" she heard herself reply while she swiped the card. 

"All the time. My wife and I are retired, so we travel quite a lot." 

"Just sign there please," Gillian requested, nodding, offering a pen. 

"You look very young for looking after the cash?" the old man continued to want to talk. 

"You'd be surprised!" Gillian's eyes twinkled. "Would you believe I'm nineteen?" She continued in her mind "Gives you an ego trip does it, talking to a beautiful teenager?" 

"If I was twenty years young..." Possibly due to her increasing discomfort, Gillian scowled at him, breaking the `Customer is always right' rule. "Really? Right, thanks then, see you again," the gentleman corrected himself. Once the old man had given his thanks and left, she walked round the counter to choose a newspaper to read from the small unsold pile. Standing caused her to need to go more, but she ignored the feeling and settled back onto the stool to read the tabloid's lead story. 

No sooner had she completed a paragraph of drivel than she had to press the supply button again as a new customer arrived to buy fuel. Watching him shiver by his car, Gillian realised that she was going to have to wait to empty her bladder until her boyfriend arrived at 20:00, when he was supposed to pick her up. Checking her watch nervously, not wishing to know how long she would be in the situation, she was shocked to discover it was already 17:00. "Three hours is piss easy!" she said to herself, before giggling at the pun. 

A stream of cars arrived in the following minutes, keeping Gillian busy as she allowed petrol to be dispensed, and took payment. Several customers purchased newspapers, until the one she had been readying was the last. "Damn!" she cried as the last customer left, "If I sell this I'm going to have nothing to take my mind off my bladder! Sod." Nevertheless, the Manager's words "The customer's always right," came back to her, so she replaced the paper in the rack. 

The ensuing brief lull in the flow of customers allowed Gillian to notice just how desperate she had become as she had worked through the queue. She sat as still as she could on the stool, but couldn't avoid fidgeting by swinging her legs under the counter. She was less certain that she could wait the two and a half hours now remaining. The quiet period allowed her, in her opinion, too much time to consider her predicament. "Perhaps," she mused, "I could just nip out the back. It'd only take me a minute, and I could leave the door open a crack to listen for customers... Nah, I ought to be able to wait, and someone's bound to arrive just as I get my knickers down." Again she giggled; the thought of what the Manager would say to her serving a customer while half naked was really quite exciting. 

Gillian continued to wriggle as she tried to control her bladder. A couple of times she stood up and strode around the small shop, up and down the single aisle, swearing at herself for her stupidity, and trying to build up the courage to leave the till briefly and relieve herself. She convinced herself that she _had_ to go to avoid wetting herself, and was just preparing to shut down the till when a car pulled in. 

She stood to serve the man as he came in from filling his car, but had to shift her weight from foot to foot as her bladder complained at the treatment it was receiving - the feeling was getting worse, and Gillian could feel her jeans pressing slightly on her swollen abdomen. 

The customer chose the paper and a chocolate bar, Gillian all the while trying to avoid fidgeting in his sight. Finally he came to the counter. 

"Pump three please," he asked. Despite her discomfort, Gillian couldn't help feeling angry at the stupidity of such a statement, when the man was the only customer. Having processed his credit card, the man suddenly turned away, and looked at the bottled soft drinks on display. "Better have something with me," he explained, as if Gillian cared, especially in her state, "it's a long way home tonight! Matter of fact, do you have toilets here?" he asked. 

"Pretty bloody typical!" Gillian said under her breath, then louder "Round the back, by the..." Just as she spoke, her bladder seemed to go into a spasm, making her bend double as the pain stressed her tortured muscles. 

The customer looked at her in surprise. "Are you okay?" he queried. 

"I, er, have to pee. Christ I have to go!" Gillian replied through gritted teeth, clenching her legs and twisting her hips while trying to keep the tops of her thighs tightly together. 

"Well go then!" the man replied, "Why don't you have someone else here to cover for this sort of thing?" 

"He had to go home ill," Gillian managed to say, straightening up as the pressure eased slightly. "I'll be okay, I'm relieved... soon, by the next shift." An uneasy silence ensued as the man watched her slow gyration behind the counter. "Do you want anything else?" Gillian changed the subject, desperately clamping her thighs together. "No?" she pressed a button on the credit card machine. "Sign here then, please." 

"Thank you," the man hesitated, "are you... just going to stand there?" he eventually asked. 

"Don't worry about me," Gillian lied, wishing he would offer to cover the till. 

"Well okay, thanks." The man conspicuously walked round to the rear of the shop building before he left. 

Again Gillian started to stride the shop, trying not to think about the man relieving himself just a few feet from her. She actually found that quite easy, never able to think about anything other than her bladder when she needed to piss badly. "I'm bursting!" she sobbed, emphasising the description to the packets of sweets surrounding her. "Why am I _doing_ this to myself? Nobody'd mind if I went to the loo! Oowwww..." 

Somehow she managed to last another quarter of an hour, spending most of that time hopping, cross-legged, until another customer arrived. This time the customer was female, "Probably only five years older than me," Gillian decided despite her condition. The girl was wearing a playsuit despite the increasingly cold evening, evidently on her way to or from a date with some lucky boyfriend, Gillian hypothesised. 

After an eternity in Gillian's opinion, the customer's car was refuelled. 

She had made her mind up, so as the customer came in to the shop Gillian tried to calm down enough for her voice to be airy as she spoke. The girl walked straight to the cash desk and smiled at Gillian, who began to feel less confident in the face of an unexpected genuine pleasantry from a customer. 

"Could I ask a really big favour of you?" Gillian asked levelly, although imagining herself to have begged. 

"Oh, I don't do favours, merely lend myself to assist others for a while," was not the response Gillian had had in mind, but she couldn't back out now, even if she thought her bladder could have allowed it. 

"Please, I _really_ have to pop to the loo," Gillian dived in, feeling the moment approaching when the conversation would be irrelevant. "Could you just hang around a minute while I, er, do? I'd be really grateful!" 

"I can see that!" the customer smiled, confirming to Gillian that she would have to practice hiding her desperation if she were ever to be left alone at the garage again. "Go on, off you go, it happens to us all." 

Gillian needed to no encouragement, and scampered, without taking noticeable strides, to the staff toilet behind her. She sighed deeply as she was able to relax, after the torture she had been through for the sake of a new job. 

In her hurry, she had neglected to close the door properly, and was aghast as she rinsed her hands that the customer called out to her "Is that better? Why don't you have double manning?" 

Gillian returned sheepishly to the counter. She had difficulty meeting the gaze of the source of her salvation, her eyes settling on the girl's chest. "Thank you. He had to go home ill," was the only thing she would be drawn to on the topic. 

The girl seemed to want to continue to talk as she handed over a bank card. "Does that happen often to you? Shouldn’t you find a solution, or drink less!" Gillian joined in a short laugh, but tried to keep her mind fixed on processing the payment and not the fact that she wanted to hug the girl for her help. "You're very reticent, did I say something out of place?" asked the girl as she signed her receipt. 

"I'm just not used to discussing my toiletry habits with a stranger," Gillian found herself replying. "It just got on top of me. It won't happen again, I assure you!" 

"No, I suppose it probably won't." The customer seemed almost downcast, but Gillian dismissed the thought as a product of her relieved body and mind. She completed the payment and thanked the customer again. With a smile, the girl left. 

As the hours passed, Gillian continued to serve the few customers that required fuel, leaving her to ponder the stupid situation she had allowed to develop simply because she had not dealt with the problem immediately. 

Her shift was due to finished at 20:00, when her boyfriend was due to pick her up for their planned celebration. Also at 20:00, another member of staff was due to arrive to relieve Steve. Joanna, the most experienced cashier along with Steve, arrived a couple of minutes early. Gillian explained Steve’s illness to her, and then broached the question of her own relief.

“So, can I go home anyway? I’ve coped on my first day on my own, so I hope you’ll let me - my boyfriend’s due to come and pick me up.” Gillian tried her utmost to persuade Joanna.

“Yes, okay, I see your point. But you should stay, do you realise the overtime you could earn?” Joanna reasoned.

“Oh, look!” Gillian responded, “there’s his car. Do you mind?” 

“Oh go on then!” Joanna relented in a mocking voice. “Don’t forget to fill in your timesheet,” she called after Gillian’s already diminishing figure, bounding out to the car.

Gillian wanted to tell her boyfriend about her first day, including the torture she had gone through for some reason she could no longer quite recall. They laughed as he drove back over her silly insistence that she should wait for no obvious reason.

“You’ll have to be more careful in future,” he told her at one point.

“It’s the biggest mistake I’ve ever made,” Gillian responded, shaking her head at the foolishness of her feat against nature.


