Trying To Break The Record
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 25th, 2010 at 5:51PM

Once again, i'll just catch you up in case you haven't read any of my stories. Alec is my boyfriend, I met him on a plane while I was extremley desperate. We started dating and discovered with both love desperation. So here's a story from a little while ago.

One day, Alec stayed over at my house, after he came home from work.

The next morning, when we were sitting in bed, we began to talk. "So what's the longest you've ever held it?" Alec asked me. "About fifteen hours." I said. "That's it? My record is twenty-six hours." He said. "That's crazy. We should try to beat it." I said. "Want to?" He asked. "Sure." I said. "Okay, twenty-seven hours of non-stop holding begins at noon." He said. "Twenty-seven?" I asked. "Well yeah, you have to beat it by an hour, twenty-six hours and five minutes doesn't count." He said. "Okay" I said and smiled.

At 11:59A.M I went to the bathroom, made sure I got all the liquid out of my system. He did the same. It was pretty weird to think I wouldn't pee until the next day at three. Or at least I hoped I wouldn't.

The next twelve hours were a breeze, neither of us had to pee at all. But we were careful not to drink to much of anything. We both went to bed about midnight, I layed in bed and felt the urge. But I ignored it and fell asleep rather quickly.

I woke up and I had to pee pretty bad. I got up and quickly walked to bathroom and then remembered the challenge. I sighed in annoyance and sat back on the bed. Alec awoke and did the same thing. We sat on the bed and spoke for a while. "Wanna go somewhere?" He asked. "I don't know. I don't wanna pee myself in my car or in front of people." I said. "We won't, we practice holding it. We'll go up to that nice mall, that's like an hour and a half away. This is what I did when I broke the record, I did stuff to keep my mind off of it." He said. "Maybe your right, let's go." I said. We got dressed and hopped in the car. 

I drove. I made sure to drive slowly. Nothing was worse then a bumpy car ride when your bladder was full. We were both restless during the drive their, but it really wasn't that bad.

We arrived at the mall at about ten. 'Only five more hours.' I thought. 

After shopping for an hour, I was desperate. I told Alec that we should sit down, and go to lunch or something. Just to give our bladders a break. 

He agreed and we went into a restraunt in the mall. I sat down in the booth and crossed my legs. I heard his foot tapping as the waiter took out orders. We both ordered meals and just a water, nothing that would increase the desperation. I wouldn't have even ordered a drink but I hadn't had anything since the day before, I was so thirsty.

At the end of lunch it was 12:15. Just over twenty-four hours since our last pee. We paid the bill and slowly made our way back into the mall. Every foot step I took seemed to make the pressure worse. 

We were holding hands. Every few minutes one of us would squeeze the others hand, trying desperatley to hold in the flood. It was more difficult to hold it in public, because you tried to make it unnoticiable. But it was also more distracting, you would talk to people and keep yourself occupied.

At around one, we turned a corner into a store and an insane wave of pressure hit me, I had never been so desperate in public. I tried to squeeze Alec's hand just to keep my mind off of it, but I could feel the pee just about to escape from my bladder. I ran to a nearby bench and sat down. I crossed my legs and the pain lowered. "Did you let any go?" He asked me quietley. "No, but that was close. Maybe we should start driving home. We would get home right around the twenty-seven hour mark." I said. "Okay." He said. He stood up but immediatley sat down. "We better hurry to the car, standing is becoming too difficult." He said.

We speed walked to the car. He drove this time. Sitting let up on the pressure a little, but not much.

After we had been driving an hour, we hit traffic. He was bouincing up and down in his seat, as was I. Neither of us could keep still. The car didn't move. Their was about ten miles of traffic ahead of us. I moaned in pain as another wave of pressure attacked my bladder. I had no choice but to hold myself.

Since he didn't really need to drive, he held himself to. The only good thing about this was how much it turned on the both of us. Not only did we ourselves have to go, but to watch each other squirm drove us crazy. We always had amazing sex after we reileved ourselves after being desperate.

After another fifteen minutes I felt the water from lunch start to pour into my bladder. If my hand wasn't firmly pressed against my downstairs, I would have pee'd myself. I knew my chances of making it another hour were extremley slim. 

I looked over at Alec to see him moaning and squirming in pain. "I don't think I can do this, i've never had to go this bad." He said. I felt bad for him, he was obviously in more pain than myself. Every few minutes he would hold his breathe and grab himself tightly as little wet spots formed on his shorts.

After another five minutes of him moaning and bouncing up and down, I saw a tear roll down his cheek. "Alec, just go. We'll try again another time." I said. "No, I can do this." He said. 

Thirty seconds later, traffic began to move, We were almost home, and only had fourty-five minutes until we broke the record.

Not even two minutes later he moaned again and his eyes widened. Another tear fell out of his eyes. He must have really been in pain. "I can't, I have to go now." He said. "Pull over then, it's fine." I said. "Theirs cops everywhere. Grab me a bottle or something!" He said. I looked around and found an empty coke bottle. "Here, pull over." I said. 'I can't even move. Undo my pants. Please it hurts so bad." He said whimpering. I immediatley undid his zipper. I lowered his boxers as a huge gush of pee shot up towards me.

He quickly grabbed himself to stop the flow. I moved his hand and tried to position the bottle in the right place, but his penis was so swollen. "Baby, hurry please." He said. I got the bottled over what I thought was his pee hole. "Go ahead." I said. He didn't do anything. "You can pee now, go ahead." I said. "I want to break the record so bad." He said. He was still driving. We were going over sixty miles per hour. "Alec, just go. This can't be could for you, everything is so swollen." I said. "No, I can make-" He began to say, but as he did and I felt a squirt of pee hit the top of the bottle. He tried to stop but just gave in. He moaned in reilefe, and pleasure. He then managed to pull over and hold the bottle himself. I then remembered how badly I needed to go. But I wanted to try and have the new record. 

I looked back at the bottle thirty seconds later to see it was full. "Screw it." He said. He got out of the car and went onto the grass. The sound of his pee hitting the ground killed me. 

Five minutes later I heard his last drops of pee fall to the grass. He got back in the car. I could see he still had a huge erection. He began to kiss me and feel me up. We made our way into the back seat. "Wait, I can't while have to go so bad. Just wait ten more mintues until three." I said. "Kay." He said. 

At exactly three I jumped out of the car and ran behind a tree. He follwed me. I squated and had the best piss of my entire life. It felt amazing, and now I understood why he wanted to have sex so bad.

When I was finished, we ran back to the car and got in the back seat. We had the best sex ever. Though it was an amazing afternoon, we still didn't both beat the record. I did, but I wanted to beat a record together one day. We plan to try and beat twenty-eight hours, soon. :)

