Title: The Pioneers
	Entry to: Month 29
By: Neil & Rosemary

Marcus surveyed the hippy chick he had just picked up. Definitely the best of the week's arrivals, and the best of the season for him. Slim, long blonde hair, skin tight jeans and a wide crutch, just as he liked his girls. And overwhelmed that she had been picked up by a real, resident, hippy on her first night. They were already on their third pints of cider, and he was going to have to piss soon, strong though his bladder was. Paula had already been, but not long ago, which was good for a girl. Marcus though he might have really struck lucky this time. 

The early 70's were a good time to be a hippy, spending the summer season in Cornwall, camping out to save money, and having the pick of the 'plastic hippy' chicks who came for their two week's fling of sun and sex away from their middle-class home lives. Marcus was particularly fortunate, in that he not only had the looks and the chat to pull the birds, but he also had money, far more than just his dole cheque, and from this came all other benefits; clothes, drugs, drink, food, and of course, chicks. Not that he was free with this money, but he could buy drinks for his chicks, which was more than most of the other 'residents' would do. Buying them drinks was important, because that set them up for his real object in pulling these girls; getting them bursting, the more desperate the better. He had not been very successful of late, but this latest chick could be promising.

On his way back from the loo he bought another two pints of rough cider. This would be the lot for the evening, then back to his tent for the real business. Paula was beginning to be effected by the cider, and from the way she was jigging from foot to foot, in dire need of another piss. She gave in and went before they had finished the drinks, so as they made their way to his tent, bodies entwined, she was already filling up again, while Marcus had just emptied his bladder.

Marcus's money meant his tent, hidden away on the cliffs out of town, was bigger than the average, nothing grand but properly waterproof, for this was England, and summer did not always mean sun. He had several joints ready rolled, and with a single candle lantern, underground music from his cassette player, and a few cans of beer from the supermarket, they began the real business of the evening.

They were well into their second joint before Paula said she needed a loo. Her voice was slurred and indecisive, because Marcus's joints were real killers, and she was already stoned. In a matter-of-fact, but very firm manner, Marcus simply told her she could not go, passing her the joint and telling her to take a big toke, as 'ganja power' would help her wait. This was the crucial moment of the evening. If she accepted that, and held on as she had been told to, then she would probably go on obeying for the rest of the night, becoming more stoned and accepting more improbable orders. 

Marcus knew her sort well. She had come on holiday wanting sex, and had been winding herself up to be prepared to suck a bloke's dick. Maybe she had done it before, but it would have been the very limit of sexual adventure for her. Well, he thought, as she dutifully dragged hard on the joint, no further mention of needing a piss, tonight he was going to show her the new way for sex. As far as Marcus was concerned, sucking dick was old hat, the middle classes were doing it now. He was a pioneer, and the next big thing in sex was going to be screwing with full bladder, bursting, desperate, sex, which heightened the sensations to new levels, particularly if you were stoned as well. 

Marcus had evolved this theory from some passing references in obscure underground literature, and his own experiences wanking his early morning erection with a full bladder. Knowing the girl was also desperate also turned Marcus on, though he had not bothered to ask any of his unwitting partners how they felt. In his opinion, they should be grateful that they were being shown the new way.

Paula had finished the joint, and was opening another can of beer, complaining that smoking, particularly dope, made her throat dry. While she was drinking, Marcus lit another joint, so when she again slurred "Want a loo, I need to go real bad," he was ready with the 'ganja power' to help her wait. Again she acquiesced, dragging hard on the joint, holding the smoke for ages, then washing her mouth out with another swig of beer. Marcus was needing to piss pretty badly himself now, which meant that Paula had to be desperate. Time to move on to the next stage of the evening. He pulled her close to him, running his fingers lightly over her body.

They were both nearly naked now, and as he ran his fingers over her stomach and towards her crutch, her focused on her tiny black knickers. Earlier her jeans had been stretched across her prominent hip bones, leaving gap over her flat stomach, something which always turned him on, especially when he could slip his hand down there and between her legs. Now there was no gap, in fact her stomach was bulging, and he realised this was not an illusion, it was her bladder, so bursting with the piss she was holding that it was making her stomach swell. As he stroked the bulge, surprised how hard it felt, Paula groaned and tensed, suddenly surfacing from her stoned state.

"I'm absolutely dying to go to the loo. Oh, please can I go, I want to piss so badly."

Marcus pressed his hand between her legs, holding her crutch for her, helping her wait, he hoped, and began sucking her nipple while passing her the joint and telling her to finish it. He was so desperate himself now his rigid dick was hurting, as well as the throb of his bursting bladder. If only she would hang on a bit longer, until he could get inside her, then he would get real bursting sex at last. It vaguely crossed his mind that she had been waiting longer than him, so how on earth she was managing to hold out he didn't know. As long as he could keep his dick hard, he simply could not piss, but Paula had no such help, and couldn't even cross her legs. 

He slipped his finger into her cunt. She was wet and willing, automatically opening her legs to accept him. She seemed to have an enormous cunt for such a skinny body, but as his finger went further up, so she became tight and less soft than he expected. He explored more, and Paula whimpered, squirmed and pushed a hand down between her legs, trying to push him away and press against the front of her cunt. Only then he realised that he was feeling her bursting bladder from the inside, and the pressure was making her want to piss even more. This was incredible! He had never imagined he could actually feel her bladder, touch her desperation, even influence it. 

Dragging her knickers off, pushing her legs apart, he moved on top of her and rubbed the top of his dick over the soaking wet entrance to her cunt. 

Paula was saying "No! Not yet, I want the loo first," but he ignore this. He had to get into her while she was distended, not after her piss. As he bore down on her, she accidentally hit him on the bladder, making him gasp with the shock and pain. He was absolutely bursting for a piss, so bad it hurt, so bad he wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer, but it was too late to stop now, he had to go through with this, he might never get another chick as desperate as Paula must be. Almost completely out of control now, Marcus pushed his dick right into Paula, overcoming her tightness with a sudden thrust. Paula cried out at this, but he wasn't going to stop unless she absolutely forced him to. He was so carried away that he didn't notice that Paula had let go a spurt of pee as his dick pushed her bladder aside, nor would he have cared. 

Initially Paula seemed to be trying to push him off, but without any real conviction, and after he had thrust his dick right in her, she began to respond as he hoped. She wrapped her legs round his waist, trying to drag him further into her, grinding her crutch against his, screaming as her orgasm started and then just went on and on, more intense and longer than she had ever known.

There was no time for foreplay, or any preliminaries, Marcus was pumping hard, so aroused that it only took a few strokes before he began to come, ramming himself deep into her as did. He had thought that as he came, he would feel some relief from the frantic need to piss, but instead there was a stab of pain in his groin, repeated more intensely as he felt his bladder tighten and try to piss. 

His pleasure dampened, if not completely ruined, he was scared he had done himself some internal damage, and all he now wanted to do was get his dick out of Paula and piss. She was still pulling him into her, shaking and gasping as her orgasm began again as she began to piss involuntarily, though neither of them were fully aware of it. 

Fear that he had ruptured his bladder caused his erection to subside almost at once, and he rolled off and crawled for the tent entrance. His need to piss was now frantic, unbearable, and he had to grip his dick tightly to keep it back. He could only get two step from the tent before he had to let go, and then he could hardly start. He was in agony, he wanted his piss to blast out, but instead it was a painful dribble. Scared he had damaged his bladder, his relief as his piss stream slowly built up to a real gusher was mental as well as physical. He was pissing like a fire hose, and still took ages to finish; his bladder must have been stretched to the limit.

Back in the tent, he found that Paula had pissed herself, either during the fuck, or after, he didn't know, or care. It was supposed to prolong and intensify her orgasm, and from the way she had screamed and clawed him, it had done that alright. He couldn't ask her, because she had passed out, finally succumbing to the combination of drink and dope. Leaving her on the wet sleeping bag, an old one, not the one he used, he pushed her to the edge of the tent and stretched out on his bag. Relaxed now, he drifted in the haze of the dope they had smoked, trying to relive their fuck in slow motion, convincing himself that it really was the new direction, but next time he didn't want his own bladder so painfully full.

He should have prolonged the moment, all pleasure and not pain, and been aware of when she had pissed herself. Could he get Paula to do it again? From her response, she had enjoyed it, which was a good start. Perhaps he would have to tell her want he was trying to do, taking her on a new sexual adventure. Yes, she would probably fall for that after a few pints of cider, if he wrapped it up in a lot a mystical rubbish.

*********

Paula struggled back into consciousness as it got light, her befuddled brain groping through her hangover to remember where she was. Above everything else, overwhelmingly, desperately, she needed a loo. Her throbbing stomach was swollen, sticking out at least a foot it felt, she wanted to go so badly, and nothing mattered to her except a piss. She struggled to dress, difficult when she had to keep holding her crutch, and in the confines of the tent, waking Marcus as she wriggled into her jeans. 

"Must go to the loo," she said, as she tried to crawl to the entrance while still holding her crutch. 

"Hold on, I'll come with you, we can go together, I'm bursting as well." Marcus, still naked, began hunting for his clothes. 

"No!" she replied, standing up outside the tent. Oh hell! It wasn't a campsite, just a field, no loos. She would have to go in the bushes, she couldn't wait any longer, and she most certainly didn't want Marcus watching. He must be some sort of wierdo, wanting to pee with her. She tried to run, to get clear before he dressed, but it was difficult when she had to hold her crutch all the time. Fifty yards down the path, no sign of Marcus following, and she could not wait another second. Behind a clump of brambles, dragging her jeans down, crouching out of sight, and then relief at last. Her pee just went on and on, and it felt so good as she let it go.

Now her bladder wasn't dominating her thoughts, she began to recall the night. Marcus had seemed such a great bloke, and then he had turned out to be really weird, almost a pervert. She hadn't been imagining it, he had deliberately stopped her going to the loo, all that nonsense about ganja power helping her wait. Lucky she had a good bladder and had been able to hold on.

When he had made love to her it had become unbearable, uncontrollable, and, she remembered, horrified, she had wet herself. It had been awful as he forced himself into her, but she had to admit she had never come with such intensity, or for so long, and at the time, stoned, it had felt so good, pissing and coming, coming and pissing, she has wanted both to go on for ever. It was after that it was horrible, she had been soaked in piss, she must stink, and her clothes as well. She could hardly wait to get back to her guest house and shower, wash away the whole dreadful night.

It was the afternoon, when Paula, half asleep on the beach in the warm sun, began to think again about the previous night more objectively. Wetting the bed wasn't really too awful, particularly when it wasn't her bed, and it had been an incredible orgasm, the best ever, no doubt about it, and it wasn't due to Marcus's skill as a lover. If she hadn't wanted a loo so badly it hurt, if Marcus had been slower, more gentle, more considerate, if she hadn't been quite so stoned, then it could have been genuinely wonderful. It was certainly much better that sucking his dick, which was what most blokes wanted now. Should she risk going with him again? Would he want her? It might be fun, she would have to see what happened in the pub that evening.

Rosemary & Neil. 

Those of you, maybe including TGC, who were hoping that our competition entry would be an intimate description of our own sex life, tough luck! We have deliberately written something that has absolutely nothing to do with our own experiences. Neil would never be so inconsiderate as to behave like Marcus, and Rosemary would never be able to wait like Paula did. 

