All Day Desperation 2
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by BryannaC on July 12th, 2010 at 2:00AM

Me and my boyfriend jake had another fun day. Our first real fun day is in my story all day desperation

After we went to bed that night my bladder ached and the bed was wet so we slept on the floor next to it so the bed could dry. I knew when I woke up I'd be bursting again. And as I predicted I was laying naked on the floor my stomach was swollen again I ignored it getting up to find jake. I found him in the kitchen making breakfast. What's on the agenda today he asked looking down I answered well I'm absolutly bursting again how about another day of play? Sounds fun he replied so after breakfast we dressed me in my tightest jeans and skintight shirt highheels and a half a tank of gas we were ready I had my bottled water and he filled my pint of water.

We jumped in immidietly I felt my bladder protesting, it screamed for release but I wasn't having it. Bry jake said looking at me. I have more rules today he told me grinning ok I said rubbing the bulge. You have to drink a bottle of water every time we leave and arrive someplace and you can't grab yourself at all. And when we get home I want to play slave and master if that's alright he pretty much begged me I accepted I loved master and slave because he was the master who loved desperate women and I was the slave who held it all in for him. We went to wal-mart for grocerys and fish before we walked in I drank a bottle of water. Stepping out of the car my bladder twinged and spasmed obviously worn out from last time.

He rested a hand on the bulge rubbing it. I sure can't wait to. Get home he whispered when we went inside I got my fish but standing next to the tanks with running water made everything harder. We finished in wal mart then jake decided we should drive till the gas an out drinking bottle after bottle by his demand and him keeping the bottle in my mouth I had no choice. We started driving and after an hour my bladder was so hard that the bulge from it was hard I groaned rubbing my bulge and pee hole struggling to keep it all inside and for releife of pain. Another hour added to 2 more all the while I got worse forced to drink more my bladder filled I started crying but by then jake gave in and took us home. He carried me in setting me on my feet gently this time he started acting as master right away.

Slave you will do the laundry and do the dishes and make the beds and clean our room and you will drink more water after each task. Playing along in a way I gasped feling a spurt jet into my knickers and pants. Master permission to speak I gulped approved he answered master please I need to use the bathroom immidietly plz let me go! I beggedd absolutly he said I slowly walked to the bathroom locked I turned around not he whispered with a grin. Now get to work slave he growled trying to act but master I yellped. Jake turned grabbing my arm soanking me each spank sent pee jetting out. I got up sitting on his lap wrapping my arms around his back. Kissing him we started making out and then I peed all over him the releif was breathtaking he laughed and said I didn't give you permission for that I laughed back carrying me upstairs we had sex again.

But there's plrntly more stories of u to come 

