More Than a Game
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Gisela

In August my boss invited me and two colleagues, Marc and Steve, to a soccer game. I planned everything well and went into the stadium with an empty bladder. I wore a long tight skirt and this should become difficult for me later. In the arena we drank one beer before the match started. I know the rules to hold your pee as long as possible to go to the loo, otherwise you have to go all time.

Today I tried to become desperate and so I went to the toilet by the first felt need to pee. Then in the first half we drank another beer and I felt early that my bladder starts to send the Pee urge. During the break we all went to the toilets and so did I not to drew attention to me.

I went into the ladies and really wanted to use the toilet but of course didn't. Then the second half started and within minutes we finished the next beer and I had already the second one in my hand and it started to become uncomfortable. When the match was over I was very glad to get a chance to move a bit because the pressure in my lower abandon raise.

Our boss asked us to follow him to his house not far from here and we all agreed. Many people left the stadium to the subway and so did we. I was pretty filled now and every step sent jolts to my bladder and the first time I doubt it was a good decision to play my hold it here.

I hoped to get a seat in the train but knew very well that it would be crowded and you need much luck to get a spare seat after a soccer game. And so it came. I stood in the train with flexing muscles to hold my pee back and tried to shift my weight without showing. Wow if I only had been able to sit down.

My need increased faster as expected and I started to dance around a bit. And at one time Steve gave me a wondering glimpse. I forced myself to stand still but I noticed that I couldn't cover my need any longer without sitting down. One seat became free now but I didn't want to leave the group. After a while of thinking I decided to sit down but in this moment my boss told us to go off the train.

I had to walk again and keeping my legs in motion helped a bit. During the walk we talked about the game and I found myself mumble a bit and it was a clear sign that I got a bit drunk. We had to wait at a traffic light and I pressed my legs together but I felt that this was not enough and I had to bounce up and down. My mates didn't notice but I was at the point there I couldn't hide my need to pee any longer if I had to stand. I raised one knee and than the other and I noticed that my movements were growing to a pee dance and I was unable to stop.

After a while the lights changed and we went on.

Although my legs were in motion now it was not easy for me to hold on and some times I put my hands to my groins to lower the pressure onto my sphincter. We reached the house of my boss and I knew I had to sit down immediately If I wanted to go on with my little game. He opened it, and at once Marc rushed to the toilet. Good for me because now I knew where it was and I was sure I would be in a rush later. We stood in the hallway and I did my best to stand still. I was close to pressing my hands between my legs but I mustn't do this in front of them. But I couldn't stand still any longer. I tried to cross my legs and started hold my breath. I bent over a little and it was a great relief when my boss lead us to the veranda. I followed carefully.

On the veranda there were a few chairs and I sat down quickly and crossed my legs hard. Wow this felt good. Within minutes I was back in control.

My boss went for drinks but instead of the water I ordered he came back with four glasses and a bottle of tequila. When Marc came back we downed the first one. Three more followed. I shifted my legs the whole time now but I feared the alcohol. I felt that I become drunk very fast and Marc was really full and told us only nonsense and we all had to laugh about. But laughing was not an welcome thing for me. I had to press my left hand between my legs a few times. Nobody could see it under the table but I knew I had to go now to avoid humiliating me but the alcohol was stronger and I get turned on from my full bladder and felt like superwoman.

With more alcohol I more and more lost my habits. I rammed my hand more often between my legs and didn't care any longer if somebody could see it. I think nobody saw it but it was good that suddenly my brains take control upon me again and I told myself that I mustn't have an accident on the veranda of my boss.

Steve now left the table to go to the loo and we drank another tequila. Suddenly I felt a painful cramp in my abandon and I crossed my legs and bent forward until I reached the table. I was on the edge now and decided to go when Steve would come back.

He came back and told us that he has to left now and offered me to go with him to share the cost of the taxi.

Also Steve wasn't doing well. He was really drunk and stumbled a few times. I agreed and stood up. I had to grab the table not to fall down because I also was really drunk now. At the same time the pressure reached a new peak by standing now. I mustn't hold myself I told me and crossed my legs as hard as possible. But I was close to loose all my shame.

I stood there for a few seconds with legs crossed and wondered what to do if I wasn't able to hold it any more. I wasn't sure I would make it to the toilet. I felt my muscles weaken and put together all my power to keep it back again. I concentrated not to stumble because then I knew I would lost it. With stiff legs I followed Steve and felt that I would reach the point of no return any moment now. I felt that I had to grab my crotch any second or I would flood the carpet.

I fought with myself but I couldn't care anymore who would see me holding myself because otherwise I would pee myself. First I put my hands to my groins but it didn't help me to much. I gave up my dignity and in the moment I decided to put my hand into my crotch Steve stumbled and fell down. That it was. I bent down and sat on my heel at once. It was in the last second I pressed my body onto my heel with full force and that prevented my from loosing it. I offered him help and covered my movement in this selfless gesture. But it really hurt now and I had to go to the toilet NOW. To make things worse Marc ran into the toilet and started to vomit. The taxi driver blew the horn, and instead of waiting until the toilet was empty again I agreed to follow Steve.

We said goodbye and for the last time I managed to stand still a few seconds. I looked to the bathroom door again but went down the stairs to the street. If I hadn't been drunk I wouldn't have followed Steve for sure but so I found myself climbing down the stairs. It was pure hell. I put one hand between my legs, let it look like holding my skirt up not to step on it and managed slowly to get down. I got into the car and knew at once that it was the wrong decision. After maybe two minutes cramps make my body tremble. I pressed my hand between my legs and bounced up and down.

I had the feeling that pee was leaking out but I could feel that my crotch was still dry. I looked over to Steve but he was fallen asleep at once and I was glad he couldn't see me like this. I tried to sit onto my heel but before I was able to change my position a new cramp came and I felt like popping. I felt that now a little spurt of pee had escaped. I couldn't press harder and I knew I had to put my hand under my peehole or I would wet this seat. With the next try I managed it and it was not to early. Every ten or fifteen seconds, a huge urge to pee hit my body and I was squirming in my seat.

I loosened my skirt and put one hand into my panties from above to help my tortured muscles. I had to stop the car but nearly couldn't speak. I moaned a few times and the driver asked if everything was OK. I had to pee like never in my live and was really drunk to. But somehow the adrenalin held me clear now.

I fought back the next massive urge and then the car stopped. We reached Steve's apartment and I knew I had to go out with him. There was no change to drive on to me although it would only take five minutes. The driver woke up Steve and he paid. During this I got out and tried to get back composure again and hide my predicament from Steve. But it was impossible to move my hand out of my panties without peeing all over and the result of my efforts were that I stood there one hand from above slipped into my panties, legs crossed, bent over and the other hand on streetlamp to keep balance. A new cramp and I had to bend down even more.

"Steve, I have to pee real bad. Hurry up please. Open the door. please hurry..." Steve didn't realize what was going on and thought I was only drunk. He tried to guide me but with the first step another spurt escaped. I felt my pussy trembling and I think from the way I was holding my hand from above Steve could have seen my pubic hair but I simply couldn't care. Now I froze to hold back but more pee came out. I couldn't stop it anymore. "Steve, pull up my skirt" I told him but he didn't. "Please! I am pissing myself."

Steve said: "Come on, you'll make it!"

But I was already pissing myself now. I tried my best to stop the flow but couldn't.

Tears were running down my cheeks and I felt so humiliated. After a while I managed to stop and tried to get inside his flat. Suddenly the alcohol get back his strength and I was totally out of control now. I started to pee again until we walked the stairs but I didn't care.

Inside he showed me the bathroom. I sat on the toilet and finished my pee with open door, I didn't care about anything anymore. After that I showered but I can't remember. Steve told me that after that I tumbled naked through his flat. The next thing I know is that I woke up naked in his bed from the massive pressure of my bladder.

