A Strange Encounter Ch. 05
	The day after the morning before.
HunterShambles

Colin woke and thought that considering the amount of alcohol he had drunk last night, his head felt not too bad. He heard the gentle snoring next to him and felt for the soft curvaceous bottom of his older sister. The soft flesh was warm and yielding to his touch, but there was something not quite right, the soft curvy bottom was a bit bigger than he remembered. He lifted his head and pulled the duvet cover off the sleeping form next to him.

"MUM!" he shouted and sat back in his half of the bed.

"Owww, Colin, shhh not so loud, please my head hurts. What's the problem anyway?" she half turned and then realised she was in a strange bed.

"What the..." she glanced down and realised she was also naked and in a strange bed!

"Mum," said Colin, looking at the half of his naked mother exposed to him.

Anne sighed and sat up, her breasts rolling and swaying over the duvet, but she made no attempt to cover up.

"Where's your father, and your sister," she said, holding her hands to her head.

"I'm here," said Sue, rising naked from the floor and scrambling onto the bed.

"Where's your father?" she demanded, glaring at her daughter and son alternately.

the bedroom door opened and Stuart shambled in, naked and semi hard, he smiled faintly and sat on the chair by the bed,

"I'm here Annie, what the hell happened last night... and why are you in with Sue and Colin?" he said trying to keep his thought train on track.

"Can't either of you remember what happened last night?"

"We went to the pub and had.."

"A really fantastic meal, you had Steak, I had Sea Bass..."

"We had a bottle of Sauterne, glasses of Chablis, some St Emilion..."

"A Muscatel with dessert.."

"No I had Port and Cheese..."

"And a brandy to wash it down..."

"Oh shit, we got tanked didn't we..."

"Fuck, I can't remember getting home, did we come back in a taxi?"

"Oh dear, parents, I'm afraid you've missed out a large part of last night."

"You're kidding right? why? what happened?"

"Daddy dear are you a little stiff this morning, not in a semi hard way, but achey maybe?"

"Yes I do feel a bit creaky why?"

"Mum?"

"Yes Colin,"

"Are your feet sore, maybe a bit tingly, achy ankles, stomach a bit sore?"

"Now you come to mention it, I am sore, Oh God! what did we do?"

Colin and Sue, looked at each other and nodded, Colin reached for his phone and thumbed to his pictures, as Sue did the same. Without a word they passed their phones to the nearest parent.

Anne and Stuart thumbed through the pictures and grimaced and shook their heads.

"Oh no! this is worse than I thought, look at me I'm practically paralytic here: oh Shit I passed out, look at the state of me!"

"Whooa, who's that woman I'm sort of dancing with? do we know her?"

"Dad, that's Inge, she married Brian yesterday and you and Mum gatecrashed their wedding reception, they loved it, everyone was egging you on. You danced all night, finally leaving at about three this morning."

"Fuck we did! how embarrassing, I'm sorry kids I must have looked a complete tosser. Annie I'm sorry." Stuart shook his head then handed the phone back to Sue.

"No Stuart, look at these I was so out of it. Do we have these peoples address we should call or send flowers or offer to pay for a meal for them."

"Mum, Dad, Inge doesn't have a mum and dad, they died in a car crash some years ago. She was so happy you burst in and livened things up she's calling you her new mummy and daddy. I've got a whole load of phone numbers, e-mails and home addresses from people there who want to meet up with you again."

"NO!"

"You've got to be kidding!"

"Nope, you danced til dawn and spread some magic, people you were awesome, pissed but awesome."

"Colin! really?"

"Scouts Honour"

"Girl Guides honour you were absolutely immense; deep respect parents, you really know how to party. Daddy I had no idea you knew so many dances, Mum yes; you uhh-uhh, Where did you dig the Valetta up from?"

"Yeah and Mum, the mashed potato? awesome, and can you twist? yes you can, you were sixteen again, hottie or what."

Colin hugged Anne and grinned.

"Dad you were John Travolta, literally; threw you jacket off and strutted your stuff, Saturday Night Dad, ha ha, you had all the girlies on their feet."

"Well we saved the best til last," said Colin and picking up his phone again, flicked through and looked at Anne and Stuart.

"OK, you better sit together for this."

Anne clambered unconsciously naked out of bed and sat on Stuart's lap, he grinned and she smiled as she wiggled to get a better seat.

"Lover can you move slightly then I can adjust myself so that..."

"Here," said Anne and lifting slightly moved his erection flat along his thigh, sitting back down and wriggling to get it in line with her slit.

"Comfortable?"

"Yes thanks. Colin! what the hell is on that thing?" Anne said as Colin passed it to her.

She thumbed the screen and the movie started, Anne and Stuart sat dumbstruck, as they recreated the lift from Dirty Dancing faultlessly with the music blaring in the background.

"No way, Stuart, I can't remember that, but that's us, isn't it?"

"Annie that is us, how did we do that? Whoo Hoo, life in the old dogs yet." Stuart looked proudly over his wife's shoulder as she replayed the clip again.

"As I said Mum and Dad, deep respect for that, you were on tip top form, sparkling, shameless."

"However..."

"Oh No! there's going to be a however, this is trouble I just know it." Anne shrugged and Stuart put his hands round her waist, as they braced themselves for whatever was coming.

"However, we decided that despite your protestations to the contrary, we would not film the pair of you stripping in the lounge, nor the oral sex scene you insisted on enacting."

"Or the full on fury of you taking my mother doggie style, which degenerated into the shag on the stairs.."

"Oh no, what else did..." Anne was lost for words, Stuarts mouth flapping open but no sounds coming out.

"Or Mum your attempt to pee standing up, nor dad slipping in your pee and peeing a fountain over himself as he lay on the bathroom floor giggling."

"No, no, no..."

"And you slept in here mother because you made advances to Colin but passed out on the bed?"

"Annie, how could you..."

"Whooo Mister. Before you have a go at Mum, who chased me round the bedroom shouting 'Salami hiding time'?"

"Stuart, she's your daughter!"

"Mum Dad, don't worry, it was so funny, we knew you wouldn't do anything, well maybe not, but you were so pissed I doubt you could actually pull it off."

"So embarrassing, so sorry kids, absolutely disgusting behavour, Stuart we need to clean up our act, this is unbelievably crass, we lost control."

"Hey Mum, no biggie, it was a superb evening and we had a blast, we really enjoyed being out with you, top banana." Colin grinned and felt Sue edge up to him.

"There's another however. Considering your professed desire to consummate your lust with us, we've decided that when you were sober and coherent, we would discuss with you the possibility of swapping partners, but only with full and complete mutual consent and co-operation of everyone. No sneaking off, no hiding, it has to be in the open and together and if one person says no, it's no completely."

"We know we had the little scene in the shower recently, so we decided to chew over the possibilities. It seems parents that we both felt that it would be a fantastic opportunity to offer ourselves to you for mutual sexual gratification. What do you think."

"What? you actually want to sleep with us? Why? You have each other, you're young and full of energy and teenage lust, why?"

"Daddy, you are a truly sexy man and I love you truly madly deeply and I want to sleep with you and love you as a woman."

"Son, would you really sleep with me, saggy boobs and wrinkly belly and all?"

"Mum you are a fox, you're sexy as hell and I would love to sleep with you."

"Stuart?"

"Annie?"

"I don't know if we said things whilst pissed that may be a true unlocking of our feelings but?"

"Annie, I love you so much and I wouldn't want to risk that for anything, although Sue is a very sexy young lady."

"With no Tits!"

"Sue you're perfect, I love you exactly as you are, you are physically perfect."

"Speaking as your Dad, Sue I think your tits are perfect too and I'm sure any man would happily tell you the same."

"Bigger tits aren't everything, believe me they bring their own problems, you're perfectly in proportion Sue, don't ever worry about it."

"Yea, well that's easy for everyone to say, but I do wish they were bigger, just so I could flaunt them."

"My love, you flaunt them now and I love it, I will never be dissatisfied with your breasts, trust me."

"Thanks Col, but after you've had the opportunity of sampling Mum's wares you might have a different view."

"Sue who has a bigger cock, me or Dad? be honest!"

"Well, honestly, I'd have to say Dad."

"So in the same way, what happens if you prefer Dad to me?"

"Not going to happen bro."

"Exactly, my point entirely."

"OK, thanks bro. I love you."

"Mum, Dad, we're going to shower and go out, get some bits and pieces, we'll leave you alone to sort yourselves round and talk things over, see you later."

Colin and Sue walked out to the bathroom and shut the door.

"Annie we have a lot to think about and discuss."

"True Stuey, not least who cleared the bathroom up last night, and the kids offer."

"Right, but firstly how's the head?"

"Sore."

"Me too, do you think they have aspirin or paracetamol in here?"

Later that Day

Anne and Stuart climbed into the hot soapy, bubbly bath and arranged themselves with her between his legs and lying against his chest. his hands found her and they linked fingers.

"So, Stuart, how do you feel about the Kids idea?"

"Truly?"

"Truly!"

"No, absolutely not, it destroys any authority and trust between us and reduces everything to a purely sexual level, sorry Annie it's a no go for me."

"Sure?"

"Hundred percent, we'd lose all moral authority and respect. I love our children more than anything and that's why I can't do it. It reduces us to animals."

"OK, fair point, however, think about us, we've become sexual adventurers after what twenty five years together. We've done it just about every way, every room, every day, like a pair of rutting deer. Is that not morally repugnant to you?"

"No, because we love each other in a very special way, we've overcame some pretty difficult problems and found release in each others bodies, it's very different to just shagging for shaggings sake. I an intimate with you for a reason, I share myself with you for a reason, I take your body for a reason. I love you unconditionally and unwaveringly. You are my soulmate and I have no other friend closer than you. You are my life."

"Wow, Stuart that's a huge compliment, and I respect you for that, but, aren't you curious about how it would feel to have sex with a younger woman, a lively sexual creature who adores you?"

"No, do you have that feeling about Colin?"

"Honestly?"

"Honestly."

"Yes! does that surprise you?"

"Yes it does, why?"

"I don't know, because it seems we lost contact with our children as they grew up and all those little intimate moments when they were so small and we were their only protection and they needed and loved us stopped . When only we could help them out, solve their problems, keep them clean and fed and well everything."

"Oh Annie, they never stopped needing us, but it's changed in how they need us. Alright we don't need to change nappies or feed them, but they still need us."

"Yes, you're right it's just I feel left out of the loop. they're older and more worldly wise, they can think and act for themselves, I suppose I feel like the mother hen when her chicks leave the nest."

"Oh Annie, how sad, how can I help you with this?"

"I don't think you can, although strangely the past few days have helped, I feel so much closer to you now. Like doors have been opened and not just with sex, but.. I can't really explain it. It's as though we have come closer together, but all the really valuable memories are still all there. Colin is special he's my little boy and I think I thought that having sex with him would help keep him close, silly really."

"Not at all, sex with Sue would be ego-flattering for me if you think about it, forty five year old man and eighteen year old girl. Stud or what?"

"Sad really, but the kids must think something of us to even consider it."

"Yes, but, maybe we should include them in this too, see why they thought of it?"

"I love you Stuart, more than I can say or express, thank you for being here for me, thank you for your patience." Anne squeezed his hands and settled against his chest.

"No thank you, thank you for caring enough to fight for us, thank you opening my eyes and my mind. I love you too and no words or physical actions can express what you mean to me. I mean it, you are my life."

Stuart kissed Anne's hair and brought their linked hands across her stomach.

"We need to get out, the water's getting cold and I'm wrinkling like a prune."

"then when we're out I'll massage lotion into you anywhere it's needed."

"You silver tongued devil, you know how to pamper a girl," Anne wiggled her bottom against his flaccid cock, Stuart laughed and hugged her.

"Come on sexy, let's get out and organised."

Anne wriggled and rolled over, so she lay facing Stuart, her breasts flattened against his chest and her legs lying between his.

"Kiss me please, I need to feel your mouth on mine."

Stuart bent and kissed her gently, slowly increasing the pressure, opening her lips and letting their tongues touch tips and begin to dance with each other. he held her to him, her arms trapped between them and her hands on his shoulders.

They eventually broke contact and she smiled.

"Let's get dry and go to bed, I need to feel you against me, I need your strength around me."

"Annie, I'll do anything you say."

"Oooh lovely, I'll think of something really nice for you to do for me."

"I bet you will."

"Come on slave, dry me," she pushed herself up and kissed his nose, kneeling up she stroked his limp cock before climbing out of the bath.

"At your service madam." Stuart said, standing and stepping out onto the mat.

Later they lay in bed, Anne lying against Stuarts's chest, idly running her hand over his stomach.

"Stuey, do you think the kids are going to be disappointed?"

"I don't know, I really can't say what they'll think."

"OK."

They heard the door open and close and the sound of the children running upstairs.

"Hi, we're in here," Stuart yelled, Anne winced and slapped him.

"Hi folks"

"Hi Mum, hi Dad."

"Hi you two, how was your trip?"

"Good cool, Sue's persuaded me I need some new clothes, so jeans, shirts, a couple of jumpers, new pants, socks."

"Oh my God, I don't get to buy your underwear anymore, another milestone." Anne pretended to cry.

They laughed and sat on the bed, Anne and Stuart separated and sat up. Again Anne didn't bother to cover her breasts, allowing them to settle over the duvet.

"Well, did you have time to talk about our offer," Sue said and gripped Colin's hand.

"We did and we decided that it wasn't a good idea, your father has quite strong views and I think I can say confidently that he has persuaded me that it would be unfair on all of us to try this."

"OK, are you going to enlighten us on your reasons, it would only seem fair."

"Sure, here or do you want to go somewhere more comfortable?"

They shrugged and sat round on the bed facing their parents.

"I feel that flattering as it is that Sue wants to make love with me, I would somehow be betraying the trust between us, I would have lost any moral authority I have and somehow that doesn't seem a good idea to me. I would have broken our marriage vows and I would also not be able to look Colin in the eye either."

"I had thought yes, but Stuart has let me see that all I wanted was to keep Colin close to me, when in fairness he has chosen you and you have a life together. It would have been selfish of me to interfere like that. I hope you can see that both of you."

"Oh, wow, we just thought it would be a great way to join us all back together, kind of seal the bond between us, that's an interesting take Dad."

"Do you disagree?"

"Yes, I do, although I can see what you're saying. We, Sue I hope and trust you'll butt in if I get this wrong or say something you disagree with?"

"Sure thing bro. go for it."

"Ok, we thought that over the last few years we've all been bound up in our own problems, Sue and I, in particular were having real problems with each other and with you guys. Your total indifference to each other and the long silences etc.. We could see the problems mounting, but not how to solve it. We ended up finding ourselves and then the dam burst and you guys became pretty solid together. Actually more solidly together than I can ever remember. We just thought that sharing ourselves with you was a way of reconnecting and getting back to the closeness we had when we were little. Dad, you will always be someone I look up to and if Sue wants to be with you, I won't stand in her way. She adores you and I can see why. I hope I can be as solid and dependable in my time. As for you mum, any son loves his mother, always and forever. But as we get older we lead different lives and the bonds slacken. I thought it would be a small way to repay your love and let you know how much I care about you."

Sue smiled, "Daddy I would like you to share my body so you can see how much I love you and how much you mean to me, I want you to see me as a woman, a grown up but to know that the love we have is special to us. I know how much Colin loves Mum, and I want him to show and share that with her. We have so little time together, then suddenly we're all grown up. I could bake you a cake, but that's so little and insignificant, it's gone in a trice, but sharing my body and soul with you that's special."

"But what about Colin, won't he be jealous of this special love we have?"

"I already am, just as Sue is very aware and jealous of the special bond Mum and I have, but we know you both love us equally, and that's special too."

"Following on logically, shouldn't you share your body with me and Sue with Mum?"

"Yes and if you want me Dad, I will make love to you too, Sue?"

"Wow, yes I'd love to get close to Mum and if she wants to share with me then absolutely."

"Hmm, this is not what I expected, are sure about this?"

"Of course, I am, Sue and Mum must make up their own minds."

"The thought of making love to Daddy with Mum supporting me sends shivers up my spine, especially if your there too."

"Look, I'm now confused, are you saying this would be a group thing, all or nothing?"

"Absolutely,"

"No one left out, no one excused."

"But that's crazy, how could we do that, we all have different desires and needs."

"Dad, we all love each other, that's what it's about, getting close, losing our inhibitions and letting everyone else know how much we care."

"Anne?"

"Phew, I'm pretty gobsmacked at the moment, I'm a bit overwhelmed, it seems to me that our children love us very much and want to show us in a physical way how much they do. I'm flattered, not only by Colin, but by Sue's honesty. I think it would be wrong to refuse them. So now I feel that your argument is right, but wrong, sorry Stuart."

"Don't be, look how we're talking, we're acting like four sensible adults looking at a situation and trying to find a logical conclusion. Thinking back a week or so, we could hardly bear to even acknowledge each other. We have come a long way. The dam bursting was due to you two and your relationship, which I've never said whether I approved of or not. Okay for the record, I was shocked, hurt and outraged. Your mother spoke sensibly and honestly and I have to say I agree with her, you're adults and have made a decision, I have no right to pass judgement on you, I have no high ground to defend here. I will back the pair of you over this and will protect you against allcomers."

