Interests and habits

Anon gives impressive details of his interests and habits

Hi,

coming into Your Site just by chance (wrong search by Yahoo...) I immediately discovered, that it seems, I'm not the only one in the world interestet in "holding it" (Until now I thought so!) So I'll give You some idea about my history. (Being German my English may not be top class, but I hope You make some sense of the lines following)

Based just on a spleen, not because of any necessity or illness some years ago I came into holding back as a kind of pastime. I tried (and try) to keep from peeing as long as possible ignoring all kinds of biological messages from my bladder to an extreme extent. Suppressing all vegetative signals - mind over matter - I decided to keep the authority within my brains, not my abdomen. Yet the mere decision to restrict peeing was not satisfying: there was a lot of training to undergo. With this goal in mind I started to work on the thing. In summer '86 I just by chance made my first attempts to convince myself that it is not necessary to void by the times in a day when all the others do.

As long as I did not feel quite a pressure from down below I did not visit the toilet. By the time I reduced my peeing to twice a day without too many troubles, enjoying the fact that I could "feel possessing a bladder" part of the day. Most people may not understand why I got into liking the feeling to have to go and not following nature. The next step was to prolong the time in between morning and evening piss, waiting until midnight for the latter and by that stand some extent of desperation. The only limit for further trial was that I did not yet dare to go to bed with a bladder that full. Being used to this habit for quite a while I made up my mind to reach out for a 24 hour's abstinence. It sounded good but proved hard. 

Day after day I would hardly find any sleep because of the urgent pressure, and broke my personal promise more than once. Anyhow, routine made things going and so after some weeks of giving up at different times of the night I succeeded: I woke up in the morning feeling a cannonball above my crotch and the desperate need to go to the bathroom immediately... Being aware what mess it would create if nature would call before I woke up and being convinced that golden showers applied to my mattress were the least I wanted I "insulated" myself by putting a plastic bag over my cock filled with loose toilet tissue, and fixing it with a rubber band. (never had to test the device...)

I also tried different hours of the day to practice my once-a-day- piss but in the end the only time I could regularly keep to was the early morning. Starting everyday's work sensing one's bladder is not too easily managed...

After a period of about six weeks' trial I managed to hold it for a full 24 hours each and every day I just wanted - thrown back only by visits to clubs and festivities where it did not seem very useful to concentrate on my bladder but the actual happening. As I began to watch things with a more scientific eye I begann to record the quantities I produced by using an old calibrated glass cylinder to pee in. Most mornings I filled it up to the brim (it holds a little more than 1 litre), feeling great relief in doing so. Sometimes I was even flooding the brim. But averaging the quantities settled by 1000 to 1100 ml.

As all "play" of that kind loses a bit of fascination by the time I left it behind for the last years, but eventually remember to do some training. Nowadays I prefer deliberate tests e.g. on sundays when I will surely not be visited by (non conscient) friends or relatives. After voiding in the morning I dress particularly different from every-day clothing: old worn-out, tight-fitting corduroy jeans, and - that's the point - no underwear beneath! (I'm a little into underwear as well and like all kinds of loose- fitting underpants, hating everything that cradles my set like briefs or y-fronts; I also like freeballing and putting all my belongings down the left leg of my pants...)

Drinking more tea or coffee for breakfast as usual, as well as some additional mineral water for lunch I can be sure to feel some "need" by 2 p.m. But of course I do not follow. Instead, I add some liquid watching the pressure to rise. 

The more my mind is concentrated on the belly bottom, the more I try to distract my brain by reading or writing articles on the subject or related themes. The pants no more being used in public it does not matter, that in beginning desperation I "tend to wank" i.e. stroke my cock just slightly, not to arouse myself too much. But doing so makes me stand another quarter of an hour or so, until the sequence starts over. I also once tried to prevent me from peeing by "taping" my penis all around with wide self-adhesive tape (usually used for post packets) but id did not work well, hindered manual access...

In the end, when there are "waves" of urgent need to piss every 30 seconds I concentrate on fulfilling a whole hour, watching the hands on the clock quite nervously. Not just once being absolutely close to surrender I wet my pants accidentally, but mostly I manage to go to the bathroom looking for my well-hidden metering-glass, and fill it with pleasure. Being no more in training like years ago I hardly manage more than 800 ml, but thats thrill enough for me.

I hope You are not bored by my story though it doesn't fit in Your collection too well - just give me a personal E-Mail stating... 

