Time Turner Part 7
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on October 29th, 2010 at 5:22PM

Finally, on level six of the parking garage, Dr. Liu had found a place where she could pee. With a puddle the size of Tolo Harbor in front of her, she stood up. Her pantyhose were damp at the crotch, but nothing catastrophic. She pulled them up, adjusted them, let her dress fall around her thighs, and turned to go back…

Oh Crap.

A security camera.

How much did she care?

She cared enough. She could just see the blurb on You Tube: “Nobel Prize winning scientist lifts her dress and pees in a parking garage!” Powering up the Time Turner for—What was this?—the seventh time tonight, she sighed deeply, but squared her shoulders. She looked up into the camera and mouthed the words “You wish.”

Once again she felt herself stretched and folded with the whole world flowing like water around her, until she came to herself again with a spasm of pain in a bladder that was near to bursting.

Where was she? This was the mezzanine. Her conversation with Wiggins was already over. With each iteration, she was materializing a little later in the time stream.

And where was she going to go? Lobby restrooms mobbed, concourse restrooms closed, basement restrooms unlabeled or nonexistent, and a Goddamn security camera scoping out every corner of the parking garage. Where else was there? The roof?

*ping*

The elevator opened. It was the same one she’d tried to use to get down to the lobby that had taken her up instead, express to the topmost floors. That was where she’d pissed herself the very first time, riding it down again. But if she took it to the roof instead… What the Hell. She ducked in and pressed the top button. Please please please let it take me straight to the roof level, she thought. There was a whole knot of people on the 20th floor who would be taking this elevator the next time it came down, but maybe this time she’d pressed her button before they had pressed theirs. Or maybe, even if she hadn’t, it would take her all the way up before collecting them on its way back down.

She squirmed as the doors closed with a hiss, and she felt the acceleration, F=MA, as the elevator began to climb. Alone now, she began to pace. And to wriggle. And to think about what to do when she reached the top. Look for bathrooms first, obviously, but if there weren’t any, she’d find a way out onto the roof and squat again. If she lasted that long. She lifted her dress to grip her crotch through her pantyhose. (How much subjective time had she spent like that tonight, gripping her crotch in the last few minutes before wetting herself again and again? How long had she experienced being suspended in time between 8:43 and 8:55 PM?

An hour at least, and she had the nightmarish feeling that it could go on indefinitely.) She shuddered and clenched her jaw, tightening her grip through her hose. Maybe better simply to take them off, she decided. It would simplify peeing, and if she did wet herself again, it might be a little less of a disaster with bare legs. She kicked off her shoes, slid the hose down off of her bottom, down to her knees, then leaned against the wall to slip them off one foot and then the other. Being naked made her want to pee even more (if such a thing were possible) and she had to stand with both hands desperately wedged into her urethra for a minute before she was able to wad up the hose and jam them into a pocket and then slip on her shoes again.

Standing now with her legs crossed, one hand under her dress to press her fingers against her slit, she watched the floor indicators over the doors. She had to be coming up on 20 any second now. Don’t stop don’t stop please God don’t let it stop, she thought. She hissed through clenched teeth. The muscles around her urethra were starting to quiver. Cellular ATP reserves being depleted through prolonged exertion, she thought. I have to go I have to go I have to go! She had such vivid sense memories of having pissed uncontrollably six times in the last subjective hour. How many more times could she do this?

What if she just let go right here? Nobody would know it was her. She’d get out, let the elevator go on its way, and then summon another one for the ride down. No, she told herself. No no no. That would be like vandalism; she couldn’t do that.

She’d heard an interview on the radio once with some people who’d been stuck on an elevator for a whole weekend. The interviewer asked them how they’d dealt with going to the bathroom. The men said they’d been able to pry the doors open just enough to pee through the slot, and Liu imagined pressing her body flat against the doors now, legs spread wide and hips thrust forward, or backing up to the doors and bending over double, shooting her stream of pee into the crack where the doors met and hoping that most of it ran down between them and out underneath rather than soaking into the carpeting. Completely impractical, of course. There had been a woman in the stuck elevator as well, and she told the interviewer that she’d simply held it until they were rescued.

Completely impractical. Unless she had a five-foot pry bar. Something she could manipulate between her feet while her butt was pressed against the doors.

Completely impractical.

She paced. She hopped. She danced, hands squeezing her naked crotch the whole time.

She felt the elevator begin to slow. No! The indicator light for 20 lit up as the vertical motion came to a complete stop. She made a noise that would have been a howl if her teeth weren’t clenched. From outside, she heard a muffled *ping*. She moved her hands, letting her dress fall about her thighs again.

The doors slid open. The same half-dozen people who’d been squeezed in around her the first time she’d peed were standing just outside.

“Going down?” a man asked. He was the same man who’d recognized her before.

“Up,” said Liu. Something in her voice made him take a step back.

The doors slid closed and Liu was alone again as the elevator continued upward.

She crossed her legs, bent over, and gripped herself. Step. Pace. Hop. Squirm. She watched the indicator lights wink on and off: 21, 22, 23. The highest level was called H. She wondered why. H for highest? H for Himalayas? H for heaven? 24, 25, 26... She started to breathe in short, panting breaths, like a woman in childbirth. God, could childbirth be much harder than this? ...27, 28… Maybe H as in HVAC? …29… She started thinking again about peeing into cracks. Maybe, when the door opened on the roof level, she could brace her back against it to keep it from closing again and then pee into that quarter-inch or so gap in the floor? …30… Impractical. Better just to get out on the roof. She felt the elevator slow again, and then the indicator lit up, H.

The doors opened again. She only realized as she was looking out into the hallway that she still had her dress up around her waist and her hands pressed into her crotch, but it was OK. The hall was empty and in semi-darkness, illuminated only by dim lights along the baseboards. There were more of those carts filled with folding chairs and tables like she’d seen on the basement level. She stepped out. Experimentally, she tried blocking the door from closing with her elbow. It pushed with some force, then relented, then pushed again...relented…then again. She let it close. If she ever did try to pee into that tiny gap between the hallway floor and the elevator floor, the door would be jostling her way too much for her to aim with anything like the requisite precision.

She stepped out into the hall. She could barely walk. Her hand jammed into her slit was the only thing keeping her from peeing all over the floor now. She hobbled down the corridor, trying doors with signs that said ELECTRICAL and AIR CONDITIONING and JANITOR. That last one would almost certainly have a drain on the floor, but all of them were locked.

Right there, however, stood a pair of glass doors leading out onto the flat, open expanse of the roof. She pushed on one, and it opened. Yes!

Out on the roof, the air smelled of rain. The tar surface under her feet was wet. It wasn’t raining now, but clearly had been during her presentation. There was a cool, moist breeze and she could hear the sounds of the city below, softened by the distance. Most of the roof was cloaked in utter darkness. She could make out the silhouettes of vent stacks and some sort of railing. She felt a little hot liquid squirt out around her fingers, but squeezed it off long enough to step forward out of the dim light that pooled around the glass doors. The texture of the roof changed from tar to gravel that crunched slightly under her shoes.

She gathered her dress, lifting it high in back as well as in front and hiking up the hem of her jacket as well. She planted her feet wide apart. She took a deep breath.

And she peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!

The sound of her piss as it hit the gravel was quiet but it cut sharply across the muffled sounds of the night, like the sound of a mountain stream spilling into the pond that spread and deepened between her feet. She listened to the other sounds of the city—honking horns, cars, and somewhere in the distance, the thwup-thwup-thwup of a helicopter. She could see it now, tiny twinkling lights in the sky just beyond the next block of buildings. As she watched, more of its lights came on. Landing lights? She wondered where…

Suddenly she was blinded by a ring of floodlights that lit up the entire rooftop like a stadium. She blinked, then squinted as her eyes adapted, and then saw that she was standing on the perimeter of a circle twenty feet in diameter, outlined in bright yellow paint, and in the middle of that, an enormous yellow letter H.

Of course.

H for heliport.

Son of a …!

Liu tried to smooth her dress down around her legs as the helicopter came nearer and began to descend, but she couldn’t stop herself from continuing to pee. As she backed away from the landing pad, she felt her legs drenched in the hot stream. She was sure her dress was soaked as well, but as the helicopter lowered itself like a great bug onto the landing pad, she was more concerned with how the backwash of air from its rotors was blowing the dress up around her waist again.

Motherf…! Son of a …! B…! C…er! C…! F…ing Hell!

Lights had come on inside as well, and as the helicopter’s engines died and the rotors began to slow, the glass doors from the hallway opened. Liu’s dress wasn’t flapping up in the wind any more, but under it she was still gushing full blast.

“Dr. Liu! Hello!” It was the president of the university. “What are you doing on the roof?”

Committing suicide was the answer that came to mind, but she didn’t mean it. She was just feeling angry and sarcastic. “Testing the Time Turner,” is what she said. She watched its indicators as it powered up.

“Oh really? We’ll get to watch it in action? How exciting!”

Liu rolled her eyes. Anyone with half a brain would realize that their memories of this moment would vanish as soon as the time stream reverted. That’s what you get when you name a university president from the humanities. He was inobservant, too—how long would it take him to notice that she was standing in a huge puddle of her own piss, with pee still pouring down her legs? She clenched her butt and thighs, squeezing off the flow. “You really are an idiot,” she told him.

“Dr. Liu!” he said. “There’s no reason to be…”

She pressed ACTIVATE.

