Making her wait... (Part 6)

By Sean, December, 1994

This (probably next to last) installment of "...wait..." gets yet a little further off the path of decent, restrained behavior. G and I had decided to actually act out a little fantasy we'd been discussing. The event I last described involving G bringing the other guy home and romping around with him while I sneakily and awkwardly voyeured was loads of fun for us. We wanted more of that.

I wanted G to pick up a strange guy in a bar, bring him home, and screw him. Actually, I probably wanted me to pick up a girl in a bar and do same, but the logistics of that are less likely in our culture. An average looking guy like moi with kind of a stupid grin just doesn't go over in a bar where most women are looking for some kinda studmuffin to impress their friends with. However, we were reasonably confident about G's drawing power in a bar environment.

Caveat: the WS element in this adventure again is secondary. Like I said before, ya just can't bring that kind of stuff up with someone you don't know. But there is some. The primary focus of our escapade was the "pickup" tho.

Our plan was that we would go to this bar in separate cars and enter separately. I would station myself somewhere but not talk to G much so she'd look completely unattached. She'd try to pick up a guy she liked and bring him home. When she found someone, I'd rush home and be waiting to observe the festivities. Her only other charter was a "no peeing at the bar" policy. Kind of a reward system... she gets a guy picked out and home and then she gets to pee. Such a deal!

We went to the bar we'd selected. The parking lot was crowded but we managed to find spots pretty close to each other. She went in, I waited about five minutes and went in myself.

She was wearing a tight but not _too_ daring miniskirt, tight-ish top, hose and heels. It was not unappropriate for this smallish rock bar, but certainly eye catching. She managed to get a stool at the bar.

Her line when she got approached was that she was sposed to meet a girlfriend there. She also might offer that her boyfriend was out of town, hence the girl's night out.

Much to our surprise, she didn't really get hit on, at least at first. We later learned to not dress her up quite so much-- some guys won't figure they have a chance with a girl who is too dolled up. Me included!

We had a little covert consultation after a bit to discuss this matter of no attention and I suggested she seed the process by finding a guy and asking him to dance herself. Shortly thereafter, she selected a rather plain looking guy, not terribly well dressed, and asked him to dance. He obliged. They danced a couple of songs and then she went back to her seat.

*Now* she got attention. She danced with about 4 other guys during the next hour and a half, and chatted with several others. Every once in a while she'd look at me and indicate she was coming to confer about things. I would duck back into the hallway leading to the women's room so it would look like she was just heading back to relieve herself. Of course there was none of _that_ going on in spite of her sucking down the wine coolers!

After about three huddles, she was pretty sure she wanted to go with the plainish guy she'd danced with first. She said he just seemed real straight foward and nice, not at all like some barfly sort. I gave my assent. She would ask him to walk her to her car saying it just looked like her girlfriend had stood her up.

I headed out immediately and sat in my car waiting for them to emerge. She would still have a chance to hit the eject button if she didn't like the way the kiss in the car went. I would watch to keep things safe.

They came out and got in her car and she started the engine. I could see them talking, and eventually she got him to kiss her. They necked pretty good for about five minutes, then there was more discussion. Then the guy got out and went back in the bar. She sat and waited so I figured he was telling his friend he was leaving or something.

Then he emerged with another guy. They both went over to G's car and conferred. Then the two guys wandered off to a truck across the lot. They appeared to be talking. Things got more confusing. Clearly difficult transportation problems were being resolved or something. We hadn't really thought much about that end of things in our fevered planning of the whole affair. In your fantasies, there aren't any hitches like that.

I was quite cold cuz I couldn't start my car without giving away my presence. Even tho G's car was running I knew she'd still be cold. I entertained myself thinking about all those wine coolers, the cool temperature, and the increasing delays.

Finally she turned on her lights, my signal to get going. I started my car and headed to her apartment. I wouldn't be any warmer there as I was just doing the look-thru-the-windows routine again. Quite risky and very uncomfortable in those chillier times.

It still took them a while to arrive and much to my surprise, when she entered her apartment she had _two_ guys with her. This was not in the program and I remember feeling a bit perturbed. But I resolved to let her proceed.

As soon as she was in the door she rushed to the bathroom. Again I had to resort to my imagination. She'd finished three 12 ounce wine coolers, and I knew her capacity from some of our scientific measuring experiments :) to be just about 28 ounces. I figured she'd probably called it quite close this time.

She emerged and came straight to the bedroom leaving the two guys sitting in the living rooms, no drinks or anything. Again, not part of the program.

In the bedroom she stepped quickly out of her skirt and hose and changed into tight black stretch pants. Then she went back out and finally did the hostess thing of bringing some beers out for her guests. They sat and chatted. I had a very hard time seeing what was going on. She wasn't on the end of the couch I could see from through the bedroom doorway. I risked going around to the side window so I could catch a glimpse of the proceedings.

She was sitting very close to the guy she'd selected. After a bit, she started kissing him in front of the other guy. I forgot about the risk of being at the side window and stood there like a common peeping tom watching the make out session.

She stood up, taking the guy's hand, and pulled him into the bedroom closing the door behind her. I was relieved that she wasn't trying to get a threesome out of this-- it had definitely crossed my mind. While I'm very open about this kind of stuff, when you tread on the edge like this, absolute trust and agreement about limits is necessary to make it work. Any violation of trust can turn the event from something that is highly charged in a very fun, positive way, to something that is very negatively charged.

I returned to my somewhat safer view at the bedroom window. She stripped and the guy did the same. They got on the bed and started rolling around. I saw her get into the beside drawer where we'd placed some condoms. After getting safe, they started screwing in earnest. We'd agreed she would repress coming, so I watched as she shifted positions trying to avoid getting pushed over the edge. They had what looked like a quite fun, straight ahead screw. The guy reached climax and rolled off of her. Being a nice sort apparently, he later started to indicate he would go down on her. She declined at this point.

A little more repose in bed, and then she got him up and into his clothes. She slipped on just her black bra and and fetched some black panties from her undie drawer and escorted him brazenly back into the living where his friend was waiting. I had a pang wondering if she was going to offer sloppy seconds and dashed around to the side window again. But the guys were both apparently getting coats and getting ready to depart. She strutted around in her undies a bit, and gave the other guy a kiss on the cheek goodnight. Then they left.

After a little safety interval, I went around front and went in. We dove into bed and breathlessly discussed the evening while we screwed. She explained that the two guys were brothers and that they lived about 20 miles outside of town. That explained the transportation problem. The brother had been reluctant to wait around, and when he was finally persuaded to accommodate, there was the issue of where he would wait. Hence all the discussion in the parking lot.

G then said that the upshot of all that was that she had wet her pants waiting in her car for the brothers to work things out. But I'll come to that in a second. She had asked the guy to walk her to her car and then invited him to get in while she warmed it up. She said she told him right away when they got in the car that she should have visited the little girls room before leaving. She then indicated that altho she did have a boyfriend, if he wanted to kiss her goodnight it would make her happy. He was apparently more than willing to help out a poor lonely girl.

Next she did the oh-gosh-I-should-stop-but-that-sure-feels-good thing for a while. She said it actually felt kind of forced at first, but said that there was a point where they were making out when he put his hand on her thigh, high up near her crotch, that all of a sudden she was sure she wanted to fuck him.

After it was agreed that he would try to come home with her, he went in to work things out with his brother. While the two brothers were going back in forth about the arrangements, G was left in the car with a rapidly filling bladder. She'd been totally turned on by the make out session, but now with nothing to distract her she was focused on the ache in her pussy and abdomen. She said it was one of those times when it just wasn't fun either-- she was cold and impatient.

She said she was fighting it but still thought she had some leeway when suddenly she began leaking. She got her coat up and out of the way in time but had already made a wet spot on her skirt. She scooted the skirt up and sat so her crotch was off the end of the seat.

When they finally all got to her apartment, she'd had the two guys walk in front of her and handed one of them the key to unlock the door saying she was shivering too much. She wanted to remain standing behind them in case she had been wrong about her coat being OK.

As soon as she was in the door she dashed to the bathroom and after relieving herself, assessed the damage. Her coat was OK, the skirt was _wet_. But she figured if she slipped her coat back on and went directly to the bedroom to change she'd be ready for action again. And that explained the unplanned costume change.

As we continued to screw and discuss things, I could tell that the WS stuff was not very fun for her in these situations. I loved the fact that she'd gotten herself in a genuine predicament from which there'd been no graceful escape though. But orchestrating an event like this took enough attention on her part that she felt rather encumbered trying to also mix in a "hold it" angle.

Curiously, what she liked best she said was the showing off in front of his brother; the kissing beforehand, the prancing around in her underwear later. For a rather shy (in the conversational sense) little girl, G was discovering an area of life where she was _very_ comfortable. I think she was almost more intrigued with how much the guy who didn't get any had wanted her than with the guy she'd screwed.

After this and the previous event with the other guy, G and I had unparalleled feelings of closeness afterwards. We felt like we shifted sexual love into warp drive. I don't mean to get all gushy on ya, but it was a pretty neat feeling. I was very proud of how she'd shaken the constraints of the more reserved image a female is supposed to accept and boldly set out to explore these things with me. I was also _very_ proud of the way she'd pleased these other guys in a sort of "Hey, that's *my* girl doin' that!" way.

We also agreed that on future "pickup" events (we definitely wanted to do more), I'd not request such rigid no-peeing rules leaving her a little more comfortable while she solved some of the real world issues of pulling off a stunt like that.

Epilogue

We "played pickup" maybe four more times spaced out over a year or so always minus the WS element. We finally moved in together and worked out better voyeur circumstances for me. After we'd executed that fantasy a few times, we started to realize that the reality of it rarely lives up to expectations. Besides we were moving into areas of entanglement with people we knew anyhow and were finding that more fun overall than trying to set up stuff with total strangers.

Except for these initial forays, we kept WS pretty separate from our other dalliances. I'll probably describe one last chunk of our activities and then that should about conclude this little series of hilites from our pee fun. Hope one or two of you have gotten some enjoyment or ideas from all this. I've enjoyed revisiting some of these moments.

"True loves wets." (decided I liked that one) -- Sean
