Hi, here is a story (mostly true, but enhanced a little) about a girl I used to know.
We had been going together for a few months and watersports had been mentioned and we experimented a little, but nothing substantial. Her name was Jill, and she was beautiful. She was about 5'7" tall and had long beautifil legs, long dark brown hair and a slim but great figure. jill was very sexual by nature, as was her own contention, and we enjoyed some wonderful sex.
As I said we experimented with some peeing....she would pee on me and I on her and it was o.k., but I finally told her one day thet I was really into desperation. We had been partying....we both took the day off and decided to just hang out and drink beer.....I always loved a woman who liked to drink beer. Well, jill just looked at me when I told her that I liked desperation, and I was a little embarrassed for a moment, and then she just walked over to me and gave me a long, hot kiss. "Guess what" she said, "Me too". She said she didn't know how to tell me either. "I love to hold it as long as I can....it makes me really, really horny" she said. WOW!!!!! I'm in heaven!!
Another thing about Jill that I really liked was how she dressed.....she always dressed very sexy to show off her beautiful slim body, especially her long, tan legs. Her favorite, however was tight jeans. She had several pairs, black ones, faded ones, light blue ones, all colors, and they all fit her like she was dipped in them. Jill had a fetish for these jeans and she said it always turned her on to wear them. One of the things that she would do is, she had these really lacy panties, and she would put them on inside out, so that the lacy part would be pushed up snug against her pussy, and as she walked or moved they would rub her and she'd get very, very horny. She would say, "Let's go to the mall and walk around and shop". I knew that she liked the way other men would look at her as she walked around....I didn't mind that much. 
Well, to continue my story....this day Jill said she was really into the mood and that she wanted to have some fun and make it last as long as we could. I said okay....and so she went into the room to put on some clothes for the fun. She selected a pair of skin tight faded jeans that were of a fairly soft material and they showed every line and bulge of her body. She first put on a pair of white, lacy panties and then pulled her jeans on (they were really tight and it took quite an effort). She then put on a red halter top that showed her smooth, flat, tanned belly. I could see that her nipples were already hard from the anticipation of our fun.
We had been drinking beers for a while and she had only peed once, so she had to go again, she said "Oh shit, I forgot I have to piss" She wanted to start off with an "empty tank" just so we could enjoy the whole process of her filling up again and then going through all of the games to hold it in. She went into the bathroom to go and said "Come on in with me" and I followed eagerly. She stod there for a while rubbing the front of her jeans and using her fingernail to scratch her clit through those tight jeans and panties. As she did this, she swayed and kind of danced in a very seductive way. I wanted to jump her right there.......She then said "Easy, cowboy, you've got a long way to go....I want you to watch me dance and then piss, and then I want you to eat my pussy a little just to get my motor runnig" COOL!!! 
She stood there dancing and squirming and rubbing her pussy, oncein a while she would run her fingers up her thighs or run her hands over her ass.....then she would play with her nipples......she was driving me nuts!! After a while she pulled her pants down and sat down and peed and she let out a long "Ooooohhhhhh...." as she peed. I could tell she was hot. She the got up and said "Come here" She made me sit on the floor and she stodd over me and I started to lick her pussy lips with my tongue...I could smell the scent of her arousal and juices, along with the slight tang of her piss....what a great smell!! I always lover her scent....it was one of the things that I loved about her.....anyway, she began to sway again and was sort of humping my face as she grew more aroused......"Oh, I'm on fire!" she said..."You do me sooooooo good!!" She then moved away and said, "Stop now, I don't want to come yet, I just want to get really hot and the jeans will do the rest as the day goes on" She wiped her pussy and then pulled up her panties and those magnificent jeans. "Let's go out and get a beer" she said. "Sure" I said, "Where do you want to go?" "To the mall" she said, "We'll go to that sports bar there and then walk around and maybe shop a little". As I said we had already had a few beers before, and I knew that she would have to pee again soon. The traffic was pretty heavy on the way to the mall and we got caught in a couple of bottlenecks. As the traffic slowly moved ahead foot by foot, I felt Jill's legs begin to jiggle a bit. She was opening and closing them ever so slightly at a fast pace, and I knew she had to go again. "I know you love it when I do this" she said, "I used to do it on purpose sometimes just to turn you on." She continued with a sultry look on her face, "Didn't you ever wonder why I would wait till the last minute to go and pee sometimes?" "I knew you'd get turned on when I jiggled my legs and squirmed in my seat, and that would turn me on" As Jill jiggled her legs she got THAT LOOK on her face....when you get to know someone this intimately, you know that look that a girl gets on her face when she's really, really hot. 
She would jiggle for a minute and then stop and after another minute or two she would squirm a little and the she would rub her nipples. I could see that her nipples were poking through her halter top and her tits seemed to swell a little and get a little rounder. She would jiggle, stop squirm and rub her nipples,,,,,,,this went on for several minutes.....all the while she was whispering in my ear.."Oooooooohhhhhhh....honey I have to piss so bad.....I'm really horny too...I don't know whether I want to pee or cum" Stuff like that.......DAMN!!! She was driving me nuts and she knew it and that made her even hornier...I knew she had to go too, because she was squirming a little harder and jiggling a little faster and also began to rub her pussy through those tight jeans. "Oh if I keep this up, honey, I'm going to cum soon!!" she said. "I can't stop it or I'll pee in my jeans, and if I keep it up, I'll cum and that will make me piss anyway. What am I going to do?" she said this in my ear in her sexiest voice and gave me that smouldering, sexual look of hers. I said "I think I'm going out of my mind!!" She then started to rub my crotch also and said "I want you so bad" She ten said "Play with my pussy, it'll keep me from peeing" I said, "O.K."try to hold it and let me know if you're gonna come and I'll stop for a minute" As I began to rub her pussy, she would squirm more and say things to me and was panting a little. When Jill had to pee she would sometimes pant.
We finally pulled out of traffic and into the Mall parking lot. It was hard to drive properly with Jill squirming and panting and moaning, and she kept pressing my hand into her pussy and said "Don't stop, I promise I won't cum and piss in your car" but I could tell she was on the verge and I stopped and said Just a few minutes and we'll be inside. " I don't think I'll make it inside" she said..."Pull around the back" It had become dark by this time, and we found a secluded spot way in the corner of the back parking lot by some trees and a wooded area. She was squirming and rubbing again and said "OH! I'm going to cum soon!....I gotta piss so bad and my pussy's on fire!" 
We the gor out of the car and she pulled me with her into the tress and said" I gotta piss so bad and I'm soooo horny....eat my pussy through my jeans until I come" By this time I had just about lost it and I said O.K. Before I did, I watched her for a couple of minutes She was standing there and pushing her crotch in and out and rubbing first her tits and then her pussy, and she was talking all the while....she was delerious with sex and the need to pee...."Ooooh I gotta piss......Ooohhh I'm so hot.....Look at me I'm squirming cause I gotta piss and I'm gonna cum" She was saying stuff like that....I thought I was going to have a heart attack!! Finally she said "Come here and eat my pussy....my panties are so tight and they"re rubbing my pussy and I'm going to come....oooohhhh it's soooooo good....oooh eat me, baby...." I came over and sat down on the grass and she stood over me....I could look up into her crotch....her jeans were so tight I could see the lips of her pussy outlined and the line of her panties as it went up her ass and came around the front to wrap around her pussy.....she was sort of bouncing up and down a little and said "Hurry, I have to piss real bad...Make me come, honey!" I noticed there was the smallest of a wet spot on her jeans halfway down her pussy lips, and wondered "Is it piss or her juices?' I put my nose up to it and it had the sexiest smell...kind of a mixture of both. She started to squirm and pant and bounce and hump as I chewed on her clit through the tigh fabric of her jeans and panties...."Oh, oh, it's rubbing me....Oh, my panties are rubbing me....Oh, I'm gonna cum!...Oh, it's so good.....Oh honey, do me....I think i'm pissing and coming at the same time....Oh my pussy's on fire....Oh, eat my pussy................Oh, I"M COMING...I'M PISSING......OH Baby!!!!!!"
With that she exploded and came and pissed in her jeans and down onto my face....I got up and watched her in fascination.....she stood there crossing and uncrossing her legs and jiggling and bouncing and dancing and rubbing and squeezing her tits.....all the while cumming and pissing her brains out. What a sight........I then walked up to her and grabbed her and hugged and kissed her..............................
To be continued.
Jiggledigger.