The Cruise Ch. 02
	Liz has a hard time containing her pee.
Author: xxevieexx

The screeching of the garbage truck's wheels outside woke Liz at exactly 6:32am. She stretched and rolled over. Next to her was the man she had married three years ago; the one who she had lost touch with; the one she had sucked off in less than two minutes the night before. Apparently, going for two months without getting his dick sucked made for a hard and furious come. She ran her hand through his hair as she looked at him.

"Wake up sexy...we have a vacation waiting for us!" she exclaimed as she sat up. She began to bounce slightly in an effort to wake him. He cracked an eye and the first thing his gaze fell upon was her breasts. Instantly, he was awake.

They spent the next two hours packing and getting things in order. At 10:00, they left for Miami. They drove in silence for a while, both consumed by the events of the night before. Liz shifted in her seat and re-crossed her legs. As she did, Dave caught a glimpse of her white panties. He reached over, grabbed her hand & squeezed.

She smiled and turned back toward the window. Feeling his cock stir, he reached down and put his hand on her thigh, slowly climbing toward her lap. She looked at him and recognized the look in his eyes. It was the same one from last night.

"Feeling a little fresh, are you?" she asked, teasingly.

"Actually, I was thinking of feeling your cunt," he said as he grabbed her pussy. This sent a shock straight through her and her knees parted instantly.

He rubbed her through her cotton panties until he could feel how damp they had become. He looked over at her and her eyes were closed, a smile upon her lips. Keeping one hand on the wheel and an eye on the road, he slipped a finger under her panties and molested her clit while he drove.

Liz was so turned on that she was subconsciously fucking her hips to his rhythm. He moved his finger down and poked at her fuck hole, which was now dripping wet. Feeling this made Dave's cock hard as a rock.

Liz opened her eyes and looked at Dave with pure lust. She was so fucking hot for him at that moment, that she swore she would do anything he asked of her.

She noticed the camera sitting in the console. It was the only thing not packed away, because they knew they would be taking pictures before their bags were delivered to their state room on the ship.

She picked up the camera and slid open the lens. She spread her legs wide, leaned back slightly and positioned the camera cunt-high. Dave's fingers slipped into Liz's fuck hole and he held it open obscenely.

She snapped a picture and looked at it. It was the hottest thing she had ever seen. The wet panties were being pushed to the side as her cunt hole was held open by two thick fingers. You could see the wetness inside her pussy. You could see the wetness on her thighs. You could see it everywhere. Liz snapped several more pictures, each one getting progressively nastier.

It was with great disappointment that Dave took his hand away from her soaking wet pussy. They were at their exit and he knew he had to pay attention to where he was or he would never find his way to the cruise terminal.

Liz pouted. To remedy the ache that the sudden stop had caused, she began fingering her cunt.

"No, no, no! You've had two months to finger that tight little hole. Now it's MY turn and I'll be damned if I'm going to miss out on any of that juicy pussy," Dave scolded as he spanked her pussy playfully. Liz sighed and agreed to be a good girl and leave her pussy alone. She slipped her panties back over and readjusted her skirt. Soon, they were at the terminal.

They were pleasantly surprised to find the line to embark move so quick. Within about 45 minutes, they were sitting on the Lido deck, listening to the steel drum band, each sipping some over-priced fruity concoction with an umbrella in it. Finally, at 1:00 the announcement was made that the state rooms were ready and all guests were welcome to enter theirs at that time. Dave and Liz looked at each other, smiled and sucked down the last few sips of their drinks.

They entered the elevator and were squashed between an older couple from Ohio and a family on vacation from Wisconsin. As Liz tried to contain her amusement caused from the bickering couple to her right and the mania of the Wisconsin family to her left, she felt Dave's hand slip under her skirt.

Quickly, he thrust it between her thighs, causing her to lose her balance and bump into the lady from Ohio. She apologized to the woman, who shot a disapproving look at her. Liz lost it and laughed so hard, she couldn't contain herself. She had tears in her eyes from trying not to laugh, and she felt a hot tickle down her leg.

Quickly she clamped her legs together and prayed for the elevator to move quicker. A two hour car ride plus another 2 hours waiting for their room had caused Liz's bladder to overflow. They arrived at the Main deck, where their room was. As they exited the elevator, Liz whispered to Dave.

"I think I just peed my pants!" she laughed hysterically. She was not exactly sure why this whole thing was so funny to her, but she just couldn't stop. The harder she tried, the funnier it got. She felt another trickle, this time, a bit more prominent.

"Oh my GOD, Dave! I did it again! Look!" she managed to sputter out, pointing to her thigh.

There, upon her creamy white skin, was a thin yellow stream. It had trickled down her leg and now that she had felt the momentary relief, she knew she couldn't hold it any longer. As luck would have it, they arrived at their state room just in time. Dave inserted the card into the door, opened it and Liz burst inside. She tried to make a bee line for the bathroom, but Dave grabbed her by the waist and stopped her.

"Go right here," he said.

"What? Are you crazy? Come on, let me go! I really need to pee!" she begged him.

"Go right here," he repeated. "Lift up your skirt and pee through your panties. I want to watch you soak them with your hot piss," he told her.

"What the hell," she thought to herself. She lifted the denim skirt above her ass, spread her feet apart and began to piss for him. It slowly began as a soft stream but soon was a powerful jet, causing the most beautiful hissing sound Dave had ever heard.

"Oh my God, baby. That is so fucking HOT!" Dave moaned. He continued watching the piss spray from Liz's panties onto the floor. Once she was empty, she looked down and saw the puddle she had caused. Looking up at him, she blushed a deep crimson.

Dave retrieved 3 thick towels from the bathroom and placed them on the piss puddle his wife had made. As they absorbed her liquid, Dave moved to her and kissed her hard. He yanked her panties down and she stepped out of them. He quickly unzipped his shorts and pulled his cock out.

Right before Liz's eyes, she watched her husband wrap the wet panties around his cock and jerk himself off. He looked her directly in the eyes the whole time and when he came, he pulled the panties off and sprayed it into the air.

"Fuck Liz, that was so hot. I can't believe how hard I got watching you piss yourself," Dave remarked.

It was then that Liz also realized how turned on she was by the whole scene. Her clit was throbbing and she needed some relief too. She walked toward Dave and pushed him onto the bed.

"My turn," she announced.
