The castle's banquet hall was filled with assorted guests the lord had invited, all feasting and being merry. Felicia, a new servant girl of the castle, finished gulping down the contents of a tankard of ale. She shifted uncomfortably on the mahogany bench. Already the effects of the two previous tankards began to hit her bladder, and she knew that she'd have to pee soon. Looking around the hall, she noticed a number of other servant girls also looking rather uncomfortable. For reasons she didn't know, the castle's lord always made sure his female servants drank a lot during feasts. Perhaps it was some odd kink he had, she didn't know. Across the table one servant girl's face was scrunched up in agony, her hands thrust between her thighs. After a long groan she got to her feet and ran out the room, presumably due to a desperate need to relieve herself. Several other servant girls also swiftly left the hall, all with hands on their privates and noticeable bulges in their abdomens. 
A guard placed another tankard in front of Felicia and she began to drink it with a whimper. Almost as if responding in protest to the new liquid her bladder began to ache ever so slightly. She continued to consume the beverage, despite her bladder's complaints. At the far end of the hall, the lady of the castle, a tall well–endowed woman with strikingly golden blonde hair, loudly proclaimed her ability to hold her waters. She consumed two tankards in short order to the amusement of the lord and his guests. A shiver in her torso snapped Felicia's attention back to finishing the last of her tankard. Putting it down upon the table, she knew if she didn't make haste to find a pot to release her urine in soon, she'd end up soaking her tan dress. She slowly rose to her feet and shuffled out a nearby door into the hallway. With a flash of horror, she realized that she couldn't remember where the chamber pot room was. She had to search for it, then. 
She hobbled down the corridor as quickly as she could, fervently looking for the chamber pot room. The servant girl, a fairly attractive female of 22 years, chestnut hair, and a respectable bust, had to pee far worse than she ever had in her life. Her bladder, a proverbial rock in her abdomen, utterly full to its utmost brim, screamed like a banshee for relief. It gave a massive shudder, causing her to bend over with her hands thrust forcefully between her sweating, quivering thighs. After the swift yet painful spasm passed, she staggered to a door and opened it, hoping desperately to see the gilded pot that would mean relief. The room was just a mere storage room, much to her dismay and suffering, but she could hear the sound of running water. Looking around a crate, she saw the bare porcelain ass of the servant Lina, peeing onto the cold stone floor. Urine poured out of Lina's pussy like a waterfall. Felicia quickly left the room, lest the sound make her wet herself. The next chamber door was all the way at the end of the long and seemingly never–ending corridor, next to the stairs. Suppressing a whimper, she started shuffling down the empty hall. 
Her shrieking bladder began to throb, a pulsing sensation that sent the very–clear message that she had to pee urgently. Her journey was interrupted as she doubled over to stem the ever–approaching tide of urine that threatened to escape her poor, struggling nether regions. As it slowly passed she pressed her hands against her genitals and jogged to the end of the corridor. Each step caused her bladder to bounce painfully, almost making her spill her pee all over the floor. She threw open the door and found a sleeping guard in the room, supposedly guarding the scattered chests about the room. Slowly closing the door, she set off as fast as her strained bladder would let her, down the stairs. She briefly had to stop and force her hands between her legs as she felt a drop of pee escape. Regaining control, she continued her arduous journey.
"Why does the castle have to be so large?" she asked herself, "and why did the lord make his servant girls drink so much at the feasts?" She choked back tears as another scream from her completely full bladder caused her great pain. She gingerly walked down the stairs, careful to not move too much too quickly. After a tense minute she reached the landing downstairs without spilling her waters all over the floor. She cracked open the nearest door and peeked in, only to find another guest room. She slowly closed the door and continued her agonizing journey to find the chamber pot she so desperately needed. Her bladder's pounding increased in frequency, and she knew if she didn't pee soon she would surely burst. At the next hall intersection she nearly ran into a guard whom inquired about her destination.
"You, servant, where are you headed?" He asked with a booming voice. "Please sir, pray tell me where the chamber pot is. I have to pee so, so very badly it hurts." "It's just down the hall, through that door. Do your business and report to the feast hall; Lady Isabella had too much wine and released her waters all over herself. I swear– it's almost like the lord hopes for this stuff to happen." "Thank you, sir guard."
She stumbled towards the chamber pot room door, resolute in making it to there without prematurely releasing her pent–up urine. Her urethra absolutely burned, her labia shuddered under the immense strain, her bladder continued to incessantly throb, and waves of spasms racked her muscles in her groin. She arrived at the door, and saw with horror a line of other servant girls already there. All three of them were doubled over in agony, their bladders protruding rather visibly from their abdomens. With a loud whimper, one of the girls could hold it no more and started peeing where she stood. The liquid gushing from her drenched the lower half of her skirt, soaking it entirely. The sound of relief made Felicia's bladder double its efforts to evacuate its contents, and another girl opened a nearby door to a storage room, ran in and hiked up her skirt and released her bladder full of pee, cascading out in a forceful jet. The chamber pot room door opened and one servant left and the girl in front of Felicia rushed in, not even bothering to close the door before she began to pee. Felicia stared at her round ass, and the glistening stream pouring into the chamber pot... Felicia could feel herself getting aroused, though she didn't know why. Maybe it was her own bladder's strife, or seeing another woman in such a situation. Felicia didn't know why she felt aroused, but what she did know was that her bladder was about to explode. The servant finished and poured the pot's contents down the sewer–grate and left the room.
Felicia rushed in quickly and gazed upon the brass pot she had been seeking with such urgency. She closed the door and threw the bolt closed and approached the object of her relief and lifted up her skirt, removed her undergarments, and squatted over the shining metal pot. Instantly a torrent of hot pee gushed out of her greatly taxed genitals as the servant girl let out a thunderous and orgasmic sigh of relief. Her forceful cascade of urine hit the bottom of the pot with such force she was sure the sound could be heard from outside. The feeling of relief was so, so good. She nearly thought she would orgasm from the pleasure of it. After half a minute pee continued to pour out of her pussy, and continued still to flood out even after a full minute. It took a minute and a half for her poor bladder to completely empty its contents. She gazed upon the pot and was surprised to see it was over half full. She was amazed at how much pee her bladder had managed to contain. Her bladder finally relieved, she put her undergarments on and left the chamber, heading off to the feast hall. 
By: Von Lewis