Bladder problems! Not something that I'd ever experienced and something to joke about with friends – who do sometimes admit to embarrassing leaks when laughing or coughing or in a couple of cases not quite making it home from the pub in time! I always found these confessions rather amusing as I did the Tena adverts on TV – I could not believe that all these people wet themselves or needed 'protection' to keep their knickers dry. That someone might enjoy wetting their pants or even their bed was unbelievable. But then it happened – totally unexpected, very embarrassing (at the time) but ultimately amazing.Perhaps some background is in order. I'm Rachel, and no spring chicken being in my late 40's though I've kept quite a trim figure, married and with two children who have at last left home after university. Despite two pregnancies I have a good pelvic floor and usually a very strong bladder. Although I've always enjoyed a good sex life with my husband having two young adults in the house was rather offputting and despite now having the house to ourselves sex has remained irregular and dare I say it, rather boring and as a result I had become a bit frustrated. Not any more though. So back to the main event. It all began with a girly night out while my husband was away on business. Although it started off with serious intentions we ended up in the pub as usual and though I don't usually drink much I did get rather carried away this time. By late evening we were dashing off to the loo every twenty minutes or so and with all the joking and laughter the usual suspects in our group had already disgraced themselves so they said, much to the amusement of those of us with proper self control. Karen in particular clearly had a problem and when she dashed to the loo after a particularly raucous laugh had a very obvious wet patch on the back of her fawn skirt, not that she seemed concerned or had even noticed it, which rather surprised me.By the time we decided to head home I was, unusually for me, rather drunk. Normally I stick to a couple of glasses of wine and soft drinks but the pub had been having a cider festival so we all sampled rather more than we originally intended. Cider of course does tend to go right through you hence our frequent trips to the ladies. Anyway, we paid one last visit and headed for the taxi rank. It took a while to get a cab and by the time we did I needed a wee yet again and I wasn't the only one. Fortunately the journey was only fifteen minutes or so and as we live close to each other decided to all go to Sharon's place and walk the rest of the way, a further five minutes in my case.We piled out of the cab, said our rather prolonged goodbyes and headed for our homes. By this time I really needed the loo quite badly and considered asking to use Sharon's toilet but Karen, who lives in my street was in a hurry to get home so we walked off before I could ask. Hardly had we turned the corner when Karen blurted out that she was so desperate for a wee it was almost running down her leg. I laughingly reminded her that it was rather obvious that she had already had one accident tonight, for some weird reason saying that another wouldn't make much difference. Karen just felt her bottom, giggling that she hadn't realised it was that bad and in which case there was no point hanging on when she was bursting, even if we were nearly home. With that she stopped in her tracks, spread her legs slightly and just wet herself! I stood there incredulous as a torrent poured down her leg and a huge puddle spread round her feet and ran towards the gutter. I don't think I had ever witnessed another mature woman lose control of herself like this and could hardly believe what I was seeing, yet Karen seemed totally unconcerned at what she had just done. Seeing the look of horror on my face though she began to apologise profusely, saying she had been so desperate she just could not hold on. I simply said that I understood and that we had better get her home. Yet my mind was in a whirl at what I had witnessed and most curiously I was strangely aroused. I was also even more desperate for a wee than ever after seing her relief and was increasingly in danger of having an accident myself.We reached Karen's front door and I helped her find her key, taking a lingering look at her wet skirt and legs in the light from the hallway, still intrigued by the sight of a grown woman who had wet herself, apparently deliberately. She apologised again and asked me not to say anything to the others, adding that she had better go and change before her husband got home.A final quick goodbye and I headed as fast as I could for home, about 200 metres away in a small close at the end of the main street. I was absolutely bursting by now and my usually iron control was really being tested. A couple of times I even had to stop to squeeze my thighs together and even hold myself – but I was still dry.Finally I reached my front door but then the key wouldn't fit! In a panic I kept trying it, not helped by my rather drunken state and aching bladder until I realised that I had picked up the back door key by mistake. By now I was absolutely frantic for the loo, crossing my legs and bouncing up and down like a silly teenager, even openly holding myself but I still had to get indoors. Hobbling to the side gate to the garden I had to stretch up to reach over the top to slide the bolt.That did it – I leaked! A steady dribble of wee spread a warm wetness in my pants and try as I might I just could not stop it. Pushing the gate shut I tried to shuffle the three steps to the door, key in hand. But it was already too late. With each step a hot jet of wee escaped, straight through my knickers and tights and running down my leg. In panic, and confusion I put the key in the lock but as the door opened all semblance of control left me. Before I could move my bladder just gave up and a torrent of wee poured out, filling my knickers, streaming in rivers down my legs, filling my shoes and forming a huge puddle on the step. The impossible had happened!My mind was in turmoil. I was flushed with embarrassment and feelings of horror that I, of all people was wetting myself. There were other feelings too. The surprise at losing control, amazement at how hot it felt on my skin, how wet it felt and of course the overwhelming relief from releasing a bursting bladder. Then there was the surprisingly pleasant, even arousing feeling between my legs, the warmth and tickling sensation washing over my private parts, my soaking knickers against my skin and the warmth down my legs. I seemed to wee for ever, the feelings of exquisite relief increasing exponentially until out of the blue an incredible orgasm overwhelmed me.As my bladder finally drained I just stood there trembling, wee still dripping down my legs and from the back of my skirt, completely unable to move and almost in shock at what had just happened. I stood there unable to move for what seemed an age but was probably no more than a minute until I composed myself and went indoors. For some reason I took off my shoes and rinsed them in the kitchen sink before leaving them to dry by the back door, hung my jacket over the back of a chair before, still in a haze, I stumbled upstairs.On the landing I caught sight of myself in the full–length mirror and paused to see what I looked like. Wet streaks were visible down my grey tights and the back of my skirt had a huge wet patch that broadened along the hem. It was pretty obvious, had anyone been looking, that I had well and truly wet myself. I'm not sure why but I undid my skirt and let it drop to the floor so that I was standing in just my underwear and blouse, fascinated by the wet stains on my knickers and legs.Intrigued, I inspected the damage. I was wearing silky pale blue knickers, grey tights plus a pair of fawn Sloggi control briefs to keep my tights up (and tummy in). The Sloggis were wet in the gusset, half way up my bottom at the back and part way up the front while my tights were soaked down my inner thighs and mainly down the back of my legs. All the while watching myself in the mirror I ran my hand over my wet bottom and thighs, still warm and very wet. Then I felt between my legs. The result was electric – my clit was throbbing and despite the orgasm when my bladder burst I just wanted to come again.Stumbling into my bedroom I threw back the duvet, pulled my control briefs and tights down to my knees, lay down with my legs apart and rubbed myself through my soaking satin knickers, enthralled by the incredible feeling of warm wet and slippery material massaging my most sensitive places. Never had masturbation felt so good. Then I came. A shuddering orgasm ripple through me, better than I had had in ages. I cried out in pleasure as my body released its pent up tensions, feeling a new hot wetness in my knickers and under my bottom as my bladder let me down for a second time. I'd wet my pants and now I'd wet my bed but at that moment I just didn't care.Exhausted (and still rather drunk) I lay back and must have gone to sleep as the next thing I knew was being awoken by the ache of a bursting bladder and with a throbbing head. In my groggy state I could not understand why my pants, bottom and the sheet felt damp, nor, as I tried to get out of bed, why my tights were still half on. As I came round I began to remember what had happened, initial feelings of embarrassment and disgust fading as I recalled the wonderful orgasms. I lay back again, thinking about those feelings for a while, just trying to make sense of it all. I'd wet myself, something that I had never done before, indeed the very idea of it horrified me yet it had aroused me like nothing else for years.Then I felt a twinge in my now desperate bladder and instinctively rubbed myself, finding my knickers still damp yet strangely comfortable. My clit responded to my touch and I began to gently caress myself again, waves of pleasure washing over me. As I rubbed myself little dribbles and spurts of pee warmed my knickers and trickled down my bottom, the feeling adding to my pleasure. Suddenly the trickles became a torrent as my bladder released, a hot flood spreading round my bottom further soaking the already wet sheet. As the flood died away my orgasm enveloped me. I was in ecstasy.I lay back, totally sated and must have fallen asleep again as when I came round again it was daylight. Throwing back the duvet I slowly got out of bed, curious about and also fearful of the state of the bed. I was soaked from head to foot – my knickers clung to me as did the blouse I had not taken off, while a massive wet stain covered much of the bottom sheet. The duvet and cover were also damp. A day earlier I would have been mortified and absolutely disgusted with myself if I had merely leaked in my pants and I think I would have died of shame had I wet my bed. But I didn't feel any of this – I'd wet my pants and my bed in the same night yet I didn't care. In fact I wanted to enjoy those lovely feelings again but first some washing was required!I stripped the bed with some trepidation as to the state of my mattress. The quilted top cover was dripping wet but fortuitously had a waterproof backing and the anti–allergy cover (dust mites make my asthma worse) was dry, and, when I checked also waterproof. This was a real relief as I did not want to have to explain a wet mattress to my husband when he got home the next day. As it was the washing machine had to work overtime!However, I still had the rest of Sunday to myself and I have to admit that I did indulge in my new pleasure once again that afternoon. I dressed as I had the previous evening drank a lot of tea and let, myself become desperate again, dashing into the wet room just as I began to lose control and thrilling again to the feeling of the hot wetness in my knickers and down my legs.Work and my husband's imminent return put paid to further exploration and I was certainly not yet ready to confide in Peter or have an accident in front of him as I was terrified of an adverse reaction. That would have to wait but I was really looking forward to his next business trip when I would have private time to explore my new pleasures.By: Poseidon