Lunch Piss Ch. 02
	Janine springs a leak and gets her man.
Author: wyldechylde

Janine sat in her boss's office waiting for him to finish his briefing. After a long weekend all she really wanted to think about now was what to do when she saw Mark again. Their last meeting had been a surprise for her and not only when he walked in on her walking around nude in the offices but her brazen act of peeing while they spoke. He had responded well and in the heat of the moment she asked him to piss on her, which he did much to her delight. When she got home that night she pulled her roommate's wife out of bed and raped her silly.

"Wow, what got into you?" Janine's exhausted captive asked while tied up to the dining room table. She was face down on the table with Janine behind her untying the ropes that held her in place. Her husband was sound asleep in the bedroom.

"I met this guy at work." Janine blushed despite herself.

"Uh-oh don't tell me we're going to loose you." Victoria moaned. Janine released her hands from their bonds.

"No hell no. At least I hope not, he's pretty kinky so hopefully he'll understand."

"Kinky huh? You realize I'm going to have to meet him to give you my seal of approval." Janine laughed and hugged Victoria tightly.

"So what's the occasion?" her boss asked when he was done. Janine hadn't even been paying attention to what he was saying.

"Excuse me?" she asked snapping back to the present.

"The occasion. I've never seen you wear make-up before." He pointed at her.

"Oh. I'm surprised you noticed."

"Obviously. Ok the night shift is yours. Don't do anything I wouldn't do." He walked out of the office and Janine waved to him feeling slightly embarrassed. She didn't think her boss really noticed her except for the work she did for him but she had just been proven wrong. If he knew that she never wore make-up to work what else did he know?

Gathering up her cleaning supplies took only a few minutes so she took some time to look herself over in the mirror. She brushed her hair, touched up her face and tightened up the waistline of her jeans. She wore a simple outfit that hugged her curves like it was painted on but was easy to clean, she did have a job to do after all. Walking into the hallway towards the bathrooms she kept an eye on the open office doors hoping to catch a glimpse of Mark somewhere but after several minutes of looking she couldn't see him anywhere. Rushing through the restrooms and rapidly re-stocking the toilet paper she walked back through the hallways again looking for Mark. Had he gone home already?

"Hey Mike did Mark come to work today?" Janine asked her old friend.

"Yeah Wendy he's working late as usual."

"Janine Mike and thanks. If you see him let him know I said hi."

"Really?" Mike said raising one eyebrow.

"None of your business." Janine bumped her hip against Mike's.

"Your name is Janine? I didn't know that." Janine laughed and blushed as she scurried away to finish cleaning the closed offices before her middle of the shift nude break. Grinning from ear to ear like a schoolgirl she paid little attention to the garbage she was dumping and tried to think about how the encounter with Mark would go tonight if she could arrange it. In fact she spent so much time trying to figure out how it would go she found herself staring off into space standing in the middle of one of the offices with Mark staring right at her.

"Janine?" he asked waving one hand in front of her, he was standing barely ten feet away and Janine had never seen him enter the room.

"Oh my god!" she shrieked clapping one hand over her mouth and laughing. "Um hi, yeah I was just thinking about you." She stammered.

"Wow, the way you were distracted you must have been thinking pretty hard."

"Well I was thinking that you would be pretty hard." She smiled shyly.

"Ooo, do tell."

"Nope. You know where to meet me." She bumped her hip against Mark's as she exited the office laughing like a little girl. Mark didn't say anything but a quick glimpse over her shoulder let Janine see him watching her leave. She swayed her hips seductively as she walked out of the main entrance. With one obstacle down she moved on to her duties around the groups of offices taking out garbage, cleaning off computer screens and generally tidying up. Unfortunately the excitement of meeting Mark again had distracted her so much that she was now behind, the sign to all clear was being made by security and she still had three rooms to go before her normal stoppage.

"Oh well." she muttered to herself. "I guess I'm just going to have to work my ass off after my break." She decided not to undress this time while she was running the dust broom through the empty hallways in a hurry.

"Have you seen any..."

"Nope." Janine cut off the security guard and whisked past him broom in both hands. The floor was clear for the most part but Janine was certain that Mark was walking around somewhere so to get ready for the encounter she chugged a bottle of water, something to fill her bladder just in time for the critical moment. Eager to get things started she was surprised as she was let down to find that it was still another twenty minutes until the official start of her lunch break. Having just chugged a twenty four-ounce bottle of water she began to worry that the urge to pee might become too much for her too soon. While she wasn't exactly trying to pull off a scientific experiment timing was still important if she was going to catch Mark off-guard like she had the last time. All she could do was hope she had the self-control to hold it long enough to make her mark on Mark.

Walking into the break room she liked to hang out in she was caught by surprise to see Mark already waiting for her beers in hand.

"Hi there." She greeted him with a hug and took the beer he offered her. Like the last one it was non-alcoholic since they would be in enough trouble if they were ever caught, no need to increase the punishment needlessly.

"Didn't feel like waiting for you to strip so I dropped in early. Thanks for the invite." He said sitting down.

"Thank you for coming, its good to see you again." She took a seat next to him and turned it so that they were facing each other. Spreading her legs she took a long sip of her beer and waited for the urge to pee to grow strong enough to cut loose.

"So what's new?" he asked taking a sip.

"Not much really. Had a good weekend off but off course this place is just that much dirtier when I got back so I've been working a lot harder than usual."

"I know the feeling, the project we were working on last week has been taking way too long and since we weren't allowed to come in over the weekend we have to work that much later during the week. It sucks ass."

"So how about your ex-wife? She been giving you any shit?" Janine asked.

"Oddly enough we got into a fight and I told her that I was treated better by a girl that wanted me to piss on her than she was."

Janine almost choked on her beer. "You aren't serious?"

"I am. It was a pretty heated fight."

"What did she say?" Janine was almost afraid to ask.

"Nothing really she didn't believe that I had pissed one someone. Honestly I'm not sure I believe it myself."

The pressure in Janine's bladder increased rapidly, she wasn't sure she could hold it much longer.

"Well you did and you did a great job of it too, especially for a first timer."

"Really? How does one do a great job of pissing on you so one can do it over and over again?" he took a long swing of his beer and shifted uncomfortably making Janine wonder if he had to pee really bad too.

"Make sure to spread the spray across my tits hitting my nipples right on the tips. Mostly what I like about being pissed on is how it feels. It feels hot to the touch and that heat doesn't just hit you on the surface it actually goes deeper than the skin. I'm not sure if I can explain it better than that." Janine took another deep swig of her beer when she realized she had almost finished it. "Wow, I'm thirstier than I thought."

"Careful or it'll go right through you." Mark warned. Janine decided to take that as a cue and finished the last little bit of beer while unleashing the hold she'd had on her pee. It only took a couple of seconds and at first only a few spurts came out but it was enough to form a small wet spot on the crotch of her jeans since she wasn't wearing panties.

"Well that's why I brought the beer." Mark noticed that Janine's crotch was growing wetter by the second. "Having an accident?" he motioned with his forefinger.

"Huh?" she asked and looked down pretending not to know that she was soaking her jeans. By now the wet spot had grown to cover her groin area and some urine could be seen seeping through the fabric to form a puddle on the chair she was sitting in.

"Oh god damn it." She cursed. "Don't you hate this? You're sitting down having a brewsky with a buddy and you spring a leak. Oh well, only thing I can do is let it all leak out." She propped up her head with one arm chuckling softly. By now the puddle on the chair was spilling off onto the floor making a loud splattering sound as the liquid hit the hard linoleum. Not that she cared her mop and bucket were readily at hand so she could handle the cleanup with ease. Her bladder pumped and pumped its load of hot urine through her jeans and onto the floor and Mark simply sat directly across from her and watched with interest as the supply of hot piss fell off the front and back of the chair to make a large puddle of yellow pee at Janine's feet. All too soon her bladder ran out and she had to clamp it off but with the addition of the beer she was certain she would have more for later after things really heated up.

"Looks like I've got some cleaning up to do." Janine stood up to get her mop.

"Hang on a second." Mark asked standing. "Let's wait a minute before you do that, I don't want you to have to clean up twice."

"My Mark, whatever do you mean?" Janine asked in mock innocence. She was taking off her soaking jeans as she asked him that. Mark walked up to her and started to lift her shirt once her jeans were free of her body.

"I mean that I have to piss really bad and I'm not going to make it to the bathroom so I guess I'm just going to have to piss on you." He removed her shirt displaying her naked body in all its tattooed glory.

"Mark, Mark, Mark you really need to learn self control." Janine told him kneeling on the floor in the puddle she made earlier. Mark undid the belt of his pants and pulled them and his underwear off standing in front of her nude from the waist down. Janine lifted her chin waiting for the spray of piss that Mark was about to dowse her in.

"Sorry, I guess I just haven't figured out my limit yet." He held his dick to point directly at her chest and started to piss. Janine Smiled and closed her eyes when the initial blast of urine hit her directly between her tits. Mark did as she told him and aimed his urine stream over her love mounds paying special attention to her nipples. He even lowered his dick to hit her belly and then raised it to spray her chest just below her chin. Unable to control her horny desire she opened her mouth and took his dick into her mouth and began to blow Mark while he pissed. Most of his urine was ejected out of her mouth while she sucked him but some of it stayed so she had to release him to spit it out before taking him back into her mouth again. Marks' cock began to stiffen but not enough to stop him from peeing, Janine spewed more of his urine and then released him to finish peeing on her tits which he did a few moments later.

"Wow, you're really into this aren't you?" Janine asked Mark. She stood up and started stroking his cock to a rigid stiffness.

"Yeah, I guess you woke up something inside me that I didn't even know I had." After pulling off the rest of his suit Mark started to tease Janine's nipples and rub her pussy while kissing her and nibbling on her neck.

"Ummm, you sure know how to turn a lady on." Janine moaned.

"Let's get out of the pool." The lover's combined urine had formed a huge puddle on the floor forcing them to walk to the other side of the break room by the counter. Janine kneeled in front of Mark and took the head of his dick into her mouth. She teased the head with the tip of her tongue and slowly moved her mouth along his shaft until she had taken him all the way down to the hilt. Once she had swallowed him whole she pulled her head to the head again and repeated the cycle. Mark apparently got tired of slow motion cock sucking and took a handful of her hair at the base of her neck and started pumping her head back and forth along his dick.

Janine held him in her mouth and moaned loudly at the horny lust he was generating but pulling her hair and face fucking her. Eventually her shoved her mouth onto him so fast she couldn't brace herself and choked on him. He lifted hr head long enough for her to re-gain her composure before face fucking her again and pumping her head so fast she ended up choking again and a load of spittle fell from her mouth onto her tits.

"Like that?" Mark asked her forcefully.

"Yes sir." Janine responded. She hadn't expected Mark to be so dominating but she was loving every second of it.

"Good, suck that cock some more." Janine held her mouth open for Mark to stuff his dick inside and face fuck her again. It was taking less and less time for Janine to choke and she did two more times with more and more spittle falling onto her tits. Already covered in piss the spit was making her into an erotic mess that was driving mark wild. He picked Janine up and sat her on the counter before diving between her legs and lapping up her juices.

"Probably doesn't taste very good covered in pussy juice and piss." Janine smiled leaning her head back and closing her eyes tightly.

"Tastes salty but otherwise not bad." He said between tickling her clit with his tongue and trying to drive it as deep into her pussy as he could.

"The salty taste is the urine." She breathed heavily her chest heaving under the assault of his tongue. He licked and teased and licked and sucked her into a frenzy, Janine started thrashing her head back and forth trying to whip her hair around in the air sometimes hitting mark as he ate her out.

"My god that feels so good." Janine whispered through heavy breaths her mouth hanging open. "Fuck me please."

"Your wish is my command." Mark rose and took hold of both of Janine's legs while she guided him inside of her. He entered her with ease and she cried out once he was all the way in.

"Jesus your pussy is tight." Mark announced.

"Fuck me like you want to kill me." Janine took hold of his hair and started moving her hips back and forth trying to get Mark to start fucking her but he stood still.

"Nah, you fuck me." He sneered.

"Fucking asshole. FUCK ME!" she moved back and forth but his penis moved with her and didn't slide inside and out very much. Janine tugged at Mark's hair so hard she thought she was going to pull it out. Finally Mark slapped Janine on the face and she let go of his hair falling back on her elbows. Mark took hold of her legs again and started pumping his cock into her with the force of a jackhammer. Janine moaned loudly with each impact of his hips against her body her mouth hanging open and eyes clamped shut.

"You like this too?" Mark asked her.

"Yes, yes, yes." She said with each strike of Mark's body. She was going wild with lust and felt herself on the brink of exploding all over Mark's hard cock. She tried to hold back and wait but Mark was fucking her exactly the way she liked, exactly the way her roommate's wife fucked her with her strap-on. Mark frenzied fucking finally pushed Janine to the breaking point and she started screaming at the top of her lungs not caring if her voice could be herd by the security guards or not. Mark shuddered and pulled his cock out as Janine bucked wildly caught in the throws of her orgasm. Taking his member in one hand he shot spurt after spurt of hot come onto her heaving belly finally stumbling backwards struggling to catch his breath.

"FUCK THAT WAS HOT!" Janine screamed hopping off the counter and wrapping Mark up in a tight hug kissing him deeply. "I loved every second of it please tell me it won't be the last time!"

"Oh hell no I hope to do that and whole lot more to you." He laughed. "You won't get rid of me that easily."

"Good, now clean up bitch my lunch isn't over yet." Janine sat down in one of the chairs and propped her feet up on the table. Mark obeyed taking the mop out of the bucket and wringing out the water.

"Fine but you're going to pay for this later." He warned.

"Oooo goody."
