Subject: Wet Summer in the Mountains (story)

From: Anon  (Best from Odin)

I had been down to the lake to collect two fish-nets which had been out for the night, just to find that they were empty. I was tidying the nets and hanging them to dry outside my small boathouse, as a young woman (18 - 20 years) came ashore with her tiny light weight row-boat.

I had seen her before as she was staying with her family in a camp trailer further up by the road on my property, and they has asked me for permission to park there. They seemed to be a happy family.

I myself am a quite ordinary scandinavian male of about 40 years, loving outdoor life and the calm and quiet summers at this mountain farm which I have taken care of for some years now.

I said hello to the young woman, and asked her how everything was with her and her family. She talked and laughed, and seemed quite friendly.

She kept sitting in her small boat while we were talking, as if she was waiting for someone. I eventually I asked her if she was to take another rowing trip on the lake, or if she was coming up. She seemed a bit confused, but answered that she would come up now.

I was wondering if I could help her to lift the the boat up on the beach, but she refused. As I turned my back at her to continue with my own chores, I heard splashing in the water. She had fallen in as the small boat had turned over in the water, and she was swimming the last few feet to the shore. This seemed a bit odd - but maybe she wanted to take a bath, though the water was definitely quite cold high in the mountains even in the summer.

"Ooops, I guess I fell in" she said excusing herself. I smiled but wondered if she was ok. There was no obvious reason for her to fall in the water right there - the lake was calm and it was quite easy to get on land where she was. As she came out of the water, I could see that she was wearing some colorful tight bike shorts made of cotton, showing her white panties underneath. She had a t-shirt on and everything was totally wet, clinging to her nice, braless body.

I am a great lover of watersports (all kinds..) and the art of pants-peeing - especially watching women soaking themselves. As you all probably know in this field, women often give themselves completely away through body posture and gestures rather than the pouring of urine becoming visible out of their clothes. All of a sudden I became aware of the fact that this young woman most likely had had an accident while out rowing, that she had peed her pants out there on the lake, and was struggling to hide it from me.

As soon as she was onshore, she spread her legs slightly and was looking down at her crotch - as if anything would reveal her deed more than just that looking. I was standing inside the small boathouse and could see her through some openings in the paneling, but she could obviously not see me. I got quite excited by the situation, and stood still and looked at her.

She started to look around to see if I or anyone else was watching her. I made myself busy inside the boathouse, and she probably decided that she was all alone. The door was on the other end of the house, and she could not know that small openings between the old wooden panelling made for excellent peep-holes.

She was now standing on a small beach some 10-15 feet away from the boathouse. No-one could see her (except for me) and it was far from other people. She was facing the boathouse and me, probably to make sure that if I came out, she would know imediately.

When she had decided she was all alone, she put her right hand comfortably down between her legs stroking gently over her bulging sex and then she bent her knees slightly. My heart was pounding with excitement as I watched this young beautiful woman standing there in the open and pushing the rest of her bladders contents right into her tights. I must admit I could not see any water, but from her posture, and from the movements of her stomach and her chest, and her stroking, what she did was obvious. After some seconds she wiped off what must have been some excess wetness from the inside of her tighs and legs, and proceded to pull her small boat up on the beach.

I could of course have remained still, just enjoying the sight, but I could not resist the urge to exploit the situation even more. The fact that she had been peeing her clothes while standing almost upright, and probably even letting it run out right in her hand, told me that I might have to do with a young playful woman on the verge of becoming a true pee lover.

I went outside and walked over to her saying: "Oh I didn't know you needed to go to the bathroom - there is a small toilet inside the boathouse, you may use that the next time - if you would want to."

She blushed and said looking clearly ashamed "My god, I didn't know you were watching - could you see it - could you see that I did it!?"

"Well, not exactly, but judging from the way you were standing when I came out of the boathouse, I figured you maybe needed - or eh - had not been able to hold it in any more."

She looked at me with big, sad eyes, and nodded. Then she said: "Please don't tell my parents. You see - it is probably quite crazy - like.. I'm a big girl.." she giggled and laughed when she said this " and I'm not supposed to do this kind of things, but sometimes, like when I am out rowing, I suddenly need to go so badly, that I.. I, that it just happens. And then when I came ashore, and was all wet.. from falling in the water... then I don't like to undress in strange places, like here, so I figured, no-one would know, and since I was already was wet from falling in the lake .. I would just do the rest. But I'm so terribly ashamed that you saw me do it.. " Then she shed a couple of tears.

I had to come to her rescue, and said: "No, no, no, this is the way we live up here in the mountains - you didn't hurt anyone - and I guess you didn't get hurt yourself. If you keep it to yourself, I will tell you that I now and then do the same thing while out fishing. Standing up and peeing in s small boat is dangerous! So don't be ashamed young friend, those are natural needs and functions."

"So you just pull down your pants - and pee down in the boat !!??" She asked - obviously curious. My speculations about her pee-interest had been strengthened. "No" I said, and smiled. "I just let it flow" "You - you - you mean that you too do it in your pants??" She said - her voice was telling a tale of a slightly excited young woman. I was actually quite hot myself, and wondering where this could lead. I answered her in the tone of a mature much older man who had done this many times.

"Yes, I let my stream out right in my pants - wether they are Lewis or loose cotton pants, or just a swim suit. Here I am all alone and no-one needs to know. But of course I jump in the water afterwards - or go in the shower if it is too cold. I like clean clothes. But you know - fresh pee is quite clean. I guess you know that. I guess this isn't the first time you have let your water .. er .. take the easy way out so to speak.." added in a laughing tone. We both smiled. She had loosened up now, and was smiling and jiggling at my telling her all this.

"But please don't tell my parents" she begged. They think my wetting habits are quite a problem - and they get angry with me if they learn that even you found out. "I Promise" I said, "if you don't tell them of mine. She smiled and picked up her bag which she had left behind the boathouse, and was heading for the trail back up to the camper, when I said: "You may change here, if you wish."

She smiled, stopped for a second, and then she walked down to the boathouse where I stood with my fishing-nets. Without a word she stepped inside the small old wooden building. Just five, six feet away from me she pulled her wet t-shirt over her head, and pulled het wet shorts down. I tried not to look too much, but I had my eyes on her almost all the time. She saw that I was looking, and smiled a shy, little smile. She was about to pull down her panties, but hesitated and left them on. She put on a loose shorts and a sweet colourful summer tank top.

We both exchanged careful smiles. When she passed me on the way out, she noticed the small openings between the woodwork in the walls of the boathouse. She didn't say anything, but I got a litte embarrassed and I guess she noticed that. Without a word she came over to me, stretched on her toes and gave me a very quick, girlish kiss on my cheek - and then she was gone so quickly that I did not get the opportunity to return it.

As she walked up the trail I shouted after her: "We should take a boat trip together one day...."

