Title: Desperate Girls' Camping Club

By: Sam

I don't know exactly how it all came to be, but my girlfriend Samantha set it up for me and her to spend a holiday weekend camping with her friend from work Erica and Erica's boyfriend Bob. I was a little uneasy about the whole thing, ever since I'd been appointed (by Sammi) as group leader. What in the hell is there to lead on a camping trip? I do a lot of camping, but always as a means to an end; namely hunting, fishing, work, or simple solitude. And I wasn't going to get any of the above on a trip with Sammi and another couple. I saw through it from the get go, some sort of feeble attempt to either pull me more into the yuppie mainstream, or for Sammi and her friends to feel somehow removed from it. For my part, I make good money, but professional timber falling is not the sort of occupation most people associate with the "y" word. And yet, here I was, with a boatload of shit crammed into my battered old Chevy Blazer, headed up for the woods.

Of course, having Sammi in the passenger seat made it a little easier to take. With her laughing brown eyes, silky blonde hair, and bright smile, she made everything pretty easy to take. It being a warm afternoon, she was wearing a snug fitting white t-shirt that hinted at but didn't emphasize the fullness of her breasts, and dressy white shorts that made her tanned legs seem even longer. She kissed me as soon as she flounced into my truck, and we set off to meet her friends.

She looked around my truck with a critical eye as soon as she got inside. "Thanks for doing this, Jer," she said. "Erica's really excited about it. She's practically talked about nothing else for the past three days!"

"Well, I hope you all are not disappointed. We're not far from home if you decide you don't like it." She smiled at me when I looked over at her, and I figured, one way or another, everything would be all right. She really was a beautiful girl, about five foot eight, maybe one twenty or so, I guess. Next to my six foot six two hundred forty pound frame, she looked pretty small. But for all her attributes, it was her smile that had won me from the start. We had a long drive ahead of us, so before we picked up the others, we stopped at a fast food joint and got a couple sodas. I love those monster large drinks they serve nowadays. Sipping our sodas, we cruised on over to Erica's (or was it Bob's) apartment.

I had never met either of them, but they were easy to pick out; the couple dressed for safari standing on the sidewalk next to a pile of stuff. Sammi waved, the girl on the sidewalk waved back, the guy next to her waved, and I fought back the urge to belch as loud as I could. I parked the car instead.

The girl on the sidewalk was squealing and jumping up and down like she had to take a piss; Sammi jumped out of the car and did the same. The guy with the girl on the sidewalk looked at them with disdain. I got out and walked around to meet him. "Jerry Walker," I said, holding out my hand. He was a little sawed off dude with a thin nose and a pathetic excuse for a moustache smeared on his upper lip, which he seemed to have to fight to keep from curling.

"I'm Bob," he said in a tone of voice that made me wonder what exactly he was doing with the beautiful, just finished jumping and squealing girl that was walking up next to him, eyes downcast as she peered up at me.

"Hi Bob," I said as we shook hands. I wasn't gonna be a jerk, no way, not to Sammi's friends. This meant a lot to her. "And you'd be Erica?" I asked the girl.

She nodded as she shook my hand. "Hi Jerry. Sam's told me all about you."

"Uh-huh," was all I could think to say. She was a real knockout, this girl. Shorter than Sammi, maybe five five or so, built about the same, but with dark, straight shoulder length hair. With Sammi you noticed her smile, maybe that and her hair, then her eyes and the rest of her. With this girl, it was a tossup between noticing her full lips or her blue eyes. Or maybe her hair...it was hard to take her in all at once. I mean, I really care for Sammi, and no girl would catch my eye so to speak, but, strictly from a textbook definition type perspective, you had to acknowledge Erica's beauty. There was just no getting around it.

"Is this your truck?" she asked.

"All mine," I said, hoisting half of the bulky bundles on the sidewalk in one hand and carting them off to my truck.

Ah, is there any part of the female anatomy that I don't love? This time it was slender waists I appreciated, as Sammi and Erica split the remainder of the parcels between them and carried them over. Erica was dressed a lot like Sammi; snug t-shirt, light blue, and tight short khaki shorts, with patch pockets front and back, with flaps over them. Not that there was any risk of anything falling out if she managed to get it wedged in. We're talking tight shorts. Bob sort of put his thumb on his lower lip and watched the proceedings. Maybe he was thinking the same sorts of things as I about the girls. Maybe he was wishing he was one of them. I don't know. Bob was wearing a camouflage army jacket, many pockets and flaps, and khaki shorts like Erica's, except thankfully) longer and looser. The extra length, of course, accommodated extra pockets, also with flaps.

After minimal discussion amongst the other three, it was determined Sammi and Erica would ride in back, with me and Bob up front. Gosh, the passenger seat is busted; won't slide forward; the girls have to get in on the driver's side. My side. Oh, my, those shorts do have to stretch tightly as the girls duck into the back seat. How I love the outline of tight stretched bikini panties showing through clothes.

Bob got settled and I got in and lit off my motor. I idled out onto the street and we started our trip. "Is this a four wheel drive?" asked Bob as I worked it through the gears.

"Yeah," I said.

That was about all we had to say for the next hour or so, although the girls in back were yakking away. I stopped at a small town for fuel; noone had the bad taste to offer to help pay the thirty eight dollar bill. I went to the crapper and took a piss, then bought a six pack of cold sodas as I was paying for the fuel. I had lots of cold sodas in the cooler; but it always has sort of a holiday feel, buying a soda and popping it and drinking it as you walk out of the store. Everyone else was in the truck, waiting for me. I glanced at my watch as I got inside and passed the sodas around. "We oughtta get to the campground just before dark. Everyone all pissed out?"

"The ladies was engaged," said Erica as I started the engine.

"Engaged?" I said.

"Someone was in there using it," said Bob. He made a little smacking noise and settled against the door, clutching his soda. I motored us on down the highway, away from the crowds and traffic, taking a turn here, a turn there, hoping I could find the place and hoping it wouldn't be over occupied when we got there. Sammi and Erica were still talking, much more quietly, in back, and Bob was pouting away in front. Slowly it dawned on me; Bob didn't like Sammi! He'd turn around every now and then, make this little smacking noise with his lips as if in distaste, then, back to staring straight ahead.

Three or four times later, I had to press it. "Is everything alright?" I asked him.

"Now that you ask, no. I need to wee," he said.

"Wee? Like, take a piss?"

Again with the smacked lips. "Yes." A little sigh.

"Well, you want me to just pull over? Hey girls. Bob's gotta take a piss. How about you?"

Stereo groans. "Pleeeease?" they asked together. It sounded funny, they both started giggling, then both moaned and clutched themselves as the giggling loosened their holds on their bladders.

"You want me to just pull over here?" I said as I started to edge onto the wide graveled shoulder. "No, get us to a toilet," cried Erica.

"Well, at least Bob..."

"We've got to wait, let Bob wait," said Sammi. Sweet Sammi!

"You want me to stop?" I asked Bob.

He reached down into his crotch, gripped himself. "I can wait," he said. I downshifted and pulled back on the road.

We got to the last town before the campground about thirty minutes later. I cruised the main drag slowly, but it was after six pm and nothing was open except for a gas station with a large red sign out front that said "No Restrooms." I kept going. For my part, I hadn't had to piss that bad at the first place, about an hour and a half earlier, but I had. Bob and the girls, at that time, had all had to piss but had been denied. Although why Bob hadn't gone was beyond me. Since then, Bob and I had each had a soda, and the girls had each had two sodas. I dug out an empty can from under my seat and got out my can of snuff and took a pinch. Bob sneered as I worked it into place between my cheek and gum. "WHAT is THAT?" he asked.

I spit in the empty can. "Copenhagen. What a wad of flavor! It's fresh, you want some?"

"Thank you, no," he said.

The girls in back were talking very little now. In my mirror I could see them, hunched against opposite sides of the car, legs pulled up, hands pressed between their thighs. This was starting to get interesting. I had seen Sammi a couple times before when she had to pee real badly. It was kind of exciting, watching her squeeze her thighs together, wiggling her hands under her behind, occasionally rubbing her tummy or even "down there" trying to hold it. Right now she was just at the thigh squeezing stage, with her hands clasped tightly between her legs. Erica was in the same boat. I started enjoying it more and more, the thought that these two beautiful girls in my back seat were trying desperately to hold back at least twenty four ounces of filtered soda pop...actually Sammi had had another twenty ounces with me, enroute to pick up the others.

"Did you have anything to drink before we picked you up, Erica?" I asked, still driving.

"We had a cup of coffee," she replied.

"Um. Caffeine. Goes right through ya, doesn't it?"

"Thank you, I didn't need to be reminded of that, yes it does." She was smiling though.

"That was a caffeine free diet soda you had before we picked them up, wasn't it Sam?" I asked.

She was smiling too, but I could see the effort she was having to exert to hold her bladder in check as I looked in the rear view mirror. "Yes, darling. A very large diet free caffeine...whatever. I really have to go!"

"How 'bout you, Bobalou?" I asked the pansy sitting next to me holding his hand in his crotch. "You gotta piss, or you just glad to see me?"

He "harrumphed" and leaned closer to the door. "Heh heh heh," I said quietly. A few more miles and we'd be to the turnoff to the campground. Then fifteen miles of rough, narrow dirt road to the actual campground itself. There's joy to be found in any situation, no matter how mundane. Although driving around with two desperate to piss beautiful women in the backseat hardly qualifies as mundane. The more I thought about it, the more I liked it. Gosh, what if one of them, either of them, or both of them, couldn't hold it any longer? 'Jerry, please stop the car, I'm about to go in my pants!' Yeah, I like that. 'Uh, sorry sweetheart, we can't stop just yet. We've got to keep going...'

Unfortunately, I could only guess that comfort would overcome whatever sense of propriety the girls had been bowing to when they insisted on me not stopping by the side of the road. Surely they would squeal for me to stop before they wet their pants, wouldn't they? And what about the sissy in the front with me?

I may be a brute deep down, but I cannot receive pleasure by causing pain. A few more miles and we were at the gravel road turnoff. Potholes, washboards, fallen rocks. I drove carefully for a few hundred yards, then caught a glimpse of Erica's face. She had her eyes closed and was wincing, sitting on her hands now, using her arms to force her thighs together tighter. Enough. I didn't want to make the poor girl wet her pants.

So, I was judicious. I found a wide flat spot and pulled the truck over and turned off the key. "Alright, piss stop," I said. "I gotta turn the hubs anyway."

Before the girls could say anything, Bob was out the door and running for a clump of brush, one hand still holding himself. I bailed out my door and slid the seat forward. "Ladies?"

Sammi was looking at me blushing deep red. For a second I thought maybe she had wet her pants. But no such luck. "I can wait," she said.

"We got a good hour of bumpy road in front of us yet," I said. "And there's places I won't be able to stop."

"Why not? I mean, if we really have to go?" said Erica.

"Well, there's meadows and stuff. No trees to hide behind. And some steep hills."

"I'd really prefer to wait until we can get to a toilet," said Sammi.

"I've never just done it like out in the forest before," said Erica.

I looked at them both. I don't think they really realized how much they had had to drink. I remembered waking up in a tent early one morning after a hard night of drinking beer. It was snowing outside, and I had to take a royal piss. I had an empty one liter pop bottle in the tent, and I grabbed it, unscrewed the lid and pissed into it, and damn near filled it up. That's slightly more than thirty two ounces, if I had filled it. Now Sammi was sitting there with more liquid than that in her system, saying she could endure an hour of bumpy road. Erica might have had a little less fluid in her, but she was a little smaller than Sammi. I had to wonder where these girls got their bladders, Montgomery Wards?

I locked my front hubs and got in the truck just as Bob was getting back. "Everything come out all right?" I asked him as he closed his door.

"I love a good tinkle," he said, almost jovial. "It's almost worth putting up with the pain of waiting just to feel such relief when it finally comes out. It's like, you can feel your whole body relaxing, and only then do you realize just how much discomfort you were in."

Gee, a piss sure seemed to help his attitude some. He was almost human. "Like when you're drinking beer..." I said.

"Or vodka. Vodka does it to me," he said.

"You're not helping things back here," said Sammi, squirming some more. I started wondering what her white shorts would look like soaked in pee.

"Well, any time you want me to stop, just say the words," I said. We drove on for another ten minutes, Bob and myself recounting tales of fabulous pees we remembered; I told my tent story, for one, and even broached the subject to the girls.

"You know, Sammi," I said. "I'm twice as big as you, and here I was about to explode with under a liter in me. And her you're sitting with over a liter, bouncing around like crazy in the back seat. I gotta admire that." By now she was sitting on her hands and, in a maneuver I had never seen before, actually rubbing her thighs together. It was very sexy. Erica still had her hands between her legs, and was rubbing her hands together a little, sort of rocking with the motion of the car.

At that point I got to the toughest part of the drive in. Realistically, it was the only section of road that really required four wheel drive, about a half mile of steep uphill grade, heavily rutted and strewn with large rocks. I stopped for a second at the bottom of the hill and slipped the transfer case into low range, then eased out the clutch and started up. The whole point s to climb the hill as slowly as possible, smoothly without spinning your tires. My old Blazer has a lot of faults, but lack of traction isn't one of them. We were halfway up without a hitch when Erica spoke up.

"Is there any way you could pull over here?" she asked.

"No," I said.

"Please? I-I-I really must get out of the car."

"Are you sick?"

"No." I was too busy watching what I was doing to want to look in the rear view.

"It's the bouncing,' said Sammi. "I really have to go pee."

"The campground's only about ten minutes after we get to the top of the hill."

I risked a look. Erica had both hands in her crotch, furiously kneading herself with a panicked look on her face. Sammi was sitting with one hand under her thighs, that arm pressing her legs tightly together against the side of the car. Her other hand was between her legs, holding herself with a tight grip. "I hate to stop on this hill. I'll have a hell of a time getting going again. I don't want to burn up my clutch." Yeah, right.

"Couldn't you just stop, let us out, then go back down to the bottom and start all over again?" asked Sammi.

"I'd have to ride my brakes all the way down. If we started sliding we'd be screwed. Look, I don't mean to be cruel, but both of you had plenty of chances to take care of yourselves and you didn't do it. Now you're just gonna have to wait."

"But I can't wait," cried Erica suddenly.

"Well, then try pissing in an empty soda can or something."

"The only thing we're gonna piss in is our pants if you don't get us up this mountain in a bout thirty seconds," said Sammi. Big mistake, I let her see my grin.

"I'm sorry, but I don't want...are you seriously gonna piss your pants? Either of you?"

"Not yet," said Sammi. "Almost though."

"Well, just let me get to the top of the hill and we'll stop then. But I don't want to stop on this hill because it'll be hard on my truck and I'll probably spin my tires and screw up the road getting going again."

"I'm okay," said Erica meekly. I'd probably have gone ahead and stopped for them if they hadn't had plenty of earlier opportunities to take care of things. But no, they wanted to wait for the toilet, and now they weren't sure they could make it that long. Well, tough.

"Ladies," said Bob, "there's probably going to be only one toilet at the campground. Assuming noone's in it, which of you gets to use it first?"

Sammi made it clear she didn't like Bob. "I'm not going to wet my pants," she said.

"Seriously," I said, "Can you at least wait until I get to the top of the hill? I really hate to burn my clutch like this."

Sammi just settled back, rubbing her thighs together so sexily. Erica hunched over tighter against the side of the car. I watched them for a couple seconds, then turned my attention back to the road, such as it was. Driving up a bad road is not so much a question of horsepower as of torque. Better to apply small amounts of power to the ground than to race your engine and spin your tires. Of course, driving a large V-8, and well tuned, makes it easy to idle up a hill in low gears.

Erica was worst off, clearly, although whether it was a question of control or just aversion to her bodily functions was hard to say. And I will admit, I was going slower and slower, but it was more a matter of keeping traction and not damaging the road than prolonging her discomfort. But suddenly she got angry at me. "You're sick!" she cried out of the blue. "You want me to wet my pants! You finally got an excuse not to stop, and you're going slower and slower, just to make me wait longer! You're trying to make me go in my pants!"

"Erica...." said Bob.

"I could walk up this stupid hill faster than he's driving!"

"True," I said. "If it's that bad, I'll stop, but I really really don't want to."

"It's that bad," she said quietly. I looked in the rear view; she had both hands wedged into her crotch. "I can't hold it any more." As luck would have it I came to a couple of deep ruts I had to cross, so I jarred them around a little more. Erica made a sort of a funny noise, and I looked in my mirror and saw she was wiggling around much more than she had done before.

"Jer..." said Sammi. "Uh, um...."

"Relax, babe, we're almost there," I said.

"Actually, um, Jerry?"

Bob twisted around in his seat and looked back, and immediately started laughing. "She's wetting herself!" he said merrily, sitting back down and looking forward. "Erica's having an accident! She's wetting her pants!"

"I'm almost to the top," I said. "Erica? Just a little longer?"

"It's all over." she said. "I'm sorry I yelled, but there was just no way I could hold it any longer. I'm so sorry."

"Hell, Erica, I'm sorry. I hope you aren't too mad about me not stopping..." She had her eyes closed and she was shaking her head.

"You should at least do her laundry, Jerry," giggled Sammi. "Such a beast!"

"I'll do her laundry," said Bob. "I'll gladly wash her pants for her...she's already rinsed them!" Lame humor at best. The poor girl was obviously embarrassed by it all.

And finally we were at the top of the hill. From here it was just a mile or so of relatively easy road. I pulled off quickly. "Let's take a hike, Bob, and let the girls take care of themselves." For me, gallantry was overcoming lust. I really wanted to get a look at sexy Erica with her shorts soaked in piss. Maybe from behind, the wet stains n her ass, the outlines of her freshly pissed in panties showing through clearly...me and Sammi were gonna have a good time in the old tent tonight. As it was, I think I could have held up a tent with no hands and no tent poles, if you know what I mean and I think you do.

"let's just keep going," said Sammi. "It's not much farther, is it?"

"Mile or so," I said, pulling back onto the road.

"I can wait," she said. And suddenly, I had one of those flashes where you see things totally clearly and really see into a person's soul, and I realized, Sammi was going to wet her pants too. She needed to go badly, but that wasn't why. She was gonna do it to make Erica feel better about her accident. Sammi caught my eye in the mirror, and gave me a little smile and a wink, and I think I fell in love with her then and there.

Love is a strange thing, and hard to define and hard to express and just a difficult topic for me in general, but I knew what it was all at once and knew what sort of a person Sammi really was and realized there was no way I would ever be happy and complete without her. Quite a revelation to come to. Sammi was sort of leaning over to Erica, patting her shoulder as Erica cried quietly, and meantime I rollercoastered from being in love with my girl to feeling terrible for making Erica wet her pants. I swung around in my emotions back to lust, thinking about Sammi wetting her pants for us (me and Erica, that is, and to hell with Bob) and how they would look. Her shorts were pretty thin already; would they go totally see through wet? Would she do it in the car or after we got to the camp? Standing or squatting or sitting like Erica had done?

Alas, she made it as far as the campground. A primitive facility, and totally empty. Three or four good campsites by a good size stream, with picnic tables and fire pits. "Do you want me to cruise over to the crapper, and then we can pick out a site?" I asked.

"Please do," said Sammi. "I think I've already started to wet my pants a little."

The toilet was a backcountry classic; it even had the little moon carved in the door. I stopped the truck and Sammi bailed out as soon as I slid the seat forward. She ran the few feet over to the outhouse, sort of holding a hand in her crotch and running slightly, lifting her feet almost all the way up to her butt as she jogged. She stood like that, running in place for a few seconds as she knocked on the door and figured out how to open it, then suddenly stopped, covered her mouth and turned away. I sort of sidled over to see what the problem was. Oh. No throne. Just a hole in the floor where the throne used to be, and the "contents" just below that in all their fly infested smelly glory.

Sammi, bless her heart, had tears in her eyes as she looked up at me. "I'm sorry, Jerry," she said quietly. She went into a bit of a crouch, spreading her legs as a flood burst out of the crotch and seat of her fine white shorts. The puddle formed quickly between her sneaker feet and flowed toward me in the dry, powdery dust soil. She sat like that while Bob and Erica were getting out of the car. I looked over at Erica; her shorts were stained all down her legs and across the seat, nearly to her waist in back. Bob was walking around to her, looking over at Sammi crouching, wetting her pants in front of the outhouse.

"It's allright babe," I said. "At least you waited until you got out of the car."

She sniffled and nodded as her flow diminished, then stood up, running her hand across her butt and flinging the drops away. She turned around so I could get a look. "Well? Do I look like a little bladder control baby?"

Her white shorts had gone totally transparent after being soaked, and her lace edged panties were showing as if they were all she had on. "You look pretty good like that, to tell the truth," I said.

Sammi looked around the area, holding her hand up to shade her eyes from the setting sun. "Do you think we could get the tent set up right away? So Erica and I could have a place to change...."

