Title: The Subway - Katy's Story to TJ

By: Katy

Today is my second day in New York. And I am walking to TJ's favorite deli to meet him for lunch. Then he is taking me on my first subway ride back to his big shot office in the city. One of the senior executives is retiring and they are hosting a reception for him. I met TJ at the beginning of summer when he came to my sleepy little southern town on a 3 month assignment. I was working in the home town bank and TJ lost his bank card in our machine. He came to my desk demanding service. I let him rant and rave listening to his yankee accent while I couldn't take my eyes off his handsome face. When I did manage to squeeze a word in, I smiled at him and told him I would get his card back immediately. He stopped yelling and just looked at me. Later he told me later it was my southern accent and "love at first sight". We have not been apart one night since. We have so much fun together from doing laundry to playing tennis.

Laughing and touching is just second nature with us. And when the night falls and we share this very private time...I know I have found my soulmate. I can see why TJ likes this place. It has so much atmosphere. He already has us a little table in the back and a pitcher of beer. He gives me that smile, the one that melts my heart as I walk toward him. Just a brief kiss before I sit down. When his lips touch mine, I want more. But I know the promises that tonight will bring. He has already ordered for us and they bring our sandwiches just as he pours me a beer. Their homebrew beer is absolutely the best. As usual, we lose track of time. I think we could talk for days and never get it all said...maybe months. But I am sure it will be years.

The second pitcher of beer is almost gone as TJ looks at his watch and he grabs my hand pulling me out of the chair and says "We have to hurry or we'll miss the reception!" "TJ, I really need to go the ladies room first." Throwing some money on the table he practically drags me out the door and down under the streets of this awesome city. "You'll have to wait just a few minutes because we'll miss our train if we don't leave right now." As we get to the bottom of the steps I hesitate a little. "What's wrong
Katy?" "I was looking for a bathroom. That beer has really worked on me." About that time a train pulls up and the doors open.

There aren't many people down here right now which really surprised me. In all the movies I ever saw the subways were packed. TJ pulls me thru the doors just before they close. "Hey, country girl. You're going to have to learn to move a little faster." I look around at the people here. There are about 10 others in this car with us. One lady looks like my grandmother. A couple of grungy
street people are up front. And the rest look like business men and women. He starts to lead me to a seat but I tell him I want to stand. That's what I've always seen in the movies. He grins at me and we are standing in the middle of the car as it begins to move, slowly at first and then really fast.

We must be going well over 100 miles an hour. It's amazing the miles that are speeding by and the quietness that is all around us. As I shift from one foot to the other I look everywhere but I don't see any bathrooms in this car. I ask TJ if there are maybe in another car. He tells me no..that I will have to wait until we pull into the station but he warns me that they are usually very dirty and I might want to wait till we get to his office. I am about to tell him that I don't think that will be an option when the train
suddenly slows down, stops and the lights go dim. Only the emergency lights are on. As I step closer to TJ, he puts his arm around me and pulls me closer we hear the conductor say that he has just gotten word that there has been a black out in the city.

He assures us that the subways are the first priority in these situations and we will be moving again very soon. Maybe it's the fact that I know I can't go but suddenly the pressure from my bladder is overwhelming. Without realizing it I moan lightly from
the pain and bend over, my hand going between my legs. I look up at TJ to see if noticed what I did. He did. And he is looking at me. "Baby, is it really that bad?" I can't say anything. My eyes just meet his and he sees the tears so close. "Katy, try squeezing your legs together real hard." I am already doing that so hard they hurt. I have never had to pee so bad in my life! Time drags by. I cannot stand still and I ask TJ every 2 minutes how long has it been? How much longer? His patience with me is indescribable.
I know others in the car have seen my fidgeting. The grungy people in the front are just starring at us. TJ notices this and says "Do you think you can walk? Maybe if we sit down it will help."

He takes my hand, leading me to the back of the car. No one is in the back as he guides me into the last seat. There are no emergency lights back here so it is extremely dark. As I sit down by the window the pressure is suddenly so intense that I bend over in my seat, grabbing my knees trying to hold them together. In a few seconds I feel a little better and sneak a look at TJ. He is watching me with a look I have never seen in his eyes. "Katy, I really hate to tell you this but I don't think they will have us moving for a while yet." His hand is on my leg rubbing it lightly on the top of my light blue silk skirt. I wanted to look my best to meet his boss and co-workers but now I am dying. The pressure is almost unbearable and the thought crosses my mind that I might have an accident right here. I can't believe I would even let myself think about peeing in my panties in a subway in New York. But the thought of such sweet relief overides any sense of decency I ever had.

TJ slips his hand under my skirt and he is rubbing the inside of my thigh. "Katy, let me see how bad it is." You have to understand that I trust this man completely so as I relax to spread my legs for him I feel his hand on my panties, rubbing my crotch. "Katy, let me see" he says as his fingers slip inside me. "Oh baby...you really do have to pee don't you." He slowly pulls his finger almost out of my pussy and then slowly back in feeling the inside walls of my pussy. The pressure is intense but the sexual arousal he is causing overrides any desire I have to make him stop. He hears my moan and leans closer to me, his lips meeting mine. And his moans are mixed with mine as he kisses me with his slow, deep kisses. Suddenly I gasp as I feel myself lose control and I feel a little pee squirt out running onto his hand. He feels it too and his kiss deepens, his moans more intense. I'm able to stop it that time and the worst damage is that my panties are a little damp now. I just hope I can wait.

"Katy, you know it's so dark back here no one can see us." As he says this I hear his zipper and I feel his hand on mine guiding me to him. He is so hot, his cock hard, throbbing. And as I slowly start to stroke him I feel him pulling me up and out of my seat. I know what he wants. I want it too and as I move to straddle him I feel his hands raising my skirt and moving the crotch of my panties aside. My hand is on him, guiding his cock and I slowly lower myself onto him. "Oh, yes!" I can't explain this feeling of
him so hard and deep inside me mixed with my intense sexual arousal and the added pressure of my bladder so full.

My hands are on his shoulders, my eyes looking into his as I begin our sweet rhythm of rocking with him. I feel his hands on my ass as he pulls me so close, driving himself deeper inside me. He is trying to slow the pace a little but I am over the edge as I feel an orgasm rock my body. I let myself relax and enjoy the intense pleasure of it all. And without realizing...and when I do realize..not caring or trying to stop, I feel myself begin to pee. And he feels it to. As I gasp realizing what I have done he tells me "Honey, it's ok. Pee on me, baby." I feel his cock swelling even bigger inside me as my warm pee cascades down his cock and onto his balls. He is totally out of control as he pulls me against him so tight and I feel his explosion inside me, rocking my world.

We don't move. These sweet seconds when our world stands still are such a treasure. I am still sitting across his lap, kissing his lips. His cock inside me, I feel him beginning to swell again. I want to move against him, but he puts his hands on my hips to hold me still. And suddenly I feel something deep inside me. Suddenly I feel spirts. Hard, quick spirts shooting into my pussy. I feel the heat of him and I realize that he is peeing for me as I did for him. This ultimate closeness sends us both over the edge again and as I collapse into his arms I feel his kisses on my face, my neck, my lips. His lips against my ear he whispers "I love you, my sweet baby girl." As I slip off his lap and back into my seat he draws me close and we wait in the dark for the train to move again. And I know that I will never forget my first subway ride.

