She Was Desperate

Posted by iloveyou890 on Nov 14th, 2009 at 10:38PM

Today, a amazing pee expirence was present at a local walmart. The cashier was pretty, a brunette, with a body I envied. The employee was obviously depsperate to pee. The big empty water bottles at her registar said a lot already. Her shifting feet, worried look, and cross-then uncross-then cross legs gave it away. Her desperation was a turn on. I walked over and asked her to show me where the water bottles were. Yea, I was doing it on purpose.

But this was a good oppertunity. She moaned a bit and clutched the hem of her skirt and crossed her legs. "Here, ill let my manager show you, im going to use the restroom,". I quickly added "Im in a hurry! please, super quick?". She shifted her foot, still clutching the hem of her skirt and bit her lip. "Uhm, ok, really fast." I followed her quick, fast steps as she still held her skirts hem, wanting to shove it up to her crotch, to help her bursting bladder. 

As We reached the water, I thanked her and she quickly nodded, wanting to quickly go to the restroom before she peed all over her legs and skirt. I could see her thong outlined through her skirt, and I guiltly thought that it wouldnt hold any leaks. I was determined to see some more desperation, so I asked which kind was the best. The Foutain kind? The waterfall-based one? I knew I was killing her, but I selfishly kept going. "Well, the uhm waterfall is a-a best sel-seller" she quickly said, stuttering, her legs crossed and boucing up and down. Her eyes darted around quickly. "Are you ok?" I asked, even though I clearly knew her problem. 

"I, uh, well, I just need to, uh- well I kind of need a washroom." "Oh, ok. But can you show me the big jugs of water? like the kind you fill up here?". She gave me a look of agony, now crossing her legs and practicly jumping. I kept on asking her more and more things, and she ws oviously annoyed, but more worried that she was going to **** all over herself. Her hands wer both on her skirt hem, twisting the fabric, while her legs were crossed. She bouced quicker now. As She became more and more desperate, A small dribble flowed down her leg, into her heels. "Ma'm, can I please use the restroom very quickly, ill be right back.". I resopned with "please stay a bit longer, im going to leave in a bit! I just have a few more questions.." 

Watching her bare legs tightly wrapped around eachother, her hands rubbing her thighs, next to her crotch, her stomach swollen, her face screwed up, I knew the clock was ticking until she let go. As the dribble flowed down her leg, she gasped, oviously her thong was now soaked, and didn't absorb the last leakage. "M'am, please.... I'm wetting myself!". She gasped as her bladder let out another stream down her leg. She gasped and moaned, then her eyes grew wide as she thrust her hands under her skirt. She was so desperate by now, she must have been about to ****. The hands squeezing her ***** probably felt like heaven. She moaned and doubled over. "Oh my goodness, im so sorry, ma'm, I just-i just- oh!" And she gasped and moaned as a dark stain spread all over her skirt and the pee stremaed down her legs into her shoes. The stream overflowed from her heels onto the tile. It spread out into a huge puddle onto the fl 

