Kelli stood outside her sister's doorway, piss still dripping from the panties her older sister was recently wearing, her red hair laying down over her shoulders and green eyes almost shimmering. Kelli giggled slightly.
Allie stood in her room; blushing so hard you could see it through her brown hair that cluttered her face. Kelli walked away, making sure the dark blue panties were a little bit up her ass for her sister to see, as she walked into her room. Allie stood there, knowing that Kelli had something planned from the glimmer in her eye. She cautiously walked over to her sister's door, which was open, but was dark inside. She stood there, looking in the room for Kelli, but couldn't find her. She proceeded inside to have her sister close the door. Allie jumped and her sister giggled.
"Careful, sis," Kelli teased, "You might wet your panties...or rather, my panties." Kelli pulled out a package in the dark that Allie couldn't make out, but she could hear a crinkling sound, and in her other hand was a white bottle.
"What do you have there?" Allie asked, to which Kelli giggled again.
"Oh, you'll find out." Kelli pushed her big sister down onto her bed and Allie was shocked. Finally Allie could see what her sister was holding: a package of diapers and baby powder.
"Kelli!" was all she could say. Kelli smiled sweetly, her green eyes shining in the dark.
"What's wrong, Allie?" Kelli said sweetly. "You peed yourself like a little baby, so I think you need these. Lay down, sweetie." Allie was frozen in place and didn't know what to do, but her body reacted by standing up in front of her sister, knees shaking she took the thong off and tossed it aside. Allie slowly laid down in front of her sister nude as Kelli stood over her spraying powder onto her sister's juicy twat and thighs, rubbing it in ever so softly. Allie moaned and Kelli rubbed a little harder, making sure to prod the flesh protruding out of her sister's hole. Her sis moaned quite loudly and Kelli made her roll over so that she could powder her ass. But instead of rubbing it into Allie with her hands, she slowly lowered the dark blue panties to her ankles and squatted over her and used her pussy to rub the powder around. Allie closed her eyes and moaned and Kelli smiled as she laid out a diaper and rolled her sister onto it, then taped up the tabs and stood back, staring down at her older sister wearing nothing but a diaper. Allie looked down at it and blushed.
"Um," Allie said, "where did you get the diapers so...quickly?"
Kelli crawled on top of Allie and looked down at her. Allie's instinct was to kiss her and Kelli kissed back, massaging each other's tongues. They released and Kelli's red hair flowed down onto her older sis and they both smiled.
"Well," Kelli said, "we ARE sisters, and we've always shared a lot of the same likes and dislikes..." Kelli blushed hard until she matched the color of her hair, "I've, um...I've been doing this for a few years."
Allie looked shock and made her open mouth made her sis blush harder.
"Except," Kelli continued, "that I don't like peeing in my pants like you, I prefer to use diapers. Did you ever try it?" Allie, with her jaw still dropped, just shook her head. Kelli stood up and grabbed her sister's hands, making her stand up, too. Allie say the glimmer in her sister's eyes; she had another idea. Before anything was said, Kelli pressed her body up against her sisters and pulled open the front of Allie's diaper and positioned her pussy hole over the top of the diaper and started pissing hard. Most of it splashed against her sister's belly and onto the floor, but a fair amount of it dripped down into her diaper, splashing against her pussy. Allie didn't know what to think, and in fact she was in too much pleasure to think, all she could do was moan. When Kelli was done she let go of the diaper and they both dropped to their knees and shared a long kiss.
"How did it feel?" Kelli quickly asked when they were done kissing. "I've ALWAYS wanted to do that!"
Allie smiled and rubbed her sister's hips, "It was AWESOME!" Allie smiled and winked at her sister, "And I'm filling up the rest of the diaper...and it does feel great!" Kelli smiled as she watched the obvious discoloration in the diaper and knew her sis wasn't lying. The pee was escaping from Allie's hole and the diaper expanded more and more as it soaked it up. Allie rubbed her crotch through the diaper as she did this and loved the fluffy feel of it. Soon Allie's eyes widened and Kelli gave her a weird look.
"What's wrong?" Kelli asked, almost worried.
"It's...it's pooling around m..m..my ass," Allie answered. Even her hand had stopped rubbing her crotch and she just sat on her feet. "It...it...it feels AMAZING!" Allie loved the warm liquid flowing down to her ass and making the diaper expand. Soon her stream slowed to a trickle and she sat there, her hand vigorously rubbing her diaper into her crotch. Kelli watched in awe, but shook her head and crawled over to her sister, moving her hand from her own crotch up to Kelli's breast. Allie looked up at her with glazed eyes and the 2 kissed again, passionately. Kelli slipped her hand inside Allie's diaper and rubbed her soaking wet pussy with a passion. Allie moaned loudly into her sister's mouth and Kelli could feel her pussy getting wetter. With one harder rub Allie gave a moan that echoed throughout the room and Kelli could feel the warmth of her cum explode onto her hand. Kelli smiled as she kept rubbing softly until it was all out and Allie smiled, cuddling up against her sister.
Kelli held her big sister against her naked body and stroked her hair. Allie sighed, "What will happen when I go back to college?" Kelli looked at her shocked and Allie asked, "What?"
Kelli let her sister go and pulled an envelope out from under her bed, smirking at her sister, "Do you know what this is?" Allie saw a familiar logo on the envelope and smiled brightly. It was an acceptance letter to the same college that Allie was currently going to.
"We'll be roommates next semester!" Allie said full of joy.
By: Amoeba