Penn-Tran. Part 4. The Final Frontier

Posted by Tinker, November 1997

Back on their own Enterprise, Deanna and Beverly had been writing their reports and doing their normal duties for some days, and this was their first free evening together. When Dr. Crusher knocked on the door of Troi's quarters, a joyful "Come!" invited her in. Beverly still wore her normal doctor's outfit, just as before their trip to the past, but Deanna definitely was into mini dresses now. "Did you see it?" Deanna asked when she entered. "Two nurses and three women in engineering wore their uniform dresses today! I am having an influence on the fashion aboard."

"No wonder," Beverly grinned. "You walk around like a seventeen-year-old girl who just had her first night with her boyfriend. It's rather obvious you feel happy and free, and with a body like yours, every woman aboard is getting jealous. You should start modelling for a fashion label." Deanna tilted her head, just said "Thanks!" in a friendly way, and poured Beverly out a cup of tea.

When she sat down, Beverly saw a book on the table. "What's this? Deanna, do you read Klingon?" Deanna first poured herself some tea, then sat down with her bare legs neatly crossed. "No, I can't, unfortunately. I just look at the pictures." Beverly took the book, a large and heavy volume. Seemed scientific, medical or social. She opened it roughly halfway. Just text. Leafing a bit back, Beverly encountered some illustrations. She lifted her eyebrows. Aha. Okay. Yes.

Putting the volume back onto the table, she just mentioned: "I suppose you have to counsel some Klingons about their sex life?" Troi smiled and shook her head: "Not at all. This is just in line with our research. I noticed the dresses Klingon women wear, and was curious if I could find something relevant. But no, apparently only Betazed women have developed my particular habit, and it is not at all sure that Klingons would react as good to Penn-Tran as Earth women. It would be a nice experiment though." She put the book aside and dropped a pile of records in front of Beverly: "Here's my part of the report. I also did some extra literature research and added relevant historical citations. Did you know that the first hard evidence and scientific descriptions of Penn-Tran on Earth date back to your early twentieth century?" Beverly smiled and took a sip of her tea. "Havelock Ellis, no doubt."

Deanna sulked, but happily continued: "Yes, right, he did a lot of work on the subject. Laid down the vocabulary. After him, little true work was being done until just before the year 2000, when a growing ice berg of amateur writing finally broke through the surface and what we now call Penn-Tran became subject of news paper articles and talk shows. The amateur work suddenly became noticed everywhere, also due to the proliferation of a primitive network structure, something with patches, I did not understand that part.

Anyway, science sorta jumped onto it, some therapists experimented with it, but it never caught on. It just blended in with drugs, music, sex, and the other forbidden delights of the youth culture. There was also a reference to spicy girls I did not understand, they seemed to have functioned as some kind of Penn-Tran advocates for a while, they also chased cats I believe. Anyway, after that it died out as a visible therapy and seemed to go underground again, with much higher acceptance though."

Beverly nodded. "I compiled all tricorder readings into a neat report, statistically not very sound but presentable as a preliminary piece of work. I suppose Starfleet Personnel will be interested, and we might even get some funding." Troi grinned loudly: "It would be quite nice to get a few more dresses and panties, yes." Beverly leaned forward and asked: "How many times?" Troi was silent for a few seconds, then replied: "Too many to remember. At least every morning before I shower, then during the coffee break, after work, and before going to bed. Also in between if I get the chance. I think I never was really dry today. It's still damp down there. And you?" Beverly shrugged: "Not much. These dresses don't appeal to me. But I dug up an old dance outfit, which also has a nice short skirt. I went in it twice yesterday."

"And?" Troi asked curiously. "I will go in it again tonight," Beverly smiled. "I'll put it on as soon as I get back to my quarters, and drink enough to make it work. For the rest, I still am experimenting. I'll probably surprise myself again." Deanna leaned back and sighed. "I know what it is like, the first few weeks after discovering it. Wish I could relive it all over again." Beverly finished her tea and stood up: "I better go now, I can feel this tea going right through me and I need to change first." Deanna led her to the door and said goodbye, wishing Beverly creativity.

Back in her room, Deanna poured herself another cup of tea and picked up the Klingon book. Without hesitation she leafed to a page near the beginning. She pulled her network terminal closer and called up a file. Meticulously, she had been entering a part of Klingon text into the machine, and she had to complete only a few more sentences. It took her fifteen minutes to punch in the weird characters. After that, the universal translator could chew on it. When the translated text appeared on the flat screen, Troi snuggled cosily against two pillows on her couch, her legs pulled up, and started to read.

Klingon women not knowing Penn-Tran? Hah! When she had seen the first illustration, showing a Klingon woman in her long wide dress, standing with her legs widely apart and obviously wetting heavily while a Klingon man looked at her in the background, Deanna had known that she just *had* to read this chapter. She was right. The translation, although pretty rough, made it quite clear that peeing was a very common way for Klingon women to attract mates. It had no single tranquillizing connotation such as Penn- Tran, it was pure eroticism. When a Klingon woman wanted a male, she went over to him, hit him hard in the crotch, and when he went through his knees, parted her feet to make a small puddle. When the male accepted the challenge, he would cover up the puddle with something, either sand or some clothes he wore. If not, he would spit in it, and usually got kicked in the face. Troi grinned. Being rejected always made her feel the same.

She turned the page of the book and continued reading on her screen. When the couple had found a bed, the woman would kick the man down onto the bed on his back, and climb on top of him. Without either partner undressing, she would straddle him and firmly go in her dress, showering him completely while he could look up her dress. According to the book, most men would not even wait until she was finished and start hauling in her skirt. Usually this meant getting kicked again, but in the end they got the woman down on the bed and from then on Troi just made doubtful faces and scratched her head. No, this was not exactly her style. It got her aroused though, in a strange sense.

Klingon lovemaking clearly was as much warlike as anything else in their culture, controlled by tradition and rituals. Deanna looked at the second illustration in the book. It showed a couple on a bed, with the woman straddling the man who tried to tear her skirt off. The dark patches all over the man and the sheets were quite clear. Deanna put the book aside and pushed the terminal away. She sighed and stood up, tucking her little dress down. Time to go to bed. Beverly would probably be wet by now.

Troi looked out of the window and calmly weed in her panties while taking the diadem out of her hair. The cosy warmth in her knickers and down her legs surely made her feel better. She shook her hair loose and went through her knees to pull off her boots, still delightfully wetting herself. Only wearing her dress and her panties now, she went into the bathroom and stepped into the shower booth. Giggling, Deanna set the water temperature to 46 degrees Centigrade, her body temperature, and clenched the shower head between her thighs, pointing upward. She neatly pulled her dress down as far as it would go, and let the shower start. No matter how childish this little game of hers, she still liked it. The powerful shower jet soaked the front of her panties right off, and then splashed back against the inside of her dress.

Quickly the dress started to darken, first at her waist, soon also further down. Deanna continued until her whole dress was wet below her waist, and then took the shower head in her hands. Careful not to touch her long hair, she aimed the head at her breasts and systematically soaked her whole dress, front and back. It made her feel cosy and relaxed, and always was a good way to end a busy day. In the end, she unbuttoned her uniform, pulled it over her head trying to keep her hair dry, also took off her bra and panties, and dried herself with a large white towel. Her garments went into the laundry processor, and Deanna slipped on her favourite long white night gown. On the way to her bed, she cleaned up the puddle at the window and turned down the lights. Tomorrow was a Friday.

Deanna had been working all day and was glad to finally put an end to it. Ten Forward always was crowded at a Friday afternoon, but that made it all the better. In fact, it was so crowded that she could hardly find a place to sit. Fortunately at that moment Worf entered the room, which magically created space at the bar left and right of him. Quickly Deanna took one of the stools and sat down, her crossed legs pointing towards Worf. "Hi Worf," she smiled. "Counsellor," Worf acknowledged, and downed his first glass of prune juice.

Deanna shook her head, punched Worf in his side and hissed at him: "Worf, you are supposed to offer a lady something to drink when she sits down next to you." Worf looked at her as if stung by a bee, mumbled: "Yes, of course," and then formally asked: "Counsellor, what would you like to drink?" Troi sighed, replied "Saurian brandy, and it is Deanna, not counsellor," followed by: "Don't you Klingons have manners at all?" Worf looked disturbed. A bit uneasy, he said: "We do, but they are... different." He downed his second glass.

After two glasses of Saurian brandy and half an hour of small talk with Worf, Deanna felt a bit light in her head and started to giggle just a bit more than usual. Guinan kept an eye on her, just in case. Deanna had always felt comfortable in the presence of Worf, but today it was different. She had already put her hand on Worf's arm twice, and the Klingon warrior clearly was not at all at ease with the situation. But Deanna was quite aware of what she was doing. Pretending to just take another pose on the stool, she uncrossed her legs and turned her knees towards the bar. Worf had already peeked down two times at her legs, trying to let it look like just gazing at his glass. But you could not fool an empath.

Deanna took her chance when Worf looked over his shoulder to see which people were in the room. She followed his gaze, turning a bit on her stool. Carelessly, she let her left leg turn with her body while her other leg remained pointed at the bar. When Worf looked back at his glass, Deanna kept her pose just long enough to allow him a full view of her light blue knickers, clearly showing between her thighs. She could really feel his heart skip a beat or two. Remarkable how such a macho man could so easily be controlled. Troi giggled audibly when she realized that sensual seduction most probably had no entry in any Klingon dictionary. Worf uneasily looked at her and asked: "Why are you laughing?" Deanna smiled, and replied: "I don't know. I just feel like laughing. Don't you?" Worf grumbled a bit.

Two Saurian brandies and three panty flashes later, Troi appeared as tipsy as she could be and had already pulled at Worfs pony tail. The Klingon warrior slowly got more and more embarrassed with Deanna, especially since people started to notice them. When Deanna ordered her fifth brandy, he stopped her and said: "Counsellor... Deanna, I think you should stop now." Relieved, Deanna protested: "But it's just getting nice here. And I ain't drunk."

"Still, you should stop drinking. It is not wise for an officer to appear intoxicated."

"I am not intoscipated," Deanna answered, and giggled. Worf exchanged a gaze with Guinan, and stood up: "Please counsellor, it's time to leave." Deanna let herself be put on her feet, and Worf gently pushed her through the crowd. Her pace was surprisingly steady and determined, he noticed. How different from a drunk Klingon woman, who would have bumped into every man she passed.

Outside, Deanna purposely let Worf come aside and then hooked her arm in his. Gotcha! Worf now started to feel rather uncomfortable, but more because of honour than because he did not like Troi. In fact, he did like her quite a lot, but it was simply not appropriate to treat a fellow officer as a close friend. Especially not if she still maintained some kind of relationship with another fellow officer. Riker and Troi still exchanged gazes of understanding once in a while, he had noticed, and interfering in any way would be embarrassing for everybody involved. Deanna's current state however made it acceptable for him to walk her back to her room, arm in arm like a couple.

On their way to her quarters, Deanna talked a lot about nothing in particular, and Worf tried to appear interested. Just before they would round the last corner, she made a remark about her dress and asked him something. Caught by surprise, Worf realized that he had not been listening carefully enough. "Excuse me... what did you ask?" Troi tilted her head, smiled, and asked again: "Do you like this dress?" Worf almost blushed. Deanna's legs were quite noticeable, yes, and he had to admit that it did him something. But could you say such a thing to a woman? "I find it... stimulating," was all he could utter.

Deanna rose her eyebrows in played astonishment: "Worf, it's about the most sexy dress I own! I had all of my legs, and more, on display for over an hour, and you just call it stimulating?" Worf clenched his jaw, and looked for a way out. "I think it is... very stimulating," he added. Troi sighed and leaned against the wall next to the door to her quarters. "Please Worf, stop thinking about tradition and honour. I know you like my dress, I can sense it. Betazoid women like to be told they look pretty. I am not a Klingon, Worf. I have feelings." Worf straightened his back: "Klingons have feelings, too," he replied, a bit annoyed.

Deanna carefully checked the corridor for other people. Fortunately her quarters were located in an area of the ship that was not that crowded. "Nice feelings that will be, kicking each other around all the time. I bet you Klingons do the same with your mates." Worf was startled for a brief moment, but recuperated quickly: "Klingon females are less... fragile than Betazoids." Deanna did as if she was impressed: "Oh yes, of course, all those rituals to invite a mate are tough on both partners, aren't they?" Worf now looked away: "Klingon mating rituals are very, very special. You should not talk about them like this."

Deanna took a breath of air and knew that this was the moment. It was a risk, a big one, but worth taking. She hoped that all her practice would help her now. With a slightly challenging sound in her voice, she said: "I see. So I should just behave as a fragile Betazoid woman and respect the Klingon way of life? Watch this, big boy." Without taking her eyes off his, Troi put her left hand on her belly and carefully searched for the correct spot. She had to be very, very cautious. Worf still had no idea what she was planning to do.

When Deanna had found the spot, she calmly parted her boots just too far to be called innocent and tried to look at Worf as arrogant as she could. She saw his pupils widen. Just before Worf realized what she was going to do, she lightly pressed on her belly and made a wiping movement at the same time, trying to prevent the syphon effect. It worked. She felt a single wave of wee run up in her urethras. In the half second Troi had before it came down the slope again, she put both her hands on her hips and thrusted her chest forward, freeing the front of her dress from her thighs.

As Troi saw and sensed that Worf finally got the picture, she felt the wave come down inside her body. Her fingers strained in a reflex and she could not suppress a clear sigh of excitement. Her she was, standing with her bare legs apart in a micro version of her uniform dress, facing a Klingon warrior who desired her more than he knew himself, and it was absolutely inevitable that she would drop a firm gush of wee in her pretty plain panties right in front of him. Worf let go all his reservations and went through his knees, bringing his eyes at the same height as Deanna's thighs. She did not move any muscle, it was inevitable.

Just as Worf kneeled down, her wee hit her panties full blast and tried to spread out. But it was too much in too little time. Most of it went straight through and splattered noisily onto the ground, making little spots on her boots. Worf said nothing, just looked at the puddle developing. It was over in less than three seconds, but it seemed to take half an eternity. When Deanna had stopped peeing, and was just standing there, trembling from excitement, Worf slowly looked up, gazed at her stained panty crotch up her dress for a moment, and then raised his eyes to meet those of Troi. He met a pair of eyes so pretty that he almost melted, and read the message inside.

Without wasting any more time, Worf just wiped up the puddle between Deanna's boots with his sleeve, got to his feet, swept Deanna off her feet and carried her inside her quarters. She was all over him even before they reached her bed. Troi managed to get Worf down on his back in some way, and let him put his hands on her thighs while she straddled him. With her knees left and right of his pelvis, she let Worf slide his hands up her thighs, up her skirt, until she felt his thumbs hooking over the waist band of her panties.

Not so soon, Worf. The best had yet to come. She pulled his hands away from under her dress and placed them low on her own hips, with his thumbs left and right below her belly button. Then, she removed her diadem and shook her hair loose, and would have torn open her dress at her neck if it had had buttons at the front. Now she could only push her breasts forward as far as she could. With her damp panties floating less than half a meter from Worf's face, she cried: "Do it, Worf! Press! Now!"

Worf took a few more seconds to overcome his final objections against taking a Betazoid woman as his mate, and while he felt his own organ tugging at his pants from inside, struggling to get out, he gently pressed on Troi's belly. Deanna opened her mouth in a soundless cry, and her hands grabbed in the void in front of her. Worf could feel her body shudder when it fired. With his thumbs, he hiked up her dress a bit, so that her panty crotch became visible. Just as the dark blue line appeared under the hem of her dress, Troi wet herself in the most passionate flood that had ever hit her panties. With a loud hissing noise, it soaked everything in reach in less than a second and when Deanna's uniform could not take it any more, it went straight for Worf's pants. They both let out a scream of passion and tried to hold position for as long as they could.

But after only a few seconds, Deanna could not control herself any longer and while still weeing heavily in her dress, she plunged down on Worf, who immediately grasped her body with both his arms. Troi started to grind her wet crotch firmly against his hardness, feeling every bump and ridge right through her underwear. With her left hand she tried to support herself while her right hand tugged Worf's pants open at the belt. His cock did not need much more invitation. Without even looking, Troi grabbed it and put it under her dress. It felt so hard and firm that she simply hooked it behind the left leg of her panties and used it as some kind of crowbar to force an opening. Worf moaned as he felt her warmth so near.

They looked each other in the eyes for one eternal moment, and then Deanna took him inside. He could only stammer some Klingon words, but Deanna knew exactly what he meant. All her nerves seemed on fire as she felt him entering her body, and all she could utter was a simple sob. Slowly, Worf penetrated deeper, and Troi pushed herself up with both hands on his chest to have more counter pressure. When their coupling was complete, she waited a brief moment to regain her breath. Here she was, dressed in her full bridge uniform, on top of a Klingon, also dressed in his full bridge uniform.

Never again would she wear this dress without remembering this moment. She neatly pulled down her hem and made sure her breasts showed as clearly as possible. Leaning slightly forward, she let her hair fall over her shoulders and tickled Worf in the face with it. An almost animal-like growl welled up from deep inside his body. Troi felt his cock shudder inside her, longing for action. Her own groin now felt like it was on fire as well. Alright then.

Troi softly mumbled: "Mzadi," and Worf answered with "K'toh." The next moment, Troi's bed squeaked like it had never done before, and they rode each other in a way which made a veteran rodeo cowboy feel a beginner. While they built up towards the climax, Deanna firmly grabbed Worf's shoulders and he pulled her against him as if he would never release her again. Troi could not help crying as she passed the point of no return, and the spasm as she came almost broke two of Worf's ribs. Only a heartbeat later, Worf released all his dreams and when Deanna felt them penetrate deep into her body, she clenched her thighs in a reflex as if she wanted to keep them all inside. They maintained their violent gyrations for a bit longer, trying to continue, but soon they just had to give up and found themselves in each other's arms, hugging like true mates. They both had tears on their cheeks.

When Deanna woke up, Worf had gone. There was no reason to believe she had dreamt it all, she wore her uniform dress in bed, it was quite wet and not only from wee, and her groin still ached from the sudden attention. She still wore her panties, she noticed. She could get out of bed, fix her hair, and start her duty. Troi stumbled out of bed and looked at herself in the mirror. No way. Her whole outfit was crumpled up, and it showed a few large stains around her crotch. Before Deanna could take it off, she heard some noise in her living room. Worf came in, carrying a tray with breakfast. He wore only his briefs. Deanna smiled her prettiest smile, sat down on her bed again, and gladly accepted the mug of coffee. It was perfect. It all was perfect. Worf carefully sat down next to her and put his arm around her waist.

Uneasily, and slowly, he kissed her on her cheek. Troi felt a stir creep up her spine as she realized what she could do now. It seemed almost too fantastic to be true. But it was not. She put down the coffee and sat down on Worf's lap, straddling him. With her thin panties moulded firmly against his briefs and with her arms around his body, she pressed her belly against his. Never before had doing her morning wee in her dress felt better than now. It came slowly and steadily, seeking its way through her panties, over her sensitive skin, into his briefs, over his thighs and crotch, until it puddled on the synthetic bed cover. Deanna really wet herself, actively pushing and rubbing her breasts over Worf's chest. Her little dress was truly made for this, she dreamed.

They waited until it was all over before Deanna got up and sat down next to Worf again. Her dress indeed was a small wonder, covering up everything that mattered but never being in the way. Worf gave her a second kiss and then went over to the bathroom, her wee spiralling down his left leg. Troi sighed and felt deeply satisfied. Beverly would have to practice by herself this morning. Tomorrow, she would tell her everything.

Already that afternoon, Beverly casually dropped by to inform why Deanna had not showed up at their gymnastics practice. Troi was busy updating a stack of personnel reports, heavily hammering away on her terminal. Beverly just fetched herself a cup of coffee and sat down, saying nothing. Deanna felt observed, but decided to ignore her friend for a while. It did not work. She straightened her back, crossed her legs the other way, and tried to continue. Dr. Crusher just sipped of her coffee and kept looking at her Betazoid friend. It was pretty clear to her that Deanna had been undertaking something important last evening. Rumours emerged that she had been seen in the company of Worf, leaving Ten Forward at about twenty hours. After that time, nobody had seen both of them until a while into the next morning. For neither of them this was common behaviour; usually they both were quite punctual, especially for duty.

Deanna looked pretty as always, of course wearing one of her short uniform dresses again, but today there was something special about her. Some youthful look, a bit of blush on her face, a desire to appear normal which caused exactly the opposite effect. Beverly took her time, she knew that Troi would eventually blow her cover if she was patient enough. In the mean time, she browsed through the stack of literature on Troi's reading table. Oh dear, there was that Klingon biology book again. Still with reservations, Beverly thumbed through the large volume again, not really looking for anything in particular. When she reached the front cover and wanted to put the book back onto the table, something seemed to call her attention.

It was something she had seen on an illustration in the book, a brief flash of... she did not know what it was. Her brain had sieved it out from the blur of pages quickly flipping by. Intrigued, Beverly started to leaf through the pages one by one, this time from the beginning. She almost passed by it for the second time, but when she saw the illustration, she knew that this was what she had been looking for. A Klingon woman in a long dress, with her legs apart and clearly wetting heavily. For a moment, Beverly wanted to call Troi and tell her about this great discovery. But something held her back. Almost as if she knew what to find, she turned the page, and dropped the book.

Deanna now had stopped typing and just looked at her screen, knowing what dr. Crusher had discovered. Beverly needed a few seconds to digest her discovery. At last, she just asked Troi: "Worf?" Deanna nodded without a word. Beverly let herself fall back into the cushions and brushed her hair out of her face. Wow, this was something. Getting it on with a Klingon was already weird enough, but going all the way Klingon style... Deanna stood up and timidly walked towards the couch, still silent. She carefully sat down and looked down at her boots.

Beverly took a breath and asked: "How was it?" Deanna at first said nothing, but then gradually a smile developed on her face and finally she almost yelled: "Fan-tas-tic! Bev, you will never know how wonderful it was until you experience it yourself. It was all I ever dreamt about, and more. It was definitely the most exhilarating experience I ever had." She proceeded to tell Beverly circumstantially what happened the evening before, stopping once in a while to let her friend take in the details properly.

In the end, Beverly's coffee was cold, but she felt very warm herself. Although not all the details appealed to her, Deanna had told her story so vividly that Beverly was as aroused as she could be. She stood up to get herself another cup of coffee, and when she came back, she just said: "Wow." Troi stretched herself and relaxed on her couch. "So now you know why I skipped practice this morning. I hope you do understand."

"I do, I do. You are excused. Well... I have to say I'm surprised that you two appear to be so compatible at the... eh... erotical level." Deanna nodded: "It was a long shot, and I had my doubts, sure. When I did my first wee in my panties, I was scared as hell. But after I got wet, it was heaven. We knew exactly what we wanted from each other, and got it all. When I crept on top of him in my uniform and he reached up to make me wee in my knickers, it felt like I got reborn. And when I really started to go in my pants, I reached puberty. From there on to adult was only natural." Beverly sipped from her coffee and remarked: "I suppose it is now exit Will Riker?"

Deanna sighed. "I don't like to hurt him, but yes, I'm afraid so. Of course he knows that he runs the risk that I find somebody else, but he will be quite disturbed in finding out that he lost me to a Klingon. Beverly, believe me, it is not just the erotical aspects that attract me in Worf. I have been dreaming about him for a long time, but always thought that it would be impossible for a Klingon and a Betazoid to get together. Now we tried it, I think it might be a very good combination. It will be hard at times, sure, but I really think we can be a couple. At least I am going to try it. I don't know what Worf wants, but I did sense real attraction in him, already before we wet together." Beverly put her hand on Troi's knee and softly said: "I'm sure you both will get on fine. It's just that I am afraid of losing a friend, or maybe two."

Troi sighed, and got up to get some refreshment for herself. Still at the replicator, she asked: "And you, did you make some advancements in your own play?" This time it was Beverly who stretched herself and made satisfied noises. "You did! Tell me!" Deanna sat down next to dr. Crusher and moved closer as if she was conspiring. "Well, I told you I got some of my old dance gear out. This dress of yours is not my style; a short, flaring skirt halfway down my thighs makes me feel a lot better. Add a pair of colourful dance pants that are meant to be flashed, a tight sweater, and some good shoes, and I'm all yours."

"And you also peed in your pants?" Deanna asked. "You bet I did! The first time I stood in front of my mirror in my innocent skirt, it took quite a while before I actually dared to start pushing. But I am glad I went through with it. With my legs just a bit open, I pushed until there was no going back any more, and then I closed my eyes and went to the toilet in my skirt. My dance pants almost caught it all! It took ages before it dripped down, and it felt much better than wetting my thin uniform panties. I kept my skirt and everything on for at least an hour, and actually went two more times in the same outfit that evening. It was great. When I felt sleepy, I just changed underwear and went to bed in my dance outfit. And yes, I agree that it is wonderful to just get up in the morning, walk over to the window and let it all come in your panties. A shower and you are as ready for the day as you can be."

Deanna smiled and swallowed about half her drink. "I think we should organize a nice party on the holodeck, just the two of us. Shared wetting still is better than individual experimenting." Beverly looked alarmed: "I am not sure. I really like playing on my own, and I would not object to your presence, but I don't think I would want to expand my experiences. At least not yet." Deanna looked her friend in her eyes: "You mean, you would not want to wear your dance gear just out in public and then simply go as you please?" Beverly swallowed and sighed, and Troi continued: "See! There is much more to enjoy than just putting on old clothes and wet them. Most of the joy comes from the mind, not from the pee. You need to expand you horizons, Bev! If not with a partner, then try out new environments. It will keep you busy and healthy for a long time."

That said, Deanna rose and pulled Beverly up as well. She pushed her towards the door, and out into the corridor. Dr. Crusher knew what was her purpose, and did not protest. Arrived in her own quarters, she went directly to a cupboard next to her bed and pulled down her pants. To her delight, Deanna saw that Beverly already wore her flashy red dance pants, firm, thick knickers covering her crotch and cheeks up to her waist. Her skirt came out of the cupboard and three seconds later, Beverly was ready for action. Troi had been ready for action the whole day, she just spread her legs where she stood, while Beverly squatted next to her bed.

Even while Deanna was still searching for her pressure point, Beverly's knickers stained between her legs and her moaning drifted through her room. Deanna looked at her friend, who was just sitting on her haunches with her fingers on the ground, wearing a nice short skirt and by now soaking wet panties. Ah, here was her start button. Deanna pressed, and then calmly adjusted her dress a bit, waiting for her own underwear to receive a warm flood. The sensation of the first wave, the wetting wave, still was thrilling. Soon, she was as wet as Beverly, and both women looked at each other without saying a word while the only sounds in the room were a slight hissing from under Beverly's skirt and a steady roll from between Deanna's feet.

When they both were finished wetting their panties, they just giggled and gathered in front of the mirror like two school girls. Troi's short dress definitely was a lot more dangerous to wear, that was for sure. But Troi could just sit down when she wanted, because her dress rode up from behind just enough to prevent it getting wet. Beverly could practically do whatever she wanted except sitting down. Both skirts had their advantages and disadvantages.

At that moment, the Red Alert horn sounded through the ship, and for a second both women froze, not knowing what to do. A sudden movement of the Enterprise almost threw them off their feet, and through the window they saw the flash of an explosion close to the hull. This was no joke. Their sense of duty overcame their sense of decency, and they bolted out of the door, Troi with her blue panties flashing suspicious dark patches, Beverly with her skirt flying around her thighs and a sopping secret between her legs.

It was back to business as usual.

