Lesson in Espionage

by Zac

Sarah was growing increasingly impatient. Alan was an hour late. She had already consumed the last of her second cup of coffee as she waited for him to deliver the secret business plans. It was a Sunday and she was dressed for shopping as she was going to meet some friends in a fashionable part of the city. Suddenly her phone rang. It was Alan. "Hello, Sarah. I'm held up in traffic. There's been a traffic accident and I'm in gridlock."

"Where are you?" she asked with some irritation.

"I'm about fifteen minutes away from the cafe."

Sarah sighed and folded her cell phone. With resignation, she called her friend and told her that she would meet her directly at the shops. Then, losing herself in her musings, she contemplated the street. Dressed in a tiger-skin top and black skirt, her perfect figure made her look younger than her 25 years.

On the street, a car screeched to a halt bringing her out of her reverie. A well-dressed woman got out and entered the cafe frantically. As she waited in the line up, she hopped from foot to foot and could not stand still. Sarah understood and her thoughts went in a similar direction. She felt the early urgings of a filling bladder. She queued up, not particularly worried as she had plenty of time. She figured she could grab another coffee.

In the meantime, the lady in front of her got increasingly frantic and was unable to keep still. She almost hunched over. Sarah observed her. She was in her fifties, but still boasted a good figure. Her face showed clear signs of stress but that might have been due to her predicament. When her turn came, the lady struggled over to the counter and whispered something in the ear of the owner. The owner, whispering equally softly, said something that seemed to shatter her. Trying to regain some dignity, she struggled outside the cafe, holding herself and practically jumped into her car and sped away. Sarah presumed that the owner had told her that the facilties were for customers only. But then why did she not buy anything. It would have only taken a minute.

Now she would have to suffer longer and possibly face public humiliation. Her own urge had become moderate by now and she pressed her legs together. When her turn came, she ordered a cup of coffee. In true ladylike fashion, she waited for the owner to hand her the coffee before asking him for directions to the loo. When her returned with her mug, she nonchalantly asked him she could freshen up.

"I'm sorry, miss, but the only public facilities are in the building which is closed today."

Sarah was annoyed. How could someone serve caffeinated drinks and not arrange for facilities.

"Well, can I use the staff facilities?

"I'm afraid not, said the owner. You see, only people working the building are allowed to use it. I could lose my lease."

How anal could someone get, Sarah thought with visible annoyance. Her need wasn't desperate yet, but she hoped that Alan would get there soon. As she picked up a magazine from the rack, she began to sip her third cup of coffee. No sign of Alan yet. And the first signs of an increasingly uncomfortable bladder. She crossed her legs as tightly as she could and waited.

Just then the car pulled up and a man got out. He walked in and asked her, "Are you Sarah?" When she nodded, he said, "Alan is in the hospital. Nothing serious. He broke his leg. He told me to inform you and ask to you to follow me there in my car as he has something to give you."

More annoyance. She really wanted to relax this weekend, but now he would have to make a trip across town and that too, with a full bladder. She tried not to think of it as she had no choice now.

She got into her car and began to follow this stranger. The journey seemed to take forever and her bladder began to knock with great force causing her to press her legs together every time she reached a red signal. Suddenly, the stranger's car turned into wooded area. Sarah followed. The car stopped. The stranger got out and approached her car. "Oh no, not at this of all times," she muttered to herself, "I really have to pee."

He came to her car and knocked on her door. Her face was visibly flushed and she squirmed in her seat. She opened the door, trying to hide her desperation. The stranger reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a gun. Sarah gasped, and just about managed to keep dry. Pointing it at her, he said, "We know you work for a rival corporation. Which one?"

"What have you done with Alan," she demanded.

At that moment, there was a rustle in the bushes and Alan emerged.

"Ah, my dear Sarah. I find your concern touching. You'll be happy to know that you're not the only spy around. You see, while you were spying on us, I was spying on you. That is my job."

Sarah turned pale. What would these men do to her? Alan sensed her concern and told her, "Fear not. Your honour is safe. We are not into the business of rape. All I intend to do is teach you a little lesson."

Sarah now really had to pee. She squirmed in her seat and could not keep still. Alan noticed and smiled to himself. He knew that she was probably bursting but was too proud to admit it to her nemesis. He was visibly turned on. Having decided initially to make her walk back to town in her knickers, by destroying her car and clothes, he now had a better idea.

"Simon, get some rope and duct tape out of the trunk," he whispered to his colleague after taking him aside.

Simon was puzzled. "But Alan, this was not the original plan."

"Are you questioning my orders?" Alan asked sternly.

Simon did as he was instructed. Sarah observed and was really frantic. She hoped this would be over soon so she could squat in the bushes. Once or twice, she almost lost it and had to rely on will power to remain dry. Simon got out the rope and tape. Walking over to Sarah, Alan pointed his gun at her and ordered her, "Place your wrists behind your back."

Sarah went pale, and finally decided to abandon her pride and ask to be allowed to pee first. With visible nervousness, she said, "But...."

"Do it," Alan ordered.

She did as she was instructed. Alan tied her up securely, like a true master of the craft. He then tied her legs, forced cloth between her teeth to gag her and finished the job with a blindfold. Sarah was in sheer agony. Trussed up like this, she could not squirm about as effectively as she would have liked. She focused on using her muscles. But she still could not keep still.

Alan then grabbed her by the shoulders and ordered Simon to take her by the legs. Fidgeting and moaning as she was being carried away, she began to feel helpless. Opening the trunk of her car, both men tossed her in it. The slight impact that she made as she landed once again challenged her sphincter, but she somehow managed to keep control. The soft glow of daylight visible through her blindfold ended abruptly. She lay trussed up in total darkness in a cramped space, her bladder screaming for relief. She squirmed, still proud enough to want to remain dry till she was rescued. But to add to her desperation, she also suffered from claustrophobia and the two were combining to make her really uncomfortable.

Suddenly she heard a drilling sound. From outside, Alan was saying something. "This, my dear, is so that you have an unlimited supply of air and don't die before someone rescues you. Au revoir."

Then there was silence, followed by the whirr of a car engine. Soon, she heard a car drive off. This was it. She was alone with no hope of relief soon. She desperately hoped someone would turn up and rescue her.

Each moment seemed an eternity. Her sphincter was weakening. Suddenly, she felt a spurt into her panties. This was followed by several dribbles till she was wetting herself uncontrollably. A smell of urine filled the car as she contemplated in despair the sticky musty feeling between her thighs. She wondered how much time she would have to spend in this state.

