The Brazilian's Big Bladder

By coolniceguy

Unfortunately this story isn't real, but I'd love it if it was, and I'd love to find a girl that can hold in their pee as well as the one in my story can. And on to the story.

I knew a Brazilian woman that uesd to pee once a day, before bed. She was in her early 20s, and she thought nothing of the size of her bladder, to be able to relieve herself only once a day. She never claimed that she had to go badly, but said that her mother had taught her to only pee before bed. The stream of her pee each evening was quite powerful and would last from 1 minute 30 seconds to 2 minutes depending on how much she had had to drink that day. 

At this time we were staying for a week in a hotel room at NYC together. One night, as she approached the bathroom as usual, having drank maybe slightly more than she normally did during the course of the day, I asked her "Hey, do you really need to pee?" "Not too much, no" she responded. "Try just holding it then, and wait til you really have to go." I told her. She considered for a moment before agreeing, and went to bed unrelieved. When she woke up the next morning, I asked her how her bladder felt. "Pretty full, but ok." she replied. "Great!" I said, "then you don't need to go this morning I don't think. C'mon, let's go enjoy the day!" She followed with a smile as we went out to spend the day in the city.

A bit after lunch I noticed she was fidgeting just a tad, and she told me her bladder was nearly full but still manageable. We continued hanging out in the city and having fun, and by dinner's end she was constantly keeping her legs crossed and fidgeting every so often. Now she told me that her bladder was "very full". Soon after, we returned home. She looked longingly at the toilet that was before her, but asked me if I thought she had to go badly enough yet. Elated that she would keep holding it, I told her "not yet." She moaned a little, but went and laid down on the bed, fidgeting more and more as the hours passed.

Around midnight, a hang planted firmly between her legs, she asked me if she could please go yet. I thought about it, but I wanted to see her reach her absolute limit, so I said to her "Try and wait until morning." She nodded grimly and resumed her rather frantic squirming. Around 1 am her bladder seemed to be in such bad shape that I thought she might wet the bed with ****, because she had gotten so very desperate. By 1:30 am though her bladder had calmed down, though she affirmed for me that she was totally and absolutely full. She took off her clothes, and I saw a gigantic bulge in her abdomen. Her bladder was magnificent when it was this full. She put her hands on it and moaned about how very full and big her bladder had gotten. Her control over it lasted until about 3 am, when she had to resume her crotch grabbing and legs crossing to keep from peeing herself. 

Getting a flash of inspiration, I called up room service and ordered a bottle of champagne. When it arrived I told her she'd have to make some more room in her already monstrously full bladder, because all of the champagne had to fit in it as well. With sheer determination, she kept her throbbing, hurting bladder clamped shut, walked with tiny, mincing steps over to me, and began drinking. She stayed standing the whole time while drinking, though her legs were knotted together and she squirmed violently to keep her **** all inside of her. The bottle finished, she burped loudly, gave a shy smile, then quickly returned to bed to resume her now frantic squirming. She remained there for the next hour and a half, fidgeting quite madly and groaning loudly, and her hands seemed to be glued between her legs, which for their part seemed glued together themselves, one over the other.

As the clock neared 6 am, I invited her into the bathroom after me. She nearly screamed with glee and hobbled after me as quickly as she could. Her bladder, meanwhile, had reached even higher levels of enormity. She looked many months pregnant with all of the **** being held inside her. She made it over to the toilet, but to her complete dismay, I took her from it and led her to the shower. I turned on the water and immediately she cried "Oh ****!" and squeezed herself absolutely as tightly as she could. She remained in this position for the entire 10 minute shower, bobbing up and down, but still letting no drop of pee escape her now tired and bursting bladder.

I helped her out of the shower with an evil glint in my eye. "Stand up straight." I ordered her, and she managed to comply, both hands still on her *****. I was sure that my next instruction would break her. "Now, spread your legs, and no hands." She wimpered, drew a great breath, and spread her legs wide, hands behind her back. I was shocked. She was breathing harder than anyone I've ever heard, and her legs were quivering like jelly, but still she remained dry and in control, just barely, of her bladder, which seemed to be threatening to burst at any moment. I kept her like that for 5 minutes, waiting for her to lose control, but she held it. Finally I relented and allowed her to do what she had to do, and instantly she turned almost into a pretzel, and breathed "Thank you God."

I saw her struggling so very much to continue holding her pee in as I had asked her. I felt sympathy for her, and in the next few minutes I resolved to let her release her pent-up **** in the toilet, like a lady. I motioned for her to sit on the toilet, and she smiled just a little before grimacing from fighting back another wave of pee trying to escape. Just as she resumed what little composure she had left, I came up with one last, cruel idea. "Sit on the toilet," I said, "but no peeing, legs spread wide, no hands."

At this she screamed in anguish, but nevertheless did as I said. As she sat there, with nothing but her bladder muscles holding back the liters and liters of pee that she had been holding inside her for the last 55 hours, I stood in awe of her strength. And in awe of her bladder, which was bulging so much that it seemed it would literally pop at any moment. Her legs were shaking like crazy as I kept her in this position, and the look on her face was one of pure agony, but still she refused to give in to the cal of nature and to the desperate, forceful urgings of her body, specifically her aching, hurting bladder. As I continued to stare at it, I realized I just had to touch it, to feel the most stretchd, bursting bladder I had ever, and probably would ever see.

I put my hands on it and she screamed at the torture of it. Pain was surely coursing htrough her body, and still she continued to deny herself sweet relief. Growing even more devilish, sure tha tthis would finally defeat her massive bladder, I pushed on it with both hands, hard. She threw back her head and wailed. How her seemingly iron bladder still refused to let go of its load of **** I do not know, but it held it all. Bruised, battered, aching, and filled up to and past its brim, her bladder did not give in.

As she recovered, I looked at her with the utmost respect and heard the word "Pee." leave my mouth. Instantaneously, a huge, loud, hard, absolute torrent of pee jetted out from her. Relief washed over her face and she began moaning in the orgasmic pleasure of finally getting to empty her bladder. The stream of yellow liquid eminating from her ***** did not slow down for many minutes, and when it finally did, it continued to ebb and flow for many more. It was, up until that point in my life, the longest, meanest **** that I had ever seen. When she finished what seemed like an eternity later, the toilet was nearly overflowing with pee.

So that's my story. It's not extremely well written, as I wrote it pretty fast, but I think it's good enough to be put on here. Feedback is definitely welcome.

