Title : Robin
	Category : F desp, wet Date : 8 Feb 1998 
By : C.U. Squirm

Hi,

Here is a story for your page. I hope both you and the readers like it.

-----------------------------------------------

Robin is a girl that I used to date a few years ago. She has brown hair and blue eyes, but the best thing about Robin is her body. Robin has nice long shaply legs, a totally flat stomach and a very cute little ass. She always wears sexy string bikiki panties, which she knows I love.

When I was dating Robin and spending a lot of time with her, one of the best things about being around her was that she always had to pee. She loves to drink coffee and it goes right through her. Many a time I would have Robin telling me that she really had to pee bad. I got to watch her cross her long legs or squeeze her thighs togther while bending her knees to avoid peeing in her pants on several occasions.

Anyway, we agreed to meet at a coffee shop because my company needed a job done and Robin's company did that kind of work. Robin needed a set of plans from me so her company could bid the job. By the time I got there, she was already sitting at a table having a large coffee. We talked for a while and then Robin said, "I got here early and have had two cups of coffee already. I really have to pee." As she said this I saw that she was sitting with her legs tightly crossed and rocking them a little. Robin had on a pair of tight jeans and really looked sexy in them. I said, "They probably have a bathroom here. Go and pee." She said, "I don't think they do." I said, "Go ask." Robin got up and went to the counter and as the guy told her that there was no bathroom, Robin squeezed her legs together and bent at the knees, one of her most used moves. She also had a very pained expression on her face.

She sat back down and crossed her legs tightly again and said they had no bathroom. I said, "Just let me finish my coffee and we'll go find you a place to pee. You can wait that long, can't you?" She said that she could.

I finished my coffee and said, Let's go over to the copy place. We can copy the plans and they probably have a bathroom you can use." Robin said, "I really hope so. I have to pee sooooo bad!" As she said this, she lifted up her right leg, bent it at the knee and crossed it over her pussy. Then she did the same thing with the other leg. This was getting serious. After she did this she said, "I'm O.K. now but let's hurry."

We crossed the street and went into the copy store. We went to the counter and there was a customer talking to the clerk about one of the machines not working. Robin crossed her long legs real tight and had a worried expression on her face. When the guy was finished, Robin asked if there was a bathroom that she could use. The guy said no. Robin looked at me and said, "Oh God, I have to pee sooo bad. We HAVE to find a bathroom!" I said, "Let's copy the plans and then we'll go to my house and you can pee. You haven't seen my new place yet anyway. It's five minutes from here."

Robin said, "There's no way I can wait to copy these plans. I'm gonna pee in my pants, I swear." Robin was dancing from one foot to the other at this point and people were looking at her. It was obvious to everyone in the store that Robin was desperate to pee and on the verge of an accident. I said, "O.K. let's go." We headed out of the store and tried to flag a cab. Robin was doing every move in the pee pee dance that there was. She was jumping from foot to foot, crossing her legs, squeezing her thighs together while bending almost to the ground and even occasionally grabbing her pussy and rubbing it. I was so turned on, I thought I was going to explode in a different way than Robin.

We finally got a cab and Robin struggled to get in and when she did she started squeezing her legs together and bouncing them up and down. She said, "Usually it helps when I sit down, but I have to go so bad now, it's not helping." I said to hold on because my place was only a few minutes away. She said, "Oh God, I hope that I can wait!" 

As we pulled up to my building, Robin said, "I'm afraid to stand up. I might not be able to hold it!!" I knew that we also had an elevator ride in front of us and Robin always had to do the major pee pee dance in the elevator. She got out of the cab and had to do a series of gyrations to gain control as she stood up. 

She hurried to the door and I reached into my pocket for my key. Robin squealed, "Oh hurry, please HURRY!!" I opened the door and Robin ran as best she could to the elevator and hit the button. She started hopping from foot to foot while rubbing her pussy real hard. She was almost crying at this point. When the elevator finally came, Robin hobbled in and resumed her dancing and rubbing.

She then said, "Oh No, I can't hold it anymore!!"

"I'm going to have an accident!"

She bent down to the floor with her legs pressed tightly together in a last effort to keep from peeing in her tight jeans.

She stood up partially again and then bent back down and said, "Oh my God. I'm peeing in my pants!"

"I can't stop!!"

At this point I heard a hissing sound coming from Robbin's pussy as she peed in her pants. She finally stopped the flow and stood up a little, but she was still squirming, trying to keep from peeing herself any further. Her pants were real wet in the back, almost up to her waist and the inseams of her jeans were also wet. 

We got off the elevator at my floor and I pointed to my door as Robin desperately hobbled over to it. She continued to do the pee pee dance as I opened the door. She once again pleaded for me to hurry. I opened the door and Robin almost screamed, "Where is the bathroom!?!" I pointed and she ran to it and on in. 

She finally came out after a few minutes and was crying. Her pants were wet down to her knees at the inseams and the back was totally soaked up to the waist band of her jeans, because she was in a sitting position while peeing in her pants. The front was also wet about half way up to her waist. She said, "Oh this is so embarrassing. I can't beleive that I wet my pants!" I said, "Don't worry baby, I'm the only one that saw." She said, "I know, that's what makes it so embarrassing." I said, come here and I'll prove to you that it's O.K."

I proceeded to lead Robin to the bedroom and started to take off her pants. She had on red bikini panties that were now see through, as they were totally soaked. She looked sooo sexy!! We had the most intense sex that we had ever had and Robin loved it. After we were done, Robin commented on how good the sex was and I said it was because we hadn't seen each other in so long and that made it was real exciting. Little did Robin know that what she considered to be a humiliating and embarrassing experience that she would love to forget was the reason that she had just had incredable sex and something that I would never forget.

