The warm morning breeze played through Jenny's chestnut colored hair as she rode her bicycle down the beach boardwalk and then off to the side trail that led down to the river and marina next to the seashore. It was Jenny's first day on the job at the Jet Ski rental booth and she was excited to be back in her hometown for the summer. The beach town was always an awesome place to be when the weather was warm and the boardwalk and surrounding shops were pulsating with activity all day and most of the night. Restaurants, bars, tattoo parlours, and bikini shops were filled with people here during the summer months and Jenny never missed an opportunity to be a part of it. Jenny had just turned 19 a few weeks earlier and had celebrated an end–of–school bash with her sorority sisters at the university campus upstate where she had just finished her freshman year. In fact, some of those same girls were planning to come visit her next week. She had told them how awesome her hometown was. Jenny smiled as she remembered her wild year as a sorority girl...the things she had done, the craziness, the parties. She wondered if her mother had any idea, but then realized that she probably didn't even care. It was all part of being young, and Jenny was living it up!
The trail meandered a few more feet and down a steep incline to the river. Jenny felt her bladder twitch as she went over a rock. She parked her bike next to the small hut and dock with the sign that read "Jerry's Jet Ski Rental." Jenny grabbed her knapsack and water bottle and wished that she hadn't drunk that extra cup of coffee this morning with her mother. Still, she was almost late for her first day and didn't want to make a bad impression to Jerry. She would find the toilet later, after introducing herself. Jenny walked up to the entrance to the hut and found Jerry inside taking inventory.
"Hi" she said, "I'm Jenny." Jerry looked up from his list and was happy with what he saw. He had told Jenny over the phone that the job was mostly outdoors, helping out tourists with the jet skis and that she should dress accordingly. Jenny was only all too happy to wear her surf short bikini; she had just bought it the day before and was looking forward to wearing her entire collection of bikinis at work throughout the summer. She figured the surf short bikini style was conservative enough to make a good first impression. It consisted of tight shorts that just covered her butt cheeks and a bandeau–style top with ties at both the front and the back. The cobalt blue material had a slight shimmer to it that complemented Jenny's tanned and toned physique. Jerry's eyes were also focused on Jenny's little Playboy bunny belly piercing that she had gotten after last year's sorority initiation, and Jerry quietly wondered if she had piercings in any other places. Jenny caught Jerry staring and cheerfully giggled, "Sir, I'm here on time, ready to work!" Jerry regained his composure and hoped his growing erection wasn't too visible through his loose beach shorts. "Yes, absolutely, let's get you started," he said.
Jerry himself was a good–looking man with blonde hair. He had just turned 40 and had owned the Jet Ski shop for the past 10 years. Every year he put an ad up at the local grocery store looking for an assistant and immediately skipped right past all the guys who applied. He could handle the heavy work himself, he just needed a fresh face at the hut to convince guys (and gals) to part with their dollars on a rental, and maybe even a lesson or two. His last assistant was a real looker too but she had an attitude that Jerry just couldn't get along with. He was happy that she wasn't coming back this year. Jerry could sense though that Jenny would be different. Of course she was beautiful, but she also had an innocence about her and he sensed that she wouldn't be trouble.
For the next two hours, Jerry gave Jenny a crash course in how to handle rental contracts, moor the jet skis, and give basic lessons. Jenny already knew how to ride, she had learned a few summers ago when her mother won a jet ski in a community raffle. She loved the feeling of going over the waves and the water splashing up all around her, and so she was very happy when Jerry told her that every morning before opening, she would have to take each jet ski out on the water and make sure it was in top running condition.
Ten o' clock came and Jerry opened the Jet Ski shop for business. Jenny still hadn't peed yet; in fact with all the information and training that Jerry was giving her she had almost forgotten that she needed to. As she took her post behind the huts counter, Jerry wished her luck and went around back to attend to a "plumbing matter." Jenny wasn't quite sure what that meant but then realized that she had never gotten around to asking Jerry where the toilets were. "I'll be ok until lunch," she thought, "I'm a big girl." Still, Jenny felt herself squeeze her thighs together a little more tightly. She found a stool to sit on and crossed her legs. "There, that should help," she thought as the pressure in her bladder subsided. Within a few minutes the first customers of the summer arrived. They were two young guys in their twenties, both well tanned and muscular. Jenny was impressed, but soon realized that they were more preoccupied with getting out on the water than they were with her. She wrote up their rental contracts and untied two jet skis from their moorings. Within minutes both men were off and down the river. Jenny sighed and went back to her hut. Walking around had made her urge to pee a little stronger again and she decided to see what Jerry was up to. She walked around the back of the hut to discover a small washroom with Jerry on his knees inside of it, removing a large pipe. "Hey, what's up?" Jenny said. Jerry looked up, admired Jenny's youthful beauty again, and replied, "The damn toilet's broke. It must've froze up in the winter and the pipe has a crack in it...leaked water all over the place. You'll have to tell people to go up and use the beach washrooms on the boardwalk if they need to." Jenny felt her bladder jump again at this news and she winced. The boardwalk washrooms were at least ten minutes away from the hut and she didn't think it would be wise to ask for a break so early into her shift. Jenny said "Oh, that sucks, hope you fix it soon," and then walked back around to her stool in front of the counter. She made a mental note to herself to always pee from now on before leaving home in morning, and for the first time that day the thought that she might wet herself became apparent. Jenny remembered the few times that she had peed her pants in the past year – the sorority initiation, Halloween night, and St. Patrick's day. Still all those times were when she was really drunk and a lot of other girls in her sorority ended up wet those nights too. It was funny then, but she quickly realized it wouldn't be so funny if it happened now at work on her first day. Jenny squeezed her thighs together again and inadvertently found herself putting her finger down to her pee hole to see if there was anything dribbling out. She was still dry down there, besides her natural lubrication. She wondered how long that would last. Jenny composed herself and pulled a book out of her knapsack hoping to preoccupy her mind with other things than her growing need to pee.
End of Part 1
By: The Golden Alchemist