A month has passed since the holding contest, and Elizabeth had forgotten about her suspicions that peeing herself sexually arouses her sister Alyssa. That time, while she was peeing her clothes sitting on the toilet, she would've sworn that Alyssa was touching herself. But as the days passed by, she began to discard that idea, thinking that it was only her imagination, until something happened that reminded her of those suspicions.
Yesterday they were alone at their mother's house playing cards, drinking tea and eating crackers. Once during the game Elizabeth felt the need to pee, but she ignored it because the game was getting interesting, and later the urge passed. When the game was over, they took the dishes to the kitchen, and she begun to wash them while chatting with Alyssa. Obviously, the water running and wetting her fingers made the urge to pee return. Since there were just a few dishes, she decided to keep washing and go to the toilet when she finished. But the urge was getting stronger and she begun to twist her legs around trying to hold it. What made things worse, Alyssa seemed distracted and the conversation was getting sparse. She kept washing and twisting, trying to decide if she would finish the dishes (only two cups) or leave them and run to the toilet (I don't know if I can hold it) until her body made the decision for her.
She closed the faucet with an "oh!" when she felt her pee escaping for a second, wetting her thong. She leaned against the sink, bending and holding her crotch, trying to avoid any more escapes. Then she heard Alyssa's trembling voice asking, "are you ok?" She turned, saw her sister staring at her ass and answered "no, I just spurted, let me pass!" Then she ran to the bathroom keeping her legs together, with her sister following behind. She arrived to the toilet and begun to fight with her shorts, stopping for a while when she felt another spurt escaping. She finally got her shorts and thong down and sat on the toilet, letting out a sigh when a strong stream of pee came out of her body and splashed in the water below.
While still peeing, she looked at her clothes and saw the crotch of her thong soaked and a 3 inches wet spot in her shorts. She turned to Alyssa, standing in front of her. As her sister was living there, she asked, "Aly, could you lend me shorts and panties? I think I had a little accident..." Her sister didn't answer; she just stayed there staring at her red faced younger sister's wet clothes. She had to repeat her request to get a reaction from Alyssa "uh? Oh... yes, wait a minute," as she was leaving.
Then Elizabeth had a flashback. She was sitting right there and had also had an 'accident', but that time she couldn't even get her pants off and just sat on the toilet peeing through her jeans. Now she also remembers that, while she was there humiliating herself, she saw Alyssa masturbating while looking at her, even finishing in front of her. That day she was doubtful that she could believe what she thought she had seen, but now, seeing how her sister just behaved, she had no doubt: Alyssa gets excited seeing her (and others?) peeing herself, and maybe even peeing her own clothes. What's more, she was sure that if she got up and went to her sister's room, she would have found her touching herself. But instead she cleaned herself, and then along came Alyssa with clean clothes and a face still red.
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Elizabeth had yesterday's events still floating in her mind. Last night she stayed awake in bed, remembering. Now it all seemed to fit; her sister's behavior when they peed themselves returning from the bar, and the holding contest, was it Aly who made the challenge or was herself? And yesterday, with Aly barely being able to speak while she was in the kitchen fighting to hold it, and then following her to the bathroom and staring at her wet clothes. But how could she know it for sure? She was more convinced today when found the pants and panties her sister was using yesterday hanging beside her own peed and washed clothes, but she needed to be sure. And there was only one way to know– making her as desperate as possible and see how she reacted... even if she had to pee her own pants to find out! And the only means she could think of was one that she already knew about: having another holding contest. So when they were alone she confronted her.
Elizabeth: "Aly, do you remember yesterday, that I peed a little in my panties?"
Alyssa (surprised and a bit blushing): "Ehhh... yes.... what about that?"
Elizabeth: "I was thinking, with all the liquid we drunk, didn't you need to go too? While I was here I don't remember seeing you go to the toilet."
Alyssa (blushing even more): "I... yes, I went after you left. Why?"
Elizabeth (suspecting how her sister "went"): "Nothing, just that a month ago we made that stupid holding competition and I won, but I think that after all maybe I'm not the one that can hold it the longest..."
Alyssa (more relaxed): "Oh... no, I don't know, it's possible. Why are you telling me this?"
Elizabeth: "Nothing, I was just curious..." she wanted her sister to make the challenge. "So, what do you think, who can hold it longer?"
Alyssa (seeing the opportunity and without suspecting anything): "I don't know, I guess that the only way we can know it is to do another competition, don't you think?"
Elizabeth: "Yes, I guess– if you say so..."
Everything was going as Elizabeth had planned. In a second Alyssa was defining new rules. They decided to leave it only to themselves, leaving Michelle out since she wasn't there– and besides their little sister has been the one who lost it first the previous two times.
Her plan was working just fine, until her sister said something she wasn't expecting.
Alyssa: "One important thing. We can only know for sure who has the stronger bladder if peeing is not an option. And that's only possible if we do it in public"
Elizabeth: "What?!"
Alyssa: "Yes, we have to be in a public place. We don't want to pee our pants... with people watching us" (Elizabeth took note of the pause) "so even if we are really desperate we'll try to hold it until we reach a bathroom, to avoid a public humiliation"
Elizabeth: "But I don't want to pee my pants, and least of all in public! How can I avoid peeing myself if I can hold it longer than you?"
Alyssa: "Easy, we set a destination with toilets; if we both get there dry, we stay around until one looses it and if neither one makes it...well..." she left the sentence unfinished while half smiling.
So they finish defining the rules and arranged to meet the next morning. They will both wear khaki shorts ("to be sure that any leak will be very visible and we won't be tempted to let go of a little," according to Alyssa), t–shirts and sandals. Each one will have a backpack to carry clean pants and panties, something to tie around her waist to cover up in case of an accident, a towel to dry themselves and plastic bags to put the wet clothes into.
They pee together in the tub, clean it and leave to go to the train station nearby (before leaving Elizabeth stayed a little longer in the toilet and placed a pad in her underwear, in case she suffers any leak). At the station they buy six bottles of water (three for each) and take the next train to the public park (twelve stations away). On the way to the park they each drink a bottle, as they have agreed. When the train arrives they get off and go for a walk in the park, a two–hour walk in which they'll have to drink the remaining bottles, one in the first quarter of each hour. After the walk they'll take the train back, and they could only pee at the toilets of the station closer to their mother's house.
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
At first they are walking and chatting, but as time goes by chat begins to fade, and after they finish their last bottles they don't want to talk anymore, just walking trying not to focus on the pressure in their bladders.
Elizabeth sees a bench and says "Aly, come with me, let's sit for a while". She sits and puts a hand between her thighs, pressing a finger against her vagina trying to relieve some of the pressure she's feeling inside. Alyssa sits beside her with her legs pressed together, but seems to be in control.
Alyssa: "Eli, are you ok?" Elizabeth, cursing for putting herself in this situation: "Yes, I just needed to rest" while she releases the last button of her shorts. Alyssa: "What are you doing? You can't unbutton your pants. Is that something that you would normally do in public?"
Elizabeth: "No, but it was pressing against my bladder..."
Alyssa: "I'm sorry, you know the rules..."
Elizabeth, grunting while she buttons up again: "How much longer until we leave?"
Alyssa: "20 minutes."
Elizabeth: "Ok, let's go to the station, I don't want to miss our train!"
So they walk to the park station, hoping to get quickly to the relief at the end of their journey. As they get closer neither one of them can walk straight. When they get to the station they walk to the far end and sit on a bench with their legs crossed. Being noon of a nice day, most of the people are still at the park or coming to it, so the platform is almost empty. Elizabeth looks at the toilet signs a few steps from where they are and whispers, as the train arrives.
They get inside the last wagon and sit one in front of the other at the end of it. They choice that place because is almost empty, there is only three other people when they leave the station and none sitting close to them, only a guy sitting facing Elizabeth but at the other side of the exit door.
Two stations go by and Elizabeth grabs her crotch and jumps over the seat while Alyssa crosses her legs one way and the other. They leave another station behind and Eli bends back and fore pressing her legs together and looking at her sister that doesn't move and just holds firmly to the arm of her seat. Now they're reaching the fifth station and Elizabeth is cursing herself, when the train breaks at the station and her concentration fades for a moment, letting a spurt of pee land into the pad she's wearing while she lets out a sigh, making her sister and the guy sitting across her to raise their eyes and look at her. Since she doesn't give any other sign, Alyssa lowers her head and again focuses her attention in holding it and on the mix of excitement, fear, pain and pleasure she's feeling.
Leaving the sixth station, Elizabeth doesn't know what to do anymore. She crosses her legs, grabs her crotch, presses a finger against her pussy, but feels the pressure growing every minute, and her pee finding it&#8217;s way out, now at her pussy, not at her lips, now... "Oh!" escaping of her body, only a two seconds spurt that she manages to cut, but she couldn't avoid letting out an exclamation when she felt it coming out and soaking the pad. Then she breaks the silence and whispers.
Elizabeth: "Aly, I can't hold it anymore, I already leaked!"
Alyssa (looking at her sister's crotch): "Let me see."
Elizabeth spreads her legs a little and removes her hand for a second, but the look of disappointment on Alyssa's face tells her that she's still dry... and that her suspicions were right!
Alyssa: "There's nothing showing, there must've been just a little."
Elizabeth: "Yes... a little..." she can't reveal her cheating "but soon it'll be a lot. I'm dying here, and there are many stations left, can we get off on the next one and go to the toilets there? I give you that you can hold it longer"
Alyssa: "NO! We can't break the rules now that we got this far... and besides, are you sure that I can hold it longer?" and spreading her legs she shows her sister a coin sized wet spot at her crotch.
Elizabeth: "Oh, you leaked too... but you haven't said anything..."
Alyssa: "That doesn't mean that I'm not as desperate as you..."
Elizabeth concentrates on her bladder again, but two stations (and two more spurts) later, she feels she's loosing the battle. The pressure on her bladder is unbearable, and her fingers are no longer a source of relief. A drop of sweat runs down her forehead, and she feels that her crotch muscles can't contain the liquid anymore. She knows that she couldn't hold it any longer, that the dam is about to break, and looks at her sister in despair. She feels another spurt escape, but this time it's impossible to cut, her pee just keeps coming and becomes a stream, her pad is already soaked and she begins to feel the wetness in her ass.
Elizabeth: "Aly, you win, I'm losing it... I'm wetting my pants..."
Alyssa looks at Elizabeth's teary eyes and hears the hissing sound, but her sister keeps her legs crossed and she can't see anything. Shit!
She knows she can't do it, she must restrain herself, but she leans forward and places her hands in Eli's knees anyway, softly pulling to spread them. Her sister looks at her and, knowing that the battle is lost, agrees and opens her legs a little, letting Alyssa see the pee soaking her shorts, pooling over the seat and falling in front of it, splashing into the pool that is forming on the floor. Elizabeth doesn't care about the humiliation of peeing herself at a train (that'll come later), the only thing that matters is the relief of letting go at last.
She keeps peeing for an eternity (at least she feels that way), the urine running down her legs, wetting her sandals, her already soaked shorts, and the useless pad between her legs. When she finally finishes, she looks at her sister's eyes. Alyssa's sight is still fixed on her drenched shorts and she is breathing heavily, completely red faced and with her nipples pointing thru her shirt.
Elizabeth: "Aly, are you ok?"
Alyssa: "Yeesss...." she can't believe her sister has just peed herself in a public transport, as happened to her when she was younger... she dreamed since that day of seeing another woman in the same situation and it had just finally happened... to her own sister!
Elizabeth: "I'm sorry, I couldn't make it, look at my soaked shorts, how embarrassing!"
Alyssa, her eyes fixed on her sister's peed clothes and the drops falling to the floor said, "Uh? Oh, yes, you did..."
Elizabeth: "So.... you liked it?"
Alyssa: "Yes... uh? What?"
Elizabeth: "Did you liked seeing me pee myself?"
Alyssa, looking at her sister: "What?" Why? I don't understand?"
Elizabeth: "Come on... tell me that the other day when we did the holding contest you weren't masturbating looking at me, peeing on the toilet through my jeans... and when I peed myself a little washing the dishes you weren't excited..." and looking at her sister's crotch, the hands moving against the fabric "and that you aren't touching yourself right now looking at my wet shorts!"
Alyssa: "Ehhhh.... I.... Oh, Eli! I can't believe you discovered me! Please, you can't tell anybody, I would die if anyone else finds out!"
Elizabeth: "Don't worry Aly, that's what sisters are for, aren't we? To keep each others secrets?" she says, smiling to comfort her. Then she feels her wet shorts sticking to her skin and asks, pointing at her sister: "By the way, how are you?"
Alyssa: "Barely holding it, how many stations left?" Elizabeth looks at the sign: "Two more, do you think you can make it?" Alyssa: "I hope so..."
While the last stations pass by, Elizabeth grabs her backpack and pulls out the coat she brought, leaving it at hand to cover herself. There's still some pee pooled on the seat between her legs, so she moves a little to let it run down the back. Then she sits again with her hands over her lap, trying to cover her peed shorts in case anyone looks at her. She looks at her sister, who is sitting almost completely still, except for two fingers moving between her crossed legs. She decides not to mention it; she knows how desperate Alyssa is...
Arriving at their station Elizabeth stands up and puts the coat around her waist, even she realizes that it won't cover her peed legs and sandals. Then she grabs Alyssa by the arm and helps her stand up. When her sister stands she sees the tennis–ball sized wet spot that Alyssa left on the seat, and walking to the door she notices a larger spot on her sister's shorts. They stand in front of the door and some guy stands behind them. She takes Alyssa's hand, which is pee wet. She's disgusted, but still holds it– Alyssa is her sister and needs her.
Alyssa is standing in front of the door with the free hand between her legs, her knees and toes together, and the heels pulled apart. When the train brakes to stop at the station she has to hold to the railing, so she takes the hand off of her crotch. Elizabeth sees her sister's movement and feels the pressure in her hand increasing. The pressure is becoming unbearable and she's about to say something, but then it disappears.
Alyssa tries to hold is as long as she can. Really. She wants to last until she gets to the bathroom and can masturbate thinking about her sister's accident, letting her own pee escape and soak her hand. But she can't make it. She has never felt so desperate in her life, not even the time she peed her pants on that bus. SHE HAS TO HOLD IT. But she loses concentration with the movement of the train and has to let go the grip between her legs to avoid falling. Not being able to hold herself anymore, she tries to last a little longer; the train is arriving at the station, only a few seconds... She presses her legs together, but it's useless, her muscles are giving up. A spurt escapes and she cuts it, but the next one runs down one of her legs before she can stop it, and two seconds later the following ones are impossible to stop. She only can stand there feeling the stream of pee coming from between her legs, passing through her panties and shorts and cascading to the floor, splashing over her legs and crawling down her skin. The pleasure and relief she's feeling are unbelievable. She barely hears a moan coming from behind (she did see him, in the mirror, touching himself looking at them becoming desperate and, in the case of Elizabeth, peeing herself) she knows he's cumming while watching her pee. She feels her own orgasm arriving, without even touching herself, just the feeling of her pee leaving her body makes her pussy contract and sends waves through her body while her juices mix with her pee and run down her legs.
Elizabeth is still holding her sister's hand and she feels her trembling while the train stops and her sister empties her bladder in her clothes. Now she knows what Alyssa is feeling (she also feels herself a little excited knowing that) and she puts an arm around her shoulders, not worrying about stepping in the pool of pee, nor that some pee ends up over her own legs after splashing on the floor. The train stops and she helps Alyssa out, while her sister keeps trembling and rivulets of pee still run down her legs. Another reason for choosing that wagon is that the station bathrooms are at that end of the platform, so she rushes there and gets inside. Before they go in, however, Alyssa turns her head looking at the guy that was standing behind them, trying to memorize his face.
They get inside the toilets (luckily they are empty) and get inside two stalls that are next to each other. Alyssa doesn't take her clothes off right away; instead, she stands there staring at her wet shorts and at the last drops that fall down her legs. Then she sits over the toilet lid, with her clothes still on, unzips her shorts, put one hand under the waist of her panties and begins to masturbate, feeling her wet clothes rubbing against her hand while two fingers move in and out of her body. Her bladder is not fully empty, so she lets out the rest of her pee. The warm liquid runs throw her fingers and over the toilet lid, falling and splashing over the toilet floor, while she moves her finger faster and faster.
Elizabeth does take her wet clothes off. She puts them in the plastic bag and begins to dry her legs, butt and sex with the towel. Rubbing between her legs she feels the excitement return, and keeps rubbing a little longer than needed. She remembers Alyssa's accident, and the orgasm her sister almost had in her arms, and figures out what her sister might be doing in the stall next to hers. So, instead of putting on her dry clothes and leaving, she sits on the toilet in a way that she can place an ear against the panel that separates both stalls. And repeating what she usually did when living at her mother's house, she listens to her sister masturbating, and following her whispers and moans, she rubs herself with the wet towel, and then introduces a finger between her own wet (and not just because of the pee) lower lips.
Alyssa's breathing is getting heavier and she feels her body tremble. She's able to do this in silence thanks to the years of practice in "synchronized" masturbation, but there is no need anymore. Her sister is too focused on her own pleasure, not even noticing that her moans are getting louder. Elizabeth leans against the back of the toilet and opens her legs wider to let her fingers get deeper. She doesn't need to listen through the panel anymore, she can clearly hear her sister reaching her peak as she goes ahead and lets her own body loose in a more silent but equally powerful orgasm.
Once they recover, they get their clothes on, put the wet ones in their backpacks and leave the stalls. Elizabeth looks at her sister and asks, "Is everything ok?" Alyssa blushes while answering quietly "Yes, ok," and receiving an understanding laugh in response. They leave the bathroom and walk to their mother's house. Alyssa looks around to see if she can see the guy that was with them in the train, but can't find him, so she gives up and follows her sister. When they arrive at the house, they go inside and take a shower to remove the smell of pee and sex they have on them.
By: Gus74