Julie 7: Club Friends

By Dickie: December 1997.

Warning: This story contains much more specific sex than my previous efforts. Especially GAY sex. It is my first attempt to describe male gay sex so I hope it's OK. If you don't like this type of story then don't read it. 

###

The summer was drawing to a close. Soon would come a time when wandering around the streets at midnight in wet clothes would become distinctly uncomfortable whilst at the same time bladders would constrict and the desire to piss would become greater. Meantime however the weather stayed fair and the nights were still tolerable; although coats had become a definite asset. Long ones could also conceal a multitude of sins.

Dickie and I decided to return to the Cashba club; the scene of my re- connection with my love for Penny and Dickie's first public pissing initiative. The management didn't seem to remember us and we got in OK. The place was much the same as last time even down to the flood in the toilets spreading out of the door and soaking the carpet.

They had a live band that night, a sort of Jazz-Funk-Rock band, which made up in enthusiasm, and the excellence of their sax player, for what they lacked in overall musicianship and coherence as a band. They were however good enough to dance to and we settled in to a good evening of drinking and dancing.

"Julie look over there. Recognise those two?"

I followed the line of Dickie's pointing finger. It was the couple we had passed, and touched on the steps the last time we had been there. 

"They saw us wet I don't know what to do. Shall we just hide and hope they don't see us."

"Chicken! Besides you're too late they're coming over." I waved to them.

"You pissed yourselves yet tonight?" the woman asked with a friendly grin. 

Dickie looked embarrassed and stood behind me. I said, "Not yet," and gave the woman a little wink, "but the night is young."

They joined us for some beers in the discreet booth we had commandeered and we got chatting. Anna and Frank were new to the town and had found the club for the first time the night we saw them. After seeing us they had entered it with some trepidation, wondering if it was full of piss artists; and were rather disappointed when everybody else was apparently dry inside; although there were several wet patches on the dance floor, and a stain on one of the seats, which could just as well have been piss as beer. 

It turned out that they are as much into pissing as us and had been for some years. Anna and I soon got chatting. She was small and delicate with an elfin face and short cropped dark hair. I was feeling the lack of female intimacy, having not been to bed with a woman since Penny went home, and Anna was a definite possibility. She looked at me in a flirtatious manner and I began to feel distinctly aroused. Dickie too was obviously interested; in fact he was positively drooling.

Anna told us she had a naturally small bladder and had always had accidents rather easily. Even now she still had to be careful what she drank in the evening if she was to have a dry night. She told us this whilst taking a long pull from the refilled pint glass which Frank had just brought from the bar. Evidently she was not going to try too hard tonight. 

Frank's and her wet sex had started when she had had one of her rather frequent accidents as they drove down the highway and Frank had become so excited that he had stopped the car and fucked her there and then on the wet front seat.

We danced some fast numbers as a group; each observing the others as they moved and gyrated to the music. Anna was a great little mover; very slim with small pointy breasts which jutted through her thin green satin dress. The dress was as short as last time and I got several good views of the tops of her hold up's and brief lacy knickers as she danced. Frank, too, was attractive; short but muscular with an interesting bulge in his jeans.

Dickie had overcome his earlier embarrassment and was now showing a distinct interest in Anna. This was good news for me, only if he really fancied her could I be sure that my getting off with her wouldn't spoil my relationship with him.

DICKIE:-

I watched Julie chatting up Anna with delight. One look and I really wanted to fuck her but despite our open pact I was by no means sure enough of my relationship with Julie to publicly go after a woman in her presence, if she didn't also have the hots for the woman. Frank was a nice guy too and obviously interested in Julie.

The music became slow and mellow and I just had to dance close to Anna; I was wearing my black shiny "camouflage" jeans again as I had intended anointing Julie once more on the dance floor; but with Anna it would be another thing, the slightest dampness would show on her dress. So I held off; preventing any piss from escaping despite the growing pressure in my bladder. I resolved to enjoy other things; the warmth and smell of her as she snuggled up against me, the feel of her soft body pressing against mine and the tickle of her hair against the side of my face. I could feel the warmth of her pussy against my thigh where her skirt had ridden up. 

Then all this was supplanted by another sensation; a hot wetness through my jeans. YES! she was pissing on me. My thigh was already tight against her and I pressed it further into her crotch as I felt her hot piss running down my leg. Unable to resist I let go some of my own water; feeling my underpants become first damp and then soaked until it leaked through my fly and onto her stomach. 

She lifted her head and whispered into my ear, "You naughty man, just because I piss on your jeans below my skirt hem doesn't mean you can wet my dress. - Now I'm going to have to spill beer into my lap AGAIN." 

"Again? Does this happen often then?"

"Not very, about once a week I suppose, too often and we would start getting banned from clubs. But I do have rather a reputation for being clumsy." 

Meanwhile Julie had been dancing with Frank and we came together in the middle of the dance floor where we huddled together as the music stopped. 

When the band started up again we swapped partners and I could feel the wetness of Julie's black leggings against a dry section of my jeans Exploring with my hand I found two distinct patches. Her crotch was very hot and wet with seepage down about six inches from it and there was another patch way up near the waist band, evidently Frank's doing. I refrained from adding to it as I was getting near saturation point and I really didn't want to give us away by making a big puddle; the club was not nearly so crowded this time.

Anna and Frank managed to dance back to their seats without showing off her wet front and a short time later we staged her "accident" I clumsily knocked over a glass; spilling lager into her lap and over Julie as well. So I had to go to the bar in piss-wet jeans, buy more beers, pints for everyone, and borrow a cloth. Nobody noticed my stains and, just for the hell of it, I wee'd a little more on the way back. The feeling of the piss running down my leg was ten times more potent because of the situation. Fortunately I was soon too hard to do any more and stopped before I started to drip. 

When I had spilled the beer both women had got pretty wet and now they proceeded to use the cloth to dry one another off, working especially hard in the crotch area. This continued much longer than was really necessary and they were clearly getting off on each other.

JULIE

Frank was staring hard at my and Anna's wet patches and showing a solid erection through his jeans. Anna and I however were far more interested in each other and made good use of the cloth that Dickie brought to dry off and explore pussies. The message was now strong and clear: we were hot for one another; very hot.

DICKIE

Frank and I sat together for a while and silently compared wet patches. Now, although I am mostly hereto', I have been known to stroll on the other side when a certain kind of guy comes along, and he was definitely that kind of guy, he was quite short and slim with a round boyish face and well developed biceps, a bit girlish but with the obvious strength of a man. He was dressed in a way which suggested that he swung both ways; although as the punk style was big in town at that time it was hard to tell. Besides the very tight black jeans he wore an open sleeveless vest, also in black denim, over a short green T-shirt and had studded leather arm bands several earrings and a naval ring 

The question was 'was he game?'

I couldn't tell; he gave nothing away despite the antics of the two women which he was clearly enjoying as much as I was. I could just see a large wet patch on his crotch and another separate stain on his leg which must have come from Julie. I nudged his elbow and pointed to the darker trail which was slowly appearing down my left inner thigh; the result of my little leak, whilst getting the beers, soaking through the cloth. He pressed his finger on the bottom of it and then slowly slid it up towards my crotch. Yes! we were going to swing all ways tonight for sure, wow! I was getting hard again in anticipation; despite my increasingly full bladder.

Frank took my hand and lead me onto the dance floor. There was no problem about guys dancing together in this club as gays formed a substantial and welcome proportion of the customers; but I still found it a bit scary as few people, apart from Julie, knew about my occasional street crossing. The women soon joined us and we danced in a foursome, with plenty of opportunity for all round mutual 'accidental' contact, for several numbers. 

We took a break for another pint all round and then returned to the floor for two, more blatant, slow numbers where the women got into a heavy petting session and Frank and I felt the heat and pressure of each other's pricks through out jeans and gave each other little squirts of encouragement whilst our hands explored the muscle structure of the other's asses.

Eventually Frank said "We've got to go I can't hold it any longer and when I let go there will be absolutely no mistake about it" 

I was feeling the same and both the women nodded 'me too'. So we returned to our table, drained our glasses and made a discreet exit. This time we managed to make it all the way up the basement steps and into the street before pissing. We walked around a corner into a poorly lit forecourt and draped our coats over a low wall to get them out of the way. It was quite chilly and we would need them later.

We gathered round in a circle for a group hug pulling each other as close as we could left arms around bodies right arms grasping bums Julie and Anna together on one side myself and Frank on the other so that we each held a man and a woman. 

Frank let go first; he turned towards Julie as his flood started and she squealed as the piss hit her. Then, still in mid flow, he turned towards me and his piss was hot against the outside of my thigh as it flooded out of his pants and down my leg. The rest of us then let go almost simultaneously so I caught Anna's noisily hissing flood on my other thigh as I poured my hot piss down my own legs and over Franks ass; he had turned to receive Julie's water against his front. She gave him a good soaking before turning and pressing against the back of Anna's dress and water her pert little ass.

We then all turned into the middle again and cupped our hands under each other's crotches to catch the remaining drops which we spread over the women's breasts Julie's stretch black top didn't show much but she clearly enjoyed the sensation as Anna's hand rained drips on one breast and Frank massaged the other. Anna's dress wet down much more dramatically and went almost transparent as I poured a handful of piss over one breast. Julie anointed the other and we all sought more piss from Franks crotch to continue. He was still flooding long after the other three of us had run dry; a truly prodigious capacity.

Bladders now empty the four of us donned our coats and headed for Julie's flat; the two women in front arm in arm and us men following at the right distance for a really good view of Anna's beautiful trim wet ass. Her coat was very short. There were not many people around and under the cover of darkness only Anna looked obviously wet, and her dress was so wet, so high up, that it looked as though she had been in the sea or a fountain rather than in a piss fight.

The two women headed straight for the bedroom. Julie barred Frank's and my entry with a grin. "You two go do your own thing for half an hour we have a few things to sort out first; private women's things; then you can join us."

"Oh come on," said Frank "at least let us watch."

"No" Anna said "we need to get to know each other properly before we are ready for an audience." She fondled Julie's tit gently from behind.

Frank and I sat on the sofa. "Rubber underneath" I said to him in response to his look of shock as I flopped my soaking ass down on the clean loose cover. He sat down gingerly; upright and suddenly shy.

"Beer?"

"OK."

I got up and went and got two cans of Bud from the kitchen.

"Where's your bathroom?"

"Other side of the bedroom?"

"Oh! I need to go again."

"Not in there yet you don't, besides I've got a much better place." I lay back on the sofa and opened my mouth."

"In there?"

"Go for it."

He straddled me and I unzipped him easing his super engorged prick out and rolling back the foreskin. "Start on my stomach and work your way up," I instructed.

"You direct it for me."

I held his penis pointing at my naval as he started and worked his hot piss around my nipples through my t-shit. Only when this was really wet did I pull him towards me and take him, still pissing, into my mouth which was quickly filled with mild sweet beery piss. I swallowed all I could and the rest flowed down my chin and over his knees, my shirt and the sofa. It formed puddles underneath me blocked by the impervious rubber. 

His flow stopped and his prick hardened filling my whole mouth. I closed on it and worked the tip with my tongue whilst fondling his balls with one hand and grabbing the wet cotton around his ass with the other.

"Out or in?" he gasped as his climax approached. What a gentleman! I just pulled him closer so that he couldn't pull out if he wanted to and took his hot salty semen on the back of my throat as he bucked with multiple spasms; hooting aloud as he came.

In the silence which followed we looked at each other, embraced and finally kissed. His lips were soft, almost woman like, but there was just a hint of bristle around them to remind me he was definitely a man, His tongue explored my mouth licking out some remains of his own semen that had collected around my teeth. He was a very good kisser and I couldn't wait to feel this mouth around my dick.

Before this could happen 'though the silence was broken by Julie's loud, distinctive and totally uninhibited 'cum cry' echoing through the bedroom door followed by a high pitched screeching pant, presumably from Anna. The women were evidently cementing their friendship in the same way we were. 

As the sounds died away we returned our attention to each other; and hugged again for a long time; in the process transferring more of his piss from my shirt to his.

"Don't get up." Frank told me. Sitting up and unzipping my Jeans he reached inside carefully unbuttoning my under shorts and, cradling my balls in his hands, he eased my prick out of its wet cave. I lay back and looked at him expectantly I was rigidly to attention although a lot more beer had worked through my system and my bladder was also exerting a lot of pressure. 

He started at the base by gently licking my scrotum and then worked his way up underneath my shaft before working all the way around my glans. I was heavily excited but my need to piss held any approaching climax at bay.

"I have to piss before I can finish."

"However you want,"

"OK lets swap over."

Frank unbelted my jeans and eased me out of them. I stood over him with my dick hanging out of the front of my shorts and started pissing. The stream hit his chest with force soaking his T-shirt and denim jacket. He grabbed me to direct the flow over his face and started wanking me up and down which caused my piss to splash wildly. As I ran dry he stopped wanking and leaned forward to kiss my glans again. 

"Dickie take my jeans off will you?

Guessing what was to come next I unbuckled him and pulled down jeans and underwear in one go. As I removed his jeans, boots and all, and dumped them on the floor he rolled over and presented his ass to me. As cooly as I could, I had only buggered a man once before in my life, I started massaging his hole; it flexed under my fingers as though it had done this many times before.

"Reach into the cigarette box will you Frank." 

(Julie had found this large, ornate, antique cigarette box in a junk market and it had acquired pride of place on the coffee table. Since neither of us smoke she had filled it with assorted condoms and a tube of KY jelly. She loved the expression on the faces of guests when they, looking to nick ciggies, or just being nosy, lifted the lid.)

He passed me the tube of jelly and a HD condom.

"You want to put this on me?" 

"No - you do it man; just keep massaging."

So I unrolled the condom with one hand whilst massaging KY into his hole with the other. He just lay there with his arms at his sides and hands gripping my knees. When I was sorted I called "Coming ready or not," and, squeezing a great dollop of KY onto my condom covered prick, I moved it slowly but inexorably towards his hole. He rose up to meet it, hole dilating just as my tip came into contact with it.

His sphincter was tight and hot and despite all the lubrication I was bending and stressing the rubber as I probed the narrow entrance. Then I was past the ring and now he was drawing me slowly in. I could feel each membrane flex and move aside whilst my tip pushed a hard lump before it. 

Then I was hardening and he was squeezing with his powerful sphincter. The rubber moved back and was slack. He pushed, trying to shit me out; just as he was about to succeed he stopped and drew me in again. I grasped his shoulders and in time with him I pushed and relaxed, pushed and relaxed, pushed and relaxed. Steadily our rhythm got faster and faster in perfect synchronisation. 

My orgasm built slowly until we froze our movements at the same time and I pressed hard into him and erupted filling the condom; everything else seemed still except for my pumping semen. As I came he did too, adding a large cum stain to the wet cover of the couch.

Tension relieved; I now had to piss again very urgently. I pulled out and proceeded to fill the condom until I had a large pear shaped balloon of piss with strands of cum floating around in it was hanging off the end of my prick. Frank rolled onto his back and began to play with it; pinging it and pulling at it so that I had to work hard to keep it on my rapidly softening member. I pulled back and carefully holding the open end managed to get it off without spilling much. A little more spilled as I tied off the end. We now had a two inch diameter and five inch long piss bomb; not big but devastating if punctured in the right situation. I sat it in an ash tray and idly pondered what to do with it.

Satiated; we dozed in each other's arms until, beginning to feel cold, I decided that it was time we claimed our share of the real bed.

JULIE

Dickie and Frank tried to follow us into the bedroom when we got home but we had already formed other plans. I had fancied Anna from the moment I set eyes on her on the steps of the club. She had eyed me up as blatantly as her man and, unseen by Dickie, had rubbed the back of her hand gently but deliberately across my wet ass. Dancing in the dark club I had been excited when her tight little breasts had pressed into my larger soft ones and she had spurted her own water onto my leggings. I actually came in the street when we had our wet huddle.

We shared many secrets on the way home. Including the way I love the sensation of peeing and feeling wet and even more the danger of discovery in wet clothes. Her wetness has two sides to it; firstly it has far more to do with sex and orgasm than mine and, for her the two are inseparable. She cannot come without peeing, and to piss whilst being stimulated produces an almost instant orgasm for her. 

Wet clothes are merely a common result of her frequent accidents; hence the short dresses and thong pants. In these she can piss outside with almost as much freedom as a man, the backless nature of her pants mean that there is no wet fabric to dampen the back of her skirt and she can pee standing up without looking messed up. It is Frank who gets turned on by seeing her look messily wet and having her pee on him. She is happy to oblige especially as this means that she can relax and not worry about leaking. 

She is also a bed wetter and often pees in her sleep, which greatly inhibited her sex life until Frank came along and took away her nappies (diapers). Now, at least in her own bed, the only problem with wetting was that it usually woke Frank and he then wanted sex when she just wanted to luxuriate in her puddle and go back to sleep. "Frank is really a bit over the top with regards mess;" she confided in me. "He even prefers me not to wear a tampon to bed at the height of my period; he would lie there and lick out my bloody mess all night if I'd let him."

All this and lots more she told me on the way home and later in bed after the first flush of our love making was over.

Once in the bedroom I flipped back the duvet and we sank onto the bed in a firm embrace; continuing the kissing we had started outside.

"I need to piss again" Anna held back as I reached for her crotch.

"Hold it a while I want to taste it" I replied; guiding her hand to my own crotch where I released a little spurt to encourage her.

"But the bed?"

"It's OK; it's sorted."

"She lay back, her obligation as a guest fulfilled, and pulled me down on top of her. I could feel the cold of her wet dress against my bare midriff. We kissed again, deeply and sensually this time and when we came up for air I sat up straddling her. She slid her hands under my tube top and massaged my breasts, gently stroking, lifting and cupping them before getting down to paying serious attention to my nipples.

I anointed her with more piss through my leggings and onto her microscopic briefs. She slid my top up and pulled it over my head, stroking my hair back into place as she finished. She then unzipped my side seam and inserted her hands into my waistband to slide my leggings off leaving me naked sitting above her as she fondled my clitty with her thumbs. 

Feeling suddenly wild and most unladylike I rose to my knees and slid her slim frame down the bed working my fired up cunt against her nipples as they projected through the satin of her dress. A spurt of piss sent it transparent, first around the right nipple and then swinging over to the left. I fingered her breasts for a while before returning to my urgent need; thrusting her even further down the bed.

"Eat me" I commanded. She ate; first sucking my clitty and working around it and then her nose took over that job whilst her tongue explored further and further inside.

"Thirsty?" I enquired.

"Very dry, go for it" she replied, so I did. No little spurts this time but pouring into her mouth and then off her chin and down her front until it disappeared down her cleavage and wet down the few remaining dry patches on her dress from inside before running underneath her and forming a puddle on the sheet.

"I need some too; sixty nine?" Anna gasped.

"OK you on top" I rolled off and lay back in the puddle.

Anna straddled me and went to work again with a will on my genitalia whilst presenting her own pussy and asshole for my attention, which I gladly gave. I pulled her thong aside in order to gain proper access and started by gently licking the ring of her puckered sphincter which responded by rolling and flexing of its own volition I then worked down and attended to her clitty with my nose buried so far into her vagina that I could hardly breathe.

Feeling my own orgasm building I increased my efforts as she got hotter and hotter, stickier and stickier. 

She paused and shuddered; I paused too, all attention suddenly on my building orgasm. We both realised what was happening to the other and carried on. 

Anna shuddered and came, her cunt pulsating and throbbing so much I could see it. Then as my own orgasm peaked and I started shouting and panting; she peed. A great flooding rush all over my face, my hair and the pillows.

With her pee she screamed loud and high pitched, it went on and on until she finally collapsed back onto the by now totally saturated bed. She turned around and we cuddled. 

Now it was over and we relaxed I finally emptied my own bladder guiding her little hand into the stream as I did so. I pulled the duvet over us and we dozed in our steaming wetness for quite a time; temporarily exhausted. We then started again; exploring each other's bodies with care and a thoroughness which I've never known in a man, even a sensitive one like Dickie. (Flatterer) after some time we really began to feel that we knew each other's bodies and minds in ways which only women can understand. 

Anna was so gentle and sensitive that I felt I could have continued for ever but we finally called a halt; drained of all sensation and all piss "You know I think that's enough for a few hours but I don't want to disappoint the boys," Anna murmured.

Oh I think they have enjoyed themselves, didn't you hear Frank come just before we did the first time? 

At that moment we heard, Dickie, give tongue like a wolf calling at the moon. And I knew that he too would be quiet for a while. It takes an awful lot of stimulation to get him going twice in one evening.

We cuddled quietly for a while longer until the piss wet sheets cooled and became less comfortable. I leaned over her, "This is the plan," I whispered. We got up and I stripped the bed. Base, duvet and pillows were all protected by waterproof covers under the cotton bedclothes, and these I sponged off before fitting fresh linen.

We then shared a shower, shampooed, rinsed dried and powdered each other, even using the hair drier and brushing our hair until it shone. 

Finally we slid naked between the spotless sheets, had a quiet kiss and cuddle; just gently without too much sexual stimulation and, feeling very relaxed, began to doze off in each other's arms. I kept one ear open listening for the door; and when I was very nearly asleep it slowly opened and Dickie, came in looking very sheepish; behind him came Frank with a bit of a swagger and an impish grin.

DICKIE:- 

When I opened the bedroom the women were cuddled up together looking totally innocent, like the babes in the wood, if I didn't know, and hadn't heard, I could have thought they had just chatted and fallen asleep giving each other no more than a sisterly cuddle.

I crept towards Julie's side of the bed. She half opened her eyes and shook her head "Oh no you don't! Neither of you are coming to bed like that you are smelly, pissy and altogether totally disgusting; go and shower very thoroughly." She said in the kind of determined stage whisper which brooked no argument.

So we crept into the bathroom where the image of nursery cleanliness so evident in the bedroom was somewhat marred by the mass of wet bedding and clothes bursting out of the laundry bin.

The shower was good and hot and we, of course, got pretty aroused again as we soaped each other down. Frank came spurting hot cum against my stomach, I didn't, being totally exhausted, so I anointed him with more piss instead. It was all a bit of an aftermath as we were ready to sleep. Quite soon we were as clean and dry as the women and approached the bed once again.

And again Julie shook her head as I approached her side. "Other side lemon head we have guests and they need our attention even when we sleep." 

So I slid in beside the sleeping form of Anna. Frank was beckoned to Julie's side when he tried to follow me. There would be no more games between us that night as we were separated by the two women.

As I slid between the sheets Anna turned towards me without opening her eyes and gave me a little kiss and an even smaller hug. She then whispered "Cuddle me Dickie but don't DO anything else; I'm bushed," before turning her back on me and pulling my arm over her. Julie gave similar instructions to Frank and, like me, he was too exhausted to argue. 

I snuggled close my erection recovering and pressing into the small of her back. Anna reached over and worked me down until my penis was nestling comfortably between her bum cheeks. "Go to sleep," she whispered.

So we both lay there cuddled up against the naked back of a sleeping woman with whom we had not had sex. Exhausted and quite relieved I drifted off to sleep with a soft half erection resting gently against an unfamiliar little ass.

. . . . .

I was dreaming: I was lying naked on a beautiful sunny shore in Greece when somebody suddenly started pouring water on my balls. . . . . . . . . . . 

The rest I will leave to your imagination but for a few hints have a look at Julie 8: Pushing back the Frontiers.

...

This story recounts the events of the day after Julie and I first got together with Frank and Anna. We met in the Cashba Club and they returned with us to Julie's flat for a night's wet sex. The story of that evening is told in Julie 7: Club Friends. 



