That's What Friends Are For 
	A Tribute to Patches 
Posted by Tinker, January 1995 

I knew it would be a very special day. I knew. The moment I got up, I felt that warm thrill inside to tell me this would be a day I would never forget. No temper for me this morning! 

I took a shower, dried myself, looked at myself in the mirror (not a bad sight even if I say so myself) and then slipped back into my room. Very thoughtfully and slowly, I put on the clothes I had carefully selected and arranged the evening before. First a pair of pastel green panties, nothing special, but beautifully fitted for this wonderful day. They felt great when I let them snap into place, covering my ass and crotch up to my waist. I looked in my full-height mirror. Yes, just normal panties. But today, they would have to perform an almost heroic feat. Over my pale green panties I slipped a nice full dress, that brushed softly against my legs, and topped it off with a sweater. I shivered. 

Then I sat down on my bed to put on calf-high white knit socks and my fabric tennis shoes. No pantyhose today. I did my hair the usual way, and prepared breakfast. Walking to college, it felt like as if they had paved the sidewalk with feathers, and I could feel my dress lightly rubbing my body and my panties. I could also feel the chilly fall air reaching up my dress and finding an unblocked way straight to my pale green crotch. Weird how I noticed all these things much better as before, and wonderful to walk like this, with my own, private, naughty thoughts, and nobody knowing them. 

The morning classes went routinely. When lunch time arrived I went to the bathroom and after that sat down to eat my lunch. Usually I drink just one glass of soda, but today I downed four. And I knew I would not go to the bathroom again, at least not before I had met my friend. She would take the same class as I did, the last of the day, and afterwards we had planned something special. When I left the place, I couldn't resist quickly pouring another soda, and hurried to the next class, my shoes shuffling over the slippery tiles. 

I don't think either one of us got very much out of the lecture. I felt pleasantly excited, almost glowing, and kept toying with my dress a bit. We would look at each other from time to time and smile. Both of us were fidgeting in our seats; I couldn't sit still because of a growing pressure to pee, and I supposed that it was the same with my friend. Slowly, very slowly, the hands of the classroom clock moved. If a minute takes four hours, a lecture takes forever. But when it was finally over, we grabbed our stuff and dashed to the exit ahead of the stream. 

Leaving the building, we quickened our pace, and crossed the grass to a large tree about 50 feet off the main sidewalk, near the quad. Just like me, my friend was wearing a full dress, and a sweater to keep her warm in the cool but not yet cold fall air. We clutched our books and clipboards close to our breasts as we looked at each other and smiled. We were two normal girls, conservatively dressed, casually walking to the tree without attracting any attention. 

When we reached the tree, we stopped as if we had agreed on it before. From here, we could go in several directions to find a sheltered spot and pursue our intentions, so I asked: "What do we do now?" I looked to the row of bushes and wanted to walk in their direction. But to my horror my friend replied: "We just stand right here like this and enjoy every sneaky, naughty moment of it." 

My jaw dropped: "Won't someone see us if we stand this close to the sidewalk?"

"Not likely, but being daring and the fear of being caught add to the excitement of it for me; it turns me on even more!" 

Before she even finished speaking, I heard a slight hissing sound. No! This couldn't be true! But it had to be, there was no other explanation, as the only place where such a sound could come from was hidden under the pretty dress of my friend. A slight glow of excitement appeared on my friend's face, and I saw her hands getting white knuckles from clutching her clipboard tightly. Her breathing became audible, and I heard my own heart pound in my ears when I looked her over. There was nothing special about her, she just stood on the grass in her dress, and had only parted her feet a little. Her dress hid everything as if made for it. But it was very clear what she was doing. I held my breath while I looked down to the hem of her dress, innocently waving in the breeze. It could not take much longer. 

Then I saw a river of pee falling down on the grass between her legs. My friend was in heaven, moaning softly while she let her panties have it all. She never even took her eyes off me nor looked around to see if anyone might be watching. Her smile just spread further across her face. I was becoming very excited just watching her brazen act. Here was my best friend, wetting herself like a naughty little girl, wearing all her school clothes, and plainly enjoying it! But the end came quickly now. The waterfall died out, and soon my friend was just wearing a dress again, standing at ease on the grass. As she finished peeing, she said: "Why don't you try it now?" 

I wanted to protest. I wanted to go somewhere more private. But then I remembered that this was what I had planned to do since yesterday. The thought of what I was about to do both scared and excited me at the same time. I could feel the pressure of my pee urgently wanting release. Then my friend said to me in a calming voice: "Relax! Just relax and let it happen." 

Yeah, just let it happen... as if this was so easy! I felt like wearing all my clothes at the same time, and yet, it aroused me like nothing else. It would be just my panties. Nobody would notice, not during, not afterwards. Just my pale green panties, and they knew it. I could feel them snugly around my hips, and my dress protected them from all indiscretions. My friend was right. I just had to relax, and it would happen by itself. I would not have to do anything for it. I would have to *stop* doing something instead. I would have to give my body back the control over itself, the control that I had taken away from it in infancy. 

So I nodded to my friend and took a breath. With a quick glance in every direction, I shuffled my feet a bit and allowed my pelvic muscles to relax a little. I could feel my pee right on the edge of escaping my body and I fought the reflex to tighten up and avoid releasing my pee. I almost didn't make it. I had to throw in all my powers to overcome the trained instinct of protecting my panties. But their fate had already been decreed. They were doomed from the start. And they knew it. 

After a last, decisive command to my muscles, I finally felt a relieving and exciting sensation as some warm pee began to escape past the lips of my pussy. It was slow at first and a warm sensation flooded my crotch area. For a moment my sight faded and I could only think of my poor panties down there, getting something to drink that they had never experienced before. They would show a dark stain now, I thought. A beautiful stain, slowly spreading down from my pussy to the part between my legs. And sideways, taking up the whole front of my panties. How would dark green panties look like under my dress anyway? Would there be enough light up there to see anything at all? 

A next spurt of warm liquid reminded me of what I was doing again, and I just continued with letting it happen. Not that I could do anything to stop it, though. I now was undeniably wetting myself. I pissed in my panties. I really pissed in my panties! I had wanted it, I had fought for it, and now I was doing it. I stood on the grass, visible for every passer-by, wearing my full clothes, all of them, and I was purposely pissing straight into my clothes. And it was sensational. 

I sensed a drip running down the inside of one leg now. That feeling along with the warmth in my pelvic area allowed me to relax further and the pressure of my stream increased. The stronger flow of pee quickly overpowered my panties and soon I heard the faint sound of dripping on the grass, followed by the sound of a steady stream. I just gazed at my friend's eyes, afraid to look either way for fear that I might have to acknowledge someone watching me. She smiled an approving smile as I released every drop I had saved up for this moment. 

I wanted the feeling of wetting my panties to go on forever, a feeling that was heightened by the naughtiness of this act in a public place where I might be detected at any moment. But my beautiful dress hid it all, my pose was not in any way revealing, and who would look at two girls standing under a tree anyway? With a light breeze brushing the hem of my dress against my calves, I deeply enjoyed the cosy warm flood that washed through my panties. But I had never known that forever was so short. My river ran its course much too soon and I was only left with the fantasy that there would be other opportunities to repeat this exciting experience. 

After having gained enough courage to begin walking again, we both carefully started back to the sidewalk. It felt very arousing, walking with such a wet secret hidden under my dress. Arriving at the sidewalk we couldn't help glancing back a few times, to see if we didn't leave a trail of some kind. But no. Nobody would spot anything. Our panties were too thin to retain much moisture anyway, most of it had gone straight through. During the walk back home, I twice felt a little drop spiralling down my right leg, and once I saw my friend rubbing her calf with her shoe. We carefully checked each other out for stains on our dresses, but we were confident that they would not show anything. They didn't. 

After a while, my panties turned cold. I had to resist the temptation to reach through my dress and pluck at them from behind, as I would normally do when they crept too much into my ass crack. After having wet your panties, there were still *some* things to think about! Giggling and very satisfied, we both split up to go to our respective dorms. I can still remember the wonderful feeling of accomplishment and naughtiness when I passed by some people I knew. 

In my apartment, I immediately went into the bathroom and undressed except for my panties. Looking at myself in the mirror, it was just as I had expected: my panties were dark green from halfway down in the front, between my legs, and one-third up my cheeks. It looked good; the stain had a nice, moist glance over it and my panties clung tightly to my cheeks and crotch, revealing every rounding. The panty material was so thin that I could actually see the outline of my pubic hair. The hair on my snatch stood out in bold relief from my wet patch as every contour was accented by the clinging action of the wet panty fabric against my body. And it felt even better: wet, a bit chilly, but very stimulating. Pity that I did not need to pee any more. 

I opened the shower valve, waited for the water to reach a comfortable temperature, and stepped into the stall, still wearing my panties. I took the shower head off its hook and carefully started to work up my legs. It still took some courage to point the water straight at my panties and rinse them out. But the sensations of the warm water tickling my sensitive parts through the wet fabric were worth it. After having rinsed my panties well enough, I threw them into the wash pile and spent a healthy amount of time in the shower spoiling myself. 

I carefully dried myself, looked at the poster of my room for a minute, and then dressed up for the evening. Today had been the first day of the rest of my life. A different life. I had discovered something so precious to me that it would influence a great deal of my life from then on. And in a few weeks, it even started to influence the world. 

