It was another boring day, as always, 25–year–old Victoria thought as she sat on the edge of her bed. She sat there, letting the warm sun soak her through the windows, glistening on her tight, tan body. She ran her hand over her rock hard abs and smiled as she looked down at herself. She loved her body and she loved the attention it got. She didn't have a boyfriend but she loved fucking a different guy every night. She knew she was a total slut and didn't care. She sat there thinking how it was Thursday, wishing it were Friday so she could go clubbing. It wasn't worth going on Thursday nights, though; the clubs weren't even half packed.
Finally, she got off the bed and walked to the window in her light green underwear and stood there, looking out. She fingered her shoulder–length blonde hair and smiled about her blue streaks, knowing how sexy her hair looked. She walked over to her closet and looked at all her clothes, wondering what she wanted to be today. Gothic? Schoolgirl? Cheerleader? She couldn't decide. She giggled at the sudden thought of spending the whole day in her underwear. Suddenly she felt the urge to pee and walked away from her closet to the bathroom. She pulled down her panties, but before she sat down, another thought struck her.
'Just how hot am I? Am I hot enough that I could have an accident and still pick up a guy?' She smiled devilishly and pulled her panties back up. She ran back to her closet, wondering what was the perfect outfit to wear. She decided blacks and skirts were out, she wanted people to see. She reached in and grabbed a pair of low–rider Capri's and a skimpy black halter–top. She took off her panties and grabbed a red thong to slip on. After that, she pulled her jeans up and made sure the thong straps rested comfortably on her hips. She unhooked her bra and let her beautiful 36Cs hang out until she put her shirt on over them. She looked at the clock to find it was 5.
'Perfect! Places are crowded!' She grabbed her purse and smiled at her money. She loved strip dancing. 'Mall time!' She ran out and grabbed a bottle of water before leaving and had it gone before she even got to her car.
When she got to the mall, she had her legs twitching. She was already hoping she could hold it until the opportune moment. She wanted it set up, but she began to think a pure accident might actually turn her on. She felt her pussy start to get wet at the thought of what she was about to do. She got out of the car and walked into the crowded mall. First she stopped at the cafe for a large coffee. She could feel all the guys' eyes on her as she sat down and smiled as she sipped her coffee. After she finished her coffee, she was about to rise up, but felt a jolt go through her. She quickly put her hand on her crotch and squeezed. She knew now she didn't have time to shop, she needed to go now. She tried to think of a place where guys hung out and walked quickly to the nearest sports store. She looked in and saw many guys that were totally built. She felt herself get wetter as she looked at all the muscles on the guys, most of them walking around in muscle shirts or tank tops.
She took a deep breath and walked in, smiling seductively. She watched out of the corner of her eye at all the guys looking at her and saw the lumps in their pants and she loved it. She knew there would definitely be one guy that still had one after her "accident," but she had to find the right one...or maybe she could go to a group of guys.
'Yeah,' she thought. 'My chances would be better.' She looked around and there were a lot of groups. She looked back in the corner where the weights were and saw 3 well built guys, all wearing muscle shirts, and walked over to them. She smiled seductively as she brushed her hair out of her eye. (*In the interest of discriminating between them, I'll just give them random names.)
"Great hair," Bob said. "Sexy." She smiled and nodded, putting her hands on her thighs.
"Like anything else?" she asked.
"That thong looks great," Jake said. "Why not take it off so we can get a better look at it?" They laughed nervously about the comment as she smiled again, lowering her head and looking out of the top of her eyes.
"Not in front of everyone else, sweetie," she said softly, snapping her thong. She then let her face get twisted. "Is there a bathroom in here?"
"Dirty girl, aren't you?" said Danny. She wriggled a bit, shifting her weight.
"You have no idea," she replied, "but I REALLY need a bathroom." They looked at each other nervously.
"The closest one is halfway across the mall," Danny answered. She looked down.
"I won't make it," she whispered softly.
"You gotta try," Jake said. "I mean– you can't wet your pants in front of everyone!"
"You don't understand, I can't move!" She smiled on the inside as she put her hand between her legs and squeezed, also squeezing her legs together tightly. The guys looked around, panicky.
"Oh my God, I can't help it." She closed her eyes and felt wetness on her hand. She was now to the point where she couldn't control it even if she wanted to. It was small at first, but she felt the pressure of her piss jet into her hand, feeling it drip off her fingertips onto the floor. She could feel the warm liquid leaking down her legs to her thighs...her knees. She felt herself get red faced, but it was honestly making her cunt soaked. She was so excited she wanted to just stick her fingers inside and cum. She felt the wetness get to the bottom of her Capri's, dripping down into her socks.
'Oh God, I can't take this!' she thought. 'It feels soooo good!' Finally her bladder emptied out and she stood in a puddle. She opened her eyes and saw the whole store looking at her and blushed as she splashed a bit in the puddle. The guys she was talking with stared in shock.
"Oh my God," she said, sounding fake even to her own ears. "I was so looking to get laid tonight." She let silent tears fall down her face. She turned around and ran out of the store. The 3 guys just looked at each other and quickly walked after her. As she ran with her hands to her face she could hear the quick footsteps behind her and smiled. She got out to her car and Jake was the first one out the door.
"Wait!" Jake yelled. He caught up to her and she looked up at him. "Everybody has accidents in some form, it's no big deal."
"You don't think I'm a scumbag?" she asked. The other 2 guys finally caught up.
"No, not at all," Danny said. She smiled and looked at them as she opened the door and pulled her jeans off, tossing them on the floor in the back and standing there in her red cotton thong. She got in the driver's seat, shutting the door and looked out the window.
"You guys coming?" she asked.
"Not yet," Bob said as he climbed into the backseat. The other 2 got in and she drove home. She even caught a glimpse in the rear view mirror of Bob sniffing her jeans. She couldn't believe people were actually into this stuff. Once they got to her house, she got out and started walking around back.
"Aren't we going inside?" Danny asked.
"I have a fenced in backyard," Victoria answered. Besides, the neighbors aren't home." They got out in the backyard and she took off her shirt, now standing topless in her wet red thong in the approaching night. The other guys were quick to strip and she smiled seeing them already hard. She lay back on the ground and pulled her thong down. Danny walked up to her and started to finger her pussy a bit, even though it was already soaked. She smiled and moaned as Bob sat on her rock hard abs, sticking his cock in between her beautiful titties, jacking it slowly between them. She motioned for Jake to come to her and grabbed his cock, stroking it gently as she licked the tip.
At this point Danny had his cock inside of her and was pumping her hard and Bob picked up the pace fucking her tits. She moaned loudly as she sucked on Jake and played with his balls. She knew she couldn't hold on long, she was hoping they were going to cum quick. After a few minutes Jake's balls were really tight as were Danny's and she was hoping Bob was ready, too. She took the cock out of her mouth for a second and said, "Ready? Cause I need to cum now." And with that she felt hot cum blast all over her face and tits. She took Jake's cock back into his mouth and sucked hard and in a few seconds she could feel his hot cum blast into the back of her throat and at the same time she got pumped full of cum from Danny as she felt her cum oozing out of her pussy. She arched her back and screamed into Jake's cock.
After it was all over and everyone was dressing, she picked up her thong and handed it to Bob and winked. He looked at her confused and she whispered into his ear, "I thought you liked the smell of my jeans, so you would like that, too." He looked away embarrassed. She was about to go inside when Danny stopped her.
"You know, it's a long walk home for us," he said. She smiled and looked at them and gave her keys to Danny.
"You can drive, hun," she said. "I think there's enough room in the backseat for the other three of us."
By: Amoeba