This story is nearly entirely fictional, with some elements of truth. I'll leave it to you to decide which is which.Chapter 1 I had about six hours left to go on my drive home. It had been raining almost the entire four hours since I started out, and since I was eastbound, it wasn't likely to let up. Since I was tensed up enough from driving I decided to pull in at the rest stop to use the bathroom, instead of just letting go in my pants like I normally would. Not another car in sight in the lot. As I got out of my truck, I saw her. She sat on a bench outside the rest area partly covered by a roof, but not completely. She was soaked from her mid–thighs down in her seemingly well–fitted jeans. Her head hung somewhat low, so I couldn't see that she was upset. I noticed that the wetness in her jeans seemed to climb higher on her legs than the rain could account for, but I assured myself it was just wishful thinking.It wasn't until I was inside seeking the relief of the restroom that it occurred to me; there were no cars other than mine outside. Why is there a woman here with no car? I decided I would risk making conversation with her even though it was nearly ten at night, and a stranger in the dark striking up a conversation might not be the most comfortable thing for her. I didn't need to worry though because as I came out of the restroom, she approached me. She was about my height of five foot–eight, faded blue denim jeans clinging to a well rounded set of thighs framed by a loose–fitting silky green blouse over a small but perky chest. Above that, she had flowing long curly copper red hair, and the most beautiful hazel eyes I had ever seen. Beautiful except for the hurt I saw in them. She had been crying, and from her appearance, had been crying for a while."Can I.. I was just wondering.. I.. Look, my car has been stolen. I was moving, and everything I had was in there. My phone, my purse, everything. I've been here for an hour and the emergency phone doesn't work and you're the first person to stop since then. I don't know what to do," she pleaded, forcing back the tears."Let me help. I have a phone. Is there someone you can.." I stopped as I noticed that my phone had no service. Was it the rain, or just the middle of nowhere? Not too distant, the sounds of thunder overcame the constant spatter of the heavy rain that fell. "..well.. never–mind that I guess... my phone doesn't work here. Look, I can either leave you here and go on till my phone works, or until I get to the next town, or, you can ride along and we'll get you some help. I know you don't know me and I could be some.." she cut me off."Let's go. I'm tired of this place. I'd rather take my chances with a stranger than risk being stuck here." She turned to walk out the door. Aside from ogling her quite round buttocks, I noticed that the seat of her pants was darker than normal. Did she wet herself, or was the bench wet, I wondered. My wishful thinking kicking in again. Of course not, its raining and the bench was wet. I got a few bottles of water from the vending machines and we got in my Yukon and took off.As I got back on the interstate, the heavy rain gave way to a strong storm. The radio told us that there were severe storms in the area, and several bands of it would roll through tonight. Great, I thought to myself, as if heavy rain weren't bad enough. We barely got to fifty. There were hardly any other cars or trucks out though, so it wasn't so bad. I pressed on, fighting the wheel. She took a bottled water, opened it, and passed it to me and then took one for herself."Thanks for this. I was thirsty before I ever stopped earlier, but with my.. well.. my everything gone..." she began to waver a little, becoming upset again."No worries. We'll get you some help." I checked my phone, and still no signal. "I wonder where the next town is. We'll stop and see what we can do there." Barely visible through the rain was a sign. Next exit was twenty–nine miles away. At this rate it'll take forever to get there. I look down, and realize that we're going thirty and I can barely see through the rain and near constant strobe effect of the lightning."If we don't float away first," she actually smiled a little as she said it. "Annie."Chapter 2 "Annie," she repeated."Wha? ... Oh, right. My manners.. I'm Stuart, but you can call me Sam." as I stifled a laugh. "I never really liked the name Stuart. Sam happens to spell out my initials, and kinda suits me."She offered her hand and said "I'm glad I met you tonight. At least I hope I am. Still a little nervous.."I gently took her hand and tried to assure her of my good intentions "You should be, it's healthy. People can be... dangerous... I promise you I'll be nothing but a gentleman." and shot her a quick smile. She relaxed some, and, much more slowly than I expected, slipped her hand away.I turned my attention back to the road in time to see police lights ahead. As we got closer, we saw it was an accident. Annie gasped."That's MY car! That's my... DAMMIT." We saw that it wasn't just police lights, but fire trucks as well. There had been a fire and her car was badly burnt out. We pulled out onto the shoulder so she could talk to the officers.I waited several minutes as she stood in the rain discussing the situation with the officers. Eventually, the officer she spoke to reached in through the passenger window of her burnt out car and grabbed a couple things and handed them to her. As she looked in the broken out windows of her car, she became hysterical, bouncing up and down as she cried out. The officer spoke to her a few more minutes and calmed her down. During the conversation, she pointed to me and my Yukon. After a few minutes he walked her to the truck and she got in. I could smell the smoke and scent of burnt car in what I realized was her purse that the officer recovered. The officer came over to my window."I can't give this young lady a ride right now, but she says you helped her earlier. I checked you out on the radio, and you're clear. But I know who she is and I know who you are, and she's to call me in a couple hours to let me know she's OK. If she doesn't I'll have every officer in the state looking for you. Clear?" he said, solid as stone."Understood clearly. If we can't call, I'll stop at a police station somewhere and they'll call. Here's my number." and I handed him a card."Stay safe. There's going to be some rough weather all night tonight, so keep your eyes open." I rolled up my window. Shortly after, I caught a hint of a pee scent. I've really got to work out this fetish thing because it's driving me crazy and making me see, hear, and smell things that aren't there...We were ready to make our way back onto the road. I glanced over at Annie and saw that she was soaked head to toe. Her curly red hair was now nearly straight and clung to her shoulders and neck as if it were glued there. She was shivering. Her clothes were all in the car and ruined. She was again in tears, cold, wet, miserable, and probably wondering how else life could kick her.I tried my best to block one of those kicks. I offered her a blanket to wrap up in. At first she refused, telling me that her clothing would get it all wet. I insisted and told her to not worry, it would dry. She took the blanket, and snuggled in. For the first time since we had met almost two hours earlier, she introduced me to her smile, a full smile, as she thanked me for helping her. It took a few moments before we broke our gaze.As I pulled back onto the road, I looked at the clock and realized that we had been there for over an hour. "So... now what?" I asked her."Well... I don't really know. This is all so weird. It's almost like one of those bad dreams that you can't quite wake up from.. not quite a nightmare, though. I can't help but wonder what's going to happen next. This whole night has been a series of bad thing, good thing, bad thing, good thing.. you know? So far, you've been a good thing, and I have my purse now so that's good too. How far East are you going, anyway?""North of Davenport. How about you? Where were you going?""I wasn't real sure. I was going to go until I saw somewhere interesting. I was thinking Chicago–ish.""I see. How far would you like to go with me?" I asked, and she pretended to be startled. "For this trip, I meant.""Oh, right.. that's what you meant..." she said playfully as she smiled a wry smile from the corner of her mouth.She was toying with me, seeing if she could make me uncomfortable. "Let's just see how things go."We each started another liter bottle of water.Chapter 3 I could still smell the now unmistakable scent of pee in my truck. Maybe it was just her wet clothing? Maybe it was my imagination. I just didn't know.The storm dissipated some over the next half hour. Annie had drifted off to sleep shortly after we got back under way. She looked like she needed the peace, after the day she'd had. I sped up as the rain let up, so we were actually finally starting to get somewhere. It looked like the storm was just regrouping, getting ready to...FLASH BANG!! Out of nowhere, a very close lightning strike and accompanying boom shattered the calm in the truck. Another downpour started. Annie awoke startled by the boom. "Oh god!" "It's OK, it's just lightning." "No, I need to pee. Like NOW...." she said, rather calmly. "Uh.. well, I could pull over?" I suggested. Her face had been somewhat pained and panicked until that moment, but before I could finish talking, her face relaxed. "Never–mind.... damn..." "Huh? Oh.. I..." "I'm so sorry. I just got your blanket and seat even more wet." she said, but not in an overly upset tone, not as upset as I would have expected. "It's alright. If I don't stop soon, my seat will be wet too." I hadn't realized until now, but it was true. I hadn't noticed that I needed a bathroom break until just then. "Well, if you don't make it, I can't very well make fun of you for it, can I?" she asked, again with that playful tone. "I suppose not." I smiled back. I decided to take a risk and flood my jeans. I looked at her, and, in an even, unexcited tone, said "Uh oh." as I relaxed my control. "Never–mind..." I said back to her. Annie looked down at my lap, looked up at me and bit her lower lip for a moment. "Well, I guess we won't need to stop for a while." "That's OK... We'll stay drier in here anyway, even though we..." I couldn't believe what I was doing! Right next to this beautiful woman I had just met, I had intentionally let go of my bladder. A thousand feelings ran through my mind all at once. The intense feelings of my hot pee flowing all around my hardening cock, knowing that this woman whom I had just met peed her own pants curled up inside my blanket in the seat of my truck! My heart was pounding, my mind racing. I must be asleep somewhere, dreaming vividly. No. I am awake, and this is real. And as the wetness in my pants grew, I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Annie was fixed intently on my crotch as the wetness spread. She was enjoying this as much as I was! This was all so much, between what was going on inside the truck, and what was going on with the rain outside, She pulled the blanket away slowly and moved so that she was sitting with her back toward the door. Slowly and slyly, she parted her legs, pulling one flat against the seat, her knee against the seat–back. Her other knee was almost against the dashboard. As I looked over at her, our eyes met, and with them, she motioned for me to look down. Her clothes were still somewhat wet from the rain, but at her crotch and on down were the telltale signs of a full–on bladder emptying. Was I really seeing this? The dim glow of the dashboard lights did no justice to the wondrous sight I was seeing. Nonetheless, I was more interested in what I saw beside me than the broken white line in the road. My attention to the road was far less than perfect, and I was beginning to wander around on the highway. She sat back up in her seat, and with a shy smile, said "now we have something else to talk about." I had to admit that at that particular moment, talking was the furthest thing from my mind. "But not right now. I'm more than a little tired, and kinda cold. Is that a sleeping bag back there?" she asked as she looked over the seat at my assortment of stuff. "Actually, it is. I take these with me on long drives. It's cheaper than a motel. If you want, go ahead and roll it out. I'll pull over so you.." I trailed off as she started to climb over the seat. Intentionally or not, she gave me a very good view of her soaked crotch and ass as she climbed over. "Find somewhere safe and pull off the interstate and join me back here. And don't get any ideas. This is just a nap, nothing else." "Got it." I replied. I really wasn't expecting anything more, actually. And, truth be told, I really needed a nap badly at that point. She had found her phone in her purse and, amused that it still worked after what it had been through, called the officer to let him know all was well and that she had all the help she needed for now. We arranged everything in the back and laid down. I had a couple dry blankets back there that I used to keep us covered since the bag was too small for us both to fit. It was tight back there with all my gear in the back, so we laid there closely together. I put my arm over her, and she didn't argue. We fell asleep in our wet clothing to the sounds of the rain and occasional thunder outside the truck. Chapter 4 It couldn't have been more than two or three hours later that I woke. Annie had snuggled in toward me, and we were now spooning. She had opened the side of the sleeping bag at some point and we were both somewhat inside it. Our clothing had all but dried by now. I stretched a little to get comfortable; the back of my Yukon wasn't the most luxurious. As I put my arm back down around her over the blankets, she woke for a moment and whispered that I'd be warmer under the blanket. I pulled my arm inside the blankets and sleeping bag, gently cradling my arm over her. She answered by putting her hand over mine and intertwined our fingers. I heard her sigh gently and felt her relax. We were drifting off to sleep again when the rain and wind picked up yet again. Lightning was crashing down around us not too distantly. She pushed herself into me, gripping my hand. I assured her we'd be alright and gently kissed her ear. She slowly relaxed as I gently stroked her fingers. We drifted off to sleep again for a while.... ========= "Excuse me, could you tell me where the restrooms are?" I asked the lady behind the counter. "They're at the other end of the store" she replied, pointing off into some distant dark corner. I couldn't even see where she was pointing for sure. I'd wander off in that direction anyway and look around. As I get closer, I can ask someone again. I made it through mens clothing. Then women's clothing. Shoes. Electronics. Plumbing. Plumbing? 'Maybe there's a toilet here I can use' I joked to myself. Electrical. Insulation. My god, this is a big store. I hope like hell I can get to the bathrooms soon; I really need to go. Lumber. Produce. Canned goods. I found another employee. She's dressed like a clown. A clown? Cool. "Where are restrooms?" I asked. "Back that way" was her reply. I turned around and went back the way I just came. Back through the automotive department. Automotive? I was in the grocery section a moment ago. This isn't good. I'm really about to lose control. It would be OK normally, but I'm in a public place near home. There's people I know here. I've seen some. There's my best client now, in fact. And I'm close to wetting myself. It's going to happen soon. I made it back to the plumbing department. That's where the toilets are. You've got to be kidding me. The toilets are in full public view? People are sitting there using them? 'Try before you buy' the sign says. No one seems to notice or care that these toilets are out in the open, so I am going to find one too. Just have to wait a moment for someone to finish up and... there's one! I hurry up to the toilet and unzip. I free myself from my underwear and aim. I relax and let my bladder release. Slow at first. I'm peeing. A lot. But where's the relief? I've been peeing for a long time. I should be done by now, but I'm still desperate to pee? I give a little push; maybe if I make it come out faster I'll get some relief. It's working. The feeling of relief is intense. There's a warmth spreading over me as I pee now, one I didn't feel before. It almost feels like I'm wetting myself. My manhood feels as though it's bathed in the hot pee that it's releasing. My left hip is telling me that I'm in a puddle. I close my eyes for a moment. When I open them, I am lying on the floor, not standing at the toilet. I am peeing toward a drain in the floor, but because I am laying on my side, I am missing, and the pee is pooling at my hip. I close my eyes again. I realize that the relief is so intense that I am moaning out loud. But it's not my voice. It's a female voice. It sound's like Annie, the woman I was driving with when I went to... ========= SLEEP!! I woke, terrified for a moment of what just happened. Terrified, until I realized the moans I heard were not coming from the dream, but from Annie. When I had fallen back asleep, I had noted that I was in need of a pee, but not badly, just enough to know that I would need to wake up soon and go. I hadn't figured out how or where yet, so I just went back to sleep. Now that I was awake, though, I realized that I was still spooned with Annie. And I had just emptied my bladder. Completely. "Mmmmmmmmmm... My turn.", she said. My cock was rapidly hardening at the realization of what was happening. I had just had a pee dream. I didn't wake up. I was pressed against her ass and crotch. I had just emptied my bladder through our clothing and right on to her pussy. And she liked it. A lot. She rolled over to face me and pushed on my shoulder, motioning for me to lay on my back. My cock is fully hard now under my wet clothes. She lifted her leg over my hips and pressed herself directly onto my rock hard member. A moment later, the cooling dampness in my jeans was suddenly refreshed with a hot wetness spreading all over me, flooding me. Down my hips. Down my crack over my ass. Her hot pee was flooding my balls and rock solid cock. She rocked back and forth slightly, moaning as she relieved herself. I felt the familiar fire beginning to burn in my soul. I moaned. She moaned louder, and rocked faster. Her hands met my shoulders, her fingers gripping me firmly. Her moans and her motions became sharper as her body began to tense. Lost in the moment, I felt myself moan aloud again. The white fire overtook my mind as came harder than I had ever come before in my life. Her fingers suddenly gripped my shoulders as she came as though she was trying to remove flesh from bone. She screamed one last scream and fell down on me, spent. The flow from her continued on for what felt like minutes as she leaned her head down on mine, looking me deep in the eyes. We kissed. Slowly at first, testing each other. Then, our lips embraced and we kissed passionately. We rolled to our sides, our clothing soaked in our liquids, embraced in a kiss. I began to lift her shirt to feel her skin with my fingertips. "Not now. We have plenty of time. Let's leave something to look forward to when we're in better surroundings" she said as she winked and smiled, gently biting her lip again, teasing. "I'd like that." I replied. "Hold me." she ordered, and I complied, taking her gently into my arms. We kissed again, and once again, we drifted off to sleep one last time before morning, in each others arms and a very wet sleeping bag. Chapter 5 The storm had passed. I could feel the warmth of the sunshine on my face as I woke, holding Annie in my arms as if it had always been that way. I gently nuzzled her neck behind her ear, and gave her a subtle kiss. She stirred, replying with a sleepy but approving trill. I couldn't help but recall the events of the night and early morning as I took stock of our situation. I could only hope that Annie was as into me as I believed I was into her. The thought of spending more time with her and getting to know her excited me. I hoped it did her too. I couldn't help but hope that there was more between us than just our apparently shared fetish. If there were, then maybe there'd be the possibility of this being more than just a chance encounter by two souls who crossed paths for just the blink of an eye. "What time is it?" Annie asked, forcing the sleep away to speak. She rolled over to face me, and we continued our embrace. I loked at my phone. "Almost ten! Wow." I replied. Last I had looked, it was about four–thirty. I hadn't expected that we'd sleep this long. "So.. I've been thinking. I don't have anything except the clothes I'm wearing and my purse. I lost everything else and I really need a shower and a change of clothes. Can we stop at your place at least long enough to..." she paused, uncomfortable about what she was about to ask. She didn't want to impose anything on me, nor did she want to imply that she was expecting to stay once she was done. "Yes, of course. We've made it this far, it's the least I can do. And I have no expectations. Hopes, but no expectations." "Hopes?" she asked. "Yeah, hopes that I might ask you out and you'd agree? Get to know each other a bit? Have some fun and conversation that's not with me behind the wheel?" I said, giving her the inquisitive smile that I can't help when I'm overcoming my shyness. "I was kinda hoping you'd ask. I'd like to spend some time with you." she stopped, and looked away, with that inward look that made me think that she was about to tell me something deeply personal. And she was. We sat up, leaning against my gear that lined the back of the truck beside us. She took my hand, gently, then clasped mine with her other hand. Her touch was electric on my skin. She had my soul's full attention. "When I left, I didn't know what I was doing or what I wanted. I felt empty, and nothing I did helped. My parents are both gone. My friends.. well.. I.. well that's another story for later. I hated my job, I hated my apartment, and for the most part, I hated my life. There was no one for me to turn to. I just wanted out. I put some money aside for a while. I saved up enough to live for a couple months while I got things in order... It's stupid, really. No plan. Just an escape. I don't know what I want, but right now, I know that you're the first person that's treated me like a human in a long time. That means something to me, and I..." She stopped, as a tear formed and gently drifted down her cheek. I raised my other hand to wipe the tear away gently as she looked down. She raised a hand and gently pressed mine as I caressed her cheek. Her gaze again met mine. The tears of pain in her eyes had changed. I saw a new look take over her eyes; hope. She was even more beautiful now than when we first met. She broke a smile that was ten times brighter than the last I'd seen. It was only moments, but felt like days as we stared into each others eyes. She leaned into me and put her arms around me, her chin on my shoulder. I responded with my arms, and pulled her close to me, cradling her gently, but assuredly. She kissed my ear then slowly pulled her head back to kiss me on the cheek. Suddenly, once again, our lips embraced in a kiss that was much different than last night. Softer. Slower. I could feel the softness of her lips through my whole body. It was as if their touch to mine set off static charges all over my body. We pulled apart slowly. I knew that we needed to get moving down the road, but neither of us wanted to move from where we were. But reality began to set in. The sun was heating the inside of the truck, and now our previous evening was beginning to catch up with us. A sudden change in the smell inside the truck caught us both off guard and we laughed and decided it was time to get going. Both of us were still quite damp, but it wasn't showing as much. We climbed out the back doors and into the front seats, and down the road we went. I sprayed some air freshener I had in the console and turned on the air. We headed for my home. ===================== "How long?" she asked, blatantly, comfortably. I opened my mouth, not quite sure what she wanted to know. She asked again "how long have you.. been into this? Been into wetting?" "Oh.. Well, I remember something happening when I was about 4 or 5, I think. I was a little rebellious, and peeing my pants felt good even then, and made me feel a bit naughty, especially when I got away with it. I didn't always get away with it, and Mom and Dad thought I had a.. problem. They had no idea. How about you?" "Uhm... It's been more recent for me. I was 17, I think. I was.. taking care of myself one night, and I happened to have a very full bladder. When I... finished... I lost control. I was still wearing my panties. I guess through all that, it triggered something in me. I began to experiment, and... well... here I am." I looked at her and smiled. "When I was in 8th grade, there was this girl, Erin I think, and she had to go to the bathroom. She raised her hand and asked to go, but the teacher told her no. She stood up, and danced in place a little and begged, but the teacher still refused. Suddenly, she stopped dancing. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and I heard a hissing sound. I looked down at her waist and saw a small wet patch turn into a big patch and saw her pee down the legs of her well fitted jeans. The sound she made and the look on her face was almost orgasmic. She didn't look upset. I was hooked..." "Was she embarrassed at all?" "Well, she was a little red faced, but really didn't seem all that upset by it. She sat back down at her desk and waited for the end of the period." "I see.. So.. I need to.." she cut herself off. Her face changed and took on that now familiar look of enjoyment and relief. I could hear the hiss of her relief. ".. oh nevermind..." With that, she turned and opened her legs to show me the freshly re–wet shine of her jeans. She playfully bit her lip again. I smiled to her. "Your turn.." she suggested. I decided to wait for now. The gas gauge was getting lower, and I knew that a stop before home was inevitable. While I love the feeling of just letting go; of feeling the hot wetness envelop my manhood and soak my clothing, I wasn't keen on the idea of showing everyone in the world (or at least everyone in the whole wide town somewhere) that I had peed my pants. "I'm gonna have to wait a bit. I need to gas up the truck before we get to my place." "That's not fair!" she teased. "I need to see you wet NOW.." "I'm not going in the gas station wet, and I don't have a card to pay at the pump with. I.." she cut me off. "I'll go in and pay. But you have to pee again before we get there." "OK, if you go in with your wet pants to pay for the gas and get us some pop, not only will I wet again, but I'll do it while I'm pumping the gas." "Deal" Chapter 6 Our conversations had turned to many other subjects over the next half hour. Music. Art. Sports. Shopping. Religion. Economics. All the while, Annie kept that expectant look in her eye, as if something she had been waiting for years was about to happen. I couldn't believe what I agreed to. I am about to wet my pants in a public place. I'd get to see that beautiful round wet ass walk away from me into the gas station. I could see she was nervous. I had been through Wilton before, so I knew that it wasn't a big town, and it wasn't the busiest gas station in Iowa either, given that it was a few miles off the interstate. I was counting on that. I certainly wasn't going to do this at 'the World's Largest Truck stop' a few miles up the road from here. No, this town would do. My mind was swimming, and by now, I really needed the relief of a good pee. I pulled into the station and up to a pump. Unfortunately, this place was busy, and people in and out almost non–stop. Luckily, no one was looking at me as I got out of the truck. Not until Annie got out and came around where I was. At least a couple people had noticed her situation, and I heard the comments. I was getting ready to pull the gas cap when Annie reached out and stopped me. She gestured for me to look down. As I did, I saw her already soaked crotch sparkle with a fresh wet stream. It flowed down her left leg and left a small puddle at her foot. She reached out her hand as I went for the pump and stopped me. "Now. I want it now." she commanded. I swallowed hard, thinking about what had to come next. By now several people were looking at Annie, and undoubtedly looking at me too, if for no other reason but to see my reaction to her wetting. I smiled to her, and rolled my eyes down. She followed my gaze. It really didn't take much to get started. I had to fairly badly at this point, but I decided that if I was going to do this, I was going to do it right. I let my stream start slowly, savoring the warm wetness as it encompassed my slightly erect penis and flowed over my balls. The stream pooled a bit in the crotch of my jeans and began to spill over into my pant legs. I let go completely. The shimmering lines on my legs grew wider and finally reached the bottom. My pant legs kept the flow out of my shoes and allowed the streams to hit the ground. Two puddles quickly became one and then the lager puddle sought out Annies puddle. Soon, we stood in a single, rather large puddle. The pavement was still wet from the night before, which hid what we had just done to some degree, but it was still a bit obvious. "Pump the gas now. I'll go in and pay." I handed her a hundred and she slowly walked inside as I pumped the gas. A few minutes later, the trucks tank was as full as my tank was empty. She came out a few moments later and returned to the truck. I stood outside the truck until she got there, and we got in together. As she climbed in, I could see she was red–faced, and a bit shaken. But she started a grin which rapidly became a full smile, then a laugh. "I can't believe we just did that!" she said, excited. "I know.. I've never done anything like that. Did anyone say anything to you?" "No, but I overhead some whispers about both of us. I just played like nothing was wrong. I even went in the bathroom and washed my hands. But not a word said directly to me." she explained. "I had a couple people look at me in disgust, but nothing said here either." I replied. I pulled out and started back to the interstate. Annie popped the top on my liter Pepsi and set it out for me, then began to work on hers. In the bag were two more, and more water. We were set for the rest of the drive home. A hour and a half drive ahead of us, and not a single bathroom break needed. ===================== "That was kinda fun... I hope you don't get tired of these wettings.. I have no intention of stopping anytime soon." Annie dead–panned. "Good." I said. "Then the toilet at my house is off limits." I teased. "Well.. if I can't use it, neither can you" she responded. I couldn't believe how easily she had agreed to that. "But we..uh.." "What? But what?" "Well.. I don't want to ruin the furniture. At least not all of it. Have you ever... never mind.. that may be going to far." I stammered. "Too far? We just wet our pants in public. Come on, ask away." "Have you ever worn.. an adult diaper?" I fumbled as I asked. "No, but I've always wanted to try one!" Annie said somewhat enthusiastically. "Well.. Ok. I think I have some that will fit you. They were too small for me, but I kept them in case.... In case I ever had anyone around that could or would wear them." "I think you'd be surprised at what I'll try. We haven't even begun to get through the things I want to do. I.." she paused. She looked as though she was going to continue, but she stopped and looked away. "What? Go on." "Here's the thing. I know we just met, but I really like you. A lot. Maybe more than a lot." I interrupted. "I like you maybe more than a lot too." Our gazes met again, and as I looked into her eyes, for a moment, it was as if I could feel her thoughts. "I just don't want to mess this up. I can't help but think that you are why I left to find something else in my life. I haven't thought about where I am going or what I'm doing since last night. I.. I don't know what that means, but I feel... comfortable.. for the first time in a couple years. I don't want to lose that feeling." She looked at me in anticipation, as if there was something she hoped I would say or do at this very moment. "You don't have to. I'd like you to stay with me. At least until you decide you don't want to anymore. However long that is." Even if it's forever. Did I really just think that? I did, and it didn't frighten me. In fact, for the first time in a couple years, I felt comfortable too. "That could be a while. I'm homeless, remember?" she said as she laughed. "But I just don't want you to freak out if I do something that's.. well... not your thing." "Annie, if you knew all the things I've tried, enjoyed, and still do, you might freak out. I won't if you won't." "It doesn't feel like that'll be a problem, really." She kissed her fingertips and slowly reached for my lips and pressed ever so gently. She followed my cheek and neck to my arm, dragging her fingertips ever so lightly with a touch that lit up every nerve in my body. Then Annie followed with the same touch and took my right hand and gently squeezed it. Without warning, she lifted my arm over the console and placed my hand between her legs, palm toward her jean covered mound. It was cool and damp, having dried out some. I felt her body shift and instantly felt the crotch of her jeans turn warm and my fingers became very wet. Again, I became as erect as was possible constrained inside my own jeans. She saw this, and reached her hand over to my swollen member, and slowly stroked the damp cloth. Hoping I knew what she wanted, I released what had built up in my bladder once again. The look of approval on her face told me all I needed to know. I replicated her touch on my jeans on her own wet jeans, stroking ever so lightly, on and around the whole of her upper leg. She responded in kind. She leaned over the console and put her lips to my ear and kissed. Under her breath, she confessed "I want you." I felt my whole body melt. I turned long enough to look her straight in the eyes and kiss her on her inviting lips before I returned my attention to the road. I couldn't wait to kiss her again.Please comment to jmarconi233@gmail.com or facebook.com/jeff.marconi.5 
By: Jeff Marconi