My First Wetting (Part 1)
This is the true story of my first sexual encounter with piss. It was when I was 18 during the summer break.I spent my morning reading a book and drinking as it was a fairly hot day and only went to the toilet once after I woke up. After I finished the book, I went to the mall as I was planning to see a movie with my friend Jade. I met her at the box office and we bought our tickets and cokes. It was one of those really long movies and we both wanted to watch it for some time but we hadn't come round to it so this was one of the last screenings of the movie. We entered the cinema and it was fairly empty, there were only 2 other people in there. We picked some seats at the back away from them and waited for the movie to start. That day I remember I was wearing a tank top, a short skirt and tight string bikini panties. I have always liked to wear tight panties and I'm not sure why– most likely because I just like the feeling of tight panties. Well anyway, at the time I was on my period and I was wearing one of those maxi overnight period pads as I hate changing them in public toilets. I prefer to wear the maxi pads as they usually last longer and make panties feel even tighter. It was about half an hour into the movie when I felt the pressure building up in my bladder. I wasn't exactly sure what I was going to do as the movie was really good and I didn't want to miss anything. So I sat there watching the movie and trying to ignore my bladder. Half an hour later my bladder was so full that I had to resort to bouncing up and down to keep the pee in and wouldn't make it to the toilet in time if I tried. Jade noticed me and asked what was wrong. I explained my predicament to her. "Just lift up your skirt, push your panties aside and pee onto the seat which will absorb all of it." Jade told me. "Are you sure about this?" "Yeah its fine. I was in the same situation not long ago and it worked for me." "I can't. I'm on my period and I'm using a pad" "Even better. Squirt a few drops into it every time the pressure is too much and you might make it to the end of the movie." So I did that. I sat there squirting pee into the pad and the pad did what it promised to do, to keep me dry at all times. So I was fine for another half an hour before I hit the next problem, the pad was getting full. Pee was pooling on the surface of the pad and started moving up my butt. The elastic walls at the edge of the pad were stopping the pee from leaking out. "What do I do now? My pad is full." I asked Jade "Just hold it in. you can probably make it to the end of the movie" "Ok" and I used all my mental strength to keep it in. soon after the pressure became unbearable and I let out another squirt but the pad still held. I lifted up my skirt to keep it from getting wet. The hot pee flowing around my pussy felt really well and I started to cum. I looked down and saw my panties were still dry and without stains. This made me even hotter– the fact that I could enjoy myself like this and no one would know. I was going to rub myself but it would have made the pad gave way. I was sitting there enjoying the hot pee when I had to let go another squirt. This time it was a lot longer and I really expected the pee to escape. That had relieved the pressure a lot and I was able to hold on for a bit longer and I made it to the end of the movie. When I got up to leave the theatre, my muscles gave way and started to release all that was in my bladder. Pee started flowing into the pad so I lifted up my skirt and sat back down so it wouldn't look so obvious what was happening to the other people leaving the theatre. When I hit the seat the pad compacted and pee burst from my panties and soaked the seat and my panties. I had not been able to stop my pee and I was still going. Once again the pee flowed around my pussy and I involuntarily bent forward to grind my clit against the seat but I stopped myself before Jade could see what I was going to do. After I regained control of my muscles, I started to feel embarrassed about what I had done. "It's ok," Jade comforted me. "C'mon lets go. You can get cleaned up at my place." "You sure?" "Yes. You probably can't see anything if you stand up. Your skirt will cover it all." "Ok." I stood up and look down. There was nothing I could see, so I was ok. When I got outside it seemed that everybody was staring at me and knew that I had wet myself. I was feeling very self–conscious as the pad felt extremely heavy because of the pee inside so I went to change my pad. "So how are you?" Jade asked me. "I'm fine," the pad had kept a lot of wet panty away from my skin, but parts that were touching my skin were cooling and feeling not so good. Especially when the wind blew up my skirt. We left the mall and walked to Jade's house. On the way to her place, Jade asked me: "Did you cum when you wet yourself?" I was surprised at the question but I admitted to it. "Why did you think I came when I wet myself?" I asked Jade "It's just that when it happened to me I came. I wondered whether it was only me who did that."
We had been friends since before I could remember and this was really new to me. Our relationship changed that day but that's for another story.
Krystal