Getting Even
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Little Pervert

Author's note: This event occurred during our senior year, in the last week of school and during our final exams.

When we started school our freshman year, we were all trying to make new friends and as the days went on everybody knew that Mike and Barb have been dating seen 6th grade. They were always together; the perfect couple. This was a catholic school so the girls had to wear uniforms - navy blue skirts and white blouse. Most wore them short, but the school had rules about how short to wear them - no more than six inches above the knee. Even so, most of the girls wore them six inches below there butt.

Most of the girls sat with there legs together or there legs crossed, and Barb did this about eighty percent of the time. The other twenty percent, however, was what all the guys did their best to witness. We would all try to get glimpes of the prettiest girl in school.

Everybody had a boyfriend or a girlfriend at sometime or another, but these relationships never lasted very long. Except for Barb and Mike. They just lasted the hell out of everyone. By our senior year, Barb had been a cheerleader for three years and Mike was the linebacker on the football team for four. They were voted prom king and queen and voted most likely to get married.

It all seemed rosy for them, until about three months before graduation. That was when Barb, for whatever insane reason, decided to cheat on Mike with guy from another school. She broke up with Mike, leaving him dumbstruck and devastated.

In the weeks that followed, Mike kept trying to get back with Barb, but she kept saying no, telling him it was over. Mike's next recourse was predictable I suppose - he finally got a hold of Barb's new guy and beat the shit out of him. This, not surprisingly, only made the situation with Barb worse. Now she hated Mike with a vengeance.

After that, Mike just walked around the school halls like a lost puppy. He obviously still loved Barb and he felt both hurt and embarrassed. Eventually, self-pity turned to resentment, and he announced to everyone that he was going to get even with Barb for dumping him. His justification for this was that if she had just broken up with him it wouldn't of been so bad, but the knowledge that she cheated on him was too much to bear.

The payback happened on the day of our final exams. Mike had made friends with a guy that worked in the cafeteria, and managed to persuade him that when Barb came in for her soft drink, the guy was to slip something into her drink. The guy asked what it was, and Mike told him it was a water pill, and that it was safe. I don't know if that was really true, but the guy agreed.

When Barb got her drink, Mike sat across the cafeteria watching her drink it. It was probably unwise of her to drink that much in any case since we were all about to set our final exam.

The exam room was huge, needed to accommodate the entire senior class which was over 250 people. Mike watched Barb walk around the room to take a seat next to her girlfriend Mandy, located almost in the middle of the huge classroom. Mike could not suppress a wicked smile at what he knew would soon happen to his cheating ex-lover.

Mike selected a seat not far behind Barb so that he was sure to get a good view of the ensuing events, whatever they turned out to be. He wanted to watch her suffer the kind of embarrassment he himself had been feeling for the past several months, and so far, everything was going according to plan.

The test was to last 3 hours and 45 minutes with no breaks. In the minutes before it started, Barb sat laughing with Mandy and having a good ole time of it. Several times, they looked round at Mike and giggled. Mike grinned back at them, pretty sure that he was going to have the last laugh today.

As the test got underway, two teachers walking around constantly to ensure that no one was cheating. Mike worked on his question paper, but cast frequent glances in Barb's direction to see if the pill had started to do its work yet. After forty five minutes, he could see no indication that Barb was in trouble, and he began to wonder if his friend in the cafeteria had actually put the water pill in Barb's drink after all.

Mike had started to silently curse the guy when Barb exhibited the first hint that things were not all right with her. She began fidgeting and squirming, but she carried on working on the test.

Five minutes later, still with 2 hours and 45 minutes to go, Barb began to rock backwards and forwards in her seat. Mike saw her glance up at the clock, and had to suppress the smile trying to form on his lips. He thought: "how do you like that bitch?"

Ten minutes later and Barb was really in trouble. From his vantage point behind and slightly to Barb's right side, Mike saw her slip her hand between her legs. She was rocking harder and looking around the room with a worried look on her face. When she turned far enough for Mike to see her profile, he could have sworn she was blushing with embarrassment. He wanted to laugh out loud, but managed to suppress the urge. This, he realized with renewed pleasure, was more than poor Barb would soon be able to do.

Barb held out for a few more minutes before raising her hand and waving for one of the teachers to come over to her. At first, neither of them seem to notice her frantic gestures, but at last, one of them looked in her direction and started heading toward her. Mike could see barb watching his progress with an anxious expression. Then, just as Mike was abut to look back down at his teat paper, he saw Barb's eyes widen and heard her suck in air between her teeth. The teacher arrived and asked in a low voice what was the matter. Mike strained his ears to catch Barb's reply. "Mr. Miller," she whispered urgently. "Can I please go to the bathroom?"

Miller shook his head. "I'm sorry Barbara. I simply cant let you go. You know the rules."

"Please, Mr. Miller, I have to go real bad."

"I'm very sorry. I can't allow it. "

Oh God! Please don't do this to me! I'm about to pee in my pants."

As if making her point, Barb resumed rocking and holding herself while she glanced around the room to see if her friends were watching and laughing. "Please, Mr. Miller, please. I can't hold it any longer."

"Sorry," Miller apologized one last time before moving on. Barb watched him go with a look of panic on her face. Her eyes darted to the clock again, and now she had tears running down her reddened cheeks.

With still 2 hours 10 minutes left, Mr. Miller took a long look at how she was sitting and knew she was bursting, so he decided to let her go.

"Okay Barb," he nodded to her, "but hurry up."

"Oh thank God," Barb gasped, and darted from her seat.

She crossed the room almost at a run; there was clearly not a second to loose. Barb lost a couple squirts here and there on the way, reaching the bathroom not a moment too soon. As she tried to lift her skirt and pull her pantyhose down, she started to lose control. She still didn't have her clothes out of the way before it turned into a full-blown torrent. She plopped her butt down on the seat and almost passed out with relief.

In the meantime, Mike was silently cursing the teacher for letting Barb go. His perfect plan of revenge had been ruined.

Barb stayed in the bathroom for some time trying to compose herself and tidy up her clothing. She couldn't think why she had needed to pee so badly and so much! She had sat on the toilet emptying her bladder for almost two minutes. Had Miller not finally relented and let her go, she would surely have pissed her pants in front of the whole senior class. The humiliation would have been unbearable.

When she finally re-entered the classroom, a sea of faces looked up to follow her progress. She walked back to her seat with her cheeks burning, and after regaining her seat, she whispered to her girlfriend that she had been about one minute away from pissing her pants. She glanced up at the clock to see that she still had an hour and forty minutes left; there was still time to do well on her test.

Mike watched Barb, and saw her look round at him. When their eyes met, he smiled, letting her know that he wished that she had pissed her pants in front of everyone. But maybe not all was lost. With more than an hour and a half still to go, Barb was not out of the woods yet.

Twenty minutes later, Mike observed with satisfaction that Barb's right leg was bouncing up and down at 100 miles an hour. Her bladder had to be filling up again. He kept an eye on Barb and saw her look up at the clock again: 1 hour and 20 minutes left. Was she wondering right now why she needed to pee again so soon? Mike was pretty sure Miller would not excuse her again. This time, she would have no choice but to sit there and hold it. Mike had to fight hard to suppress a vindictive snigger.

For the next five minutes, Barb kept her leg wiggling. Then, suddenly, she started rocking back and forth, looking around the room to see if anybody was watching her. Mike saw her plunge a hand between her legs.

"Great!" he thought with satisfaction. "Just friggin great."

Barb couldn't believe it. How could she possibly need to pee again so soon? It felt even worse this time, not just because her muscles were already tired, but there was no way Miller would let her go for a second time. If she asked, he would be convinced that she was cheating. She would simply have to hold it.

But as the minutes crawled by, she knew she couldn't hold it for another hour. No way. She had no choice: she would have to ask again. She raised her hand and waited for Miller to notice, her face turning red from the strain. Keeping her other hand between her legs, she slowly lowered her raised hand and put it on her desk with her elbow down. She moved the lowered hand to her face, shaking her head in disbelief, knowing what was about to happen.

She took a quick peek around the room and then looked straight ahead. Time had run out for her. Her poor, overloaded bladder couldn't take any more.

A loud hissing was heard for about 10 seconds before a cascade of pee began splattering noisily onto the floor. Mike sat watching Barb's humiliating accident with glee, seeing the lake forming on the wooden floor. Miller seemed not to have noticed what was going on, but the other students around Barb had all heard the hissing sound and were watching her piss herself where she sat.

Unable to take it any longer, Barb jumped up and ran for the door, her butt soaking wet. The room filled with laughter as the other students all realized what had happened. After barb had left the room and Miller went rushing off after her, Mike surveyed the result of his handiwork- the huge puddle of pee under her desk feeding two streams about six inches apart, one running slightly to the left to the desk, about three feet long where it narrowed to a halt, the other slithering away in front of the desk.

The sad part of the story occurred that night when Barb called Mike and asked if they could get back together. Mike, suddenly assailed by guilt, agreed, wondering how he could have done what he did to the woman he loved, and what would happen if she ever found out?

