It was the Advanced Algebra exam of the year and one of the most difficult tests of that year's syllabus. A three–hour period had been given to write the exam and I expected that most would have to struggle to finish in that time as well. On top of that, the school had decided to only give a single break halfway through the exam, which meant that there was going to be a lot of fidgeting come halftime. Add to that the fact that Cape Town was experiencing record rainfalls and you had a lot of nervous students, which boded well for the possibility of swollen bladders. The students started entering the classroom about five minutes before the exam and quickly took their seats. Marsha was one of the first to reach her seat in the front row and I noticed that she had a large diet coke that she was drinking (a quart sized bottle). There were roughly 30 students in the class and so began passing out the papers, while I read them the rules of the exam, which caused a few groans. At a quarter to nine, they started their exam and I took the opportunity to have a good look at Marsha. She was stunning in a little white cotton blouse with an embroidered white waistcoat and skin–tight blue cotton hipster–pants that sent shivers up my spine. I stared at her for several minutes, taking in her waist–length auburn hair and her model shaped body, on which there was not an ounce of fat at all. For a eighteen year–old young girl, she had a superb figure far more matured than her years and her creamy white skin was like pure virginal porcelain. I often found myself fantasising about her shapely body and that was why I forced myself back out of my imaginings. About 3/4 of an hour into the exam, I noticed that Marsha was growing noticeably pale and that she was shifting uncomfortably in her seat, which made me look for the coke bottle and, sure enough, it stood beside her chair empty. Immediately, I knew that the quart of coke was possibly starting to put pressure on her bladder and I doubted that the pitter–patter of the rain on the window was helping much either. At twenty to ten, she began to rock back and forth in the telltale way of all women when they feel their bladders starting to swell. As time wore on, she became more and more restless and erratic, as the pressure was more than likely starting to build up in her bladder. About five minutes later, she started sighing irregularly and wiggling her legs open and closed underneath the desk. At ten to ten, she started growing stiff in her movements, which practically screamed out loud that she was getting desperate, and a minute or two later, she crossed her legs against the underside of the desk, but I could clearly see that she was beginning to tense her thighs in an effort to stave off the inevitable. At this point, I was watching her intently, as I realised that there was a very good, if not certain, possibility that she might just wet her pants. Even though she was huddled over her exam paper, I could see that her face was contorting in a grimace each time the pressure grew and for a minute, I thought that she might burst right there. But at five to ten, she slipped out of her chair and made her way over to my desk with a flushed look on her face and then I knew exactly what she was going to ask and why. "Please, can I go to the restroom? It is really urgent...", Marsha asked in a barely audible whisper. "I am sorry, but you will have to wait, until the halfway break.", I replied sympathetically, but firmly. Her face went deathly pale, " When will that be?", as she looked at the clock on the wall behind me. "At a quarter to eleven.", I lied, as the real break was set at 10:15. I watched the mental arithmetic go through her head and then her eyes went wide in disbelief, as she protested, "But that is almost an hour away....". "I am sorry, but that is what the principal stated.", I answered firmly. I saw her shoulders sag with defeat, but she gave it one more try, "Can't you make an exception this once? I promise, it won't happen again...". "I'm sorry, but you're just going to have to wait. Those are the rules and you know it.", I returned calmly. Suddenly, I saw a small dollar sized wet spot blossom through the material in her crotch and she instantly rammed her fist into her groin and crossed her legs in that famous trembling stance. The light, but stale odour of her piss drifted over to me and I honestly thought that she was going to pop her rivets right there in front of me, but she managed to stop anymore coming out. As she begged in a panic–stricken breathless voice, "Please, I am really bursting at the seams... I'm going to pop if I don't go now!". I could really see that she wasn't lying at all and that the dam was really about to burst under the strain, but I frankly didn't want to let her go and the rules were behind me. Besides, I was really enjoying watching her squirm infront of me and so I said, "There is no way that I can let you go now, so you're just going to have to pinch it off, and, to be honest, you should have gone before the exam.". She nodded quietly, with a dark blush, realising that the others could probably hear half of what was being said, and quickly dashed back to her seat. She quickly crossed her legs and locked them together, as she wedged her left hand between her thighs. Over the next couple of minutes, she broke out into a cold sweat and I could see that she was pushing with all her might on her groin, as small little whimpers escaped from her almost every second and then suddenly, she stiffened closing her eyes tightly. I heard a couple of tiny spurts from where I was sitting and I saw the crotch of her pants go dark blue, as moisture seeped up from between her legs. She was completely unaware of my attention, as she was trying to stifle the rhythmic gasps caused by her throbbing bladder. After a minute, she relaxed and then took a look down at her crotch. Instantly, she blushed and looked around her to see if any of the other students had noticed anything. Then she turned forward, looked up straight into my face, and realised that I had seen everything. She blushed so hotly that I saw her ears glow redly and tried to hide the obvious evidence of her near disaster, but then she just smiled coyly and went back to her test. By that time it was ten o'clock and I could see that there was a lot more fidgeting going on in the classroom. If I was luck, I might even see a full–blown "accident" occur and I could see a few agonised winces everytime the rain started drumming against the glass outside. At a 1/4 past ten, Marsha started fidgeting again and I took that opportunity to take a walk around the room. There was a fair amount of wiggling and rocking going on, especially amongst the girls, who just about went into fits everytime a torrent of rain struck the glass and poured noisily on to the cement outside. I felt my dick suddenly swell, as I noticed that Miranda, in the back row was groping herself and locked in a titanic struggle to restrain her bloated bladder. I have always known that Miranda was a nymphomaniac, but she was overweight, which tended to make her the "Ugly Duckling" of the school. She was obviously in the throes of an impending orgasm, but I couldn't see if she was wetting herself, because she had on a loose black oversized dress. That was when I realised that she was clenching her thighs and I quickly moved against the back wall, as I realised that she had to piss. A second later, she orgasmed and leant forward, locking her legs together, as piss flooded her chair. At that moment, I came as I watched the back of her dress become very shiny, as was drenched by a tidal wave of piss. When she finally was able to stop peeing, she sank back slowly on to her seat and burst into tears, as her dress squelched underneath her. The whole time, some of the boys around her were laughing and taunting her. I checked to see if the come in my pants was beginning to soak through, but I was lucky and quickly made my way back to my desk. I then had to take the names of several girls, who wanted to go to the toilet and it was Marsha, who was almost the first in the line at my desk. She was dancing around impatiently and I could see that she had tied her jersey around her waist, which hid the drying wet spot in her crotch. However, Tammy was infront of her and I stalled making the wait longer, as the time was twenty past ten. I could see that a number of the girls standing at my desk were bobbing up and down nervously, as they waited their turn. "I need to go to the toilet, please...", Tammy asked nervously. "I will put your name down and then you will be the first to go.", I replied, as Marsha began twisting her legs together and I heard the girl two places behind her let out a muffled fart. "Oh, Please... I'm going to wet myself if I have to wait any longer!", Tammy begged, "I thought that the break would be at ten fifteen, not ten forty–five.", as she pressed the palms of her hands into her groin. "I am sorry, but you will have to weight your turn.", I said sternly. "Please, can't I go now? What's the difference between now and ten forty–five?", she moaned abjectly, panic beginning to show, as she started doing the 'pee–pee' dance (bobbing and raising one leg up across the other like a flamingo). "There are plenty of other girls waiting, you don't see them making a scene and there are even some like Marsha, who have been waiting longer than you.", I admonished her harshly. "But, but. But I really have to pee very bad. I'm bursting!", Tammy whined, as her face went ash–white and a thin trickle of piss ran down the inside of her stockinged leg, causing a wet spot to spread out on her thin cotton skirt around her palms. "Oh, please! I can't hold it in anymore!", she whined in a complete panic, as she locked her knees together, "Oh, no. Oh, no. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Oooh....". I could see that her dress had gone transparent in the front and she dropped down on to her haunches, as another short spurt of piss flowed down her leg, dripping on to the floor next to my desk. "Come on, get out of the way.", Marsha gasped, doing her own version of the "pee–pee" dance, "I can't stand around forever, damn it!". Tammy realised that the girls behind her were getting angry and then took a chance to make a run for the toilet, leaving a trail of piss behind her. The back of her skirt was growing wetter by the second and I could clearly see her buttocks through the flimsy material, as the whole class probably could also. The image of her 16 year–old butt moving underneath the now see–through cotton burned into my mind, so that even now I can still see them as I write this, and it turns me on everytime I remember what happened. Tammy only got as far as the door before her dam burst, piss racing down her legs and cascading down from her butt, as she hovered in a half crouch. She froze, shaking with an orgasm, in the doorway and continued peeing for at least a half a minute before she burst into tears and ran from the room. And then it was Marsha's turn. "How are you doing?", I asked tentatively, "Sorry about that.". "I still have to go really bad...", she whimpered, "I have never had to pee this bad before.". "You will have to try and hold it in.", I replied, as I heard the girl two places behind Marsha, Kelly, let out a rather wet fart followed by her stomach rumbling. Marsha looked absolutely mortified, as she gazed longingly at the clock, "It's half past ten now, isn't that close enough? Please... If I don't make it, I'll never live it down.". "P–p–please can't you g–g–g–get out of the w–w–way!", Kelly groaned in agony, as her stomach rumbling convulsively. "Okay... Take it easy girls! Marsha you're now first in the queue. Then it is Samantha and Kelly. Then Jackie, Anna, Kirsten, Jeanette, Marielle and Cathy.", I announced calmly and they started to head back to their seats, as they were only going to get in the way of my view of Marsha anyway. And just before she headed for her seat, I saw a trickle of piss slowly run down the inside of her left leg, which made my dick swell alarmingly, as she wobbled stiffly and quickly to her desk in that pigeon–toed, knock–kneed gait that I have come to cherish so much. Over the next few minutes, she reached the end of her rope and a look of terror came over her face, which reminded me of a rabbit staring up the barrel of a hunter's gun. Immediately, she went into a flat panic and started squirming in her chair and rubbing her groin, as she tried to control her bladder. The muscles of her thighs were working like a trash compactor and I felt my dick start throbbing painfully, as I realised that she was masturbating out of sheer desperation. It was then that she looked up straight into my face and kept on going, as if she couldn't care. I saw her ample tits start rising and falling, as her hand picked up speed against her clitoris. Suddenly, I saw a wet stain spread out from her crotch in all directions and disappear down between her legs, while at the same time spreading towards her knees. A second later, she locked her knees together, as her hand began massaging her crotch with vigour and I watched her race straight into a full–blown orgasm, as piss pumped out of her. No matter how hard she tried she to stop the flow, but she didn't make anything more than a heavy sigh, as I came surging into my jocks like a raging bull and, after awhile, when I was sure that nothing would show in my groin, I took a walk around the classroom. It was a slow walk, ostensibly to check for cheating, though most of the girls were too worried about their aching bladders to bother trying to cheat and even some of the boys were getting desperate (I made a list for the boys too, but I can not recall exactly when). I took the longest time going past Marsha, as I was trying to get the best look at her that I could and from what I could see, she had completely lost it in a major way. The whole back of her pants was soaked and still shining wetly, from just below her belt right down to her calves and the front of her pants was submerged under a growing pool of piss trapped in her lap by her tightly clenched legs. She must have continued peeing slowly for more than a minute after bursting and I saw her raise her knees slightly, as the pee started to drip slowly on to the floor under her chair, creating a chorus a laughter from the boys. The pool of piss then started to drain down under her butt and I couldn't believe, but it actually started collecting around her on the seat until there was no more room. It then formed a steady trickle that grew into a stream, as the puddle under her chair grew and eventually, she stared crying as she realised the full calamity of her situation. There was no way that she could deny that she had wet herself, because the evidence was all over the chair and floor around her, but then most of the other girls were also starting to loose control as well or were in the same boat. At a quarter to eleven, I let Samantha go and she sped out of the room with a small wet stain on the seat and crotch of her jeans. At this point, the long wait came into being, as those in the queue had to wait for her to get through the toilet queue, do her thing and then get back. After a couple of minutes, Samantha returned with her jeans completely soaking wet, leaving a trail of piss drops behind her, and so I told Kelly to go. She ran out of the room at full speed, clutching her stomach, as an obvious bulge in the seat of her pants wobbled from side to side and grew visibly. Five minutes later, Kelly still hadn't returned and I could see both Jackie and Kirsten starting to wet themselves, as the race to wait out Kelly started. At five to eleven, both Marielle and Jackie flooded their pants, gasping and Marielle finished off by blowing a load into her shorts. At eleven, exactly, Kelly returned sobbing with no bulge, but still with a large stain on the seat of her pants and complained that there was a long queue at the toilets. But Kirsten was already racing out the door with a wet stain running down her legs and a pool in her seat. It quickly became obvious that Kirsten wasn't going to come back, because a janitor reported that she had tripped and fallen. I then let the other girls go one by one and there were no more "accidents", as they all returned safe and dry, more or less. The exam ended at twelve and those that could left quickly, but there were a few, who waited until only the unfortunates were left and then they, for the most part tied their jackets around their waist and beat a hasty retreat. I still had to call the school nurse for Miranda, Kelly, and Marielle, but Marsha made no sign of leaving. So I went over and said, "You can go now.". "No, I can't.", she sobbed uncontrollably, "I don't have any change of clothes or even a jacket to wrap around me.". She really had a problem and it was so obvious that she had peed her pants that no one would be fooled, so either her parents would have to be called or someone else would have to give her a lift home. It was my last exam for the day, so I asked, "Why don't you let me give you a lift home?". Her face lit up like a lamp, as she stood up, "Could you please... I really don't want to let my Mom find out, as she will give me a really long lecture and then my Father too.". "Sure. It will be our little secret.", I replied conspiratorially, "No one need know anything.". She blushed dark red and then said, "The only problem is that I need to have to go to the toilet again before we go. All that coke keeps filling my bladder". "Just let it go.", I replied, "Wet your pants again or take a piss on the floor. No one will know the difference.". "Ooh, I don't know...", she said with a naughty look in her eyes, holding her abdomen, "It feels so naughty to do it deliberately, but then I don't want to walk all the way to the toilets and I really have to go again before we leave or I will wet your car seat.". I didn't let her know how much the thought turned me on, but I didn't turn away. She waited to see if I would walk away and so held it in, but something said that there was more. So I waited and then she blushed again, unable to reveal her true dilemma and grunted, "Please don't watch, as I have to take a dump too.". I remained where I was and replied casually, "It's okay. I saw you pee your pants... This happened to my girlfriend once too.". "I am too embarrassed...", she said blushing furiously, but her stomach gurgled and then nature took over, as she started peeing involuntarily and then a rather wet fart escaped from her butt, "Oh, fuck! I am actually going to poop my pants!". She then started grunting, as piss flowed freely down her legs and then the first ripping squelches erupted from her followed by heavy thumps on the seat. I watched, mesmerised, as she began to grunt harder, as she went with the moment and started pushing it. Now the poop burst into her pants with force and shot up the crack of her butt, until her panties were full to the point of overflowing. I thought that she was finished, but then she opened her mouth in surprise and let out a long grunt, suddenly trying to stop her stomach from moving, as a massive wave exploded into her pants. She blushed furiously at having lost control infront of me and looked mortified with embarrassment. "Phew!", she sighed relieved with tears in her eyes again, "You won't believe how long I have been waiting to take that dump for over an hour now.". Suddenly, a question arose in my mind, "Why did you, Kelly, Marielle and Miranda get upset stomachs?". Marsha thought for a moment and then replied with a start, "I think that boy, Robert, gave us laxatives, because I remember that he gave pieces of chocolate to the other girls too." "I will report it to the principal tomorrow, but now, I think we better get you home." I then wrapped my jacket around her and lead her to my friend's car, putting a plastic bag down for her to sit on.
John Sniper