Our Wet Party (Sequel to "Wet Fun With Danielle")
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

This was a few nights after my old girlfriend Danielle had her accident in the drug store. Well, here's the story. Danielle went clubbing one night with three of her hot friends. Their names were Stacy, Lori and Elaine. Stacy was a cutie with dark, curly hair. Lori was like a combination of Cindy Crawford and Britney Spears(put them together and see what I mean). Elaine was a total hottie with a perfect build. Getting back to the story, they went to a club and did theifr typical female bonding. I was working till midnight and didn't show up to see Danielle till after, giving her time for her friends.

From reliable sources, however, Danielle decided that her pee accident felt so good she wanted to do it again. Only she didn't want to go in front of her friends and strangers. She had a few drinks at the club and felt some pressure on her bladder. Plus, the line at the bathroom was pretty long, typically. A little after midnight, her friends went up to the dance floor to make themselves available, Danielle decided to sit it out.

She went to order another drink and asked the bartender for a towel. He honored her request no questions asked. I arrived at the club around 12:30 and when I saw her sitting alone while her friends were dancing and flirting with other guys, I thought she was demonstrating her loyalty to me. When I saw the towel underneath her, however, I pretty much got the message but was surprised it was still dry. She told me she had been holding it all night and didn't want to be embarrassed, I gave her encouragement. After all, she was sitting down andIdefinitely wouldn't care and nobody else would see her. After a minute of pondering, she let go in her jeans and her towel was soaked and produced an incredible wet patch on her jeans. I gave her a big, wet kiss that matched her pants. When the club closed at 1 a.m., she just put on her coat and zippered it up so nobody would notice.

The other girls decided to go to Lori's house after to hang out had invited us, danielle cringed for a minute, claiming she was tired but I talked her into it, saying I had a plan. She took her coat off and placed it on the passenger seat of my car to avoid getting the seat wet. I told her about my plan on the way over to Lori's. When we got there, she took her coat off to hang it up and the girls all saw her wet patch, Lori started sniggering while Elaine looked a little disgusted, and there was like 'what the hell did you do to yourself going around.'

Danielle told them about the incident in the drug store and how good it felt and how turned on I was, then she dared them to wet themselves as well. She said if they didn't, they'd be describes as a bunch of chickens. After a moment's pause, Lori and Stacy looked at each other like: 'Hmm, why not, it won't kill us.' Elaine needed a little arm twisting but finally agreed. Lori then took out a 6-pack of beer and some bottles of wine and vodka. The girls all helped themselves to a few glasses of screwdrivers, wine and cape codders.

Stacy was halfway through her second glass of wine when she came up to me while I was drinking a can of beer and whispered 'i have too pee right now'. I answered her with 'well, you know what you need to do honey'. A few minutes later, she seriously soaked her jeans. Lori had downed two glasses of vodka and just poured herself some wine, she took a big sip and announced 'here it comes', she stood there and wet her jeans a beauty. Now we had three wet hotties. Danielle went up to Lori and felt her wet crotch while Lori did the same to her still wet crotch. At this point, Elaine was the only dry one. When Danielle remind her that it was her turn, she said, rather sheepishly, 'I don't have to go'.

Lori said 'I'll remedy that right now'. She took a can of beer, opened it and handed it to elaine with 'drink up now'.

Elaine took a few sips and we were like 'come on, you can do better than that'.

Elaine took a big swallow while Danielle helped her to a second can 'beer flows better than anything,' she claimed as she pushed it on her.

Elaine finished the first can and opened the second, when she was half finished, we asked her how she felt, she said, 'I feel a small urge now'.

Danielle answered, 'well, hurry up, we can't have any dry females here'. elaine finally decided to let go and after finishing her second can and putting it down, she at long last gave us her show, her light blue jeans glistened into a huge wet patch on her crotch and her legs were darkened blue like magic.

When she was done, she said, 'There, are you all satisfied?'

We answered, 'definitely, we're all so proud of you'.

Danielle and I both gave her a big hug and she finally lightened and started to enjoy it.

Danielle got up and asked her friends 'how would you like to see me do it again?'

Lori answered 'yeah, it's only fair considering we missed it the first time.'

'Oh yeah, that's true', she recalled. They missed her show at the club.

Danielle finished the glass of wine she was drinking, put it down and asked, 'Are you ready?'

When we all said yes, she let it out once more, this one was even better than at the club, while her friends shouted their approval, I grabbed her crotch and it was totally drenched like a river. I don't think I've ever seen anything more sexy than that.

After our wet escapade, the girls Lori, Stacy and Elaine pulled their damp jeans and panties off while I pulled Danielle's off for her. Lori brought them into the bathroom to hang up and dry while she let them borrow some of her nightgowns and we stayed the night.

The next day, the girls' pants were dry to partly dry but they all decided they should get together for another wet adventure very soon.

