Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation and Wetting, Foreplay, Exhibitionism, and Sex.
The characters in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to actual people is purely coincidental.
Alan lived opposite a park with a clear view of the bus stop that was outside the entrance. He often used to sit and watch people coming and going through the park, and people waiting for the bus. 
Late one evening he was looking out of his window and he saw a couple of young ladies coming out of the park. They looked to be in their late teens or early twenties, and Alan thought they looked quite attractive. One was brown skinned with black hair, and the other was white skinned with ginger hair. Both were wearing dark short skirts and light blouses. They walked into the bus shelter and sat down on the seat there, which Alan thought strange, because the next bus was not due for another hour. They seemed to be in good spirits and they were chatting and laughing. Alan couldn't help noticing that they were both tapping their feet, and wriggling their bums a bit, and this caused him to continue watching them. He wasn't sure if they had spotted him because a couple of times one or the other of the girls looked straight at his window, but they didn't make any other reaction to his being there. They continued to chat and laugh and giggle for some time, then the dark skinned girl bent forward and straightened up a few times with her hand on her stomach, and the ginger haired girl laughed. 
Alan was beginning to get aroused by these antics, and a few minutes later the dark skinned girl stood up, did a little peepee dance and sat down again, this time with one hand in her crotch. Alan's arousal was increasing by the minute, now. Next it was the ginger haired girl's turn to add to his arousal, because she too pushed her hand into her crotch and began to rock backwards and forwards. Alan's member was by now so swollen with arousal that he had to release it from his jeans and as he undid the waist and pulled down the zip it immediately sprang up to attention like a soldier on parade. 
The two girls were now obviously coming close to wetting themselves, and Alan was watching intensely. First one, then the other would jump up and dance around a bit with their hands clearly pushing into their pussy. The two girls sat down again and the dark skinned girl leaned towards the ginger haired one and said something. The ginger haired girl nodded her head and both girls opened their legs wide, giving Alan a clear view of their pale coloured panties. Both girls then looked straight at Alan's window, and he realised the girls definitely knew he was watching them. He could not drag himself away, however, because a dark patch was appearing on both pairs of panties, and soon two streams of pee flowed onto the floor of the bus stop, merged into one and ran down the pavement. They must have been holding their pee for quite some while because it seemed an age before the flow subsided. Finally the two girls stood up, waved and blew kisses at Alan and walked off down the street. Alan left the window then, to give the necessary attention to his swollen throbbing member.
The next afternoon Alan was sitting in the park when the two young ladies who were in the bus stop the previous evening entered and walked towards him. As they approached him he felt a little embarrassed. The two girls said, "Hi, did you enjoy last night?" Alan felt embarrassed and apologised but the young ladies said that they were not at all upset by him watching them. Alan introduced himself to them, and the two young ladies did likewise. The ginger haired girl was called Gillian, and the dark skinned one was called Farah.
Alan said that he had enjoyed what he saw last night, but had felt embarrassed that he was discovered watching them. Farah replied that there was no need for him to feel embarrassed and that they were glad he had enjoyed what they had done. Gillian asked him if he would like them to do something like that again for him. This really surprised Alan. Of course this could be the fulfilment of his wildest dreams, so he said yes he would, but asked if they would like to join him at his house, where it would be a little safer than in the bus stop. Farah and Gillian agreed and so the three of them walked through the park, across the road and into Alan's house.
When the three of them arrived at Alan's house, he showed them into his front lounge and got drinks for them. Large drinks, of course. He then turned to Gillian and Farah and asked them how they had come to start wetting themselves. 
Farah kicked off first with her story. "My father was very strict. Even as a young girl, once I was out of diapers he used to beat me if I wet myself, so I soon learnt how to hold my wee and because of this I developed a strong bladder and good bladder control. As I started developing into a woman I found that I liked the feeling as my bladder was getting near full, so I began holding my wee longer so that I could enjoy the feeling. Sometimes I would go into the bathroom, strip off, and stand there in the shower, holding it until I was bursting and the piss just gushed out of me. That felt really good. That's how I started having fun with weeing"
"Did you have any accidents?" asked Alan
"Occasionally but I would have to be careful that my father wasn't able to spot me, or I would get beaten again. He was a very strict man," explained Farah. "On one occasion I was in the cinema and the film was so good. You know, one of those that you get so engrossed in that you forget everything else. I was engrossed like that when I suddenly realised I was absolutely bursting. I started to try to get up to go to the ladies room, but I realised I wouldn't make it in time, so I sat back down on the seat and lifted my skirt from under me, so it wouldn't get wet, and let some out onto the seat. Wow, it was hot and wet and it felt so great. I just did enough to take the urgency off and sat there and watched the rest of the film. When the film was over, I wasn't absolutely bursting, so I made my way home. When I got in I rushed straight into the bathroom, locked the door, kicked off my shoes, stood in the shower and let the floodwaters flow. It felt heavenly and I must have peed gallons. As I came out of the bathroom, my father was waiting and he demanded that I show him my knickers. He called me a dirty cow and a filthy bitch and then he whacked me hard across my wet buttocks three times. I went into my bedroom and cried, but it didn't stop me having more fun holding me pee and that." 
"What about you, Gillian?" asked Alan
"It must have been awful having a father who was so nasty," said Gillian. "I grew up pretty normal except for one thing. I was very late getting the hang of controlling my bladder. I was about 8 before I could keep my knickers dry, and even then I had the occasional little accident, so you could say I have always pissed my panties."
"When did you start doing it on purpose because you liked it?" asked Alan
"I can't remember how old I was. I was out with a girl friend of mine and we were in the park. She said she needed a pee badly, so we got up to go to the toilet. When we got there, there was nobody else in there, so she kept the door open and we carried on chatting. She took down her jeans but kept her knickers on; half squatted over the toilet but didn't sit on it, and just peed through her knickers. My chin must have nearly reached the floor and I asked her why she had done that. She told me that it felt good and that I should try it. When she finished she pulled up her jeans and we swapped places. I did the same thing and I found that I did like the feeling of hot pee pooling in my knickers and then gushing out. She told me it felt even better when you held on until the very last minute, so a couple of days later we tried that together, seeing who could hold on the longest. After that I often used to hold on till the last moment, and sometimes too long. I enjoyed it, and I still do. It makes me feel good."
"I see," said Alan, "and when did the two of you start doing it together, like you did last night?"
"We met at a pop concert," began Farah. "We were next to each other and we started chatting. We had really good places, near the front, and we didn't want to lose them. The concert was a long one and we had had plenty to drink during the day. It had been six or seven hours since I had been to the toilet and I was beginning to feel desperate. I began to tap my feet and sway my knees, keeping to the rhythm of the music as much as I could, but it must have become obvious, because Gillian then asked me if I needed a piss. I nodded my head and said that I didn't want to go because I'd lose the place and it was such a good one. Gillian then leaned over to me and said, well just do it here then, I just did. I was so surprised. Here was this young lady that I hardly knew from Adam, or should I say from Eve, confessing to me that she'd just pissed her pants and telling me to do the same. Seeing the surprised look on my face she grabbed my hand and put it on her crotch. Her panties were hot and soaking. I smiled at her, nodded, and started to let go, and it felt so good. Gillian put her hand down and held it in my stream for a bit. When I had finished she gave my crotch a gentle pat and said 'see, didn't that feel good? I bet you feel much better now,' and I had to agree with her. That was really how we got started together."
Alan had noticed that the two of them were showing signs of having nearly full bladders, for both girls were beginning to get fidgety. "So how did things progress with you two, then?" he asked.
"After the concert we found we lived close to each other, " explained Gillian, "and on the way home Farah asked me about my peeing my pants. I told her it's something I do sometimes 'cos I like the feeling when I hold it and sometimes I wait too long. She said she is the same and she likes to hold it, and adores the feeling of hot pee on her when she lets go. We started meeting up to go shopping, out to the pub, discos, that sort of thing and of course to have more holding and peeing sessions at the same time."
Farah carried on their story from here: "I told Gillian about my strict father and how he'd beat me if I came home with wet panties. Gillian thought that was awful. She lived in a flat on her own and suggested I move in with her. I thought of all the fun we could have together, without fear of my father as well, so I agreed and a few days later I left home and moved in. Gillian explained to me that there had to be a few house rules. The furniture in the flat was the landlord's property so there must be no 'accidents' on the furniture, or on the carpets for the same reason. The beds were also the landlord's, however, they had waterproof mattress covers on so little accidents in bed were allowed. We had loads of fun together. We held holding it competitions, see who could pee the most contests, see who could squirt it the furthest contests, which we did from one end of the bath, we used to catch each other's pee in our hands and splash each other with it, and have all sorts of fun."
"Wow, that must have been great, " said Alan.
"Yes, it was, " responded Gillian, taking up the tale. "We were having a terrific time, but we felt we wanted to do something a bit more daring. Something more exciting, so we held our hold it games out in public a bit more. You know, we'd go in the park and see how long we could wait, and around town and out shopping, too. We would sometimes go in behind some bushes or down someone's back alley for a pee, and that sort of thing. Then one day we came out of the park opposite here and came up with the idea of doing it in the bus stop. We didn't do it straight away because there were people in the bus shelter waiting for a bus. We looked at the timetable and planned to go there when there were no busses due. We went back a couple of nights later, and the rest you know."
"Thanks for telling me about that," said Alan, "That was brilliant, and I'm afraid it's got me quite worked up." 
"So I see," said the two girls together, eyeing the bulge in his trousers. 
"We'll help you with that in a minute," said Farah, "but first we want to hear about you. Do you ever have fun with your pee?"
"Well, erm, n–n–not very m–m–much," stammered Alan, feeling a bit embarrassed. I sometimes wait as long as I can before I go, and you're right, it does feel good when your bladder's getting full. I have sometimes had accidents, like when I have waited a bit too long, or when I'm watching something interesting on TV and don't want to get up. I also keep a waterproof sheet on the bed for when I play hold it at night, but I have only ever done it on my own– never with anyone else."
"Well, we can certainly put that right, " Gillian responded. "When did you last go for a piss, Alan?"
"About nine o'clock this morning," Alan replied.
"Good, you must be getting full by now, and so are we," said Farah. "Any chance of some more drinks, to help fill us up?"
"Sure, and yes I am. I'll go get some," and Alan went and poured the three of them more drinks. "What are we going to do then? I am afraid I don't have much idea but I will go along with anything you want to do."
Gillian and Farah thought for a moment. Farah spoke first, "OK. First we'll play a simple holding it game. Alan, would you like to spread some towels around ready for the accidents, and bring in a bowl please?"
Alan went to get the towels and spread them around, and placed a large plastic bowl on the towels.
"Here's what we do," Farah continued. "We all strip down to our undies, and then we hold it till we're absolutely bursting to go. You can hold yourself; do peepee dances, anything you want. When you can't possibly hold it any longer, you have to just do it in the bowl in front of the others, so we can see. You can do it in your undies, or you can take them off, whichever you want. OK?" Everyone nodded their agreement, so they stripped down to their undies and Alan put on a video for them to watch while they were waiting. 
Farah and Gillian had their hands in their crotches and Alan was a bit fidgety. After about half an hour Farah stood up to do a peepee dance, saying that she couldn't hold on much longer, but managed to sit down again. Alan's member was clearly swollen inside his boxers and the two girls were eyeing it lustfully. Suddenly Gillian jumped up, started dancing and furiously rubbing her crotch. "Ooooh, I'm nearly doing it," she cried out. "Noooo, I don't want to be the first," and she danced and pushed her fingers up, pressing them firmly onto her little pee hole. After a little while the spasm subsided and she relaxed again.
Next it was Farah's turn again as she had another spasm and she jumped and danced and walked around, all the time rubbing at her pussy, and resisting the urge to pee.
Then Alan jumped up, his member erect and firm. He gripped his fat cock through his boxers and wanked it furiously for several seconds. Having fought off the intense urge to let go, relaxed for a few moments, but then grabbed the bowl. "Sorry ladies," he panted, "I can't hold it any longer," and his boxers started to develop a dark stain, which originated at the head of the large bulge that his circumcised cock was making. Positioning the bowl he caught the stream of golden liquid as it streamed out of his boxers. The girls were watching him intensely as they fought to suppress their own urges. After a short while, Alan stemmed his flow, pulled down his boxers and stepped out of them. He positioned the bowl on the floor and began to release the remainder of his flow. This was too much for Farah who shot up and squatted over the bowl just as her golden stream poured through her pink panties. Gillian, seeing this had the same problem and she also jumped up, pulled down her white panties and stepped out of them, positioned herself at right angles and to the side of Farah, half squatted, leaned back, and directed her golden stream expertly from her ginger haired pussy straight into the bowl. Suddenly there were three golden streams going into the bowl. 
"Don't cross the streams," laughed Alan.
All too soon their bladders were emptied, but the urges of the three were still very strong. Farah bent towards Alan and put her brown lips around Alan's still very erect penis, and started giving him a blowjob. Gently she went, not wanting to make him climax too soon. Gilian joined her and the two of them would take one slow stroke of his big fat cock in their mouths in turn. Alan called for a change of positions so they went into the bedroom and resumed on the bed, Alan on the bottom, and the two girls on top but the opposite way round. Gillian then Farah taking in their mouths one stroke each of Alan's cock, and Alan's tongue licking each pussy in turn. The three of them enjoyed their oral sex for an age, and then Farah cried out and started to orgasm. Alan devoted all his attention to her as she climaxed. When her climax was over she rolled off Alan, allowing him to give Gillian his attention. They licked and sucked each other and shortly afterwards both orgasmed noisily. When they had recuperated they chatted over drinks, and began discussing what their next wet adventure would be.
By: Gopher