Peeing in a Business Suit

By Michelle

(Here's a true experience - peeing in a business suit.)

True experience originally posted to Watersports Forum

Actually, it's all Lloyd's fault!

He suggested that peeing in a uniform was especially sexy and a business suit counts as a uniform. OK, so its Friday , May 24th. I don't get to wear a business suit often, but today there's a meeting with the great and good, and the Prof. wants me along for moral(?) support, also, I suspect, to show a bit of leg to the same great and good so they don't ask too much about our budget.

My business suit does show a fair bit of leg. It's pale green, neat jacket, skirt mid-thigh (long by my standards) but very tight. Also I wear a neat white blouse, sheer black hold-ups and green, high heeled shoes. For the benefit of the curious (or randy) a black lace bra shows through my modest blouse, but only in certain lights, and the kinda interesting panty line on my tight butt is caused by a pair of matching tanga panties. It's called power dressing. I'm a neat, efficient young woman, no bimbo, but I know I'm being looked at.

It's a sunny day, warm in the meeting, and I drink a lot of water. Over at last. I decide not to visit the john, but go instead to a mall some distance away from where I usually shop, and where I ain't at all sure if there's a washroom. In all the best traditions, I'm not doing anything 'deliberately', but I sure as hell am putting myself in a position where I'm likely to have an 'accident'. Almost lose my nerve. Most of my wetting's been done in private, on a man's knee or in bed during sex. I've arranged accidents in crowds at outside pop concerts once or twice, usually in jeans or a little mini. But in a mall, in the middle of Friday evening shoppers, in a business suit? I look for the washroom. Can't find it. I'm pushing my thighs together, sticking my hand between them. Find I'm sexually aroused an desperate to pee. Can't, not here. Run to uncovered part of mall. Stand on grass beside flower bed. Feel the first dribble.

OK, Michelle, your gonna do it so do it right. Nice loud voice, 'oh my God, I can't hold it! I'm wetting myself! I can't believe I'm doing this!' Wiggle for audience. Part legs. Can't, skirt too long, don't have time to work it round my waist, too tight. Push hand into crotch. Crouch down just slightly, legs tight together. First spurt. It runs down the back of my skirt and out, skirt acting like a funnel. I know my bum's wet, and there's a damp spot at the front where I'm pushing with my hand.

Female voice, 'look at that woman, good Lord, she's wetting herself!' Climax! Pee pours out, mostly on the ground, but my skirt and stockings are saturated, and some of it wicks up on to my blouse. Empty bladder. Trembling with excitement, from the intensity of my orgasm, and from a cold May breeze.

Right, sweetie, you've had your fun, how exactly are you getting home? You're sodden with pee, are you gonna sit in your automobile like that?

'Excuse me.' The guy ain't brash, or grinning, seems more embarrassed than I am. 'Can I lend you my coat?' he asks. Chivalry ain't dead. I accept gratefully.

'How're you getting home?' he asks.

'Don' know,' I decide a ladylike tear wouldn't go amiss. 'Got my auto, but can't drive like this. God, I can't believe I just peed myself!'

'Terrible things bladder infections. Had one myself recently. I'll drive you home in your car, then come back here for mine. I'm Gavin, by the way.'

'Thanks, that's sweet. I'm Michelle. Sorry about this. Usually I can control it during the day, though I have to take precautions at night.' Was that a little twitch in his genital area I saw? Interesting....

So he drives me home, plastic bag on his seat. I expect him to come in, claim his 'reward'. Seems nice. May just give it to him. No, he stops at the door.

'You'll want to be alone to clean up, Michelle. I'll take my coat, though. Don't worry, it'll clean. Dinner tonite? Pick you up at eight.'

A true gentleman, don't get many of them in a packet of cereal! I strip out of my wet things and get into a bath. Lookin' forward to my date.

Dinner date. I got a real sexy gown, satin finish, blue to match my eyes, too much cleavage to wear a bra with, and real, real short. So short I gotta wear panties of the same color and material, and sheer blue pantyhose. Hmm, may not be the world's prettiest, but I get looked at. Gavin's jaw drops, can't keep his eyes off me. Manages to keep his hands off me, mostly, like I say, a real gent. Surprised when I don't drink alcohol or coffee and eat vegetarian, not what he expects from a woman dressed like I am. Thighs rub under the table. We dance. Slow. He cups a hand round my little ass. I fill it with a squirt of pee.

'Oops!' he says.

'What is it?'

'You just wet yourself.'

'Oh no! Didn't even feel it. God, Gavin, I'm sorry.'

'Not your fault, love. Best go to the ladies, then I'll take you home.'

Wet panties and pantyhose in a plastic bag in my purse. Spare panties. This dress is daring with matching lingerie, over a red lace g-string it's totally OTT! I love to be looked at! Good girl, don't pee in his car, though I'm displayin' the goods and makin' it clear where tonite's gonna end. I'm flirty, ask him to carry me over the threshold, then make some drips on the doorstep as he lifts me. Nice. Leave him to get coffee. Go change. Top from transparent baby doll night-dress. Bottom...

'Gavin,' I say, 'ever made love to a woman in diapers?'

We are on the bed, he's using tongue and fingers on my nipples. I frig myself inside my diaper, cum, wet hard, so he hears the pee rattling into my plastic panties. He pushes his cock hard against the plastic, pulls at the leg, fucks me as I saturate myself. Quick but intense. He shoots off. I orgasm.

The bed's wet. He changes it, then bathes me, powders me, and changes me into clean, fluffy diapers. I fall asleep in his arms.

Wake up. I'm dry. I use baby gear as a sex aid, but amn't a real AB, don't suck bottles, play with toys or wet in my sleep. He's stirring, in more ways than one. I use my mouth. Best alarm clock in the world. Full, deep throat fellatio. He cums in my mouth, I swallow, and soak my diaper.

This time I bathe and change myself. He seems embarrassed. Yep, know the signs, make it easy for him.

'Thanks, Gavin,' I say. 'My boyfriend isn't really into diaper love.'

His relief is obvious. 'My girlfriend likes it sometimes,' he tells me. She's visiting relatives, but she'll be back tonite.' 

Meanwhile, I've been dressing. There are some outfits a very bold girl might wear to a party, like skin tight white pants over black tanga panties and translucent white halter top over nothing at all. He honestly thinks it's my everyday wear! His erection is pushing at his pants, but I kiss him gently and shoo him away. Got no grudge against his girlfriend and she'll expect him to welcome her home tonite.

Then I change into sensible clothes, do a washing, and clean my flat. Saturday nite I spend writing up a report, reading some books, and having an early nite with a cup of chocolate to keep me warm.

Now, that's definitely Tinker's bad influence!

Love, Michelle
