I'm a woman who gets very aroused by the sight of another girl or woman who is desperate to pee. Maybe that's because I love to pee and I love to hold my pee. I work in an office and I often hold off going to pee as long as I can. This has caused me to squirt pee into my panties on several occasions.
I nearly always wear dresses or skirts to work and no one can see me when I'm behind my desk. I sometimes sit at my desk put my hand under my skirt and play with my pussy thru my panties. It feels so good to press my hand up against my pussy when I have to pee and the more I have to pee the better it feels. 
I also play other solo pee games at work but I'll save them for later because I want to talk about something I saw in the ladies room.
I know lots of men would like to know what goes on in ladies rooms. I know that if I see a woman who has to pee badly rush into the ladies room, I wonder what she does if she gets inside and there's a line in there. Lots of women could tell interesting stories about things they've seen in ladies rooms, but I haven't read very many. This is something that happened some time ago but I still remember it because it turned me on so much.
One day I was downtown shopping and I had to pee. I like the feeling of a full bladder so I kept shopping and holding my pee in. When I couldn't hold it any longer without putting my hand between my legs and rubbing my pussy, I went into a ladies room to let out a little pee. I often let out little squirts of pee into my panties when I have to pee bad but his time I didn't want to get my panties wet.
I was wearing a pretty pair of satin print boy leg panties from Victoria's Secret that my husband had given me. I like boy leg panties because they don't have elastic in the legs and I can easily slip my hand up the leg of my panties and play with my pussy or my peehole when no one is looking. When I 'm desperate to pee I will sometimes put my hand inside my panties and press on my peehole. It feels so good and helps me hold my pee longer.
I didn't want to squirt pee that day because my satin panties didn't have a cotton crotch and wouldn't hold much pee. When I squirt pee in them I can feel the pee trickling down my thighs. I love to feel pee on my thighs but I was also having fun giving people little peeks at my pretty panties. It excites me to have men or women look up my skirt and see my panties but I'm also very shy and it would embarrass me if someone could see that I had peed in my panties.
I love to pee thru my panties but, since I didn't want to get them wet, I pulled them down to my knees so I could play with them while I was peeing. I opened my legs and put 2 fingers against my pussy to hold it shut. Then I let the pee out in hard short spurts. It feels so good when the pee forces my pussy lips open. It's almost as good as an orgasm. 
When I had let out enough pee I dried my pussy with some toilet paper so my panties wouldn't get wet from rubbing against my wet pussy. I pulled my panties up and went to the sink to comb my hair and wash my hands.
I had just started to wash my hands when a young girl came rushing in with her thighs pressed together. She was wearing a short black skirt but I can't remember anything about her top. There was only one stall and someone was in it. The poor girl had to pee so bad that she just couldn't wait another minute. I don't think she even saw me. I had my back to her but I could see her in the mirror. She could see shoes under the stall door so she knew someone was in there.
She walked quickly over to the baby changing table yanking up her skirt to reveal the cutest little pair of white cotton bikini panties. I love white cotton panties and I started to get excited just seeing her panties. I think she was peeing in her panties when she came in but she wasn't holding her crotch. Her little white panties were soaking wet but she quickly pulled one leg aside and I could see a little tuff of pubic hair and short jets of pee squirting out of her pussy onto the floor. 
The pee was coming out in short hard spurts because she was trying to stop peeing. She was young and very pretty, probably not more than 20 years old. She was wiggling around and, even though she was not touching her pussy, the pee was squirting straight out in front of her. If I try to pee standing like that, the pee sprays all over the place and runs down my legs.
I could imagine her squeezing her peehole muscles trying not to pee on the floor, but the pressure was too much and the pee kept squirting out for a long time. I have never seen a girl more desperate to pee; in fact she was already peeing in her panties when I first saw her. She held her skirt up with one hand so it wouldn't get wet until she was finally able to stop peeing. Then she stood there in a puddle of pee waiting to get into the stall. I can remember thinking how wet that little pussy must be and how I would love to feel and taste it.
The other woman finally came out and she went into the stall. I'm sorry the story has to end like that but I couldn't see what she did next and I never saw her again.
I knew I had seen a sight that I wouldn't forget for a long time. My own pussy was sopping wet even though I hadn't touched myself. Even now I can just close my eyes and see her standing there, wiggling around, with her skirt pulled up to her waist, her cute little white panties showing and little jets of pee squirting out of her pussy.
LadyBene