My name is Anna and I'm 24 years old, blonde, thin but not a skeleton, and neither tall nor short... well enough description. Anyway, since I was a kid I've always had the habit of only peeing at home when possible, so I developed pretty good bladder control. One day I was coming back from a trip with Jessica and Dave, two friends of mine. It was a five hour car trip so as we were coming close to a gas station Dave asked if we should stop to pee. That was after 4 hours of travelling. Jessica was in pretty bad need and Dave was also complaining but I said that I didn't feel the need.
I had been drinking as much water as they had during the course of the trip so they thought it was strange that I didn't have to pee– I think they thought that I was just faking it and had a full bladder, too. So they stopped and went, but I didn't. I mean; I could have peed if I had wanted to, but I don't like gas station bathrooms too much. As they came back to the car and realized that I didn't go Dave even warned, "there won't be another stop, are you sure you don't need to go?" And I said "Yeah, of course I'm sure," and we drove away.
Jessica asked if I didn't feel even the slightest urge, and I said I felt there was some liquid to get rid of but didn't feel any urge so I'd rather just wait until I got home, and then I said that I had a pretty strong bladder anyway. "Wow I wish I had your bladder," Jessica said in envy, to which I laughed. Jessica was the kind of girl that had to pee all the time... I would hate being like that– like, making everybody stop whatever is going on so they can find me a bathroom. So unless I'm bursting– I just leave it be and hold on.
Anyway, after we dropped Jessica off, Dave drove me home. He suggested we go and have some ice cream at a nearby shop so I said "All right, just drop me home so I can change." He put up a sneaky smile and said "and pee, I imagine."
Yeah, being at home and not having peed for the previous five hours, it sure sounded like a good idea. "Yeah, why?" I asked. "No, never mind," he said and then we arrived at my place. He came in with me and I went off to my room to change. When I came out I went in the direction of the bathroom and he said teasingly "So, the strong–bladdered girl has to give in sometime I guess..." I just said, "Yeah, I do pee once in a while, you know," and continued toward the bathroom. As I was about to close the door he said, "I dare you!" I really didn't understand at first. "You dare me to...?" I asked, peering from the half closed door, as my jeans button was already undone. "Come on, do you really have a strong bladder or not?" he said back. "What do you mean?" I asked, but I already knew what he would say. So I just went on and said, "You think that I'm going to pee because I can't hold it anymore? No way, mister, I'm just going to pee for convenience since I'm at home and such," to which he answered by holding the bathroom door. "Really? Then let's go have ice cream right now..." he said maliciously. I gave him with a strange look and asked, "You mean... no pee?" "Yeah, you don't actually need it do you?" he challenged. I should have slammed the door on his face but part of me wanted to accept the challenge. The truth is that I actually needed to pee by this time, but I wouldn't let that challenge go unanswered. So I buttoned up my jeans and left the bathroom without peeing and said "Nope, let's go." I answered.
So we had ice cream and since I always have a cup of water with ice cream and Dave knew that, I had to drink one; otherwise he'd be able to tell my bladder was already getting kind of full. Which was very true, since I had just come back from a five–hour drive and had drunk a bottle of Snapple ice tea on the way. But I was determined to stay up to the challenge and only pee when I got back home after that ice cream, and wanted to show no signs of having to pee.
After we finished he just kept talking on and on and I knew he was trying to delay me. After maybe forty minutes the water I had drunk had already made its course thru my body and now wanted to get out, together with that Snapple and all the additional liquid I had been keeping inside. Now– I felt pretty full but not full enough to, say, pee if not at home :–) Anyway I suggested "So... let's go," to which he answered "Where?" I replied, "I don't know, maybe you can just drop me at home?" "Wanna go right away?" he asked teasingly. "I'm tired," I lied. I actually had to pee with some urgency. "Right," he said, raising an eyebrow. "I don't have to pee, if that's what you are thinking," I quickly answered. "Do you want to have what's left of my water? I don't feel like drinking it," he said, pushing me his unfinished glass of water that was half full. I knew he was challenging me so I just gulped it down as my bladder was screaming "no, no, no, don't drink it!"
To my relief, we eventually left the place and he drove me home. By the time I arrived it had been more than six hours since my last pee, plus the bottle of Snapple and quite a bit of water. I was going to go pee just as soon as he'd left. But he was smarter than that; he asked, "Can I go check my e–mail on your computer? Mine is broken, as you know," he explained. His was broken, that was a fact. And since we were such close friends, I couldn't say no, otherwise he'd know that I wanted to get rid of him so I could make a rush for the bathroom to let out all the pee. "Sure, why not?" I answered, disappointed that my rush to the bathroom was going to have be postponed.
So he went to the computer and I stayed in the kitchen. Half an hour later my bladder felt sooo heavy, and since he wasn't looking I stayed with my legs crossed pretty tightly and with a pained expression. Wouldn't he like EVER LEAVE?? Or should I just give in and pee? But I really didn't want to lose the challenge, I don't know why. I guess I'm very competitive, lol. So I just walked in there and stayed in the room with him to try and make him leave.
As I sat down on the bed I crossed my legs and tried to make it look natural but I guess he figured I was crossing them tighter than normal, so he said "Are you all right?" and I said, "Yeah, why?" Then I uncrossed my legs and kept them half an inch apart as if to prove my point. The truth was that it was necessary to apply some strength to keep the pee inside without crossing my legs. I had to pee SOOOOOOO bad, I think that if I relaxed for just a second a torrent would come out.
Then he figured out exactly what to do. He jumped at me all of a sudden and started to tickle me all around! It caught me completely off guard. I felt a tidal wave of pee pressing against my peehole as he tickled but managed to maintain control. "Stop! Stop!" I kept pleading. But he just kept on and asked defiantly "Stop? Why?" I finally just said it "I have TO PEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!" loud and clear, and that's what he wanted to hear. "Ahhhhh," he said with a winner face as he stopped tickling, I looked sheepish and was crossing my legs again "Yeah, I lose, okay? I can't take it any more!!!! Damn I'm going to leak all over if I don't go now", I said as I tried to get up –– but he just jumped on me again and began to tickle me even MORE!!!!!!!!!!!! "No please, please, please I have to pee I have to pee I'm gonna leak!" I kept pleading but then it happened... I lost it and started wetting myself all over. The pee from the trip, from the Snapple, from the water– it all just started coming out and I had absolutely no control! Damn, I had really had to pee soooooo badly. Afterwards, I just said "Bastard," in mock–anger but actually with a slight smile, as I lay there all wet. "Are you mad?" He asked cautiously... "No, just... wet," I answered. :–)
By: Anna M.