The Sergeant's Wife & The General's (part 2)

by Francine

Chapter 2

The first to awake was Jim, now feeling a need to relieve his own full bladder. It was dark, but in the small hours of the morning. He arose, went into the bathroom, and returned to stand beside their bed. He looked down on his nude wife, lying on her side, sleeping soundly. 

The bed paralleled a glass door, which could be opened onto a small balcony. The balcony was surrounded by a low wall, and looked down into a patio area nine floors below. Another wing of the hotel stood at a sharp angle to their own wing, and looking up he could see the balconies of the tenth floor rooms. At this hour all were dark. He opened the glass door and stepped for a moment onto the balcony. The night air was warm, comfortable. He stepped back to the bed.

In the dim light he could see Wanda's left breast, the nipple now relaxed and smooth. He touched it gently with his finger. He tickled it a bit. She squirmed, very slightly. Gently, he grasped her and turned her on her back. If the action awakened her, she showed no signs of it.

He put his lips to her nipple, licking it a bit. His fingers found her other nipple. He pulled it, first gently, then with more force. Her eyes did not open, but she moved slightly. He gave more tugs on both nipples. Though there was no response from her eyes, her legs spread apart.

Feeling his own stiff erection, he mounted her, penetrating her quickly. There was no response in her face. He began to move, slowly at first, then rapidly.

Suddenly her face turned. Her eyes opened wide and she said, quietly, "Are you sure you can do it again?"

"Have you had enough?" he asked her, slowing it just a bit.

"No way," she replied quietly, almost sleepily, closing her eyes again.

Suddenly he felt a powerful squeeze as her muscles tightened in a grip seizing his moving organ.

"Surprise you?" she asked, without opening her eyes.

He made no answer, but quickened his activity. Then he felt the quick tensing of her body, followed by her gasping and quivering as she reached her high and came down from it. He speeded his activity, bringing about his own climax seconds later.

After a few minutes, she looked at the clock near their bed. The time was 4:15. She glanced at him. He started to speak, a bit sleepily, now.

"Oh, I need to tell you - I'll have to run an errand in the morning, but I'll be back before noon. You'll be OK here in the room?"

"Sure. But leave the balcony door open. I like the air. I just might sleep till noon!"

"OK with me. But even if you get up, no clothes for you! I like to see my bride the way she is! If you want breakfast, you can use room service!"

"Yes - worry about that later." She turned on her side, and was soon in a deep sleep. 

The next thing of which she was aware was the telephone ringing. As she shook herself awake, she became aware of brilliant sunshine pouring into the room. She looked up, seeing the glass door open, as she had requested, with no curtain separating it from the bed. The sun was illuminating the bed, and suddenly she was aware that she was lying on her back naked, her legs splayed wide.

The telephone was insistent. She recalled that Jim would be gone in the morning. She was alone. She reached the telephone.

A female voice on the other end inquired, "Good Morning! Is this Wanda?"

"Why, yes," she answered in surprise. The voice sounded strangely familiar, but she couldn't place it. Then she got her answer. "This is Louise - remember? From the flight?"

"Oh, yes. Sorry to be slow. I just woke up. Did your husband get in yet?"

"No. He's supposed to arrive tonight. My suitcase didn't arrive either. I just wanted to mention a couple of things to you."

"Yes. What about?"

"First, I am sure you had a very romantic night. But you really need to pull the curtain before the sun comes up. I looked out of my balcony this morning - I am just around the corner from you and one floor up, and you were spread out in quite a display. Now when my man gets here, I want his full attention, and, Wanda, I just couldn't compete with a figure like yours!" There was a bit of laughter in her voice.

Wanda, embarrassed, quickly answered her, "I'm sorry- I didn't realize anyone could see-"

Louise went on. "I know. You had lots of other things on your mind. Anyway, I just thought I should tell you. The second thing is that since I don't have any of my baggage, I'll have to pick up a few things. I don't have a robe, or clean underwear, or anything. I need to send out the clothes I had on to be cleaned, in case I don't get my luggage, and If I do I won't have anything to wear to go out shopping. There isn't a place in the hotel to buy anything, so I'll need to find a shop outside. I just wondered if you had anything you aren't using right now, that I could borrow just to go out for a bit and shop. You seemed to be near my size, and if I could borrow something I'd return it later cleaned for you."

"Why, sure, Louise. I have a whole suitcase of things I'm not using. I'm sure I can find you something. Do you want to come down, now? Jim's out, and won't be back for a while!"

"You're a dear. I'll see you in a few minutes!"

Wanda arose. She started for her suitcase, then remembered Jim's request of her. No clothes. She wanted to do nothing to disturb their romantic interlude. Then she decided it would be all right to retrieve a comb and a bit of grooming equipment from her suitcase, if she left her clothes packed. She did this, then retreated to the bathroom to wash up a bit.

There was knock on the door. She grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her body. Going to the door, she called out, "Louise?"

A voice replied. "Yes, it's me."

Wanda opened the door. Louise entered. The older lady was wearing exactly what she had worn on the airplane the day before.

Louise noticed the towel in which Wanda was wrapped. "Did I catch you at a bad time? I can wait," she offered.

"No. Not at all. I was just getting cleaned up. Sorry about your suitcase. Let's see if we can find something to lend you temporarily. You need to borrow anything else? Like some hairspray, or tampons, or anything?"

Louise answered with an amused grin. "No, not really. I had hairspray in my handbag, and tampons, well, I am past the age where I need to worry about things like that! Anyway, thanks for the offer. Look, don't lend me anything you want to wear in the next day or so!"

"Oh, no problem. I won't be needing clothes--" she stopped herself, embarrassed at what she had just said. She blushed a little, then went on. "I'll show you what I have - should be something you can use for a few hours."

They explored several items in Wanda's suitcase. They agreed one simple sundress of Wanda's would be a fairly decent fit. Wanda wondered about it's suitability, though. "Do you think it's too, well, bare, for a general's wife?"

"No problem, Wanda. The general isn't here, and neither are any of the troops just now. Anyway, I'm not as prudish as you may think. This will do fine, and I'll return it, all cleaned, tomorrow or the day after. You sure you won't need it?" 

"No, Louise. Truth is, Jim doesn't want me to wear anything for couple of days. I was embarrassed to say it, but it sort of slipped out. I think we'll be living on room service, and that's why I'm just using the towel right now. But, thanks for tipping me off about the window - I'll see that the curtain is closed, next time! It's awful about your baggage! Are you going to have to buy a lot of stuff?"

"I'll need a few things, but I won't be extravagant. Just something to wear around the hotel and maybe out to dinner. Alan's supposed to be here late night, probably just before midnight. I'm sure we won't go anywhere this evening, and maybe by tomorrow my suitcase will have arrived. For tonight- I did have a sexy nightie in my lost suitcase, but I don't think I could replace that one!"

"That's one item I couldn't help you with. I didn't even pack a nightgown in my own bag. I kind of expected that I wouldn't have any need for one. All right, you understand - I was hoping I wouldn't have any need for one."

Louise flashed an understanding smile. "Yes, I understand. Your guy must have been quite eager to see you when you arrived. I thought you would have an exciting time."

"Was he ever excited! Of course, I was too - he was so eager he wouldn't even let me pee first! You know I was needing to on the flight, and I was holding it until I got to this room- but, well, he had other things on his mind. And, really, so did I! Later, he wanted to watch me pee and that so fired him up he still wouldn't let me finish! Oh, why am I telling you this! You'll have your romantic moment tonight, probably!"

"Wanda, talking to you is giving me a bit of inspiration. Maybe I don't need a sexy nightie either. I might just decide to see how I do without one! You've given me some other things to think about, too. Thanks!" She nodded her head for emphasis. 

Wanda gave her a knowing wink. They walked to the door, and Louise was on her way.

Looking at the clock, Wanda noted it was past eleven in the morning. She hadn't had breakfast, and now she was feeling a bit hungry.

She called room service, asking if she could still get breakfast in her room. Assured that she could, she ordered a tray sent to the room.

She was just finishing it up an hour later, when Jim opened the door. Anticipating his arrival, she had hung up the towel, and sat eating her food fully unclad.

He greeted her warmly, asked if she had been all right, and noted she had ordered food. They talked for a bit. Soon, she commented that he was now dressed whereas she was not. "Let's be fair, Jim. I get to look, too!"

He took the hint, and began to remove and hang up his clothes. 

When he had finished, they sat down. They talked, viewed the TV a bit, both of them unclothed now. In time she arose and headed for the bathroom. He grabbed her arm.

"Hey - not so fast, there. Where are you going?"

"To pee, you idiot. I had four cups of coffee and all that juice while I was waiting. Now I need to let some out!"

"Not yet. Do you know how you felt last night, when you had a full tank down there? You were squeezing so hard to keep from leaking, and I got the full benefit of it. Think I'm going to pass up another chance, so quick?"

"Jim, you really can't be ready so quick. Anyway, I know how I felt. Is it what you really want?"

"You doubt I can be ready?"

Wanda looked at her husband's face, then reached over and squeezed his penis with her hand. "You aren't yet," she observed.

"Race you!" he challenged. "I brought some bottles of soda. I'll be ready before you can get a liter of soda through your kidneys!"

She gave him a skeptical look. Then she went to the bag he had brought in, retrieved a liter of soda. She looked at it, then at him. "Before I can get this through my kidneys, you'll be hard as a rock. Right?"

"That sounds like a challenge worth accepting," she observed, unscrewing the cap and putting the bottle to her lips.

It took her half an hour to empty the bottle. They sat watching a TV program, as she finished. "Now all I need is some processing time. How are you doing?"

"I'll be ready. Tell me when you can't hold it any longer!"

She felt she was close to that now, but she wanted to please him. Fifteen minutes later she was getting extremely uncomfortable with her more than full bladder.

"Jim, I really feel like I'm about to burst. It's starting to hurt - maybe I shouldn't wait for the rest of that soda to filter through. Let me up; I'll just pee a little bit and then we can--"

"Oh, no, Wanda. You promised me!" He pressed his hand on her full bladder.

"Stand up and let me feel you!" She complied, as he palpated her lower belly.

"You're not letting out a drop of that! Not until you do your wifely duty--"

"Are you ready for your performance?" She asked, groping his shaft, now hard and erect.

In answer, he led her to the bed. As they sat on the edge, she told him, "Not with you on top, this time - not while I'm this full. Too much pressure. I'll do it with a full bladder for you, but you have to let me be on top!"

She nudged him to lie down, and immediately she was on top of him. At once she felt both her breasts in the firm grip of his hands. She positioned herself over his erect member, and slowly lowered herself onto it. Slowly they started to move, this time with Wanda providing most of the action.

She need not have feared his readiness. It was over far too soon for both of them. She collapsed onto him, breathing deeply. He held her tightly.

After a few minutes, she asked him politely, "Can I pee now? You can even watch! That is- if you can muster the energy!"

Weakly, he followed her into the bathroom, leaning over her as she used the toilet. He stroked her breasts gently as she urinated profusely. This time his erection did not return. They slowly, almost feebly, slipped back to the bed, their hands clasping.

"I think," she noted, "I am finally beginning to wear you out." Nothing further was said. Soon both were fast asleep.

The extent of their exhaustion was evident when they awoke. It was dark. The clock read a bit after eight o'clock that evening.

"I smell food," Jim commented, sniffing an aroma drifting in through the balcony door. "I'm starving. Want something to eat?"

"Yeah, I could handle food, too," she responded, hardly moving. They consulted the room service menu, and ordered two dinners.

They were eating in the room a while later when the telephone rang. Wanda picked it up. She recognized Louise on the other end.

"Wanda, am I interrupting anything?" Wanda observed that only dinner was in process.

"I just wanted to tell you, I just sent your sundress to be cleaned. It will be returned to your room tomorrow. Thanks so much for the use of it."

"Quite all right. Glad to help. Did you get your suitcase yet?" 

"No, they don't think it will arrive until tomorrow. But I did find a shop, and I got some clothes I can use for dinner and around the hotel. My husband is now supposed to be here about eleven."

"Great," Wanda responded. "Did you find something nice to wear when you first see him?"

"Oh, yes. I've provided for that. You, and perhaps your husband, inspired it. I'm almost ready now."

"How's that? I wish I could see it - but I know it'll be appreciated?"

There was silence on the other end. Then there was a hesitant comment. "Wanda, if you want to see it - can you step out on your balcony and look up? You'll see me on my balcony on the tenth floor. But just you - you'll have to leave your man inside. It's OK for you to wear your towel on the balcony!"

"OK - just give me a minute." 

"Who was that?" Jim asked her.

"Lady I met on the plane. She's staying here, too. Poor soul, she lost her luggage and hasn't got it back yet. Giving her a rough time. Look, I need to step on the balcony for a moment to see something. Can I wear my towel? You don't need to go."

"I suppose. But just for a few minutes. I don't want to lose any of our time together. I'll stay with my dinner. I'm not dressed for outdoor activity, anyway."

"Thanks. I won't be long. Don't eat my dinner!"

She wrapped the towel around herself and stepped onto the balcony. She looked up. After scanning the area, she saw Louise at a balcony on the floor above, in the wing that angled against theirs. 

Immediately she saw how Louise could have seen her in bed that morning. Louise's balcony was perfectly positioned to look down at hers.

Louise spotted Wanda. She had what looked like a towel wrapped around her, also. She held up a finger to indicate Wanda should wait a moment. Louise stepped back into her room, then turned off her balcony light. There was a chair on Louise's balcony, and the area was lit but dimly. Louise came back, stooping, almost crawling, behind the balcony wall, only her head visible above it. Wanda looked, fascinated at what sort of romantic attire the general's wife had concocted for their reunion. Louise looked carefully in all directions. Satisfied there were no viewers except Wanda, Louise suddenly sprang atop the chair, standing there facing Wanda, her arms outstretched in a victory gesture, her legs slightly spread. She held the pose for only a second.

Wanda was dumbfounded as she looked up at Louise.

The general's wife was absolutely naked. Her graying hair was exquisitely coiffed, her breasts sagged a bit, but still protruded prominently, and her dark pubic hair was clearly visible. She held the pose for only a second or two, then quickly dropped from the chair and out of sight.

Wanda went back in her room, to Jim and her dinner. In a minute, the telephone rang again.

"It's Louise here. Did you like my dress? Do you think he'll like it? I never did anything like this before, but, after what you said this morning, I'm getting up my nerve!"

"Louise, if he doesn't like it, you've got a real problem! Good luck!"

The phone clicked off.

"Your lady friend again? What have you too got going?"

"She just wanted me to look at the dress she's wearing tonight. We had talked about it earlier. I can see her on the balcony across the way. That's why I went outside!"

"Oh - fashion advice you're giving her?"

"You might say so. Anyway, I think she did the right thing. At least it's what I think I would have chosen."

Jim seemed a bit bored with it. Female fashions were not his thing, and he acknowledged it. "But," Wanda told him, "You would have liked this one!"

"Did you say she's an army wife?"

"I didn't, but she is. Her husband's coming in from somewhere. Supposed to be here at eleven tonight. She wanted to look right for his arrival."

"If he's like me, he won't care what she's wearing. He'll just be glad to see her. Now, even if you asked, I couldn't remember what you wearing when you came in last night."

"That's because you took it off me so fast you didn't even see what it was!"

"My point. He won't care either. Bet on it!"

"In this case, Jim, I think he will be quite impressed. Her name was Hawthorne. Louise Hawthorne. Said her man had been in the service thirty years. That tells you about how old she is."

"Hawthorne? Say, when I was downstairs this morning there was a guy talking to the desk clerk - said he was an aide to a General Hawthorne. Surprising - I didn't think there'd be that many Hawthorne's around."

"That's her husband. General Hawthorne. She said he's a two-star general." Wanda was casual.

Jim jumped with a startled expression. "She's a general's wife? You mean my wife is giving fashion advice to the wife of a two star general? Good gosh, what did you say? You didn't say anything about me, did you?"

His expression was one of alarm. 

"Cool it, Jim. It was just girl talk. She just picked up some ideas from me. It wasn't even intentional. You're not involved - I said very little about you!"

Jim sank back into disturbed thought, his mind pondering the possible ramifications of his wife's choice of friends. 

They finished their dinner, Wanda was somewhat distressed over Jim's reaction to her admitted conversations with Louise. She got up from the makeshift table.

"I gotta pee. Want to watch?"

His expression changed to a smile. He followed her into the bathroom and watched her start to relieve herself. "Can't do it without some attention here," she told him, patting a breast.

He took the hint, and grasped a nipple and held it as she emptied her bladder. 

