Title: Friends: The one where it's wet indoors
	Entry to: Month 26
By: Fred

"It has certainly been a long movie", Monica thought to herself, as she sat eyes fixed on the tv screen, seated in the centre of the sofa. She was thankful she had been as precise, and organised as usual and gone to the bathroom immediately before the film came on.

She and Phoebe and Rachel had been having a girls' night in and that had meant a meal with lots of wine, and then munchies for the film, such as salty popcorn, washed down with lots of pepsi and sprite.. "yes," she thought to herself "If I feel I have to go real bad, how must those other 2 be feeling". 

But the film was gripping and these thoughts passed in seconds before her attention turned back to the screen.

If, she had looked across however she would have seen Rachel crossing and uncrossing her legs more and more frequently and thinking: "Why does it have to be such a long film? Or such a good film? Or on a channel with no commercials." A glance the other way would have revealed Phoebe looking equally uncomfortable. "It's a bachi" she thought. "Rachel teased Monica about being so organised and routine, she even pees just before a movie, and this is our punishment. The Buddhists are right. Still, I can hang on, as long as I get to the bathroom first"

Rachel crossed her legs again. Her short blue and white shirt riding further and further up her legs , revealing a quick glimpse of her white panties. "As long as I can beat Phoebe in, I'll be ok" she thought, fiddling with her white t-shirt.

Monica , wearing a black skirt and a white blouse, was also thinking of the bathroom again, "I'll go as soon as the movie ends, I wouldn't want to wait till I was desperate" she reasoned,

and Phoebe, who was wearing a white skirt with pink knickers, and a pale blue shirt thought "I must go first, I won't wait for the credits, ....then I'll be fine. After all this is Rachel's bachi, not mine"

A few agonising moments later the film came to a close and Rachel and Phoebe leapt up and ran blindly for the bathroom, and ended up running headlong into one another. As they picked themselves up they were horrified to see Monica walk between them into the bathroom and close the door behind her. 

Safe inside the bathroom, Monica smiled to herself, as she unhooked her skirt and slid down her black panties.

At the door Rachel and Phoebe waited desperately. They heard a familiar hiss as Monica's powerful jet of piss hit the toilet bowl. It was hardly conducive to keeping control, but neither girl dared move an inch from the door lest the other got in first.

On and on it came, and they heard Monica sigh with relief and pleasure.

Phoebe gasped "I'm not going to make it", "No hang on" yelled Rachael, don't think about it ..think about something completely different., like your favourite tv show."

"Oh thanks a lot" came the sarcastic reply"

"what'd I do?" queried Rach

"Well, it's wheel of fortune, and in that show they use letters and one of the letters is a p.., thanks a bunch Rachel"

Rachel smiled to herself, good ol' Phoebe. She would never understand her but she was a good friend. Her thoughts were interrupted by Phoebe's scream..

"Oh my God, I'm peeing my pants ..look"

and she hitched up her skirt. 

"I don't want to look Phoebe" her flatmate replied, and yet she found the sight bizarrely riveting. Despite herself she kept her gaze fixed on Phoebe's pretty pink panties, and then gasped as she she saw the stain appear and grow and grow and then saw Phoebe's hot wee pour through and onto the carpet.

Inside the bathroom Monica had long finished, and was now at the door grinning. This might teach them to be a bit more organised like her, they wouldn't tease her so much now! She couldn't hear Phoebe's wee, it was falling onto carpet but she knew her friend had wet herself from her comments and Rachel's gasps. How childish and immature. Perhaps she should teach Rachel a lesson too.

On and on came the golden yellow liquid, and despite herself Phoebe murmured with the glorious release that comes from a good wee. "Wow! That felt good" she said, "Lovely and warm, And the new shade in my panties goes with my shirt". She was really enjoying the warm feeling, it felt so comfortable and she also felt deliciously naughty.

"You are crazy" said Rachel and then to Monica "Hurry up, PLEASE!". 

"I've got to do my makeup and hair" came the response.

"Couldn't you do that later, I REALLY have to go " said Rachel

"Sorry, you should have gone before the movie like us, what was it you called me, oh yes.. 'bladder freaks' ".

Rachel couldn't believe it. "What a bitch" she said,

"I know," Phoebe sympathised.. "but I have an idea that should teach her a lesson". She whispered in Rachel's ear. " I can't do that., can I? " she said. "Ross wanted me to try it, but I just wasn't sure"

"Well, here's a chance to try it out on a deserving cause, and see how you feel, just follow my lead"

A few seconds later Monica grinned as she heard Phoebe sceam:

"Oh Rachel, your new panties, what a shame". It was a pity she couldn't hear it too, but she'd see the stains on the carpet. 

"Oh, I feel so humiliated" wailed Rachel.

Monica decided it was time . She unlocked the door and came out.

"Monica" whined Rachel "my new panties are ruined"

"Oh, I'm *so* sorry" said Monica, unconvincingly. "How bad?"

"Look" said Rachel and hitched up her skirt. Monica was puzzled, she couldn't see the wet patch. "Where?" she queried.

"Oh, it's the light" explained Phoebe, "lie down and look up and you'll see". 

Somewhat surprised Monica followed Phoebe's advice and lay under Rachel, and looked up at her white undies. They still looked pristine.

Then she felt Phoebe's strong arms pinning her down, and saw Rachel tossing her panties aside and crouching down, her young pussy with it's golden down of hair clearly visible. 

Monica had a horrible premonition "No guys come on, you can't... you wouldn't. it'd be stupid , childish and immature and., ..uurggh

At that moment Rachel began her golden shower, she had so much to give and it poured over Monica's beautiful face and ran in rivulets through her black hair, everytime she opened her mouth to scream or protest Rachel immediately shifted postion and gave her a nice hot drink for her troubles. Moving again, Rachel ensured she soaked Monica's pretty blouse, and it soon became clear she had on no bra as her small pert and firm boobs became clearly outlined. 

"Stop it please.." Monica screamed and once again tasted hot salty wee fresh from Rachel. Her face was soaked , her hair too and on and on it came . 

"Come on Monica, open wide like a good girl" said Phoebe, as she tickled Monica's stomach. Involuntarily Monica's mouth flew open and Rachel, to her great satisfaction, was able to fill Monica's mouth with hot piss so that she had no choice but to swallow and swallow more of the hot draught beverage. 

Then , a final hairwash and Rachel was done. She put her panties back on and sat down. Phoebe was still laughing.

"I can't believe you guys" said Monica, " but I guess I had it coming. I'm sorry I made you wet your knickers Phoebe"

"Oh that, no problem .., it was nice and warm" Phoebe replied, "sorry I tried to make you wet yours " she said to Rachel

"well, I think I got even" laughed Rachel "sorry if I got a bit carried away"

"You're forgiven under the circumstances, now if you'll excuse me I'm going to take a nice hot shower"

"I could really do with one too" said Phoebe

"Well, after all the problems when we use the bathroom seperately, maybe we should shower together" said Rachel with a grin on her face.

and the rest is up to you. 

