Further bladder-orientated chat

by Roland

Hi,

many thanks for posting my email so promptly and for brushing up my English! I m a German and nobody teached me the w/s vocabulary. It was Patches Place (a superbly maintained web site, isn t it? I love it!) where I learned a lot about w/s prosa, but I m still far below the standards posted there. You re always free to post my letters anonymously, the simple reason is that at the moment I have to use the e-mail address of my office which could reveal my identity, and I just don t like to waste my time with narrow minded assholes, o.k.? You can name me Roland (you got it right), eg two of our directors also have Roland as first name, he, he!

Yes, it would be great to put together a web site with actual quantities produced by really capable women or, alternatively, with holding on or peeing time figures. I cannot contribute very much more, but I would like to tell you what could be of interest in this regard.

In the Zines department of Patches Place, click at Wet Set, Issue 5, Pt. 17 and read John s contribution from Australia. That guy has a really nice hobby: He s engineering desperate women situations using the service of prostitutes. He shows the lady a measuring jug and offers an ingenious incentive scheme: the more pee, the more fee! He reports his all time record as being 1600 ml, quite a performance (BTW, my own best as a man was only 1300 ml)!

In the Books department of Patches Place, a book of Major Rhonda Cornum is listed, where she describes her experiences as a POW during the Gulf War. PP quotes that after being caught she was unable to go to a loo for many hours. This book isn t available in the stores here, but the net knows everything: could somebody please take a look in it and tell us more specific figures?

I think it is an article also listed at PP: from Knave (U.K.) Vol. 13 No. 9 (September 1981). There a guy reports an experience with a girl who liked to make full bladder sex games. After a nicely described sex session she was dumping her flood into a large china chamber pot which got half filled. From my early china chamber pot capacity measurements I know that this kind of pots quite consistently could held about 2000 ml. Simple arithmetic shows the girl peed about 1000 ml.

Many years ago I read an article about a famous car racing: The 24 Hours of Le Mans. A French woman has been portrayed in it with the outstanding ability (no, not what you think now, wait a moment) to exactly keep track of each racing car s position. So many reporters peeked at her logbook to get back into sync. But this wasn t for nothing: In order to do that, the author wrote, the lady couldn t leave her place during the whole racing and he made an allusion to her obvious holding on abilities. How long did she hold it on? You guessed it, 24 hours!

In a medical atlas I saw a X-ray picture of a women s abdominal part. Between the pelvis bones, a large sphere was visible and the picture was titled something like: bladder, strongly filled with 1250 ml contrast fluid. What the doctors are doing, inflating a women for biometric purposes... ;-)

Let s revisit Patches Place (I like it). In the Zines departement, there s a letter published in a U.K. mag called Razzle. Click at: One story from Razzle. Here June describes how she enjoyed her king, pardon, queen size bladder. Unfortunately, as she stated in her letter, she never timed her endlessly peeing performances but gave at least the following clue: that she sometimes deliberately didn t pee first thing in the morning and kept holding it in until late evening! I guess a holding on capability in the 24 hour range, too.

In this respect, June could have been a twin sister of my former girlfriend I mentioned in my first email. What a pity that I never tried to address the w/s fetish subject as long as we were together. But I simply wasn t aware of the deeply (auto)erotic aspect of women holding it in. The w/s web sites finally showed me what kind of arousing sensations a full bladder can cause for a women.

You asked me whether my girlfriend ever showed typical signs of being desperate? Well, she was amazingly strong and I can recall only two instances: the one you kindly did post, and another one when a friend took us with his small aeroplane. When we landed after two hours, my girlfriend had held it in only for appr. 8 hours, normally nothing, but obviously the stress of that somewhat frightening experience caused her kidneys to open their floodgates and she was at bursting point. When we left the plane, she could barely walk.

Bent over, with small steps, she was hobbling towards the ladies room at the airport whispering at me that she s nearly going to piss herself. I followed her (I also had to go badly, but a hard on helped me to seal my output channel), and while passing by the ladies room I could hear her tremendous torrent through the closed door. The splashing sound was swelling rhythmically, probably caused by her breathing, the diaphragm pressing down the enormously enlarged bladder. Unfortunately, I got only the first 40 seconds of that show, then other people came along and I disappeared into the men s room not to get into an embarrassing situation as a, well, voyeur? ecouteur?

