I am writing about my experiences with a very special woman that I felt very fortunate to meet even if it was for a limited time. It all started with my new job at an advisory and management accounting firm in Los Angeles. I had just graduated from university at the age of 23 and was a little inexperienced in the relationship department. I had never had a girlfriend or even a high school sweetheart. All my sexual experiences had come from binge–drinking campus parties and one–night stands. Admittedly, I was glad to get out of the college life and into the real world, where was I hoping to find a more meaningful relationship that I had not found up to this point.
I had graduated with good grades from a well–known university; so it didn't take me long to get a job offer. I quickly accepted it and my first day was an orientation day where I would be shown around the workplace and introduced to my co–workers. So, that morning, I arrived well dressed in an Armani suit and tie, showered and clean–shaven, five minutes before the 10:00 am start time. The building's interior was beautiful, with a large ruby coloured tile entrance leading to a cherry oak receptionist's desk. There was a grand marble staircase to the right of the desk. I could only presume that it led to the offices upstairs, where I would be working. I checked in with the receptionist, who called for Tanja, my guide for the orientation. 
About thirty seconds later, I heard the unmistakable clicking of high heels coming down the stairs. Tanja was gorgeous. She couldn't have been over the age of 27, with a beautiful brown skin tone, dark black hair up to her mid back, and light brown eyes. She was a little shorter than me, about 5' 8. I also noticed the sense of confidence she showed off in her demeanour. She wore a thin see–through white blouse with the top two buttons undone, showing off her formidable 34 C breasts dressed in her light blue silk bra. She walked quickly, in long strides with a slight swaying of her hips, maybe caused by her short skin–tight black skirt, which clung to her body and showed off her perfect curves. Her legs were long and well toned.
She walked right up to me with a white–pearl, red lipstick smile that almost buckled me to my knees. 
She held out her hand and said, "You must be David. My name is Tanja and I will be showing you around today."
Her voice had a slight purring sound, which came from her Spanish background. She spoke slowly, with purpose. I stood in awe; unable to move while graced by absolute perfection I had never seen before. My eyes were fixated on this goddess from heaven who was now standing a mere two feet away from me. Coming to my senses, I quickly shook her hand and felt the cool, smooth touch of her beautiful skin.
"Er..hello..um.. sure", I replied awkwardly.
I could not believe my brain and exterior senses were failing me, with the woman of my dreams standing in front of me.
Tanja giggled and said "A little nervous for your first day? Don't worry; I'll get you settled right in. Now, how about a bottle of water or juice before we begin?"
"Water would be fine. Thanks," grateful that I was at least able to speak clearly again. 
Tanja got me a plastic water bottle from the receptionist, opening the cap herself showing off her long fingernails, painted red to match her lipstick. She handed the bottle and cap to me and smiled again. I instinctively took several large gulps from the bottle before realizing I was drinking too fast. I screwed the cap back on and followed Tanja up the staircase. She walked slower this time, her perfectly proportioned posterior merely inches from my face.
As we reached the top of the staircase, I saw the hallway with offices all the way down. Upon reaching the hallway, Tanja turned around to talk to me. 
"We have twenty accountants here, including you. I will be introducing you to all of them today. These are offices all the way down the hall. At the end of the hallway, there is a boardroom, where we have weekly meetings. The washrooms are located just outside the boardroom. However, they are locked at all times as a security measure to prevent clients from entering them."
"Excuse me?"
"Yes, we had an incident here last year, where someone removed a roof tile in the bathroom and entered the air conditioning duct. He managed to enter an office and take some top–secret files. Luckily, one of the workers here saw him come down from the roof in the washroom and stopped him. Since then we have had an employee only bathroom policy."
"OK, so will I have a key to the men's washroom?"
"No. We cannot take the risk of keys being copied or lost. I have been put in charge of the keys to the washrooms, since my office is right beside them. If you need the washroom, just knock on my door and I will give you the key. You will return it once you are done with it."
I took another long gulp of water. Even though Tanja was doing all the talking my throat kept going dry, interacting with this gorgeous woman. I had never been this nervous in my entire life. I also realised I needed to pee. It wasn't anything major, but the need was growing. I had drunk two glasses of coffee before coming to work, instead of my usual one, because I had a nervous and sleepless night. I wanted to make sure that I was awake for my first day. Now I was starting to regret that extra cup of coffee. It was cool in the building, so the bottled water I was drinking would be going straight to my bladder soon enough.
Tanja smiled as I finished drinking the bottle of water. "OK, if you have no further questions, let's get started."
The first meeting was with the boss, Mr. Aaron Brokovich. He was an elderly man of fifty years and the founder of the firm. He told me about the company, his expectations for his employees, and asked if I had any questions. I replied that I didn't.
Mr. Brokovich looked at me and smiled. "I think you will fit in well here, David. I look forward to seeing great things from you."
"Thank you, sir," I replied.
"Now before you and Tanja leave this office, I request that you join me for a toast. I keep white champagne in my cupboard for occasions precisely such as these. Welcome to our firm, David."
After the toast, Tanja led me out of the office and told me we would be meeting half of my co–workers before stopping for lunch at 12:30. I shifted my feet, feeling the pressure building in my bladder. It was now 11:30 and I needed the washroom, but was too shy to ask a beautiful woman like Tanja for the key.
After meeting five people, I was squirming a lot more and was wondering if Tanja had noticed. She was certainly looking over at me a lot and seemed to be smiling at me every time she did. She was also very hasty in leading me out of one office and into another. I didn't have time to ask her to use the washroom even if I could get myself to ask.
It was now 12:00, with five people left to meet before lunch. My bladder was starting to hurt. When we exited the last office, I stopped Tanja before she could guide me into the next one. 
"Tanja, can we take a short break? I need to use the washroom."
"Can you wait until lunch, David? I still need to introduce you to five more people before everyone leaves for lunch. We are a little strapped for time here."
I couldn't let Tanja know how badly I needed to pee. If I couldn't wait until lunch, she would perceive me as a child who couldn't wait to go to the washroom, without having an accident.
"OK. No problem, I'll wait till lunch," discreetly shuffling my feet.
The next four introductions were absolute hell. I couldn't remember the names of the co–workers I was speaking to, much less concentrate on the conversation. All I could think about was the toilet and how badly I wanted to pull out my penis and just let my pee go. I had to hold on till 12:30. I could not embarrass myself in front of my co–workers, at my new job on my first day. I was close to leaking in my pants. Very close– this was the worst I ever had to pee since my childhood. I wanted to grab myself and help control my bladder from releasing its contents into my pants, but I couldn't do it in such a public place, with Tanja there. 
As my meeting with the ninth co–worker ended, I did an involuntary pee dance as I got up from the chair. I had to quickly shove my hands into my crotch to avoid losing control and wetting myself right there. I regained my composure and stood up, feeling my face turning beet red.
Tanja looked at me with concern. "Are you OK, David?"
"I'm fine...just some bad breakfast," I replied, doubting that a word of it was believable.
"OK, let's get this last intro done and then me and you can go for lunch."
The last introduction was with a blonde woman named Selena. She was shorter and lighter than Tanja, not quite as attractive, but very pretty nonetheless. Needless to say, I was hoping to wrap up this introduction quickly, not wanting to embarrass myself in front of two beautiful women. 
There were no guest chairs in Selena's office, unlike the other offices. Tanja and I were standing while Tanja introduced me to my new co–worker. This made hiding my severe desperation even harder. I was pretty sure anyone looking at me could see what was happening at this point, as I was slightly hunched over and shifting constantly. I was so close to wetting myself. I felt like I was going to lose control at any moment. But I had no choice but to wait. I had to wait and pee in the toilet, like a grown up man. I couldn't pee myself like a little child in front of my co–workers, attractive women no less.
Tanja started the introduction. "Hi Selena, this is David, our new co–worker. David this is Selena, my co–worker and good friend of many years."
"Hi Selena", I mumbled, trying to fight the impulse to grab my penis. I could feel it throbbing trying to hold back the flood, which was trapped inside my bladder, desiring release.
"Hello, David. I'm glad to meet you. How do you like the workplace so far?"
"It's OK."
"David is a little shy, just getting used to his new surroundings," Tanja interjected, winking at Selena.
"Ah, so I see," Selena replied. "Is that why you are a little twitchy, David? Are you uncomfortable or nervous?"
I blushed. I couldn't believe what I had gotten myself into. I was in danger of peeing myself right here in this office. I had to go NOW. I didn't care about anyone knowing now. All I wanted to do now was get to the toilet somehow.
"I really need to pee. Can I please have the key, Tanja? " 
"No, David. I'm afraid I can't give you the key." 
I almost lost control of my bladder. I did another big pee dance and squeezed my crotch. It was the only way to keep control of my urine. I could feel my body pulsating. I was going to lose control. I was going to pee my pants. There was nothing I could do. Selena and Tanja were both staring at me eagerly now, waiting for the inevitable. I could tell they were enjoying this.
"Please Tanja. Just let me go pee. I'll do anything you want me to do. I'm going to have an accident if you don't give me the key."
I was begging now, crying for Tanja to give me the key to the washroom, the key to sweet relief and avoidance of complete humiliation.
Tanja and Selena weren't even responding now, just waiting for me to do what happens naturally. They were both very excited, with their eyes fixated on me. My bladder pulsed violently. I let out a short spurt into my boxers, but quickly regained control. 
I tried to turn and run out of the office but Tanja grabbed me. With both hands in my crotch, there was no way for me to escape. If I let go, my bladder would let go. It was that simple. I was stuck to wetting myself in front of these two ladies. I had no choice, but to fulfil their desires to see me wet myself like a four–year–old boy. 
My tortured bladder let out another spurt– a longer one this time. I felt it run down my legs and soak my pants. It was a matter of time now. A complete wetting accident was moments away. Selena walked around behind me and locked her office door. She sat back down in her chair and pulled up her skirt. She began masturbating through her pink full cut cotton panties, while enjoying the situation Tanja had cunningly gotten me into. 
Tanja joined her behind her desk and began to slowly massage her girlfriend's breasts. Both of them were still watching me intently, like hawks. They had spied their prey and knew what was coming next.
Another spurt now. My pants were wet down to the knees. My bladder had experienced some relief and wanted to fully dispose its long–held water. I had been holding for too long. I could not force my body to hold so much liquid for so long. I was only human and the girls knew this. 
And then, the long, painful battle was over. The dam burst. Pee cascaded out of me and there was no stopping it. I peed uncontrollably for what seemed like hours with my body shaking with heavenly relief. I had wet my pants, but it didn't matter. It was such pleasure to just let it go. I was now free of the desperation, the pain. 
Tanja and Selena were undressing each other now, obviously very excited by what had happened in front of them. They threw themselves on the floor, with my massive puddle still spreading and wetting their bodies, both gasping heavily. They impulsively made love to each other as I finished peeing, watching them. They both came, moaning and squirting; heavily adding to the massive puddle on the office floor. They lay on the wet floor for a few minutes, before Tanja looked up to see that I, their victim, was still there. 
"Care to join, David?"
I stood there speechless, so Tanja explained.
"Selena here likes girls only, but I like guys too, especially cute guys like you who pee in their pants. Would you like to make love to me now, David?"
I impulsively ripped of my pee soaked clothes and mounted Tanya, right there on the floor. Selena got up and sat down at her desk to watch. I rammed my most intimate organ into Tanya over and over. We both came together in perfect synergy, gasping with pleasure and exhaustion. I was in heaven; making love to the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. As we finished, I realised I was in trouble with no spare clothes or way out of the building.
Conveniently, Selena had plenty of spare clothing in various sizes, sexes, and style in her cupboard, so the three of us cleaned up and changed before the others got back from lunch. The rest of the introductions that afternoon were pretty uneventful. But something told me I was going to like working at my new job.
By: Full Bladder