I had a really bad day at work and wanted a little evening fun; so I decided to play hold it.
I had 40 ounces of water 1.5 hours ago and a couple of vodka tonics since. I am now a girl who has got to go! I am going to hold it as long as I can and then measure my capacity. My record is 1.1L. I will try to beat it without wetting on my nice hardwood floors. If I don't make it, you will probably hear the splash, as I really let it out when I go.
Oohh my God, I am trying to hold it, but I want to pee. I refuse to loosen my belt or unbutton my jeans. Grown ups can hold it and I am a grown up, a 35 year old woman, director at a major corporation. I will not let the pulsing of my bladder control me.
I decide to include my fuck buddy in the drama. We have been hooking up a couple of times a year for 15 years. He is in town and I tell him to come over because I have a job for him. The 20 minutes it takes for him to arrive are torture. I am pacing and squeezing my pc muscles. I am also still drinking. I don't want to ruin my buzz or minimize my urgency. When he opens the door, I am in jeans, a big leather belt, push up bra and t–shirt. None of this really gets his attention, what he sees is a grown woman with her legs crossed, one hand wedged against her twat and bouncing up and down.
He asked if I needed dick so bad that I was rubbing my clit? I told him that it was a toilet I needed. I really, really was desperate to pee. So, why not pee, he asked? I told him the truth; I am trying to see how much I can hold. I want you to distract me from my quivering bladder. The look on his face changed from curiosity to menacing. He said, well, you could distract yourself by sucking my dick. I thought, "at least I won't be standing up." I lay down on the bed, and unzipped him. He saw my empty glass and said "un uh, you need to keep hydrated." He filled it with vodka and club soda. Once I had half of it, he put his cock in my mouth. I was lying on the bed, with him standing up, I started sucking but after about two minutes, I had to stop and grab my crotch. I started to loosen my belt and undid my jeans button. He asked what I was doing, but I told him, it was that, or no blow job, I was desperate and, even laying down, the pressure against my bladder sphincter was enormous. I had to go soooo very, very bad. I started sucking again but I couldn't last. I told him, I had to go and I stood up. AS soon as I was upright, the urge hit, and it hit all at once. A full force wave of piss slammed against my urethra. I started to moan, "I've gotta go." My friend, who, to my knowledge, had never been into wetting or holding, said "too bad, you aren't going anywhere." He told me to take my pants off, when I bent over to remove my jeans, I felt a fierce spasm, slamming against the opening of my poor, distressed bladder. I squeezed my pc muscles so tight that I would have severed anything in their way, but it wasn't enough, I really had to go. He made me drink more. He told me to sit quietly in the corner. I sat there, naked from the waist down, with my legs crossed. I held on about 15 minutes after the initial spasm. The whole time, I was either sitting on my heel, or crossing my legs and bouncing, or rubbing my clit. I actually gave myself a small orgasm but the muscle contractions almost did my poor bladder in. After that, I kept pacing, stopping every minute or so, to cross my legs and lean forward. My fuck buddy said that I could do whatever I wanted, but I was not allowed to pee until he came. He was stroking his cock hard, but he wasn't hard enough for me. I wanted to suck him but if I had gone down, I would have splashed a gallon of pee everywhere. He was enjoying my distress, so I started to moan harder. I realized that I had about one more wave against my sphincter before it all rushed forward and out. I danced as his cock got harder, the head got redder and I could see he was ready to blow. I have never been a leaker– when the faucet opens, it pours out. When I felt a dribble against my panty, I knew I was done. Thankfully, I heard, a deep moan and saw him blow a load across the room. So, I hobbled to the loo, grabbed the measuring jug, and finally relaxed all those shaking, trembling nerves and muscles. Once I did that, they all gave out. The sound in the jug was like a water hose on concrete. I just kept peeing. Finally, I had two little spasms, almost like teeny orgasms and the last bit came out. 1.2L! My fuck buddy was so stunned at the amount that he bent me right over and slammed his cock into me. I came harder than I ever have. My bladder still aches, but the intense pleasure was well worth it.
By: Holding on Hard