"Clare! Wake up! Haven't you got an exam today?"
Clare's alarm clock had failed to wake her in time to allow her normal exam routine of taking a shower, grabbing some breakfast, and reading through her revision notes. As a result her Mum had woken her at 8:30, with the exam due to start at 9 a.m. To make matters worse, it usually took twenty minutes on a good day for the car journey to school and students taking exams had been instructed to get to the exam hall 5 minutes before all exams.
"Oh shit!" Clare thought, as she saw her alarm clock had stopped. "What's the time?"
"8:30. You'd better hurry up – I'm nearly ready to leave!"
Clare jumped out of bed and threw her school uniform on, consisting of starched white blouse, short gray skirt, flesh–colored stockings and patent leather shoes. She checked her watch – 8:35. Her Mum called her again.
"Clare? Will you get a move on! I don't want to be late for work because you slept in!"
"Okay, okay!" She replied. It was then that she realized a need to pee. She had been out with friends the night before for a pre–exam drink, but had been careful to go easy on the alcoholic drinks. This had meant spending most of the night drinking cokes, and while she had emptied her bladder upon arriving home, the previous night's drinks had caught up with her. "I just have to use the bathroom."
"You haven't got time!" her Mum replied. "If you need to powder your nose, you can go when you get to school."
Clare had little choice but to go along with her Mum. After all, she had only started her job that week and Clare didn't want to be responsible for her being reprimanded for being late.
"OK, I suppose I can wait."
Clare grabbed her bag and ran down stairs to where her Mum was waiting impatiently.
"Here. I made you a coffee for the journey to perk you up a bit before the exam." Clare's Mum passed her a large mug of strong coffee as they both hurriedly entered the car. As they set off, Clare started to sip the coffee as she tried to regain her composure for the exam.
"Damn! Road works!" her Mum cried in exasperation as they ground to a halt just after leaving their home. This was all they needed, to be stuck in a traffic jam with Clare on her way to an exam and her Mum anxious to avoid being late to her office. As the traffic lights finally changed to green, Clare's Mum hit the accelerator and they carried on towards school.
8:40, 8:45, and 8:50 all came and went with Clare getting more anxious by the minute. All the time, she had been sipping her coffee in an effort to take her mind off the exam and her current predicament of running late. Her bladder was responding accordingly, with the strong coffee quickly passing through her. "I really need to visit the bathroom – I hope we get there soon!" Clare announced. "I'm doing my best!" her Mum replied, as she overtook a car sticking rigidly to the 30 mph speed limit.
As they reached the outskirts of town, 8:55 had arrived. Clare could picture the scene in the exam hall as her Mum drove ever more dangerously in an attempt to get there in time. "I should be there by now – they'll be reading out the exam instructions!" Clare said worryingly.
As they pulled up to school, Clare had finished her coffee and passed the large mug to her Mum, before kissing her goodbye. "Good luck, darling" her Mum said, as she pulled away for her journey to work.
Clare ran through the school entrance and towards the exam hall. As she ran, she could feel her need to pee had got ever more greater. "I'll use the loo next to the hall" she thought, reassuring herself amid her nervousness of not only the impending exam, but also of her straining bladder. As she reached the hall, an invigilator was waiting outside and tut–tutted as she saw Clare rush in.
"I don't know...do you not realize how important this exam is? Here – fill this in" The elderly woman said, holding out an extensive form that all latecomers to exams had to fill in. Clare could see the others in her class already scribbling away in the exam hall.
"Er, OK. I just need to use the ladies'."
"I don't think so!" The woman replied. "The ones here are out of order and the nearest ones are in the main building. Besides, you have one minute before you have to start the exam – you're nearly ten minutes late and I can't let anyone in after ten past nine."
"Oh God! I really need to go!" Clare gasped.
"Rules are rules!" The lady said, sarcastically. "Maybe if you get here on time then you won't get yourself in this situation."
Clare gave the woman a glare as she handed over the form and rushed into the exam room, taking a seat near to the back. She turned over the exam and started to write, while noticing that the exam was four hours long, and not the two and a half that she was expecting.
"Jesus! I'll have to use the toilet soon! I'll never last that long" she thought as she took out a large bottle of mineral water to drink through the exam. Even though she really needed to pee, she tended to get thirsty in tense situations and she quickly took a couple of gulps as she wrote.
The exam was going OK – she had answered the first two questions already, and it was only 9:30. However, her bladder was now reaching bursting point and she crossed her slim legs in an effort to ease her discomfort. The mineral water hadn't helped one bit – she now felt bloated and when she leant over to write she could feel an increased need to go.
"This is crazy!" she thought, and she raised her hand to attract the attention of an invigilator. However, as it was too soon for students to be asking for an extra answer book, the invigilators were seated at the front whispering to each other and reading magazines.
As Clare waved towards them, a girl beside Clare looked over to her and smirked. The girl– whose name was Laura, wasn't in Clare's class. She was naturally good–looking and dressed in a tight–fitting uniform, making her popular with the boys in her year. Her long blonde hair, tight body, and dazzling blue eyes undoubtedly attracted attention. As her bladder groaned once again, Clare glared back at her as she still failed to get the attention of the invigilators.
"Oh God, I really need to go!" Clare thought, starting to panic at her situation. She had now started to blush and was starting to sweat a little in her desperation.
Clare carried on with the exam, trying to block out the pain of her bursting bladder. It was now 10:30 – some two hours after she had been woken. Since that point, when she had already needed to pee, she had drunk a huge mug of strong coffee and had just finished her one liter bottle of Evian. She started to tap her foot nervously with her legs still tightly crossed and her flushed face growing redder by the minute. She raised her hand again.
This time, one of the invigilators saw her and walked to the back of the room to find out what was wrong. "Do you need an answer book?" the elderly man asked.
"No, I need to powder my nose" Clare whispered, trying to hide her panic.
"This is no time for putting on make–up, girl!" he responded sternly.
"No, no – you don't understand! I need to visit the bathroom!"
"What? Did you not wash before you left home?" It was obvious she was going to have to spell it out, although her Mum had always encouraged her never to state to others that she needed the toilet, as it just wasn't ladylike and she should be old enough to control her bladder now.
"I... I need a wee! I need to go now!" she blurted out, causing those on the surrounding desks to turn to Clare and start to giggle.
"I'm sorry, love. You can't. Nobody is allowed to leave the exam room until the end. It's the rules of the new exam board that we're using."
"B–but that's crazy! How do you expect us all to last four hours?"
"Well, we told everyone the new rules and they all went before the exam. At least, everyone who arrived on time!" the man said in a sarcastic tone. "You'll just have to wait."
"I can't! I'm literally bursting!!!!" Clare was now seriously panicking – she still had over two hours of the exam left and was about to pee her pants at any second. "Can't you make an exception?"
"No! If you had the courtesy to arrive on time, you would have had the chance to go, wouldn't you?" With that, the man walked off and started talking to the other invigilators, who started to giggle as they turned to look at Clare. They were obviously discussing Clare's bursting bladder and Clare blushed even more as she realized this.
All through Clare's discussion with the invigilator, Laura had been listening with interest. "Ahhhh, does the little girl need to use the potty?" She whispered in a child–like voice, fixing Clare with a gaze of her blue eyes.
"Get lost!" Clare whispered angrily. Her need was increasing by the second and she clenched her legs shut to prevent any embarrassing accidents while also pressing on her crotch with one hand.
"Pppppppssssssssss!" Laura whispered deviously, making the sound of running water that Clare could definitely have done without hearing.
"Shut up!" Clare responded as she returned to her exam. The situation was now getting dangerous. Her bladder had increased in size to such an extent that the waistband of her school skirt was preventing it getting any larger. Clare was slim and the bulge of her bloated bladder pressing against the waistband was only making matters worse. She had now started to sweat profusely and was noticeably holding herself and tapping her feet constantly.
By now, it had reached 11 a.m. and Clare knew an accident was imminent if she didn't do something quickly. She raised her hand again. This time, a young female invigilator walked over to her.
"I really, really need to use the toilet!" she pleaded with her.
"I'm sorry, love, but you'll just have to wait." That was NOT the answer she wanted to hear.
"But I'm desperate! I need to pee now!"
The female invigilator slapped Clare across the face, catching her by surprise and very nearly releasing her sphincter, which was under increasing pressure to hold back the torrents of pee yearning to escape. "Don't get rude with me, young lady! You should have gone before the exam. No one is allowed out of the exam hall until 1 p.m. and don't ever talk to me like that again!" With that, she walked off, leaving Clare really panicking and in a state of desperation.
"Right, I have to get through this! I am 18 after all, I'm not a little girl any more!" she thought, even though she knew she was approaching the point where she could no longer hold on. By this point, her throat was really dry with the tension of her situation and she could see a girl sat near to Laura with an unopened bottle of mineral water. She signaled over to the girl and whispered if she could have the water. Despite her situation, Clare got thirsty really easily and the girl nodded. At that point, the chief invigilator made an announcement.
"There are now one and a half hours left of the exam. I remind you all that nobody can leave the exam hall until the end of the exam, even for toilet breaks" he said.
During the announcement, Laura had taken the bottle of water from the girl and opened it. She then took three soluble diuretic tablets from her purse that she had been planning on taking a few hours before the exam to empty her bladder in preparation for the long exam. She pierced the foil packaging, and dropped the tablets into the bottle. They instantly dissolved, after which Laura screwed the cap back on and handed the bottle to Clare.
"Here, peegirl!" she whispered, as she passed the bottle over.
Clare glared back again, still dying to empty her bladder but also needing to drink to cure her extremely dry throat. She immediately drank half of the bottle, as Laura looked on deviously.
Another 15 minutes passed by, at which point Clare gasped. Her bladder was now exploding, and she let go a trickle of piss before clenching her sphincter muscles desperately to prevent any more pee escaping. The diuretic tablets in the water had resulted in even greater desperation for Clare, and she now had to hold on for all she was worth.
Laura looked across and could see Clare's predicament. She started to giggle as she saw a tiny trickle of pee leave Clare's tights and drip to the floor.
"Shut up!" Clare said again, this time loud enough for an invigilator to hear and walk across to her angrily.
"There is to be no talking in exams!" he said sternly.
"But I..." Clare attempted to explain.
"Be quiet and finish the exam!" he said as he walked away.
Tears had now entered Clare's eyes, her cheeks now totally flushed red and sweat covered her brow. Waves of desperation kept passing over her, as she struggled to keep her mind on the exam. Laura stared at Clare with an evil smile on her face. She then heard a noise to her right. Laura had dropped her pen on the floor and had bent over to pick it up. As she bent down, her hand reached across to Clare to steady herself, pressing right on Clare's bladder. Laura picked up the pen and retook her seat, with a sly grin on her face. "Ooops... sorry!" Laura said. She knew the damage that she had done. A jet of pee had released from Clare's peehole under the pressure of Laura's hand. "You did that on purpose!" she whispered over. Unfortunately for Clare, the invigilators had heard this again.
The youngest of the female invigilators this time walked over.
"Right, stand up. I will have to give you an official warning outside. We cannot have talking in the exam room."
Clare froze at this comment. There was no way she could stand up, let alone walk anywhere without losing complete control of her bladder. Her short skirt meant that any further leaks would be blatantly obvious, and on top of her impending warning for talking, she could get in real trouble for wetting herself. Despite this, she gingerly stood up and shuffled out of the exam room, keeping her legs closed as best as she could.
"Right, young lady! Stand up straight!"
With this, the woman gripped the sides of Clare's body to straighten her up from her clenched position. Again, her bladder was compressed during this contact and she gasped loudly and clenched herself to avoid further leaks.
"What's wrong?" the lady asked. At last Clare thought she had come across somebody who sympathized with her situation. She was wrong.
"I'm about to wet myself! I desperately need a wee!" she pleaded.
"What??? An 18–year–old girl who can't control her bladder like a proper young lady?? You should have gone before the exam, shouldn't you! Did you not hear what the chief invigilator said about no toilet breaks in the exam? Besides, I've seen you drink two bottles of water today and none of the others drank a thing. You'll just have to wait."
"You don't understand! I really..." Clare was cut off mid–sentence.
"Silence!" the young woman shouted, taking on a surprisingly stern headmistress tone for one so young. She placed her hand under Clare's chin to raise her head so that she could make eye contact, before announcing "This is an official warning. If you talk again in the exam, your paper will be disqualified. Do you understand?"
"Y–yes" Clare replied nervously. She then shuffled back to her seat, all the time clenching her sphincter muscles and holding her vagina with one hand. It was now 12:15.
"I just can't wait another second!" Clare thought desperately. She had now totally forgotten about the exam, even though she was only halfway through. Then her worst nightmare happened. As she tried with all her might to hold her bladder, Laura leant over to Clare and let go the loudest sneeze that Clare had heard.
The invigilators looked over, by which time Laura was back in her seat, to check that Clare wasn't talking again. The shock of the sneeze was too much to take for her bladder, and she instantly let her bladder go under the effects of the diuretic tablets. A jet of warm pee instantly erupted out, making its way quickly through Clare's tights and short skirt. She could not stop it coming out, and she started to cry silently as she realized that she had wet herself. Wave after wave of pee could be seen gushing out, and the hissing sound that accompanied it could be heard in the silence of the exam room. The invigilators then came over to investigate the event and by the time they reached Clare and Laura, Clare had been pissing on her seat for some ten seconds, her pee splattering noisily on the floor. The young female invigilator was the first to arrive, and she could clearly see a wall of urine dripping from the edge of Clare's chair. She looked at Clare with total disbelief and shock as Clare continued to piss. By this time, she was peeing so forcefully that her tights were now saturated and the pee was just passing straight out onto the floor, with none absorbed by Clare's tights. Laura looked over to Clare with faked similar shock, even though she had made Clare completely wet herself.
"Get up!" the invigilator shouted to Claire. All the students in the hall turned to Clare as she stood up. Clare could not stop pissing, and by now a never ending stream was rapidly leaving her crotch and splattering on to the floor. Gasps and laughter from the other students could be heard as Clare was led away by the invigilator. She left a trail of pee as she was ushered out.
Even outside the exam room, Clare was still peeing in her pants as the invigilator looked angrily at her.
"We cannot have students peeing themselves in exams! How old are you?"
"18" Clare replied shamefully.
"And you can't hold yourself? You're a big girl now! I'm afraid I'll have to take disciplinary action over this" she warned ominously.
Clare started to cry as her stream of pee finally ended. She was then led to the headmistresses' office, where the invigilator knocked on the door and led her and Clare in.
"Mrs. Smith, I have just had to witness one of the most shocking events of my entire life. This girl has just totally wet her knickers in an exam. You should be ashamed of her as I have never witnessed anything as embarrassing in all my time as an invigilator."
"Clare, I am really disappointed in you for this! How could you do such a thing?"
"I don't know, Mrs. Smith. I..." Clare was interrupted again.
"I am suspending you for two weeks for bringing shame on the school, especially in front of the invigilators for our new exam board" the stern headmistress shouted. "Come back when you can learn bladder control!"
"But..."
"Get out of my sight!" Mrs. Smith roared, making Clare hurry out of the office.
By: MC