Making her wait... (Part 1)

By Sean, November 1994

The one girlfriend I managed to introduce to WS was lots of fun. I thought I oughta tell you a.s.f.w folks about some of the things we did. Starting from the start...

We'd been seeing each other for several months, and had a pretty nice sex life happening. One morning we were lying in bed and she mentioned that she had to get up to go do the morning thing. I was playfully trying to detain her from her mission :)

I remember then confessing to her hesistantly that I found it a bit of a turn on when I knew a girl had a full bladder. She didn't understand at all at first. She thought maybe there was something about a girl having a full bladder that made it more pleasureable being inside her-- like some extra firmness during intercourse or something. I finally got it across that it wasn't anything like that, that it was just the sheer knowledge that a girl was really needing to let go.

So she began to gamely try to cater somewhat to this unique interest of mine. She'd tell me she had to pee, and wait a little longer than normal before doing something about it. And she let me watch her sit on the toilet. That was all quite fun but was still not quite hitting the mark as far as I was concerned.

Then one weekend we'd gone to visit her folks for some occasion. We were driving back late Sunday evening. She was still dressed up from whatever family function we'd attended. We decided to grab some beverages for the long 3 hour drive back. She got wine coolers and I got beer.

I suggested she try to wait til we got back to pee and she agreed. But then she set to drinking at only a very moderate pace. I realized she was probably figuring on making sure she wasn't in too much of a predicament. I told her that wouldn't do. I told her to go ahead and drink up and quit worrying about being able to make it. She still seemed a little confused by it all, but she acquiesced, and started pouring the wine coolers down.

The last 15 or 20 minutes of the trip she was definitely getting desperate. She was wiggling up and down in her seat and occasionally making a little "ooo" sound. She's a very pretty girl with a sexy body, and she looked so cute sitting there in her nice clothes still trying to maintain some decorum. She repeatedly expressed a very urgent desire to be home so she could relieve herself. I of course was finding this quite fun and wasn't exactly speeding :)

But then I told her that I wasn't going to take her home to pee. Since we were going to be hitting town after midnite, I figured we could go someplace a little more interesting. I told her we were going to stop at a park near her house and that I'd let her go there, and that I wouldn't take her home until she'd gone outside. Further, I said I wasn't going to let her pull her panties or pantyhose down! She said she didn't know if she'd be able to go like that, but she didn't argue.

She was frantic by the time I pulled over along a dark lane in the park. She leaped from the car as soon as I stopped and darted over near a large bush. She yanked up her skirt and squatted in the grass there, following my instructions and not taking down her undies.

She started peeing immediately. I watched in amazement as she drenched her little panties and hose. Simutaneously I watered another nearby bush.

When we hopped back in the car she was quite concerned about how wet she was. Her inner thighs were soaked and she'd managed to get her ankles a bit too. But we went home and I ripped off her wet clothes and we had fantastic sex, her cool, damp legs wrapped around me, and her pubes soaking wet for *all* the right reasons.

Altho she'd been quite hesistant about things up til this point, now I think she suddenly realized that A. it turned me on a *whole* lot and that was fun B. it was kinda fun just peeing all over the place in some strange way

She was quite a natural after that. More to come some other time...

