Panties
	An Old Post to our group
Posted by Tinker, date unknown 

Hi all, 

Because I fetish the idea of a girl/woman wetting her panties under her skirt, I always react quite opposite as most other people seem to do when it comes to wearing panties. For example, in a lot of stupid movies broadcasted on TV, some vamp wears a short skirt for the first five seconds. All nice. Then the action begins and the first thing she does is either reveiling that she wears no panties or taking her panties off. At that moment I normally switch channels, while the action obviously is meant to turn me on. It turns me OFF. You need to wear panties in order to wet them! 

About the same: after the first five seconds the girl takes off her skirt, reveiling panties or just nothing. Another turn-off, since the skirt is gone. No fun in wetting panties (if you wear them) without a skirt. I just do not find it stimulating to see/hear/read about women wearing no underwear under their skirts, but this seems to be quite a turn-on for many other people. I value the possibility to wet your panties under your skirt above being "ready for sex". 

So I am turned on a LOT by seeing a girl/woman wearing a short skirt, AND panties under it. It will be very nice if she once in a while "makes a mistake" and shows her panties, just to assure they're there :-) I really can watch such an appearance for a long time. Of course, some events are especially suitable for this; tennis matches, drum band parades with majorettes, or the American cheerleader cult. Heck, even the old Star Trek series are very stimulating. They feature probably the most fabulous woman ever to appear in the shortest possible dress: Uhura. Or the later Buck Rogers series, in which the main female character wears a fabulous short white dress. I always laugh about myself when I realise that I am turned on by series suitable for children! 

A few girls have in the past succeeded in turning me really on by wearing short skirts and "by accident" giving me a long clear view of their panties, e.g. by pulling up their legs with knees apart for five minutes while being right in front of me, six feet distance, and talking to me at the same time. I cannot believe they simply forgot about their skirts (they were about 23 years old). Either they just didn't care or wanted me to look at their panties. And no, I didn't react to it. 

All other types of "stimulating" dressing are far behind this short-skirt- and-panties outfit, in my opinion. Tight bodysuits (gymnastics, swim suits, some cheerleaders) are nice (depending on the female in it, of course) but not a turn-on to me, because they lack a skirt. Add a skirt and off I go. Stupid garter belts etc. are just no fun; give me plain panties and bare legs, please. Very tight "shrunk-on" dresses might accentuate the body in it, but are not the nicest. No, just the old-fashioned cheerleader skirt, please. Remember Lassie in Porky's I? Now *that's* what I call a turn on. Until she removed her panties to be fucked in the locker room, that is. 

As a side note, of course, if you want to go from play to real sex, you will have to take off panties. But I am one of those rare people that still believe that they need to love a woman to have good sex with her. I would like it very much to watch a stranger wetting her panties under a skirt, but I would not go to bed with her. So I prefer panties ON. 

My favourite dress code (top to bottom): tight sweater, short and wide skirt allowing to flip up if you turn around quickly, nice coloured panties covering as much as possible (i.e. no tangas and not white, since that reveals less clearly where they are wet), and some tight boots until just below the knee with maybe 1 inch heels or less. The more a type of clothing promotes wetting panties under it, the more I like it. Someone wearing that and casually showing me that she peed her panties could get me almost anywhere. 

Tinker

