Barbara awoke slightly aware that something was wrong– her eyes flicked open, and she was not sitting in a country gateway with her panties round her ankles. She was in bed, with alarm bells sounding in her mind. Her hand went down to her panty crotch to confirm what her waking mind already knew. She had wet the bed!
She had been dreaming that she had been out walking her new baby son Mark around the countryside in his pushchair. She had somehow gotten lost, and was unsure about which way to go to find the quickest way home. Above all she really needed to wee but was unsure of the length of time it would be till she could make it all the way home.
Her need had suddenly become urgent and with her pelvic muscles still weakened by recently giving birth, had been unable to prevent a slow leak from developing.
The afternoon sun was hot and she felt tired, when a wave of necessity swept over her, forcing her to stop and clamp her legs together. She stood with one hand firmly pressing between her legs over her pantied crotch, her fingers holding her pee hole closed.
The suddenly noise of an approaching car forced her to let go and move to the edge of the road. The car was moving too fast for a country road, it came round the bend and the driver saw Barbara and the pushchair, with barely enough time to swerve– just missing her. Although it was the driver's fault he honked angrily.
The shock of the near miss, plus the fright from the loud horn caused Barbara to tense up and releases her control on her pee muscles. To her dismay a spurt of pee saturated the front of her panties– and suspecting the worst she looked round to find that she hadn't been observed. Then to establish the extent of the damage, she pushed her hand up her summer dress between her legs, and found that her fears were confirmed when she felt that her panties had gotten quite wet. She knew now that she could not possibly hold on all the way home. She began to hobble down the road till she came upon a field gateway, and pushed the pushchair off the road. She found a spot where there was a gate adjoining the grass verge. Her hands went up her dress, her thumbs hooked in the waistband of her panties drawing them down to her knees. She had parked the pram so it partly protected her from the road. After one quick look around she squatted. Not wanting to wet her panties she held her hand in front of her pussy to deflect the stream on to the ground. At first, though she was desperate, she could not get started; she closed her eyes and imagined she was in the bathroom at home. That did it– she started to pee, for some reason the expected sound of her pee hitting the ground was not exactly what she had anticipated, which set in motion the thought process that woke her up. Her eyes flew open, taking in not the bathroom door or the sky above but the bedroom ceiling. Her hand also made her aware she was still peeing, and the large wet patch beneath her was spreading and must have reached Ian, her husband sleeping beside her. She could not stop peeing but moved further away from him, to the edge of the bed, thus slowing the widely expanding patch going in his direction.
He would be soon aware that Babs had wet the bed, and what, thought Barbara, would be his reaction? Although from early on in their married life they had played wet games, apart from one occasion neither of them had initiated the role–play by starting with an unplanned pee. The one night that it did happen she remembered well, they had been to a party and she had drank more than she could hold. On arriving home she had slumped out on the bed, and fell asleep. Ian must have undressed her and put her in bed with just her knickers on, and like now, she had wet herself and the bed.
She had awoken with a hangover, guilt ridden, and fearful of Ian's reaction. However– upon waking, although he spoke mockingly to her, addressing her like a naughty young girl, she found out the truth when he playfully pulled her over his thighs as though to spank her wet bum. His huge erection gave him away. Then he teased her by tickling her till she was almost peeing again, all the while telling her that dirty little girls should be punished. She was left titillated until she could not wait to cum and then left frustrated with her wet panties on for the remainder of the day. This teasing inflamed Bab's imagination to the point where her thighs were wet from her excitement, her bottom squirming around in her wet patch.
When at last he entered her with her wet pants still on, his erection filling her, pressing the elastic of her panties along her swollen vagina, they had both found release right away.
That Sunday morning they had stayed in bed and repeatedly fucked till she was raw and when later she had gone to the toilet she could hardly bear to pee. With these thoughts in her mind, she reached for his hand and drew it to her soaking crotch.
When Barbara had been discharged from the hospital, she was advised that it would not be wise to recommence sexual relations for six weeks or more as she had suffered a hemorrhage after the birth.
At first both had been happy with this what with all the extra work, the fear of another incident, plus nether of them wished to appear to have such little self control that they would consider disobeying the doctor's orders. But by the seventh week, the need for one another was beginning to be frustrating, to say the least. Ian, waking to his randy wife's caresses, reacting to her wet state, responded to what he considered a most welcome invitation.
He began by slowly using his fingers in a manner that Barbara had missed for a long time. Tickling her legs wet with her pee and using the tips of his fingernails to trace around the outline of her panties, then drawing them lightly over the folds of her vulva, and making circles around her clitoris.
A new, fresher juice began to flow freely again and added to the pee filled panties. She found it almost impossible to keep her bottom still, as she thrust up to increase the pressure of his touch. He sensed her need and wanted to make this last as long as possible.
He whispered, "What started you off then?" She wriggled some more. "I was dreaming that I was out walking the pram," and she described in great detail the dream. As she talked she could sense his quickening interest, and knew that she was arousing him. He placed his body over hers with his knees in her puddle of pee, his prick sliding along her slit over her wet panties, and said, "Suppose I had come along in the car and saw you there with your knickers around your knees peeing and playing with yourself?" Stirring in arousal, she answered, "I wasn't playing!"
"I bet you were, you naughty, randy girl." His hands were under her playing with her rear hole.
"Suppose I was, and I was nearly there, perhaps unable to wait. What would you have done to me, bundled me into the car, pram and all and made me wait till we got indoors?"
"No! Seeing you there would have been too much," riding his cock now.
"In the car then?" She asked.
"Too little room," he pinched her bottom. "Ever think about what having your bare bum against a five barred gate feels like?"
She felt him slide the wet panties to one side and the length of his prick slowly open her up, filling her. It had been a long time. The feel of her soaked naughty panties, were once more rubbing their elastic over her clit, felt really nice.
" Now" she cried, then "Oh I am going to piss again!"
He began to move more quickly. "Come on pissy pants– water my prick and make it grow," and her pelvic muscles tightened again from the exercise, and gripped his length as he spurted up into her. She was overwhelmed by wave after wave of orgasmic delight, and spurted out both cum and pee all over the bed during her next two orgasms.
Later when Barbara got up to feed the baby, Ian noticed that she washed her hands and sterilized them, but kept her dirty panties on under her housecoat.
What did this portend for further pee games during the remainder of the day?
Undine (Email Welcome... just click on the name)