My Fantasy
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Anon

Sent in by a reader….

This is a story of my favourite fantasy. It seems a very perverted fantasy. I would like to see a young woman dress in school uniform, get desperate and wet herself in front of me. It reminded me of my time back in school, when I first saw a girl get desperate. When I masturbate, I fantasize over young ladies I know, or famous actors….

My fantasy starts with me sitting in an empty classroom by myself. Suddenly, a sexy young woman, dressed in school uniform, enters the room in distress.

“Awwww, I need to piss badly!” she said, grabbing her crotch through her skirt and bending double. I was watching her intently, seeing her desperate. My penis became stiff, and I became rather excited.

“What’s the matter with you, pervert?” she asked.

“If you need to go to the toilet, why didn’t you go?” I said.

“I like to hold my wee until the last possible moment,” she replied. She got out a small bottle of mineral water from her satchel and started sipping from it. Her desperation seemed to get the better of me. I walked over to her and started to touch her sweater. The girl wants to protest but doesn’t…. she’s too preoccupied with her determination to hold her wee. I then went to slowly rub her breasts through the sweater, then slipped it off.

“Please don’t do this, I need to go!” she pleaded.

“I like you in this state,” I said softly as I kissed her tenderly on the lips. I felt the material of her crisp white blouse thoroughly, seeing the vest underneath. She was fidgeting wildly, with one hand grabbing her crotch.

“I want you to lie on the table,” I whispered in her ear. She did so, lying with her back on the table. I leaned over her and slowly undid the buttons of her blouse.

“Please, let me go, I’m so desperate,” the girl continued to plead, whilst fidgeting on the table. I then lay on top of her, pressing on her overfilled bladder. She buckled a bit, trying to drag herself away from me, but I was too strong for her. I kissed her gingerly on the lips. I slid one of my hands under her school skirt to feel up her thighs and rub the gusset of her cotton knickers.

Suddenly, she buckled again, and I felt some wee trickle onto my fingers. The girl starts to struggle.

“Look, let me go, I wanna wee!” she protested.

I felt more squirts, which begin to soak my hand. I got excited even more, and my penis became as stiff as ever.

“I want to touch you,” I said.

The girl managed to struggle free, but stopped short of leaving the classroom to use the toilet, and continued to grab her crotch tightly. Suddenly, she stopped fidgeting and looked down at her legs as she saw the urine flow down her inner thighs. The mini lake was spreading from under her legs. I was so stunned  to watch her skirt get soaked.

After peeing, she lifted her skirt to let me see her soaked knickers, and I could smell the aroma of fresh wee….

I then masturbate myself to a climax, and shoot my spunk over the toilet. Sometimes, I wish I was back at school so I could see girls get desperate on a regular basis….

