Title: The All Day Girls (Story 10)

By: Paul Tester

Chapter 10. Tamzin and Her Boyfriend are Desperate.

Tamzin had never made any secret of the pleasure she got from seeing or hearing about desperate men, and decided that getting a boyfriend who drank a lot of beer would increase her chances of seeing him desperate. Helped by Pauline, who had arranged some foursomes with her boyfriend Jerry and other members of his rugby club, she had started going out with Duncan, a third-year student at the local training college and wing three-quarter in the second fifteen.

After three dates with him, Tamzin had found that he liked to drink pints of bitter, and lots of them, and that he had a smaller bladder that her, about 20% smaller was her estimate, though of course she had no way of telling how badly he was wanting to go when he went for a pee. She had also found that she liked him as a person, and was keen to continue the relationship, and got the impression that Duncan felt the same about her. The only problem they had was that Duncan lived in a hall of residence which had nearly as many restrictions on visitors as Tamzin’s school did, and that Duncan, for unspecified reasons, did not have a car. This, however, she turned to her advantage when she realised there was an important rugby match taking place about 50 miles away.

She bought two tickets and asked Duncan to take her, pointing out that there was no need for him to try and organise a lift from any other club members who might be going, as there was a regular coach service direct to the town. Conveniently, there was a coach that left at 12,30, arrived at 2,15, which would leave them plenty of time to get to the rugby ground, and a return coach that was as convenient, getting them back in town by 8 o’clock. Tamzin had carefully checked the travel arrangements, and could hardly believe how well they suited her plans.

They could meet and have a drink (or two) before leaving, and the coach did not have a loo onboard, so she should see some ‘action’ from Duncan during the journey. If not, there was time for a drink after the game, and a later coach if they stayed longer in the pub, to get really full for the return trip. If everything failed, then she would at least have a day out alone with Duncan.

There was a pub close to the bus station, and they arranged to meet there at 11,30, though Tamzin made sure she was early, as she had been for all their meetings, so it was only 11,25 when they were sitting in the bar with their first pints. Tamzin had set the precedent that she always drank pints of bitter at their first meeting, knowing that male pride would never allow Duncan to drink less that his petite blonde girl friend. Without Tamzin having to push things at all, they had three pints before it was time to walk across the road and get on the coach, making their second visit to the pub loos before leaving. 

The coach was only half full, so, sitting near the back they had no- one opposite them, and even before the coach left, Tamzin had produced two cans of beer from her bag ‘just for the journey,’ Duncan looked a bit askance at this, but as Tamzin popped her can open and took a long drink, he had little choice but to follow suite. ‘Thank goodness for male pride,’ thought Tamzin, ‘if I was worried about my bladder capacity for a journey, I would have no qualms about refusing a drink.’ Even as she thought this, it crossed her mind that they had drunk a lot already, and it was going to be nearly two hours before they could go to the loo again. Well, she was an All Day Girl, so if she was desperate, then Duncan would be worse, which was the object of the exercise, and she was willing to suffer a bit to see him really desperate.

Twenty minutes later, Duncan began fidgeting, moving his legs around, first straightening them, then tucking them back under the seat. Then, a few minutes later, he very deliberately crossed them, something that was not natural, as there wasn’t enough room to do this without him turning partly sideways as he did so. Tamzin was aware of a steadily rising pressure in her bladder, though she was not yet at the leg crossing stage, and she noted his action with some pleasure as it confirmed her expectations, that he would need to pee more that she did. For a time the situation remained stable, with Duncan sitting with tightly crossed legs, but showing no signs of any greater desperation, though Tamzin was aware of her increasing need to pee, and, not wanting to give any indication of this, was sitting with her thighs pressed hard together as the best alternative to crossing her legs.

She was thankful that they were sitting with Duncan by the window, as it was natural for her to look towards the window, but more difficult for Duncan to look to the centre of the coach and see what she was doing. When the coach was caught in a short traffic jam, she could not resist saying that she hoped the heavier traffic was not going to make their journey too much longer, noting with pleasure the tension in Duncan’s voice as her replied. Almost immediately after he casually put his hands in his lap, and then leaned forward slightly, almost accidentally pressing against his cock. There was still another hour before they were due to arrive, and Tamzin could see that she was in for a treat, though she hoped that the pressure in her bladder would not detract from this too much.

It was not much longer before Duncan began to press into his lap more frequently, and then, instead of just pressing down, actually feel for his cock and squeeze it. Still he had not made any reference to his need to pee, and it seemed he was doing his best not to let Tamzin know of his problem, only gripping himself when he felt he might be losing control. Tamzin was observing him closely, trying to conceal her rising excitement at his condition, and also trying to ignore her own increasing desperation.

She had reached the stage where she just had to cross her legs to make her urgent need to pee bearable. Not being as tall as Duncan, she could do this easily, and quite naturally, so he was probably not even aware that she had changed her position. His main concern seemed to be finding ways of crossing his legs even harder, and as he shifted his position and twisted his legs together, so he would push down on his lap. Tamzin was trying to remain outwardly calm as she watched this, imagining how desperately he must want to pee, and how he must be trying to squeeze his cock between his thighs in an attempt to control himself.

She was sure that Duncan was more desperate than she was, so he must be really struggling to contain it now, and all his manoeuvres and cock squeezing were the equivalent of her holding between her legs, which she would only do as a last resort. If Duncan was already at this stage, with at least 45 minutes to go, then he was going to be frantic by the time they arrived. Was he even going to be able to wait that long? And if not, what was he going to do? Her pulse rate increased as she thought about this.

As the next ten minutes passed, Duncan was squeezing his cock more and more frequently, and holding on to it longer each time he did so, until he was virtually holding it all the time. For Tamzin, this was a dream come true, sitting next to a young, attractive man who was obviously and increasingly desperate for a pee, yet was trying to hide this. She had seen enough desperation during the Champion Bladder competition, when girls had less reason to conceal their needs, to know that Duncan was absolutely frantic to pee, fighting with all his strength to control himself. She wanted this to last for ever, or at least the rest of the journey, but Duncan’s body was not up to this. Gripping his cock with both hands, and leaning forward slightly, he turned toward her.

"How much longer before we get there?" he asked. Then, on hearing that it was at least half an hour, "Oh Christ, I’m absolutely desperate for a pee, I really don’t think I can last out that long. I don’t know what I am going to do."

‘Just keep on holding it like you are,’ though Tamzin, ‘you’re doing fine by me. You’re a big boy now, so you just have to hold your pee, and the more openly you do it, the more I am enjoying it, and the more it takes my mind off my own need.’ 

Since he had admitted wanting to pee, Duncan had not made any attempt to hide his desperation, and had been constantly holding his cock with both hands, very obviously squeezing it as hard as he could, occasionally bending forward to hold it even tighter. Tamzin, who had never believed that he would get into such a state, was so excited she was finding it difficult to breathe, and quite impossible to look away, wanting to savour every moment. Was he going to be able to keep this up for another half an hour? she wondered, and what was the alternative. Her answer came in less that five minutes, when Duncan, squeezing his cock with all his might, groaned and then speaking between clenched teeth, 

"It’s no good, I simply can’t hold it back any longer, I have just got to pee somewhere, or I’m going to piss myself. Is there anywhere at all I can go?" he asked despairingly, "or do I have to go on the floor. It’s that or go in my trousers. Oh God! It’s unbearable, I can’t hold it!" The final exclamation accompanied a frantic squeezing of his cock, and bending almost double, indicating a sudden surge of increased desperation. 

Tamzin had been about to say that she could not help him, and that he would have to pee on the floor, when she remembered she still had the empty cans from the beer they had drunk at the start of the journey. Duncan had crushed his to show his strength, though now the way he was squeezing his cock was a more graphic demonstration of his grip, but Tamzin’s was undamaged. She pulled it out of her bag and handed to Duncan. 

"Is this any good? Can you manage to pee in this?"

"I’ve got to, anything is better that going in my jeans. Quick!" He grabbed the can from her, and began struggling to undo his jeans and pull them down while still sitting, frantic to get his cock out and pee, but trying not to reveal what he was doing to other passengers. Fortunately there was no-one sitting opposite or immediately behind them, but Tamzin still leaned forward and turned partly sideways as if to shield him, actually just wanting to get a clear view of him peeing. 

As he pulled his cock out, so a dribble of pee wet the front of his jeans, then he was pointing it at the can and directing a stream of pee through the small opening. Tamzin watched transfixed at the sight of the jet of clear liquid that he was so expertly directing into the can, and when it was nearly full, how he had to squeeze his cock tightly again to stop the flow.

"That’s better, at least it’s let some of the pressure off, but I think I could fill at least two more cans if we had them." He did he jeans up and resumed a more normal sitting position, putting the can in the seat pocket in front of him, "You really saved me there, I though I was going to have to pee on the floor, because I really could not have waited any longer."

The wet patch on the crutch of his jeans, which could only have been caused by a major spurt into his under-pants, as well as the patch where he had splashed the front as he got his cock out, showed very clearly that he had not been exaggerating. He had actually reached the point when he could not hold back his pee any longer, even though it meant he would wet himself in public, something that Tamzin remembered had been considered impossible at the last All Day Girls’ meeting.

His own needs at least partly satisfied, though still wanting to go badly enough to have to keep his legs crossed, Duncan, perhaps belatedly realising that Tamzin had also had a lot of beer to drink, asked her how she was feeling.

"I’m bursting," she replied, "but I could not pee in a beer can, even if we had another one, so I’ll just have to hang on, and hope there is a loo near the coach stop."

Now that she had not got Duncan’s desperation to distract her, Tamzin was acutely aware of just how badly she wanted to pee. While Duncan had been peeing in the can, she had taken to opportunity to uncross her legs and sit with her heel pressed hard between her legs, a last resort holding tactic only marginally less effective that holding herself. This she hoped would be enough to survive the journey without copying Duncan and wetting herself. She had to wait at least 20 minutes, probably more like half an hour, and she was already as desperate as she had ever been.

Sitting on her heel had reduced the desperate, urgent need to let some pee out to a bearable level, but was doing nothing to ease the throbbing, bursting pressure in her bladder. Fortunately Duncan, obviously feeling better now he was not in danger of wetting his jeans, began a conversation, which did something to take her mind of her bladder problems. She responded with more enthusiasm than intelligence, babbling on about anything that came into her head, wanting only a distraction from her bladder agony, and to make the remainder of the journey pass as quickly as possible.

As the reached the outskirts of their destination, Tamzin was not just more desperate than she had ever been, she was more desperate that she had ever though possible. Her need to pee was so urgent that she could only just control it. Even pressing down on her heel as hard as she could, she was still having to clench her bladder muscles shut with all her strength, and felt that the slightest relaxation and she would wet herself. Compounding the frantic need to pee was the agony of her bladder, which felt as if it was going to explode.

Her abdomen was swollen, it felt as if it was bulging out nearly 12 inches, though in actual fact is was much less than this, but still a hard painful swelling. In all of the Champion Bladder contests that she had watched, she had not seen any girl with such a swollen belly. So painful was the rock hard bulge caused by her distended bladder that even the light pressure of loose fitting jeans and high waisted knickers was almost unbearable. At that moment she would have given anything to have been allowed to pee, and even briefly considered simply giving up and wetting herself, but in her heart she knew she could not. 

‘It can’t be more that five minutes now, so I simply must hold on,’ she told herself. ‘If I really clench myself shut I can keep control of my pee, and I’ll just have to bear the pain a bit longer.’ She wanted to pee so frantically it really was taking all her strength to keep it back, even bearing down on her heel as hard as she could, and she thought that if the need got any worse she would not be able to hold it. Similarly, the slightest relaxation and she would wet herself, so she pressed her hand between her legs to see it this would help her keep control. The fractional improvement was enough for her to keep it there, and she did not care who saw, and that was better than wetting her jeans.

Not surprisingly, Duncan noticed, and rather obviously asked her if she was desperate.

"Absolutely bursting," Tamzin replied, "I’m only just going to make it, and if there isn’t a loo at the bus station I’m really going to be in trouble."

She shut her eyes and concentrated exclusively on holding back her pee, telling herself that it was only a few more minutes. Only when Duncan nudged her and announced they were there did she pay attention to the world again. The coach was about to turn into the bus station.

"Loos, Duncan," she said, "Look out for the loos, I literally don’t have a second to spare, I absolutely must pee as soon as possible." Tamzin was also frantically scanning the bus yard, trying to shut her mind to the awful possibility that there wasn’t a loo there. As the coach began manoeuvring into a parking bay, Duncan pointed out of the opposite window, 

"There Tam! Over in the far corner, there’s the loo." 

He was right, she had been looking the wrong way, and completely missed it. It was one of the modern ‘Tardis’ type, which meant she would need some change to get it open, and she began fumbling for her purse with her left hand, not daring to take her right hand from between her legs. The thought of how close the loo was had made her want to go even more, something she had not thought possible without her wetting herself, and she needed every ounce of her strength to hold it. 

Duncan handed her some money, "It will probably be 10 or 20 pence, here’s enough change to make sure you can get in."

The coach had reversed into its parking bay, and the driver opened the door. Without any thought of preserving her decorum, Tamzin was hurrying down the aisle, not caring if she was pushing other passengers out of the way, not caring if any of them noticed that she was holding her crutch, thinking only of getting to the loo as quickly as possible. Every second it took was one nearer disaster, and she really was not going to be able to hold her pee much longer. She would have run across the bus yard if she could, but agony of her distended bladder made it difficult to even walk, and she had to keep holding her crutch. 

As she neared the ‘Tardis’ she began to panic. How did she get into the thing? She had never used one before, and this was not the time for reading instructions. What if it was broken? There was so much more to go wrong than in an old-fashioned ladies with cubicles. If she could not get into this thing, she was going to have to squat behind it and pee, she couldn’t walk any farther looking for a loo.

About 3 paces from it, all her questions were answered as the door opened and a fat middle-aged woman came out. Pushing past her as she dithered outside the loo, Tamzin was inside before the door could shut, clutching between her legs with both hands to fight back the extra surge of urgency brought on by anticipation of the pee to come. She didn’t even try to work out how to lock the door, the only thing she could think about was getting her jeans down and letting her pee go. She held her crutch left handed while she undid her belt and zip, then, in one movement, pulled down jeans, tights, and knickers together and dropped onto the loo.

Her first spurt of pee was involuntary before she touched the seat, then she relaxed and let the rest come pouring out. It wasn’t until after the initial surge of relief was over that she remember she ought to time herself, and looked at her watch. Her pee just kept on and on, and oh what a relief it was as her swollen bladder emptied. As she squeezed the last drops out, she checked her watch again. Only 50 seconds? Then she realised it was 1 minute 50 seconds, longer than she had ever peed before, and that time did not include the initial blast. It must have been a 2 minute pee, no wonder she had been desperate.

As she came out the loo, Duncan was standing in front of the door.

"You forgot to lock the door," he told her, "so I have been making sure nobody interrupted you. My turn now." 

He also just managed to get in before the door shut, leaving Tamzin to compose herself and get used to being able to relax again, with nothing worse than a stomach ache from her ordeal.

Duncan made no reference to their desperation until after the match, which had been exciting and well worth seeing. As they were waiting for the coach home, he suggested they had better just have a coffee, and keep the drinking until after the coach journey, as they didn’t want a repeat of the earlier one. Tamzin thought that there was quite a lot of that journey she would love to see again, but there was no chance of getting Duncan desperate again that day.

She wondered if she should make some further comment about how desperate they had been, but before she could think of anything suitable, Duncan had changed the subject. Well, it did not matter, they still had an evening together to look forward to, and if Duncan kept up his drinking she was sure to see him desperate again. And what a tale she was going to have to tell the All Day Girls at the next meeting.

