Jenna arrived at my condo at 2:00 pm to watch a football game. Jenna and I worked together for a couple of years, but never dated. She was the classiest and best–looking female in the company, and was widely known for being unapproachable. When she arrived, dark–haired Jenna was wearing a black t–shirt and a pair of designer jeans that laced up in the front like a pair of tennis shoes. After watching a few minutes of the game and drinking a beer, she got a very odd look on her face.
"Jenna, is something the matter?"
"Well, I was with a friend named Erick before I came here. We were drinking at a bar for a couple of hours. I wanted to leave, but he wanted to talk in his car. As soon as we got in his car, be starting hitting on me. I couldn't believe he was trying to undo my jeans, so I pulled the strings really tight and left. Well, now I can't get them undone. I wondered if you could help me, because I drank a few beers and ... you can guess the problem that is going to occur." "Sure", I said, and went to work on a very tight knot. After working on the knot for 5 minutes or so, I noticed that Jenna was fidgeting while closing and opening her legs.
"Maybe we can just cut the string."VShe laughed, "No, you dummy, I just paid $95 for these jeans, and I don't want to ruin them."
"OK, hold still, so I can get this thing untied." After fighting with the knot for a few minutes, I decided to run out to the garage to get a pair of pliers. Pliers in hand, I happened to look in the window of the rec room before coming back in and saw that unflappable Jenna had her right hand between her legs and was clutching her crotch with three fingers.
Hearing me coming back in, she quickly removed her hand and picked up her beer. "Do you have to pee now, Jenna?" I asked.
"Tom, I'm fine – what a disgusting question to ask."
After another 3 minutes of battling the knot, I finally managed to untie it. To my amazement, Jenna quickly loosened the laces of her jeans and slid her right hand inside her jeans. "You really do have to pee, don't you?"
"Yeah, a little bit – I'm so embarrassed, but I haven't been able to use the restroom for 5 hours and, you know – promise you will never mention this to anyone."
"Well, the bathroom is upstairs on the right."
Jenna got a really odd look on her face and said, "Maybe you could help me take off my jeans."
"You are messing with me, aren't you Jenna?"
"No, Tom I'm completely serious."
"Why are you asking me to do this?"
"Because if I take my hand away, bad things could happen. Jenna peeing her pants – unbelievable concept, no?"
I took off her shoes and started to slide her jeans off. As I pulled off the jeans, I could see that she actually had her hand inside her tiny bikini panties.
Embarrassed, she immediately took her hand out of her panties. I could see that her panties were still dry, but that she was in extreme agony and very close to peeing. "Are you OK, Jenna?" She told me to pull off her t–shirt, too. "Why?"
"Because it is an expensive designer shirt, and I don't want anything to happen to it."
"OK!"
Now she was standing in front of me wearing nothing but panties with her right hand grabbing her crotch. I started to laugh, and she said, "Where is the bathroom, jackass?"
"Upstairs on the right."
"Oh, isn't there one down here?"
"Nope."
Jenna walked out of the room towards the stairs, then made a little crying noise and immediately came back into the rec room.
"What's the matter, Jenna?"
"I'm OK, just let me sit on the bed for a second, and then I will be able to climb those stairs up to the bathroom." Jenna climbed into the bed on her knees with her hand still covering her crotch.
Almost immediately she lay down in the bed on her back with a two–handed death grip on her crotch. She was writhing on the bed, rocking back and forth, continuing to claim that she was OK. Assuming that she was close to losing it, I walked upstairs to the bathroom and grabbed a towel. When I returned, I pulled her hand away from her crotch and could see a little spot of wetness.
"I tried and tried to hold it, but it hurt so badly and a little pee leaked out, but I'm OK now."
I placed the towel under her and said, "Jenna, you need to take off your panties now and let out some pee."
"No, I can't do that in front of you, I'll be OK if I just put my hand inside my panties." She put her hand inside her panties. I could see through the wet part of the thin cotton panties that she had one finger inside her vagina.
Just then she made another little crying sound, and the crotch of her panties became wetter, and a little pee leaked onto the towel. "OK, OK, you can take them off, because they're wet anyway. You can believe this if you want, but I am 22 years old and have never been with a guy before with my underwear off." I slowly pushed her forward, so that she was on her hands and knees on the bed. I slid the panties over her round butt, and then pulled them back into place.
"Are you sure about this?"
"Yes, yes, pull off my panties Tom – I'm dying!" Finally, I slid the panties over her butt and down her slender legs.
Jenna was now completely naked with her head on the pillow, her butt in the air, and both hands on her crotch. I moved her hands away from her crotch, and lightly rubbed the wet panties against her crotch, turning her on immensely. "I can't hold it, I can't hold it – I am going to pee," she screamed. She was rocking back and forth frantically and periodically closing her legs. Her vagina lips were swollen and closed tight, even when she opened her legs.
"Hold on Jenna, I have to open you or there will be pee everywhere."
"Don't touch me."
"Jenna, I have to open you so you can pee in the towel."
"OK, I guess, but be careful." I used one finger to open the tightly closed lips of her vagina.
"Tom, what are you doing?" she blurted out. Without answering, I slowly stretched her with two fingers to reveal her clit and a tiny little vaginal opening.
Her clit was almost 1/2 inch long and was fully erect. I managed to force open her vagina, as it was really tight. I could see her little pee hole contracting, as she made a last desperate attempt to hold on. Almost immediately, she released a couple of drops of pee, and then stopped. "I'm in agony."
I said, "Let out a spurt of pee, Jenna – you will feel better".
"I can't, I'm too nervous." I put some saliva on my finger and began to slowly rub my finger from behind her clit to her little hole, again and again, careful to never touch her clit or enter her hole. After about a minute she released a little stream of pee that ran directly down her throbbing clit and hit the towel.
"Pee again, Jenna, I know you are still hurting." A couple more streams of pee rolled down her clit, as she began to moan and rock back–and–forth uncontrollably. Her legs were shaking and her vagina was rhythmically contracting, as she was hit with a wave of orgasm. Tiny spurts of pee were shooting out with each contraction. I was so turned on that I pulled down my zipper and released my erect penis. She saw it and got a very troubled look on her face.
"It's too big to go in, too big, too big. I never told you this, but this is my first time." I could see that her vagina was not lubricated very well, probably because she was so nervous. I guided my erect penis from behind to the edge of her little hole and tried to push it in.
"It hurts, it hurts," she cried.
"Let out a little pee, Jenna" I said. As she did this, it provided enough moisture for my penis to enter her. As my penis entered her again and again, she let out little spurts of pee.
By: Tom