In The Queue
	Bursting for a pee, Maria has to queue behind Gina...
Author: GeorgieH

It's amazing, isn't it? You can grow up -- and I mean nearly three decades up -- without giving something more than a passing thought. And not even really a passing thought -- you hear about something and it just has no effect on you at all, as if it's something that simply has no meaning or relevance for you.

Even more strangely, the topic is something that I must have come up against before in my life -- when young, if no other time -- or perhaps I should say that the circumstances which led up to my sudden realisation must have happened before. Up to a point, anyway.

I'm rambling, aren't I? Why? Nervousness, I suppose. It's still very new and I'm still finding it hard to get my head around it all. Perhaps I should just shut up -- so to speak -- and tell you all what happened.

It was a faulty signal that did it. I was standing there on the mercifully deserted railway station platform hoping against hope that my train wouldn't be late, wondering whether I would have time to make myself a snack when I got home before tiredness overcame me, and the noticeboard started flashing the dreaded word 'delayed'.

I groaned aloud and followed that with a loud 'fuck!', my normal reserved nature being subsumed by the fact that I was desperate to get home at the end of a long day, and that I'd just come from the wine bar where I'd consumed the best part of a bottle and a half of Pinot Grigio. My train journey took no more than ten minutes and the walk from my local station to home was just five minutes, but any delay now was going to cause me a bit of discomfort as well as annoyance. Not to put too fine a point on it, I was already feeling a certain amount of pressure building in my bladder. It wasn't exactly chilly out -- a typical summer's night in England, in fact -- but I only had thin cotton panties on under a summery dress and the temperature was relatively cool.

I wasn't exactly hopping about by the time the noticeboard replaced 'delayed' with a new estimated arrival time, but when I checked with my watch and realised that I would be waiting there for at least another fifteen minutes I groaned aloud again, one hand straying to a belly which was starting to feel decidedly full.

I gave myself a little press and realised immediately that while I could have kept control for the original fifteen minute journey, I was in no way confident that I could manage to hold everything in for an extra fifteen minutes as well.

I checked my watch again, trying to estimate how long it would take to get to the wine bar, have the much-needed pee, and get back to the station. I was just about to set off at a trot, heels or not, when I let out another groan as I realised that any journey back to the bar would be pointless -- they had been about to close when I left.

There was no panic when I started to try to picture whether there were any other bars within trotting distance of the station, but when I realised that there weren't a small shiver did make me start to fret a little. The panic only started when I glanced back at the noticeboard to find that it had changed once more and was apologetically stating that my train would now be arriving in half an hour.

The very realisation that I wouldn't get to my flat for at least forty-five minutes seemed to increase the bladder pressure alarmingly. I gave the station platform a pointless, desperate look -- there was no-one else there right now but equally there was nowhere I could hide and squat. I just knew if I tried someone would be bound to appear...

'Of course!' I exclaimed as my mind finally managed to furnish me with the solution. There might not be any bars close by, but there was a public loo just next to the library. It was one of those plastic cabin things that you operated with a fifty pence coin and the last time I had used it, a few weeks before, it had been in dire need of a clean. But it was a loo!

My mind, over-confident after remembering the public lavatory, decided to remind me that I would need change and probably didn't have any, but a swift rummage through my little purse proved it to be an unrealistic pessimist as I located no fewer than three coins.

I still had twenty seven minutes before my train was due -- plenty of time now -- and I started to walk purposefully towards the library rather than run.

Even when I turned the corner a few yards away from my destination and saw another woman waiting outside the plastic kiosk I wasn't too concerned. I took the last steps slowly and offered a smile along with the traditional raised eyebrows which translated as something along the lines of 'silly me, should have gone before I left'.

The woman returned the smile. 'Shouldn't be long,' she offered, 'I think I saw someone going in when I turned the corner and that was a couple of minutes ago.'

'I'm sure I can wait a couple of minutes,' I told her, trying not to look at the little 'engaged' sign that was lit up beside the cubicle door.

About three minutes later I was less confident when I asked her whether she was sure there was someone in there.

'I'm almost positive I saw someone going in,' she said, 'and the little light's on...' She paused, 'But there again,' she added, 'I must say I'm getting a bit... well, anxious myself.'

'I know what you mean. You think it would be rude to knock?'

'Under the circumstances, I think that's a good idea. I'll do it. I'm Gina, by the way.'

'Maria,' I told her, watching as she rapped lightly on the plastic door.

When there was no reply, Gina leant close to the door, knocked louder and called 'excuse me!'

Another silence followed and we exchanged worried looks. Gina reached into her pocket and pulled out a fifty pence coin. With a shrug she tried to push it into the coin slot but I could see at once that it wouldn't slide in.

When Gina tried to knock the coin in with the side of her hand, I put a hand on her shoulder, 'Careful! That could hurt!'

'Maria, I'm in a fair bit of pain here already, I have to admit it. To put it bluntly, I'm getting desperate.'

'You're not the only one,' I told her, shifting my weight from foot to foot, 'Even a queue of one person was a bit worrying and that was a few minutes ago.'

Gina rapped loudly on the door again, 'Hello? Anyone in there? Two desperate ladies out here!' She glanced at me, mouthing 'sorry', and then hammered on the door again.

I put my hand on her arm, even the gentle gesture sending a worrying pulse through my over-stretched bladder. I'd thought I would have had time to get home until the train was delayed but even though the original length of time hadn't passed yet, I was now bursting. 'Gina, I don't think there's anyone in there.'

'So what are we going to do?'

I was about to say something about finding somewhere quiet where I could stand guard for her before she did the same for me when voices came from the main road and two clearly half-drunk men in business suits staggered past just a few yards away, offering 'compliments' to us as they did so. I scanned the street in desperation, taking in the sheer walls of the library and the warehouses beyond and opposite it. Back the way I had come there was a wide, open stretch of grass in front of the station but the other way...

'Gina? Look I know it's not perfect but there's the little bit of woodland just before the shops start. Surely we can sneak in there somewhere? I'll stand guard for you if you do the same for me.'

The woman turned from the door, already nursing what would surely be nasty bruises on her hand in the morning, 'Good plan. Let's get there fast.... Oh...'

She'd only taken two steps before stopping in her tracks. 'Gina, what is it? What's wrong?'

She turned panicked eyes to me, 'Maria?' she said softly, almost disbelievingly, 'I don't think I can get that far.' Her eyes dropped towards the jeans she was wearing.

I immediately understood what she meant. And as soon as that comprehension washed over me I felt the most overpowering pulse shudder through me, coming within a fraction of making me lose control myself. I swallowed hard, 'Hold on...'

Gina's eyes came back up to mine, 'Oh heck, Maria, I'm not sure I can! What am I going to do?'

I stared back, stared at the street behind her, the occasional voice, the occasional passerby. We were trapped and the realisation shuddered through me. I grabbed at Gina's arm, 'Look, I don't think either of us are going to make it now but there is no way we can go back towards the main road. So what are we going to do? Help me here, Gina!'

Her eyes flashed towards the main street and the individuals who were wandering past, the occasional jeer or whistle aimed in our direction. She grabbed my arm and pulled me against wall beside us, 'Maria!' She was shaking her head, 'I don't think we can go anywhere now...' she glanced down again at her jeans.

My eyes followed hers before looking back into her own eyes. 'What... what are you saying?' I asked, already starting to know the answer.

'We can't let anyone see that we're... we need... I mean...'

'You mean we just stand here and make it look like we're friends chatting?'

Gina looked so desperately grateful that I apparently understood her, 'Oh, Maria! Do we have a choice?'

It was my turn to look down at where my bladder was becoming so very painful. Together with a realisation of our predicament and of Gina's desperate plan, another realisation shuddered though me. This whole episode was starting to make me feel aroused -- and I suddenly wanted, in my slightly tipsy way, to find out exactly what it would feel like... 'Gina... I don't believe we do have a choice and I think if we just stand here like you said, then no one but me or you would ever be any the wiser.'

'Do you really think we could get away with it?'

My hand had been pressed to my lower belly in an effort to help me contain the pressure, but at her words, I pulled it away and held it by my side. 'Gina,' I said softly, 'There's only one way to find out.'

'You really mean it?'

I nodded, taking one of her hands and pressing it against my thigh where my short dress met bare skin, 'If you don't believe me, shall I prove it?'

'Oh, Maria...' Gina was facing both me and the street behind me. She glanced that way before grabbing my right hand and pressing it against the front of her jeans, 'Together?'

I nodded, pulling Gina's hand to the top of my thigh, 'Count of three?'

'Better make it two,' she gave a half-laugh, 'One...'

'Two!' I managed, my eyes opening in shock even as I let the first dribble out of me.

It was another couple of seconds before I felt the wetness creep through Gina's jeans but when I did I let go completely, my pee building for a moment in my panties before coursing out, flooding Gina's fingers and my legs. In reaction, Gina whimpered and I felt a surge of wetness. My fingers pressed harder against her involuntarily and my eyes opened even wider as I felt my arousal levels surge.

'Gina!' I managed, 'Oh yes...'

Her eyes were opening wider and wider as she clearly felt something very similar. One of her fingers twitched hard against my soaking wet front and I gave a whimper that was throaty and deep. I responded with a more obvious rub of my own, my fingers probing at her pee-soaked jeans and the obviously aroused pussy so close behind it.

I was barely aware of Gina's hand slipping under the front of my saturated dress and down the front of my panties. My back was firmly turned against the street but by now that was more by chance than design. To my shock and delight I was rapidly approaching climax and my addled brain could only remind me that I had already peed right there in the street so why not come as well? Gina's eager look took me a few notches higher but when I tried to slip my hands down the front of her jeans she only smiled and shook her head.

She whispered quickly, softly, 'No need, Maria. If you climax that will be plenty for me.'

The last word had barely left her lips when the first wave hit me and I shoved the knuckles of my free hand into my mouth to stifle the groans as I started to climax. When Gina's fingers slipped into me I bucked and trembled for what seemed like an eternity, each wave of climax sending me higher and higher.

I lost focus of everything until I seemed to almost come to a minute or three later. 'Oh, wow!'

Gina's finger slipped from my pussy and I focused on her smile as she licked her lips. 'That, Maria,' was a most wonderful surprise.'

'You're telling me,' I managed.

Gina looked over my shoulder, shrugged and grabbed a bag from the tiny gap to the left of the cubicle. From inside it, she pulled a skirt, undid her jeans and pushed them down to her knees along with the tiny panties she wore underneath, before expertly flipping the skirt around her waist and preserving her modesty as quickly as imaginable.

'I, er, 'don't suppose you have another one in there do you?' I asked, holding the damp skirt of my dress.

'Another?' Gina replied, her attitude suddenly so very different. 'No, I always come prepared just for myself. And never for sexy but silly young women like yourself.'

'Silly?' I would leave the 'sexy' for later consideration.

'Oh, yes,' Gina grinned. 'Silly enough to not even think to get a taxi when they're that desperate to get home.'

I watched, dumb-struck, as Gina shoved her soaking-wet jeans into the bag, spin on her heel and wander off down the street.

Two weeks later I came out of the same wine bar at the same hour after the same amount of wine. I got to the station at the same time as a fortnight before and was rewarded by the rail company's same inefficiencies and the same half hour delay.

I left the station and walked towards the same library and the same outdoor lavatory. I paused at the corner and saw the same figure waiting outside and I walked quickly up to her. Before she could speak I said the same thing as I had two weeks before.

'I'm sure I can wait a couple of minutes.'

Gina's brow furrowed for a second or two before she started to smile. 'I'm almost positive I saw someone going in,' she said, just as she had before.

'We'd better wait, then,' I said, wandering from precedent. I put a carrier bag down beside the cubicle and gave Gina the biggest, broadest smile. 'I'm already bursting,' I told her.
