Aleen cuddled into Bob as the previews for the movie finished. Together they watched the video and sipped glasses of coke. Aleen downed her first one quickly as she was thirsty, refilled her glass and started sipping. About halfway through the movie Aleen started feeling her bladder get to the uncomfortable stage and got up to go to the loo. Bob grabbed her, pulling her into his lap and began kissing her. They kissed for a while as Aleen's bladder kept filling with all the coke they had been drinking and was feeling really overfull. She broke the kiss and went to get up again. "Where you going baby?" Bob asked pulling her back down onto his lap. Aleen winced as his arm constricted her bladder. "I have to pee." She told him and started to get back up. He pulled her down again onto his lap. "Wait till the end of the movie sweetie. You're a big girl." She decided to just wait the rest of the movie and then go. Over the next 5 minutes her bladder became painfully full. She accidentally let go a teeny bit and a little spurt escaped, making her gasp quietly. She held on with great difficulty during the rest of the movie, though letting go with little spurts every once in a while, until finally her muscles were really cramped from holding so long. She got up and suddenly her muscles totally gave way and piss started pouring down her legs under her skirt. 
She clamped her hands to her pussy and ran for the bathroom, piss cascading over her hands, down her legs and onto the carpet behind her. She didn't know the layout of Bob’s house and got herself lost. He was right behind her enjoying the show. After watching her desperately beg to be told where the bathroom was while trying to stop the flow of pee still pouring down her legs against her control, he finally showed her where it was. Finally she got to the loo, managing to slow the flow to a mere trickle and tore down her knickers, which were already soaked to her ankles as she sat down on the toilet and let go. Her flow was incredibly hard pouring out of her poor aching bladder into the water. Her panties were soaked and she rung them out and put them back on, totally humiliated, and then just went home.
Sweet Panty Girl next Sweet Panty Girl story