When Nature Calls
	Lovers get wet in more ways than one.
Author: BarefootDru

"OH SHIT!!! I CAN'T STAND THIS MUCH LONGER!!!"

Trish's face again looked out the window hoping to find a tree she could hide behind to piss. But once again all she saw was the emptiness of the desert. "Please, don't you see anything?"

"No, Baby, there's nothing."

Trish leaned her head back on the car seat and groaned again. This was truly the Highway from Hell. The first gas station bathroom they passed, which now seemed like hours ago, had someone in it who was just taking her sweet time, despite Trish's begging to hurry up. The second bathroom, much time and urgency later, had "out of order" signs on the women's and men's (yes, Trish had considered going in that one) bathrooms.

"Oh, god, Oh, god, oh gaawwd." Trish groaned loudly.

"SHIT!!! SHIT!!! SHIT!!!!!!" Trish cried out, as it was apparent that God wasn't listening. Trish felt her eyes welling up. She would have bit her lip still more, except she was beginning to think it was now bleeding.

"Hang in there Babe, we'll find something."

Suddenly, Kara veered the car to the shoulder and quickly pulled to a stop. Trish looked hopefully out her window, and saw low rising desert palms lying about 100 feet away.

"YOU DOPE, I CAN NEVER MAKE IT TO THERE!!!" Trish, didn't like yelling at her lover, but this was extreme circumstances.

With her hope dashed and Kara safely stopped and off the road, Trish knew she had to do it now, her last ounce of self-control was just about used up. Quickly she kicked her flip-flops off, pulled her shorts and panties off and threw them onto the car floor and pushed them aside with her left foot. She was just barely able to get herself to the edge of her car seat and spread her legs fully, before a hot stream shot furiously out of her. She leaned her head back on the car seat and closed her eyes. It was coming out now, but still the pressure hurt. "I'm sorry, Kara," Trish, ever polite, said humbly, fully aware of the mess she was making, but feeling so much better now that it was coming out. She knew that her shorts and panties would soon be soaked, but she was past the point of caring.

After what seemed like a minute or two, Trish opened her eyes and was taken aback to see Kara's face inches from where the piss was coming out. Trish still had some way to go before completely voiding, but the sight of her lover staring at her down there jolted her into stopping. Fortunately, the amount she had left to do, while still quite a bit, was quite controllable. Kara had seen Trish naked so many times before, but never while pissing/shitting, which Trish viewed as private things to be done alone. Trish felt awkward.

"Kara, what the fuck are you doing?"

"Trish, I am like so wet now." Then without waiting for a reply, Kara got on her knees and turned so she could face Trish, then bent over and grabbed Trish's left leg with a sense of urgency that was almost palpable. Knowing where this was headed, but also knowing full well that it couldn't be done, Trish, being the good sport that she was, sighed and turned to her left so she could face Kara. Seeing Kara so driven with desire, Trish felt the only way Kara would be convinced her mouth couldn't reach Trish's pussy without opening the car doors, would be to actually attempt to try it. Obligingly, she helped Kara place her left leg on one side of Kara's neck so that it rested on Kara's shoulder, then she did the same for the other leg so that it rested on the other side.

She then scooted forward and raised her butt up as far as it could go. With her head and neck now leaning very uncomfortably against the car door, she saw Kara repositioning both of their bodies this way and that, as Kara strained to bridge the impossible gap between her mouth and Trish's pussy. Kara felt tenderly sympathetic to Kara's quixotic attempts for contact, while at the same time becoming quite turned on that her lover wanted to take her so bad. Still, it was now time to accept the reality of the situation and Trish felt Kara was finally ready.

"Kara, silly, this isn't going to work. This car is just way too small and the roof's too low. We have to find a motel."

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!!!" Kara shouted in exasperation as she gently slid Trish's legs off her shoulders. Soon a quite heavy foot was applied to the gas as the car squealed off the shoulder. 70, 80, 90, mph quickly came—and went. Holy Shit, thought Trish. Desire wasn't the right word, need was much closer to what Kara was feeling.

"Hey, Babe, you are aware that my pussy isn't going anywhere?'"

"Just look for a motel!"

Trish thought that the cops out here really have nothing better to do than to give motorists speeding tickets. She started to imagine being pulled over with an officer peering through the window, asking, "Do you ladies have any good reason for going so fast?."

"Why as a matter of fact, officer, we do," Kara imagined herself replying. "You see, my girlfriend here, saw me moments ago completely lose control of my body and give in to Nature's call, and as a result she's now completely on fire and has to get me to a motel room as soon as possible."

"Happens all the time."

"Oh, officer, I'm glad you're so understanding! Now you can just tear up that ticket you started—" Suddenly, reality intruded and Trish's eyes spotted a small town rapidly approaching with what appeared to be a rather seedy looking motel on the left.

"A motel! On the left!"

"Where?!! I don't see it."

"Right there!" Trish pointed with her left hand.

Just as it was passing, Kara spotted it in time, and made a sharp left turn as the car's wheels squealed loudly enough to wake up the whole town, had it been night time. It almost spun out of control, but Kara was able to keep that from happening as the car roared into motel's parking lot, the lot's speed bumps and the car's fast speed making Trish bump her head against the car's ceiling. OUCH!!

"You're going to kill us both just cuz you can't control your lust!" Trish blurted out. Trish immediately partially regretted saying it as she knew how lust can be, how urgent it can be with its demands for instant gratification. Not all that different from an overly-filled bladder that feels like it might explode. Still, Kara was taking significant risks in satisfying her need.

Kara's mind was still one-track though as she turned sharply into an open parking space. She quickly put the car in park, took her seat belt off and opened the door.

"Wait, Kara! Let me change into some fresh clothes." But it didn't look like Kara heard her, as she was already half-way to the motel's lobby. Now while they did have clothes packed in their backpacks in the trunk, Trish realized that she would have to put on her urine-soaked panties and shorts to get outside to the trunk anyway and then go back to the car and change, so she just gave up on the idea of putting fresh clothes on, as she didn't want to keep Kara waiting that long.

Opening the car door she wrung out her shorts and panties as best she could and then put them back on inside the car. It was quite an unpleasant feeling. Oh well, thought Kara, it's like the song they had heard on the radio a few hours back, "The Things We Do for Love." Quickly putting her wet flip-flops back on, she ran to catch up to Kara. We can come back for our stuff later; Kara comes first.

She went into the motel's lobby and waited some distance from the check-in desk, as she saw Kara completing the registration card. Thankfully the urine smell wasn't all that strong, but still there was no way she was approaching the counter. She saw that motel was called "the Yucca Springs Motel," which made her wonder what yuccas have to do with springs. Actually, it was a rather seedy place, dirty and unkempt, and "yucky" seemed way more appropriate than "yucca." She half-expected to see Norman Bates checking Kara in. It also kind of looked like a place truckers would come to at night looking for desperate and/or drug-addicted women to exploit. I'll satisfy Kara and then hopefully we'll leave this creepy place as soon as possible, she thought.

Returning her gaze toward Kara, she saw her reach quickly into her wallet and toss out what appeared to be 5 $20 bills, as the clerk hand her the key cards. Kara grabbed the cards and turned quickly to go. "Wait, don't you want your change?" the clerk asked. Without even bothering to turn around, Kara shouted back, "Hold it for me, we'll be back later!" "I won't be here later." "Give it to the maid then! It's obvious they're not paid enough at this place!"

Kara was now in front of Trish, looking at her, with a look that suggested anguished longing to Trish. "Room 105, just 4 doors down," Kara said, "Here's your room card." Trish walked fast just to keep up, hoping that Kara at least had the presence of mind to request a nonsmoking room. As they approached the door and Trish saw the sign of cigarette with a red-line through it on its door, Trish was relieved that she did—fucking in a room reeking of tobacco was such a turn-off to Trish.

There were 2 beds in the room, but obviously they just needed one. Kara went to the one furthest from the window, and pulled the top quilt, blanket and sheet back. "Kara, I have piss all over me from my waist to my toes. Can I at least take a quick shower?"

"NO!!" Well Trish kind of expected that answer anyhow. Kara was rapidly taking all her clothes off, so Trish started to take hers off too, starting with the shorts and panties. It felt good getting those off. She started to take her shirt and bra off too, but then heard Kara say, "Leave those on. Just get on top of me." Kara was completely undressed and lying on the bed.

Trish got on her knees on top of her lover, lying so beguiling beneath her, with one leg on each side of Kara's body. She wasn't in contact with Kara's body as she wanted to wait for the piss to dry on her legs. She was now in for a bit of a shock.

"Trish, I want you to piss on me." Kara spoke softly. "What??!!." "I want you to piss on me!."

Trish looked at Kara's face, and this time the anguish was quite clear. Then she looked at Kara's tits and saw they were as hard as they could get.

"Kara, this is crazy, even for you. I don't want to degrade—"

"PLEASE!!!"

Trish looked again and saw that Kara was biting hard on her forefinger, which was turning white. She took the finger out of Kara's mouth. She saw Kara's anguished look again. Then she took her hand and stroked her face and softly touched her hair. "Okay, Baby, I will." She lightly kissed Kara's lips and the tension eased in Kara's face. Yes, the things we do for love. And out of Love for another.

Trish felt that she was responding to some primordial, subterranean sexual need within Kara's brain, one connected to the satisfaction of bodily needs. Oh, Babe, I can't refuse that, she thought. She still held a lot of piss within her, and was now determined to have every last drop land on Kara's body.

Trish let go, and her piss came out fast. Trish moved it to wetten different areas as she reached back with her right hand to find Kara's pussy. It was sopping wet. She's going to cum hard and fast, Trish thought, as her fingers sought out and found Kara's throbbing clit, and started stroking in and around it. With her other hand, she reached for Kara's left nipple and started stroking and pinching it. She then massaged Kara's breasts, even though both now had piss on them. This might take a while to get used to, Trish thought. Then again with Kara writhing emphatically beneath her and moaning so loudly, it shouldn't be too hard. In fact, I'm ready right now to find out what my own piss tastes like, she realized.

Wanting to suck on Kara's still very taut nipples, she moved her body down Kara's, so she was now pissing on Kara's legs. Well, I'm sure they wanted some too, she thought. Taking her fingers out of Kara's pussy had caused Kara to whimper a bit; don't worry, Baby, they'll be back. Repositioned, Trish's mouth descended upon Kara's tits, kissing and licking her breasts, and gently biting on and then sucking her nipples, while Kara moaned even more loudly. She licked her piss off Karen, at this point rejoicing in its salty taste and smell, just feeling so glad for what it was giving Kara.

And for what it was giving to herself. Trish was now becoming highly turned on herself, feeling her lover getting closer and closer to the brink. Trish quickly placed herself back in her original position again, so her piss would land on Kara's breasts and belly, and again placed her fingers in Kara's soaking pussy. She started stroking Kara again and felt that Kara was very, very close.

Okay, Baby, time to go over. With that, while still keeping her hand and fingers in Kara's pussy, Trish jerked her body forward and up so the last bit of spray would land on Kara's nipples. First she got one nipple wet again, then the other. Damn, I'm pretty good for an amateur pisser, Karen thought to herself with pride. It worked—Kara gasped and reached with her hands and held Trish tightly as one orgasm after another thundered into her. Looking down at Kara moaning and convulsing, Trish felt total bliss. Oh, sweet Baby, what good timing you have, because now I'm just about fully out of piss, blissful piss.

After the last orgasm had fully subsided, Trish got off and then got under Kara, so she could lie and hold her lover in her arms. Kara turned and nuzzled against Trish's cheek and chin and fell asleep for a little while. Then Trish felt Kara stirring as she was coming out of her slumber. Kara turned to face Trish, and gently kissed her on the cheek. "Now it's my turn to have to go pee," she said as she started to get off Trish.

Or tried to. Trish grabbed her arm as she was getting off and pulled her sharply back. "And just where do you think you're going to?"

"I told you, I have to go pee."

"Do it on me."

Now it was Kara's turn to look shocked. "You don't mean that really?"

"Yes, I do. Don't you know that whenever we fuck, what you feel goes through me through and through?"

"But weren't you about to say something earlier to me about degradation?"

"Kara, if you didn't feel degraded, neither will I."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, Baby, totally."

With that, a wide grin arose on Kara's face. "Okay, then."

Kara waited for Trish to quickly take off her shirt and bra. When Trish was completely nude, Kara got on top of her the same way Trish had earlier, with one leg on each side of her.

"Are you ready, My Love?"

"Yes, but before you start there's something you should know."

"Which is?"

"Kara, I love you deeply, more than I've ever loved anyone else, but I'll be damned if I'm ever going to shit on you!"

They both looked at each other and broke out laughing. After the laughter had subsided, Kara let herself go and soon Trish was feeling a warmth streaming all over her body. Kara didn't have much piss in her, but used all she had to get as much as possible of Trish wet, especially her breasts, belly and legs. At first it did feel rather icky, but gradually its warmth began to become appealing. It's appeal was heightened given the fact that it came from Kara—Trish felt like this was a bonding ritual, and she so much wanted to be bound to Kara.

Then Kara's mouth came to lick the piss off, licking wherever it found piss, sending shivers up and down Trish's spine. Kara's hands caressed and massaged her breasts, stroking and rubbing, pinching and gently pulling on her now hard nipples. Her tongue then swirled around the nipples' areolas, and soon thereafter her mouth and lips were gently biting and then sucking on those nipples, sending shock waves through Trish's body. Kara moved her head up and her mouth found Trish's, lips then separated lips, and their tongues explored each other. Trish started moaning softly.

Kara bent down and spoke softly to Trish, "I want to show you something, my sweet love." She took Trish's hands and placed them on her belly. "This is where I first felt its warmth, and where I felt the relief that you were going to satisfy me, that you didn't think it was just too weird." She moved Trish's hands up to her chest and breasts. "This is where it hit next, sending spasms down me." Trish moaned deeply as she felt Kara's breasts again. She then placed Trish's hands on her legs. "This is where you warmed me next, it trickled down my legs to my inner thighs next to my pussy, making me ache all over." Then she put Trish's fingers on her nipples. "And this is where somehow you managed to send me over the edge." She then smiled down at Trish.

This recounting was somehow bringing Trish herself close to the edge. Hearing it, seeing it, feeling it again in her mind. But still she wasn't there yet. Her lover, attuned as always to Trish's own desires, knew now what had to be done. She turned Trish over onto her stomach, and with her left hand massaging Trish's ass, she placed the other hand's fingers in Trish's now quite drenched pussy, finding her nub and stroking it.

Leaving that hand in Trish's pussy, she then moved her mouth to Trish's ass and started gently nibbling it. Now it was Trish's turn to moan loudly. Kara's right hand then left her pussy (Don't worry Baby, it will soon be back), and helped her left hand helped separate her butt cheeks so that Kara's mouth and tongue could more fully enter. Trish felt the tongue explore her ass, moving closer and closer to her asshole until it at last reached it. Trish was now at the edge. Kara's fingers quickly returned to stroking ever throbbing clit as well as Trish's G-spot, while Kara's tongue worked its wonders on Trish's asshole. Trish shrieked as orgasms cascaded inside her, each more ecstatic than the last, getting Kara's hand and arm wet up to her elbow.

After the last one had subsided fully, Trish's rested a while, before moving her head to rest on Kara's belly as Kara stroked her hair.

"Kara?"

"Yes," Trish."

"You know I typically won't be able to make my bladder come close to explosion just to please you."

Kara pushed Trish up and then moved around so that she was in front of her. She helped Trish sit up so that they faced each other.

"My sweet, sweet, Trisha, I know that! I know that I was a little crazed today. Well rather a lot crazed. But I love you so much and I really never want to see you have to piss so badly again, I know it was hurting you, holding it for so long. Don't worry Trish, I don't ever expect to act like that again. It was really just a one-time thing."

Now Kara could see Trish looking a little forlorn. "What's up, Babe?" she asked. "But that doesn't mean, no more pissing?" Trish asked a bit meekly.

Kara's warm, luscious smile returned to her face, as she started laughing. "No, you silly dope, we can still piss on each other as much as we want!" Seeing a look of relief spread on Trish's face accompanied by Trish's own enchanting smile, brought out the playfulness in Kara. "In fact, I'm going to piss in your mouth right now!" she said still giggling, grabbing for Trish's mouth. Trish broke away from her, and started to giggle in return. "Oh, no, you don't! I draw the line there!"

"We'll just see about that!" Kara had caught Trish, and they collapsed on the bed holding each other and still giggling. The giggles soon subsided and they became silent as they looked at and lightly stroked each other, savoring the sweet warm feelings of deeply shared affection, and delighting in the sensations of bare skin against bare skin, wetness against wetness.
