A Little Kink Can Be A Good Thing
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by Lythe on July 8th, 2010 at 2:50AM

This is my first time posting here, so please go easy on me if this doesn't come across well.

We're on the couch, cuddling together. I'm wearing a skirt and a tank top. I've kinda had to pee for a while, nothing too major, but it's starting to get worse. I start to get up, asking you to move a little so I can go. You move just enough to let me stand, but keep a grip on my wrist. I turn and give you a funny look, unsure of what's going on. There's a longing, sort of lustful look in your eyes. I feel confused, but meet your gaze for a moment, and then turn and pull on my wrist. You still don't let go.

"Baby, really. I have to pee. I'll be right back." I tell you, giving you a quick kiss on the cheek.

You seem to hesitate, although I'm not quite sure why.

I turn to pull away a third time, and still you hold on.

"What is it, honey?" I ask, more concerned now.

You sigh, and stand up, but don't let go of my wrist. "I've wanted to do this for a long time." You murmur, before putting your hands on my shoulders, and lightly pushing me back down on the couch.

I find myself very lost in the siituation, unsure of what could be coming next, but my bladder gives me a signal that makes me squirm slightly.

You reach into the couch, between the cushions, and pull out a pair of leather hand cuffs.

"What's going on?" I ask, although I'm starting to get an idea.

"Lie on your stomache." You command. I play along, wondering just what you have up your sleeve. You put my arms behind my back and cuff them together. I can wriggle all I like, but those bonds are stuck tight. I sit back up, but you gentally push me back down. Suddenly, from somewhere I don't see, another pair of cuffs come out. These go around my legs. I can't really move now. You pick me up and carry me to the bedroom, and release the binds on my hands. I shift a little, getting increasingly more desperate. I can feel what I've had to drink throughout the day going to my bladder. You get yet another set of cuffs, these metal, and hold me against the bedpost. I try to fight back, but you're just too strong. My hands are now stuck above my head, and go around the bed post. The bounds on my legs keep me from getting up. You push me up slightly, and remove my skirt. I'm now in just my tank top and a lacey red thong.

"Oooh." I moan, squirming a little. I smirk slightly, watching the affect of my sound on your lower body. I'm enjoying this too. "So, baby. How long are you going to keep me here?" I question in a seductive tone, my eyes lighting up with arousal.

"Oh, I dunno." You tell me, shrugging. "Does it matter?" You ask, with a grin.

I bite my bottom lip, looking nervous and squirming a little, knowing you love how innocent I look when I'm doing this. "I kinda have to pee." I inform you, squirming again. "Kinda a lot."

"Oh really now?" You ask, cocking an eyebrow. "Well, you're just going to have to hold it a while. I'll be right back." On your way out, you lock the door for the bathroom attached to the bedroom. Any ideas of going early fly out the window.

You shut the door, and lock it. So I'm stuck here.

You're not gone for long, and you come back with a bottle of water. "Thirsty?" You ask, a seductive grin playing about your lips. "I wouldn't want you to get dehydrated."

"I guess that would be a bad thing..." I trail off, not wanting anymore water in my body, but also wanting to please you. And I am a little thirsty...

You walk over and hold the water bottle to my lips, pouring more and more into my mouth until the whole thing is gone. You shake your head.

"Naughty, naughty girl." You tell me. "You didn't save any for me. If you're that thirsty, you'll just have to have another bottle." You tell me, before fetching another from the kitchen. I squirm wilding in you absence, pushing my legs tightly together. I can feel the water in my tummy, sloshing around, making me feel even more desperate.

You return with another bottle, and take a nice, long sip before returning to me. "Ready for some more?"

"But, baby. I just finished a bottle."

"Well, how about you drink this for me. Just so you don't get dehydrated?"

I shift uncomfortably and chew my lip again. "Of course, honey. If you think I need to." I agree, before you put the bottle to my lips and force me to drink it up again.

"Let's watch some tv." You suggest, turning it on and sitting next to me, then putting your arm around me. I try to snuggle into you, but the cuffs make it impossible. Instead, you lean into me, putting pressure on my rapidly filling bladder.

We watch some show. I feign interest, desperate for the distraction. You fake looking at the show, but a shy smile on my face gives away that I see you looking me up and down hungrily. When a feel an extra nudge against my leg, my grin broadens.

A half an hour later, I'm trying to not squirm constantly. You refuse to move off my belly. I need a few moments of relief. "Um, honey." I murmur softly. "I... I think I'm a little thirsty again. Could you get me something to drink?"

The little nudge I feel against my leg from you suddenly gets larger as you realize I'm into the game. "Of course, sexy." You reply, before exiting the room. The second you are gone, I begin shifting violently, and pushing my legs together. I'm in awful need of release, but you aren't ready for this game to be over, and really, niether am I.

You return with a gatorade, and allow me to drink it. I try to stop halfway through, but you shake your head. "Finish it all." It's a simple command, and I fulfill it reluctantly. You don't sit beside me anymore, you sit in front of me. I can't keep myself from squirming and constantly squeezing my legs together. A particularly strong urge hits and I moan, trying to bring my arms down, but am unable to. I moan again, and again, trying to hold back the masses of liquid you've poured into me. "Baby, baby. I really, really have to go. Please." I beg, shifting from side to side.

You shake you head no. I give you a pleading look, but you see the arousal in my eyes. I'm loving every second of this, and as I can see from the protrusion in your pants, you are too.

"You'll just have to hold it." You tell me again. I moan again, watching you shift. I know now just how hard you've gotten.

More time passes, whether it's ten minutes or ten hours, I don't know. I'm in agony, craving the release you won't permit me to have, squirming, squeezing, moaning, anything I can to help myself keep it in. But now, I'm also incredibly, incredibly horny. EVery so often, I look at your bulge. You need a release too, albiet of a different nature.

I just can't take it anymore. Between the horniness and the overwhelming urge in my bladder, a squirt gets out. I give an inward gasp, and watch you sit up intently. This is what we've both been waiting for. The imminent accident. I can't wait forever, and we both know it, but I've given it my best. I moan again, longer than before. I watch you staring at me, loving my desperation, a pure, primal lust in your eyes. Another squirt escapes. Your gaze is glued to my crotch.

"Oh god." I gasp, as my whole lower half tenses with my last effort. Then the flood gates open, and I lose total control.

You watch as the hot piss escapes my body, cascading over the floor. It just keeps coming and coming. It seems like it'll never end. But finally, it does.

I meet your eyes. You can't wait another second. With an animalistic growl, you lunge to where I am. There cuffs are off faster than I would've thought possible, and you lay me out on the bed.

"Now that I've had my release," I mumur. "Are you ready for yours?"

Sorry this is so long. I didn't think it'd turn into this novel it did.

