Trapped On the Train

Posted by theholdmaster on Oct 11th, 2008

Last friday I was coming back home after a week at university. The weather was warm and I had to carry 2 huge bags with me, so it happened...i forgot my jacket on the train for the first time in my life. I realized it some hours later and I was really lucky because it has been found during cleaning operations at the last train stop. Now the cheapest way to have it back, considering the courrier costs, was to catch a train to Ancona the morning after and go to the lost and found office. I spent the evening with my girlfriend and I went to bed at late night (3 am). I set the alarm clock at 10:30 but I was awake before 10: my bladder was already claiming for emptying but I decided to play a bad trick to it. I had more than an hour to get prepared and nobody was in the house so I took out from my drawer some confining clothes and started building an uncomfortable trap to hide under my jeans and sweater.

As you know, the best way to enjoy the fullness for me is to increase inner pressure by any means: I put on a pair of tight girdle-panties, a 100 den compressive pantyhose, a one piece swimsuite, another pantyhose and a pair of panties. Then, still not satisfied, I ware a terrific skin tight pair of jeans shorts, obviously made of not elastic denim. Once hidden everything under my loose clothes I had my breakfast as usual (cup of milk, bisquits and a glass of water) and I went out. The train arrived at 11:35 and the trip would have taken a couple of hours. I felt reasonably comfortable and spent that time reading a newspaper and chatting with my cellphone. I arrived in Ancona at 1:25 pm, I picked up my jacket and I was ready to come back just in 5 minutes, but the next train was at 2:40. 

Anyway I was not upset: the station was 100 meters far from the sea and I could enjoy the chilly breeze on my legs, after a warm journey on the train. I made a little walk then i’ve been sitting for some minutes on a marble bench. My legs were feeling better but my body began to give me worrying signals: a pain was quickly growing in my lower abdomen but I was sure my bladder still had some room and couldn’t have betrayed me.

I understood the problem had to be referred to the “rear department”, and even if i’ve always hated to control my bowels for long I imposed myself to wait for the train coming, instead of using a toll toilet. I got into the waiting room looking for some warmth and I found a free seat. It was 1:50 and I would have liked the train was already there, to immediately relieve. I had to concentrate my mind on something to excape the panic: I took out something to read, kept my back erected and changed frequently my legs’ position to control the need. I moved as slowly as I could so that nobody could suspect my unrest.

The first half an hour seemed an eternity to me and I watched obsessively to the clock while minutes never passed. Despite that when the train arrived I decided to play a little more: I found a carriage with a few people inside and I was sure to have an available toilet at any moment in case of emergency. After almost 12 hours since my last visit my bladder had formed a beautiful ball in my tummy, certainly not as hard as when I tested my limits but not so easy to manage. The game was made harder by my secret trap: the liquid bag was squeezed between the low cut shorts on the bottom and the pantyhoses and girdlepanties on the top. I tried to resist seated for 20 minutes but even squirming a bit I couldn’t reduce my discomfort, so I decided to give up. My idea was to go to the toilet and let out half a liter of urine to made my task easier. I was thirsty and I needed a good measure unit, so I emptied my water bottle before reaching the toilet.

The one in my carriage was free but some people stood next to it so I preferred looking for another. The need had decreased much since I stood up but I was still determined to have a little relief: in fact once back in Forli’ I had to bring a bag to my roommate’s mum and I didn’t want to come there in agony. When I finally got into the toilet I discovered how difficult was to gain access to my genitals in such a small and dirty place: I pulled down my trousers and shorts but I needed to take off also my sweater to reach the swimsuit’s straps, and I didn’t see anything clean to put my clothes on.

What could I have done? I was not so desperate at the moment and even pushing on my tummy I was able to control my sphincters easily, but I was so stupid to drink half a liter of water a little before and I didn’t know where to put it in my body. It was a pure adrenaline situation, like a bet: could my bladder have received such a liquid load, also considering recurrent bowel movements? I believed not but I was too excited and I pulled up the torture shorts and the trousers again, then I got back to my seat. After my walk I felt comfortable and I was able to fall asleep for some minutes, but that pleasurable state didn’t last much. I had to squirm again, however the decision was taken and the only concession I gave to my body was to unbutton the shorts for some time. 

That was almost unuseful because the problem was just partially due to bladder fullness, but I imposed myself to go on reading and keeping seated. What really helped me was the breath control: fast expirations and long “stop and go” inspirations. (That technique allows me to keep abdomen pressure negative for the most of the time, because every shallow inspiration is followed by a breath holding phase, during that the diafragm stays at a higher position and gives extra room to intestines) At 4:30, when it was time to get off, I couldn’t have any relief even standing, but I was so determined that I came back to the toilet and closed again the shorts, then I helped a lady with her suitcase and give her some tips to reach the airport. When I finally arrived at my car I was dying but perfectly confident in my bladder control. I waited for some minutes caressing my hard ball with satisfaction then I was ready to leave.

The bag business didn’t take much time so at 5 I was on the way to home. I was suffering in any position but I liked it. My body was like a full tank I threw from a place to another until destination. It was funny to see how I got in and out of the car in such a situation: I couldn’t put the pound on legs otherwise the abs pushed too much, so I used my arms and “threw” me in as a thing. Finally at home I was lucky my mother wasn’t in because the simple action to climb the stairs gave me an extreme pain in my bottom. Bowel movements were killing me and I had to stop at every step since I felt like hundreds of needles were pricking down there. In the bathroom I was able to calm down and take off everything without accidents: I knew those pains weren’t due to a bladder overstretching, in fact I measured only 1500 ml. Anyway a 15 hours holding, with a 5 hours hard struggle against my bodily functions, always in public places as a higher value than a 24 hours holding at home. 

