Title: The Skating Rink

By: Puddles

It was last summer, when school was finally over for a bit and glorious freedom beckoned, that I pulled one of the most embarrassing stunts I've ever done. My younger sisters had eagerly been awaiting the opening of the new skating rink and were dying to go. Our town is small and generally there isn't too much organized entertainment available for those with no wheels, so who can blame them. I've recently joined the craze at school for roller-blades and, when I found out you could bring your own to the rink, I grandly declared I would take everyone.

The rink was larger than most I've seen, not that I've seen many, and was arranged in the usual fashion; an oval skating area with an off-limits region in the middle. The only unusual thing was that the middle area was actually raised about 8 inches higher than the skating floor and was covered with blue fake grass. There were a gazillion kids there and not just a few people my age. This looked like it would be fun and I prepared to abandon myself to the day's fun.

After a while, I was starting to regret my choice of clothes. I was wearing a tight T-shirt which wasn't too bad, as I'm not overly top-heavy, but I was also wearing a pair of red jeans that I had cut into shorts after I spilled ink on the legs earlier this spring. I cut them a wee bit too short and was always afraid of showing too much. I also had very unwisely not brought my knee pads and already had a major floor burn on my right knee. On top of everything else, I was starting to need the bathroom in a major way.

As people who know me, including most of the kids in town, will tell you, Diane doesn't hold her water so good. Peeing in my pants really doesn't bother me at all when I'm by myself and its the most convenient way to deal with things, but I generally try not to let loose in public. This was very definitely public, in cards and spades. That in mind, I sailed off for the little girls' room. I didn't sail far, however, before it was obvious that the restroom was full and backed up half around the rink. The line was full of girls from 6 to early 20's, most of whom seemed nonchalant, but a few seemed to be on the verge of pulling a puddles, including my little sister Ariele.

I don't like to stand in lines, so off I went around the rink. I figured that this was just a sudden explosion of bladder busting that would soon pass. The lines would clear and I would take care of business. Unfortunately, every time I passed the opening that led to the bathroom, the line was just as long as before. I swear, they were importing people in from off the street to keep that line filled. I was really getting concerned.

The crampy pain that signals my bladder's pre-whoosh outrage was very noticable. I couldn't help thinking that the shorts I was wearing would be very obvious if I wet them. I knew from having accidentally peed in them earlier in the year in the library at school. Around and around. Every orbit, my hopes for honorable relief built up. Around and around. Every pass by the bathroom dashed my hopes again. Had someone died in there? Surely there couldn't be that may girls in this place? Around and around. No relief in site. I was beginning to feel that fluttery feeling down there that warns of an impending accident.

I passed Jeannie, giving her a plaintive look, sister to sister, that told her all about my predicatment. She just raised her eyebrows in a figurative shrug. I spotted Callie across the rink, trying to show one of her friends how to figure skate on wheels. I passed by the restroom again and noticed Ari, whose shorts now had a telltale wet patch suggesting she needn't stand in line any longer. I was beginning to feel very warm as the embarrassment of what I knew was going to happed began to rise. Suddenly, rough hands grabbed me and I felt myself being slung around violently. It was a couple of those nasty little adolecsent beastly-boys Jeannie hangs around with. Against all rules they apparently decided to play crack the whip. I guess I looked like a whip-tip.

I was sailing backward, totally out of control (at least regarding skates, otherwise I was still holding on), moving fast across the flow of skaters. With a jolt, the backs of my skates struck the upraised middle island and my feet came out from under me. I hit the floor flat on my rear, and I hit it hard. So hard, that grey flashes obscured my vision. I sat there, legs spread and sticking out in front of me, totally dazed. As my eyes cleared I realized; I was peeing, I was squirting, I was gushing. The crotch of my shorts had gone almost black where they were wet. Pee was gushing so violently that they couldn't soak it up and it was pouring out the leg openings. Everyone in the place was being treated to Miss Puddles in a grand performance. The puddle I was sitting in was growing magnificently. There was no way to stop.

Finally, with help from my sisters, I was able to get to my feet, pee running down both legs from my soaked shorts into my skates, and move slowly over to the sidelines where a bench became my best friend. I wasn't just wet, I was hurt. It felt like I'd fallen about 200 feet onto my butt, and there were tingling, burning sensations shooting into the small of my back. Off on the otherside, Jeannie was defending big sister to her rotten friends. There wasn't any blood flowing yet, but knowing her, I figured it was only a matter of time. Ari came to sit beside me, I guess glad that she wasn't the only puddle-panties present, but also worried about me. Where she goes, goes Callie, who shortly was sitting on the other side.

Both trying to make sure I was okay. The manager of the place came over, too, I guess to make sure he wasn't going to end up in court, and assured me the two hyenas that caused were going out the door, assuming they survived Jeannie's still ongoing assault. Finally, sore and embarrassed, I was able to move again. By now almost the whole of my shorts were wet and it almost looked like they were just a darker color. Slowly at first, but steadily smoother, I skated back onto the floor and around, Ari and Callie in formation. With 20 minutes left in the session, why waste it for just a little oopsie?

