It was a Saturday night, Jane and Lori had come to the big city for a week long holiday and tonight they had hooked up with 2 guys, Brad and Justin, that they had met at the club downtown. They knew that neither of them would be able to drive, so Jane and Lori had left their car at Jane's cousin's house where they were staying. They had been drinking for about 4 hours– and just recently had a couple of pitchers of beer. They knew that the last bus ran at 2:15am and they would have to make it or have no way home, as a person could never get a taxi at that time of night. The guys were also taking the bus, but in the opposite direction, and said that their last bus would run 1:55am. It was getting close to that time when Justin brought back another pitcher, and so they polished it off quickly. None of them had visited the bathroom in the last hour before it was time to leave, and Jane noticed that there was a huge lineup like always for the ladies. When they got out onto the street, they all realized how drunk they really were. Jane and Lori had already discussed which guy they liked more, luckily Jane liked Justin and Lori liked Brad, so everything seemed to be working out perfectly for the foursome. "I don't think that we will make our bus, in fact we will be lucky if we can catch yours" Brad said, sobering up for a brief moment. "Come on we have got to walk faster!" Lori was already feeling the need to pee and knew that walking faster would not help her. They were about a block away from their stop when they saw the bus getting closer; they made a run for it and just made it as the bus was pulling up. "Is this the last bus?" Jane asked, hoping that it wasn't because she really did need to find a place to piss before the long bus ride. "Yes it is, get in." They all got on and went to the back of the bus, it was dark and there were not very many people on it at this late hour. They were flirting and playing around with each other for a while. Jane knew that they still had a good 40 minutes ahead of them and was already feeling pretty desperate to pee. "God, I have to pee so bad." Lori laughed nervously and said "Me too!" "I think we all had quite a bit to drink and everyone needs to pee quite badly," Justin said. "How much longer until we get to your place?" Lori said that it was about 20–25 minutes. Jane was not sure if she really thought that or was just trying to make it seem better than it was. After a few minutes Jane had her legs crossed and Lori was squirming in her seat. Justin was squeezing himself when he thought no one was looking. Jane had begun to feel incredible desperation; she could never hold it for long especially when drinking beer. "We have got to try to make it as far as possible so we won't have to walk too far," she said, thinking out loud. "Oh, I have never had to pee so bad" Lori cried now, openly holding herself. Jane knew that they still had another 25 minutes and didn't think that any of them would make it. "We just have to get off and piss in a bush," Brad said now openly holding himself as well. "You have to wait until we can go too, we cannot just go in the open like you guys," Lori said, batting her eyes at Brad. After a few minutes the two couples were making out, making it easier for the guys to hold it in but not much more comfortably. That only lasted so long because each one was in a private battle with their bladder. They managed to make it within a couple of stops before Lori said that they had to get off here, she was going to piss herself. She was bent over and holding on with all her strength. Normally Jane would be enjoying her friend's predicament but she had to go too badly herself to wait much longer. They all agreed, rang the bell and prepared to get off. Standing up only made it worse, and they were all holding themselves– making it very obvious to anyone on the bus what was wrong. They got off and the street was very well lit and still had quite a few people walking around. "We can't pee here, it is too open, come on, we will find an alley or something," Jane said, taking the lead while feeling the pee about to escape her small body. She was at the point where she had to hold herself continuously just to keep it in and she knew she didn't have much time left. Justin had just been about to whip it out and piss but hearing Jane say to follow her he pinched it off just barely and quickly followed her, holding himself the whole way. They found a small park and as they began to cross the street Lori bent over and groaned: "Oh, I am going to pee." Brad grabbed her hand and pulled her across to the park "You have made it this far you have to hold it a minute longer." They got into the park and found a paved area behind some trees, it was their best option and they all prepared to finally let go. Lori began to pee in her panties so she quickly pulled them down to unleash a giant torrent of piss, for the others this was too much. Brad scrambled to open his pants just barely getting it out before a trickle escaped followed by a huge stream. Jane lifted her skirt to pee and immediately joined Lori's puddle. "Oh that feels so good," she cried. Jane noticed that Justin had not yet peed and asked him why. He blushed a little and explained that the sight of them peeing had turned him on and couldn't pee. He said that he would just need a minute as he adjusted his pants. When the others were finished they decided to stay in the park for a while, as they seemed to be the only ones there. They split up into couples and went to different areas of the park. When Justin and Jane were alone she immediately started to kiss him and he did not put up a fight. He had still been holding himself but was now forced to let go. He wanted her so badly that he was able to put his urge to piss in the back of his mind. Jane enjoyed knowing that he still had to pee and wanted to see how desperate he would get. She was on top, straddling him. He moaned: "Oh I have to pee, but this feels so good." Jane whispered to him that she wanted him so bad. He lifted her skirt up to reveal her beautiful body and he told her that he wanted her too. She undid his pants revealing the proof that he did want her. Jane had never seen someone so hard. She kissed his stomach and then his penis. He was shaking, it felt so good but he could not relax because of his desperation. Jane lifted up to face him and slowly slid down onto his rock hard penis. Almost immediately she began to orgasm and Justin was not far behind, he felt like he would explode when he came inside her. They clung to each other in ecstasy and as he began to lose his erection the need to pee came flooding back, and combined with the pressure on his bladder from Jane sitting there he began to piss inside of her. "Oh no, I am sorry, I can't stop it now," he apologized to her as his stream got stronger gushing all over her thighs and pussy. Jane didn't mind at all, in fact it completely turned her on, she directed his stream towards her clit and began to orgasm again.
Auburn Mist