I opened the car door, grabbed her by the hand, and pulled her roughly out of the car. "Look at you, you slut!" I yanked down the top of her knit dress exposing her titties. She was bent forward pressing her hands against her pussy. "Lean on the car," I said, twisting her to face the car. She was squirming and wiggling. "I can't believe you just peed in my car," I said. I tugged her tiny dress up exposing her panties. I could see her crotch was moist and still dripping. "Goddamn it, I can't believe you just pissed in my car. And look at you, wet panties and all." Her back was arched, her butt sticking out, grinding in mid–air. "I couldn't help it," she said whining, "I have to pee so bad it hurts!" "Hold still," I hissed. "Stop wiggling." She stopped for a few seconds. I waited. And then the grinding started again, her butt making little circles as she fought to squeeze back everything she'd had to drink at the party. "Stop it. Stop wiggling!" I said, more sternly. She came to a stop for a second, but it was as if her nervous system won out over her brain, as she started imperceptibly undulating again. And then I smacked her wiggly little behind hard. She let out a shriek. "What was that for?" She said in a high–pitched voice. I smacked her butt again, harder and lower so my palm was just grazing her outthrust pussy. She shrieked again, and a trickle of pee emerged from her panties. "Stop it!" she cried, trying to stand up, but I pushed her back against the car. "What are you doing?" She demanded. And I spanked again, still harder, feeling the crotch of her moist panties as I did do. Another spurt of pee jetted from her panties. "Aauuughh," she half cried and half moaned. "That's for pissing in my car. Look at you, you're soaking your panties," I said. I pulled her soaked panties down to her knees exposing her reddening bottom. She was trying to stand again, but I pushed her back down. "Let me go! Let me go to the bathroom!" She was whimpering now and she sounded panicked. "Hold still!" I said once again, seeing her butt back in motion. "You didn't seem to notice you had to pee when you were flirting with those guys at the party" I accused. She had disappeared at the party and I'd found her in the back yard with a couple of guys I didn't know. She was in the act of showing them the tattoo near her nipple, trying to expose the tattoo without letting her boob be completely seen. I had watched her fun for a few minutes unnoticed, but when the little slut started to inch up her dress to show her other little tattoo on her inner thigh I decided her fun was over. I dragged her out of the party, ignoring her pleas to stop at the bathroom on the way out. "Please, I haven't gone the whole time we've been here," she said. And she was obviously very drunk. She squirmed the whole 30–minute ride home, but was too petulant and proud to complain. And as we'd gone to get out of the car I saw the moist spot on the seat. "I wasn't flirting," she said now, whining, and then "Oh god," suddenly moaning. I had reached around her and placed my hand on her bulging lower abdomen. She was swollen and rock hard to the touch. "My, my, we had a lot to drink, didn't we?" I said, stroking her distended, aching abdomen. "OH GOD, stop that," she moaned loudly. She again tried to stand up. But I was pushing against her, pressing my erection against her behind and continuing to massage her lower belly. I heard a few sparse drips splatter to the garage floor and I knew she was leaking again. "What sluts like you need is a good hard dick, isn't that right?" I said, pressing hard against her and increasing the pressure on her bladder. "NO, I NEED TO PEE!" she said, sounding near tears. "I absolutely HAVE to pee." She groaned again. I stepped back and spanked her again, hard. She yelped, and again lost it, a hard spurt arching back and catching me on the thigh. "Damnit, hold your pee in your slutty cunt," I said with another couple smacks on her now very pink little buns. I slid my middle finger into her pouting dripping little slit. She was soaking inside, and it wasn't from pee. I hadn't fucked her all week and showing off for those guys had obviously gotten her really worked up. I could feel her enormous bladder from the inside, seeming to take all available space as it struggled to contain who knew how many beers. I cupped her bladder with one hand from the front and stroked my middle finger against the straining bladder wall from the inside. I repeatedly stroked the slightly bumpy feeling rock solid muscle of her straining, aching bladder, murmuring in her ear, "You probably just need a really good fucking right now, huh baby? I can tell your slutty little pussy is all excited. Let's screw right here." I was clamping her pee hole and stroking her clit with my fingers from the front now but still pressing my palm against her lower abdomen. "Oh GOD, oh GOD, stop it!" she was panting now and moaning. She was twisting and trying to escape, but with me giving her nowhere to go, figuratively and literally, but she was beginning to buck rhythmically against my finger and palm. "C'mon, you could hold your all your pee just fine while you having fun flirting with those guys. Now I'm sure you keep that little bit of pee in your pussy while we screw, can't you?" "Let me go pee first, let me go pee first, let me go pee..." she was repeating, breathing hard. "No you can keep it in." I withdrew my finger from her pussy, carefully clamping her from the front so she couldn't leak, and I unzipped my jeans, my cock springing free, aching for that dripping slut pussy. "C'mon, baby, arch up, arch up," I said, pressing my palm harder against her bladder to encourage her up onto her tiptoes so I could enter. I slid my cock ever so slowly into her soaking, tight little slit, first just teasing and prodding her outer lips, and then slowly entering, pressing directly against the surface of her bladder, one rock hard surface against another. "Are you horny, baby?" I asked, now panting myself. "I'm horny, I have to pee, I have to pee, I have to PISSSS!" she said returning to her mantra. I sunk in to the hilt, and stayed crushed against her, filling her with every last bit of my cock. "AUUUUGGGHHH", she moaned, long and low as I held myself inside her, almost completely still, but grinding ever so slightly. I kept us locked together, filling her, fucking her aching bladder, slowly, excruciatingly, while continuing to press from the front with my hand. She moaned loudly, but ground back. "Does your little pussy want to go pee now if I let it?" I finally whispered. "Does my little slut need something?" "Oh PLEASE, please," she panted. I slowly slid my hand up in front, continuing to press her bladder but leaving her pee hole and clit uncovered. "OK, I'm going to let you let a little pee out now, just because I'm nice," I whispered. "Slutty bitches like you should be able to hold your pee, but if you need to, go ahead and let just a little bit out." I continued my small grinding inside her and waited, but nothing happened. "What's the matter, I thought you had to pee?" I asked. "I'm TRYING. I can't go!!" She sounded frantic, panicked. "I have to go, I have to go," she said, back to her mantra. I slowly, ever so slowly withdrew my cock, while applying more pressure with my hand. At the instant the tip of my cock slid from the rim of her pussy lips, a gusher exploded from her pussy. "STOP IT! That's ENOUGH!" I said while shoving myself into her and clamping my finger back over her pee hole to stem the flow. "OH GOD, just a little more, please just a little more." I repeated this several times, giving her precious excruciating relief each time I withdrew, but not enough to ease the ache in her enormously distended bladder. Finally I pulled out and turned her to face me, taking my hand away. Her hand darted down instinctively to clutch her white–hot aching pee hole, bending over forward. "Stand up straight. I want to see your cute those perky titties you were showing off tonight, slut!" I said. She slowly straightened up, clutching herself, legs squeezed together, eyes closed, pushing her breasts forward, and then the pee was spurting and gushing from between her fingers and splattering on the garage floor. She stood there, legs still clenched, hands still pressed over her cunt as if she hoped to regain control, but her pussy hissed clear hot pee from between her finger, gushing for several minutes, cascading down between her clenched legs, forming an ocean on the garage floor, a look of bliss on her face as her body got to do what it had needed to do so badly for hours. Finally the last little trickles embedded away. "If only those guys could see you now," I chuckled. "Does my little slut feel a little better now?" "OH, yes, god yes," she said. "SOOO much better." "Does your little pussy still need something?" I asked. "Sluts who finally get to pee need to be FUCKED HARD," she purred. And I took her in the house to the bed where I could spread her legs as far as they would go sink myself in her and punish that little pussy with my cock until we both exploded in the kind of orgasm that seems to come from somewhere way, way down deep.
Sean ( Email is welcome )