This story is fictional.
The doorbell rang and I knew it was the UPS delivery I had been expecting. I opened the door and was greeted by a rather pleasant looking female delivery driver. She smiled at me in a slightly nervous sort of way and let out a bit of a groan as she set down the rather large box of parts I had ordered for my Alfa Romeo Spider. She straightened up and still seemed a bit fidgety, as she held out her electronic clipboard for my signature.
At this point, I took a better look at her. She was about 5'7", with long dark hair and sunglasses on. Being the better part of August, it was already at least 80–degrees outside and she was wearing her 'standard issue' brown short sleeve shirt and brown shorts. Her skin was somewhat suntanned and her body looked very nice. Her breasts were of average size, but firm and proud under her shirt. It appeared that she might be wearing a rather sexy bra, but it was hard to tell at the moment. I looked at her waist, crotch and hips, smoothly encased in her brown shorts. The gentle swell of her hips meant to me she probably had a nice ass, but alas, I couldn't tell just yet. I also wondered (as I do with most women I see) what sort of panties she was wearing today.
As I reached for the clipboard she was holding, she let out a slightly louder groan. Of course, my perverted mind could only dream that this woman had to take a mean piss, but I thought it could be possible, so I deliberately slowed up my pace. I slowly took the clipboard from her hand and 'accidentally' dropped the stylus. She bent over to pick it up and made a bit of an awkward move as she did, clenching her teeth as she stood up to face me. I innocently (as innocently as a horny man wanting to see this lady piss her panties in front of me could ask) asked her if she was all right. She smiled a bit and half–heartedly said she hadn't been able to 'go' all morning and was feeling a bit full.
At this moment, by heart started to pound a good deal faster. I at first responded with a knowing 'oh,' but then, as I signed my name and began to think this opportunity could slip away to never be repeated again, in a matter of fact way I asked her if she wanted to use the washroom. As she took the clipboard from me with her left hand, she grabbed my forearm with her right hand and said 'that sounds like a good idea.' I had never done anything like this before, and the thought of a total stranger about to relieve herself in my bathroom was so incredibly exciting that I found it hard to conceal my sense of arousal.
I opened the storm door wider and motioned her inside my house. As she brushed past me, my dick continued to get hard, especially after getting my first glimpse of her butt in those shorts. She had a nicely round ass with slightly wide hips, just how I like it. And with the line of her bikini panties making a clear showing through her shorts and subdividing her delicious cheeks, I grew even more excited.
"By the way," I asked, "What's your name?" "Mandy," she replied somewhat sheepishly. "Hi Mandy, I'm Grif," I said. "Nice to meet you." I was still trying to delay in hopes of her desperation getting to the point of no return. I just looked at her for a moment, as she had taken off her shades, revealing a very pretty face, with lustrous green–gray eyes, a narrow, somewhat longish nose and nicely curved lips surrounding great teeth. Oh, please, Mandy, piss your panties for me, I was thinking. My cock was now straining to be released from inside my jeans and I wasn't too shy about hiding the fact that I would fuck this chick right now if given the opportunity.
"The washroom is around this corner," I said, motioning to the right. "Take your time, I'll just wait here," I said, wishing I could somehow make her deposit the contents of her brimming bladder right onto my white carpet. She thanked me again and started to walk towards the room, fidgeting a bit more than before. As I watched her turn the corner, I heard her sort of yelp out in a combination of a cry and a wince. I looked around the corner. Mandy was leaning against the wall with one hand, her other hand was jammed into her crotch. "I'm starting to wet myself, I'm very sorry," she stammered. "This is so embarrassing, I can't believe this is happening!"
Can't believe this is happening? Tell me about it! This was the culmination of so many fantasies and dreams of mine that I wish I could have been taping this moment to relive to my heart's content. All I could think of doing was to half comfort her and half watch her wet her shorts before my eyes. She stood up a bit straighter and turned to face me. All of a sudden, a saw a huge wet spot almost explode before my eyes, making a deliciously dark, shiny circle on her shorts, while multiple streams of piss ran down both her thighs. At this point, Mandy was lost in her own display of golden ecstasy. She just stood there, with her eyes closed, pouting a bit, as her bladder forced its demands over her and just continued to drain for what seemed like eternity. Actually, it was probably a minute or so, but it was the best 60 seconds of my life.
Her piss finally stopped and Mandy just stood there, crimson red, her shorts at least one–third soaked through by her pee, a squishy puddle on my carpeting just outside the bathroom door. I walked over to her and put my arm around her to console her, as she wept somewhat and said she was so sorry for what had happened. I told her it would be our secret and that no one would know. I looked at her deeply and after this wonderful wet turn of events, could think of nothing else but kissing her on the lips. Our mouths met and we shared a passionate kiss. Since I had absolutely nothing to lose at this point, I continued to kiss her as my hands unfastened her sodden shorts. I pushed myself away from her and knelt down on the soggy carpet saturated with her fluid and slowly unzipped her shorts. I pulled on them fairly hard to get them to slide past her shapely hips and let them drop to the floor.
At this point, I was in heaven. I stared intently at her white nylon bikini panties, so sexy in their simplicity, which were of course soaked with piss and mostly transparent. The pissy wet crotch hugged her pussy so perfectly, her dark trimmed bush displaying itself proudly beneath the wet, silky fabric, with the lips of her vagina quite visible. I took a deep breath and reveled in the aroma of woman sweat, sexual arousal and fresh, hot urine. It was a most intoxicating blend, better than the finest 15–year–old single malt scotch. I quickly buried my face in her panty–covered crotch, licking at the nylon material and tasting her pee. It was absolutely incredible!
Mandy began to moan and grabbed my head with her hands, shoving my face harder into her crotch. She said something about this being a new experience, but one of exquisite pleasure and eroticism.
Since my bedroom was just steps from where we stood, I got up and pulled her onto the bedcovers. I unbuttoned her shirt and was greeted by that sexy bra I thought I saw a glimpse of earlier. Mandy immediately started working to remove my jeans and free my hard–on from captivity. At this point, I decided to throw caution to the wind (what the hell, right? Everything that was happening was surreal at this point anyways) so I maneuvered my dick as best I could and started to give her my own golden display, aimed right onto her still soaking wet panties. I managed to further saturate her panties, stomach and even got her bra wet, too, her dark nipples now showing clearly though the wet material.
All the while, Mandy just moaned with satisfaction, as she then took my cock in her eager mouth and began sucking with abandon. It wasn't too long before I shot a nice load into her mouth and down her throat, so now it was my turn. I lifted her legs up and removed her piss–drenched panties. Then I lay down on the bed and told her to sit on my face. As she ground her piss soaked pussy into my face and my tongue brought her to new heights of pleasure, she surprised me with a quick jet of steaming salty piss right into my mouth. It tasted delicious!
By now, I was being overcome with sexual satisfaction and an unbelievable feeling of gratification. The final act was soon to come, as I pushed her off my face and, as if she read my mind, she straddled my once again stiff cock. I rammed her good and hard, our urine soaked pubic hair meeting violently with each thrust, her breasts heaving underneath that pee stained bra, her hair flying about as we both collapsed in near simultaneous orgasms.
Kind of all of a sudden, we both realized that Mandy was not only a UPS driver, but now an official U–Pee–S driver as well, but one that still had a lot of deliveries to make. I took her shirt and shorts (deliberately leaving her piss soaked panties aside) and threw them into the washer for a quick cleaning. As we both cleaned up from our wet sexual adventure, I learned that Mandy was 26 and was divorced after a bad three–year marriage to a jerk of a husband. She said she always had a 'dark, wild side' to her that she rarely let anyone know about and confided that she had always had an interest in watersports but had never had the chance to act on her interest...until now.
She said her initial desperation was real, but somehow fantasy overtook reality and she let things happen as they may, and was more than pleased with the results. I gave her an extra large glass of ice tea (to give her a good start for the rest of her route, wink, wink) and she let me keep her pissy panties as a remembrance of her first pee soaked torrent of sex and self indulgence.
I admitted to her the thoughts that ran through my head when she first rang the bell and how I had always, too, wanted to act on my watersports fantasies and make them a reality. I also told her of my fetish interest in lingerie and especially panties, and how the thought of an attractive woman pissing in her panties would make me hard in nanoseconds, as she had experienced first hand.
As she left and ran back to her truck, now running over an hour behind schedule, she gave me a big smile and a wave. Somehow I knew this U–Pee–S gal would be making another desperate delivery to my house and I welcomed that possibility as soon as her bladder would allow.
Grif ( Email Welcome )