PeePillow TM
	A new invention soaks up piss with no mess.
Author: kayleekennicott

I first heard about PeePillow TM from one of my internet friends. No one in real life knew my proclivities: only the select individuals online, many of us separated by countries and continents, who were active in the community knew my secret.

There was yellowdog, who posted amazing videos of himself covertly pissing in crowded, public areas. Sometimes he even managed to splash other people without getting caught. The dude was an expert carpet-soaker.

Or sheildla, who liked to cosplay powerful women and piss standing up. Her boyfriend was a professional photographer, so we were treated to high-def, glossy, bold, and beautiful shots of Wonder Woman, or Buffy, or Xena standing tall and pissing on the ground in front of her. (And sometimes, pissing on men. If she was Wonder Woman, there was an extra element of bondage, of course.)

There was pissbitches, who submitted quality erotica to the site; no-water-no-wee, the funny guy of the group, who was always in the chat room (he and I had never met in real life, but privately sent each other dirty messages when we were in a mood), always updating us about how much fluid he'd consumed that day, how desperate he felt, how much longer he was going to hold it; naturecalling, the husky lumberjack of the group who blogged about his nature hikes (and pisses) in the woods; and me, who liked to lurk but didn't often post my own stuff. I didn't have a niche yet. And I was still growing into my piss fetish, having only recently accepted the fact that it turned me on in a big way. So I wasn't ready to start broadcasting — I just watched their videos, looked at their pictures, read their porn blogs, and chatted with them online. The six of us, with a few others who were less active, made the core of the piss community.

So one afternoon, arriving back in my dorm room after class, I lay in bed and chugged a glass of water while I waited for my laptop to boot up. It was too early for my dorm-mates to return: now that we were juniors, I shared a quad with three of my girlfriends, and each of us had a private single off the common room/kitchen suite. With a private room, and no chance of anyone being home to overhear anything, it was the perfect time to masturbate.

Because I liked my bladder to feel pleasantly full, I kept drinking water as I opened new tabs in an incognito window: all my favorite piss porn sites, blogs, erotica, and, of course, our chat room.

The only one currently online was no-water-no-wee, and even he was idle. So I pinged him and read through the latest chat logs to see what I missed while I waited for his response. Near the bottom, posted by a username I didn't recognize, was a link, with a description: "you guys gotta check this out. I got one for myself because I hate getting out of bed in the morning to go piss, but my girlfriend loved it so much that she stole it for herself and made me buy another."

Curious, I clicked. The link brought me to the sales page for a product called PeePillow TM, with a tagline that promised, "Go where you want, when you want!"

The picture was of a long body-pillow that looked indulgently foamy, something you could really sink into and cuddle with. A description next to the photograph read:

Do you have trouble leaving your warm bed in the morning to sit on a cold toilet seat?

Do you ever wish you could relieve yourself at your own convenience?

Do medical complications make toilets inconvenient for frequent use?

Now introducing: PeePillow TM!

PeePillow TM is crafted with cutting-edge technologies which absorb and process urine into a fine, toxic-free, completely odor-less powder. PeePillow TM is capable of absorbing five gallons of liquid at a time, or nearly 20 liters, which is more piss than the average person produces in 10 days. It dries quickly and leaves no lingering odor, so you can get back to your REAL business.

To clean, simply pop open the small powder trap which is tucked inconspicuously into the side of the PeePillow TM and empty the contents into the nearest waste receptacle. The PeePillow TM is machine washable and only needs to be laundered once every two weeks to keep it feeling fresh. Please hang dry.

All PeePillow TM purchases include a 6-month warranty, and you are welcome to a product replacement or a full refund within that period if you are not satisfied with your purchase. We guarantee that this product will become a fun, convenient, and indispensable part of your household.

We also offer discounts for all PeePillow TM purchases in quantities greater than six. Click here to check out our family plan!

Ordinarily, I would have shrugged this off. It was a fake product, no doubt, except it had come with the endorsement from the guy in the chat room...of course, he could just be phishing. Maybe a bot. I hadn't recognized the username. But the idea intrigued me, despite the fact that it seemed totally outside the realm of possibility...a pillow that converted urine to powder? Something capable of mitigating odor and dampness? But offered the freedom and luxury of pissing all over it, wherever you were: in bed, sitting, playing computer games, reading a book, so long as you were naked from the waist down and had the PeePillow next to you? It seemed too good to be true.

And then I scrolled down and noticed the reviews. There were hundreds — and most of them had given 4 and 5 stars.

Couldn't believe this actually worked! wrote one person. I expected it to be really gross, stink, leave a mess...but I've had it for a month now, use it every day, and it still smells fine even though I haven't washed it once. Awesome!!

Someone else said, This is my favorite thing. Let me know when you invent one for crap too, and I'll buy it.

And another said, No joke, this thing works. It's so comfortable, I snuggle with it all night, and then in the morning, I wake up...ahhh. Just let loose with this between my legs. I like it so much, I use it all the time, even when I don't have to. Washed it twice now, it's been holding up fine — and I wash it only because they recommend to, not because it needs it. I spritz a little perfume on her just to make things extra nice!!

Still another commented, Five stars!!! I love pissing all over this, all the time. And guests don't notice anything strange about it! I get compliments, actually!

And another: sometimes I jack off into it and that works fine too

One reviewer had a lot more to say: Hey there, I want to encourage you, yes you, to buy this pillow immediately because it will change your life. Pissing is always a bit of a taboo act, isn't it? You have to do it away from other people. You have to do it in a special room. You have to clean yourself afterward. But what if I could tell you that you can liberate yourself from these restrictions and feel a newfound sense of freedom?

How many of you have felt the thrill of pissing in your bedroom, or relieving yourself in your dining room, or urinating in your living room?

Here's what a day in the life looks for me, now.

I wake up. I sleep naked, because I like to feel the sheets against my skin, and the warmth of my husband behind me. I wake up in his arms. Because now I have the PeePillow, I don't have to move out of his embrace when my bladder calls me to the bathroom. Instead I put the pillow securely between my thighs and let loose over it. The fabric soaks it up immediately, leaving me feeling dry and clean and warm.

Then, when I feel like it, I'll get out of bed and go downstairs to make some coffee and start breakfast. I keep PeePillows in every room, and I've taken to wearing lots of skirts without underwear. But in the morning, I'm still wearing my nightgown and slippers, so it's easy, when I feel the urge, to sit down on the chair at the breakfast table where I put it, lean back, and release my stream onto the fabric. I love the fact that it's so long, the full body pillow size, because you can sit it upright in a chair like a person and straddle it, or sit on its lap when you urinate.

Something about having soft fabric pressed right up against my private parts when I'm urinating feels really good, but I never knew it until now. And sometimes I like to pretend it's a person, and I'm pissing right into his lap, or leaning back to aim my stream in an arc onto its lower legs. I grind against it, too — my husband keeps joking about buying me a dildo to use in the laps of the PeePillows — but it just feels so good, pissing and grinding at the same time, feeling this firm, pliant pillow between your legs.

My husband will join me for breakfast, and I'll sit on the pillow so I can just hitch up my nightdress and use it under the breakfast table if I feel the urge. And then he goes off to work, and I carry on with some of the domestic tasks and the cleaning — I keep one in each room, in case I'm folding towels in the laundry and don't want to interrupt my work to run to the bathroom...now I just walk over to where it is on the floor, squat over it, and piss freely — before sitting down at my desk. Let me tell you, as a freelance artist who works from home, this thing is a godsend.

For my work setup, I put one PeePillow on the chair and one on the ground in front of me, under the desk, just in case of splatter. I hitch up my skirts. And then I start working. I'm so much more productive without the frequent bathroom breaks, because anytime I feel the need, I just release it. I know the PeePillow will catch any spills, so I don't worry about making a mess. I just lean back and piss right into the fabric. It soaks it up almost immediately...my bottom always stays dry.

I draw a lot of smut comics, so I have to admit that I often find myself humping the pillow while I work without even realizing it. I really love the feeling of it between my legs, and sometimes I'm so turned on while I draw, and I'll get this deep satisfaction from pissing, just really letting everything go, in the middle of my home office, and I'll hold the pillow between my thighs and feel it go warm briefly while I relax my muscles and let loose this flood of piss, and hump it until I realize what I'm doing.

At that point, I usually put down the pen, stand up, pull my vibrator out of the drawer in the desk where I keep it, position it on the PeePillow's lap, and straddle it. I get myself off really quickly when I do this — it's even faster if I hold back a bit, save some pee to reserve it for now, when I'm grinding: I love the feeling of tightness in my legs while I kneel in the chair, straddling the pillow, feeling it rubbing against my bare cunt, before I piss all over it. When I cum, I feel really, really spent. Good spent.

Then I'll eat a snack and go back to work.

At night, hubby and I will lay in bed and watch a movie together before bed. And now I don't have to get up for trips to the bathroom in the middle. We don't pause it at all anymore, now that we have PeePillow. If I need to go, I'll just pull it a little closer and squat over it. My husband uses it now too.

He was skeptical of it at first, but now I know he uses it more than he claims — he won't be obvious about it, but while we're snuggling I'll feel him position himself and aim his stream into the pillow, which, if I'm being honest, kinda turns me on now. There was this one time when he was feeling frisky after waking up...I was awake, but I had my eyes closed, resting. I had already used the PeePillow and was feeling relieved. But he hadn't.

He started rubbing against me, reaching around to pinch my nipples, giving me all the signs of wanting to fuck.

But I was comfortable and I didn't want to move yet, so I guided him between my legs, not to penetrate me, but to rub between my thighs from behind, the head of his cock grazing my clit with each thrust forward. I was still facing the PeePillow, and after a moment I realized, when I heard a slight hissing noise, that as my husband spooned me, fucking between my thighs, his cock pointing forward towards the PeePillow, he was pissing into it. He relieved himself into it while he pleasured himself. That thought turned me on so much that as soon as he was done, I turned around, straddled him, and speared myself on his cock. I suspect that the PeePillow might help in the bedroom in more ways than one.

Buy one! Buy ten!!

One four-star reviewer only said: Makes a lot of powder.

Another five-star said, great for car trips!!

Exactly as advertised.

Brilliant! Just what I needed!

My mom gave me one of these while I was resting from surgery in bed for two weeks, and it made things so much more enjoyable! I could just relax and watch netflix while she brought me water and crackers and soup, and it saved me so many painful trips to the bathroom. I really enjoy letting go all over this. And snuggly too like a boyfriend! Love it!

I read a few more, but my mind kept returning to that housewife/artist — she seemed great. I wanted to track her down and get her in the group, if possible. And this pillow...it was so intriguing.

No-water-no-wee was back in the public chatroom, so I tabbed over and started talking.

Me: you check out this peepillow thing yet?

Water: yeah, looked interesting, but I don't have the money for it right now.

Me: think it's the real deal?

Water: seems to be. People are coming out with all kinds of weird futuristic tech things these days. I mean, look at some of the stuff on kickstarter.

Me: Hmmm.

Water: btw, on hour five of holding.

Me: keep it up!

Water: thanks :) what are you up to?

Me: ah, just got home. Catching up on internet things.

Water: So, porn.

Me: Yes.

I tabbed back to look at the pillow's price tag. It wasn't outrageous, but it was a little out of my budget.

Me: I'm really interested in this pillow thing, but you're right, it's too expensive for me right now

Water: put it on your christmas list

Me: hah. Yeah, that's a list I would never show my family.

Water: see, you should sell porn online like some of the others. Then you could buy your illicit playthings with porn money.

Me: tempting thought. I don't have a good deal like the others, though.

Water: what do you mean?

Me: I can't pull off badass outfits like Sheila. I'm way not ready to piss in public like yellowdog. There aren't any woods nearby to go in like naturecalling. I don't write, or make art. I don't know what I could sell.

Water: well, yeah, they all have a thing. What's your thing?

Me: clearly I don't have a thing

Water: you need to make a thing. What distinguishes you from the others?

Me: I'm more interested in pissing indoors. In private. On stuff.

Water: so, set up a webcam.

Me: you think?

Water: yeah. You control everything with webcams. You'd be inside. You wouldn't have to show your face if you didn't want to. Plenty of dudes — and probably more than a few chicks — would pay good money to see a girl squat on stuff on camera.

Me: ...maybe I'm crazy but this doesn't sound like a bad idea

Water: That's because it's a great idea. You should do it. And spend the proceeds to buy the pillow. So you can squat on that on camera too.

Me: thanks, water

Water: anytime.

Our conversation flagged after that, but I was still thinking about his suggestion. Could I pull this off? I bookmarked the PeePillow website to save for later.

So after dinner, I was very surprised to return to my computer to find an email sitting in my inbox. It wasn't my personal email address, but the one I used to sign up for spam and porn websites. It was the email address I had attached to our piss community, and the chat room — and waiting there was a notice from PeePillow Co.

It was a e-gift certificate for the PeePillow, in the exact amount that it would have cost me with tax and continental shipping. Attached was a little note.

A small gift from a future fan. Good luck on your webcam adventure. Here's a little something to get started with.

I was momentarily stunned — but not stunned enough to prohibit me from going immediately to the PeePillow website to plug in the voucher. It was valid. So I ordered one.

No-water-no-wee claimed he had nothing to do with the appearance of the gift certificate when I confronted him in chat later. "Didn't I just say I didn't have any money?" he said. "Besides, we were speaking in the public chat room. Anyone could have seen our conversation, looked up your profile, and sent you an email."

"I suppose..."

So I left a message in the chatroom, expressing thanks for the anonymous gift, and promising future updates. I could only assume the donor found my note. I still had no idea who was responsible.

I was excited — and nervous — for the pillow to arrive. There was a part of me that feared that I'd get called down to Student Services at any moment, to demand an explanation for the lewd package that arrived in the mail for me — there would be some nasty postal woman who would say, "we don't accept postage of this nature! Explicit! Banned!" — and I would be publicly embarrassed and shunned. There would be a bit in the school paper about a girl with strange proclivities who actually had the gall to order an item of a sexual nature — a gross one — can you even believe it?

But of course, nothing happened. I got the notification that a package had arrived, and I went down to the university post office.

"Got something good?" asked the strong-armed woman who wrangled the large package down off the mail room shelf for me. "This here's a big 'un."

"Uh, care package from my parents," I blurted, because it was the first thing I could think of.

"Damn," she chuckled, passing it over to my wide and waiting arms. "They really miss you, huh?"

Back in my room, I ripped the box open and tipped the pillow out. It was at least five feet long, almost as tall as I was, and had a kind of memory foam exterior that made me sink into it when I laid on top. It really was like cuddling another person: firm and soft at the same time.

I sat up, suddenly urgent to put it to the test.

I placed the PeePillow on the floor first, in case this one happened to malfunction for any reason. I didn't want it to soak my bed. I stripped naked, folded my clothes and set them aside. And then I straddled the pillow like a rocking horse.

I was nervous, so it took a few moments for my muscles to unclench and relax. Even then, they tightened reflexively a couple times, wary of pissing in a space that wasn't the bathroom. I kneeled wide on the floor, the pillow directly below me rubbing against my inner leg, and used my fingers like a peace sign to spread my labia apart.

I relaxed. The need to piss overtook me. And then, with a small rustling sound, piss started trickling out between my parted fingers. I gushed a patter of widely-dispersed droplets before my stream coalesced and thundered down onto the fabric in earnest. I sighed with relief, now too concerned with relieving the pressure in my bladder than with whether I ended up soaking the floor. I just let myself piss freely.

But when I looked down, my pee trickling away to nothing, I realized that the fabric was already absorbing the material. Piss quickly worked down through the layers of fibers, leaving the surface feeling smooth and clean and dry. Fucking amazing.

A broad grin spread across my face. Oh, this was gonna be great.

---

Chapter Two coming soon!
