Unintentionally Wet Vacation Pt. 01
	Desperate girl wets on a plane.
Author: xinycep

Chapter 1

Zoe stood in front of the immense glass facade separating her from the sweltering heat of late afternoon. The huge, treeless expanse of the airport's tarmac absorbed the hot sun like a sponge. She could see heat radiating off the ground everywhere she looked. In sharp contrast to the heat outside, cool, refreshing air flowed over her from air conditioners mounted high on the ceiling of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.

Zoe took a sip from a cold bottle of water as she turned and sat down next to her classmate and mutual best friend, Amber, whose name accurately reflected the luscious color of her long curly hair.

"Just a few more hours and we'll be sunning ourselves on a Caribbean beach!" Zoe commented to Amber.

"Hell yeah, I've been waiting a lifetime for this trip."

Zoe smirked, the "lifetime" had in fact been only a few weeks; as a high school graduation present, the girls' parents had paid for them to go on their school's annual seniors-only trip to the Caribbean.

"What'll you do first when we get there?" she asked.

"How about Jason," Amber stated with a devilish grin and a nod.

Zoe smirked again, Amber had always been the more adventurous of the two, and her comment didn't surprise Zoe in the least. After glancing at Jason across the seating area, she couldn't really disagree either. She had recently become single and briefly entertained the notion of a wild fling with Jason, but having never gone beyond first base with her one and only ex, she didn't really know what a wild fling would be like.

"Hm I don't remember seeing him at school," Zoe said quizzically.

"He didn't go to our school, he's one of the chaperons, but he's only like a year or two older than us."

"Oh.. well at least that explains the slightly creepy way he's watching Alexa and Eric, don't they look cute holding hands and whispering like that... how long have they been going out again?"

"Four or five years I think, I..." Amber started to say before the loud chime of the PA cut her off.

"Attention ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin boarding for flight 235. Please have your photo ID and boarding pass out and ready."

Everyone began scrambling to grab their bags. Zoe's short, light gray cotton shorts showed off her firm butt, but lacked pockets completely. As she reached into her backpack to get her ID and boarding pass a booming voice rang out over the students,

"Hold up everyone, remember all of the rules we discussed, and remember that from this point forward you need to be with a buddy at all times, even when you go to the bathroom. We're leaving the United States and you need to keep safe."

The booming voice belonged to Dave, the oldest and most strict of the four chaperons.

Zoe finished gathering her bags and jumped into line behind Ariel, a shy girl Zoe had only recently met in her Biology class. The line moved quickly, and she glanced at her ticket as she walked down the jetway. "Seat 2-D" it read.


"Excellent, a window seat," she thought to herself.

She followed Jason down the plane's skinny center aisle. He stopped at row 2, stowed his carry-on above the seat, and sat down in 2-C.

"Ah, excuse me," she murmured and slid past him into her seat.

Her barely covered thigh brushed against his muscular legs; although brief, the contact of his warm skin against hers made her tingle inside.

"This is certainly going to be an interesting flight," she mused.

Little did she know how right she was.


Chapter 2

*ding*

Zoe looked up and saw the fasten seat belt light flick on, moments before a brief jolt shook the plane.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, we've encounter an area of significant turbulence. There is nothing to be concerned about, but for your own safety please leave your seat belt on for the remainder of the flight," the pilot announced over the intercom as the plane again bucked up and down in the air.

"Damn it," Zoe winced.

She had spent the better part of the past 30 minutes trying to work up the courage to use the plane's restroom. Unfortunately, the small jet had only one bathroom. Zoe sat near the very front of the plane, but the restroom was located at the rear. Not knowing whether it was occupied, she hadn't wanted to stand awkwardly outside in the narrow isle if it were in use.

Seeing her wince, Jason reassured her, "don't worry, this part of the flight is always turbulent, there's really nothing to be concerned about."

"Ha, I wish the turbulence was all I was concerned about."

"Uh, it's not really that...," Zoe replied.

"Damn it, why did I say that, now he's going to wonder why else I look nervous."

"Uh, Jason, do you know about how much longer until we reach the island?"

Consulting his watch he replied, "I'd say about 45 more minutes, but like I said, the turbulence is really nothing to worry about."

Except, at that instance, the turbulence quickly became something for Zoe to worry about. As the plane dropped suddenly the feeling of weightlessness very nearly made Zoe pee herself; however, the drop wasn't half as bad as the jolt that occurred moments later when the plane cleared the air pocket. She had no choice but to grab herself, despite the fact that Jason sat looking straight at her; had she not, she knew she certainly would have lost it right there in her seat.

She glanced furtively at him and saw his eyes go wide as he realized the true reason for her concern. An awkward silence that lasted seconds but felt like hours ensued, until a stewardess moved past in the aisle, carefully gripping the overhead railing to avoid being thrown into the ceiling or slammed into the floor.

"Ma'am, excuse me," Jason started, then to Zoe's horror, "would it be OK if she uses the restroom?"

"I'm very sorry, but no. It is far too dangerous with this much turbulence."

"Oh, ok," he said looking somewhat defeated.

"I can't remember ever having to go this badly, will I even make it another 45 minutes?" Zoe wondered to herself.

The realization that she didn't believe she would made her have to go even worse.

"Why keep holding if I won't make it..." she thought, as she momentarily entertained the notion of just letting go. But with Jason watching her every move, she wanted desperately to avoid ruining her chance of hooking up with him.

She had a sinking feeling she would very soon be much regretting the Coke she had finished off just a few minutes earlier.

As the stewardess moved on, Jason commented hesitantly, without looking directly at her, "do you think you'll be able to make it?"

Silence followed for the next few seconds, and Zoe stared at the clouds out of the window, not wanting to answer the question truthfully, but not able to lie either.

"How do you tell a cute guy that you're about to piss yourself?"

She didn't really have to say anything, a dear-in-headlights look had taken full control of her sea-blue eyes, and her hands were still wedged tightly between her smooth legs.

"So... probably not... huh," Jason said.

He looked thoughtful for a moment, then suggested, "well, if you have any pads in your purse perhaps you could relieve enough pressure to hold it the rest of the way..."

His bluntness shocked her a bit, but she couldn't deny the resourcefulness of the idea. She knew a pad wouldn't hold much, but it might hold enough. However, although she did have a pad in her purse, she certainly wasn't keen on the idea of putting it on and wetting while a near-stranger watched and listened.

"Uh, if you do have one, you might consider using it sooner rather than later... It'll be more difficult to go just a little the longer you wait," Jason prompted her.

Zoe knew his words were the truth, and she felt her control slipping with every jolt of the aircraft. But she still couldn't make the decision to actually do it.

"Look," he said, "it doesn't look like you're going to make it another 40 minutes regardless, so your options at this point are basically to hold it until you lose it, or try a pad. Either way, you're going to end up going, but one of those options might not end with wet shorts.

The plane lurched, and Zoe momentarily lost control and felt the first few drops leak into her panties. She managed to regain control quickly enough, but that slip decided the matter.

"Look away please," she requested timidly.

With her free hand she reached into her purse and fished around for the pad. Finding it, she pulled it out and tried unsuccessfully to open the wrapper with one hand.

"Well, I can't very well put a pad on with one hand between my legs anyways..."

Clenching with all her might, she removed her hand from her crotch and opened the package. She managed to hold tight and prevent further leakage as she slipped her hands under the waistband of her white panties and starting maneuvering the pad into place. An understanding that relief would soon arrive practically doubled her urge to go. She struggled to get the pad into position in time, nearly losing control in the process. Finally, she got it settled and removed her hands from her panties.

Except then she couldn't get the flow to start. It was almost funny (although her plane ride would have ended very wet had she actually laughed); she had been holding it in so hard for so long, that now she couldn't get started when she wanted.

Zoe managed to get a few drops out, but unless she expelled a lot more she would never make it to the airport dry. Then she managed to get a decent sprinkling of pee to come out and quickly clenched her muscles to prevent overflowing the pad. She felt an even larger squirt trapped on the verge of escaping; trapped in limbo and threatening to burst the dam and flood her valley. She knew she couldn't force it back or hold it in much longer. Involuntarily, her bladder released and the jet fountained into the pad. She quickly regained control, but felt another burst trapped with no where to go but out. Fortunately the urge was less intense; she knew she could win this battle, eventually at least.

She willed the trapped liquid forward and then successfully stopped it again. She had nearly regained complete control; only a small amount of urine remained at the point where she couldn't stop it from coming out.

Looking down at her lap, she noticed there were no visible wet spots at all. She reached a hand around to her butt and felt dampness. The pad had just started to leak, but it had channeled the small wet spot to a place where it wasn't visible while she was sitting.

Zoe willed the last bit of trapped pee out and felt herself regaining complete control.

Just before she stopped the stream for good, she felt the ground go out from under her. The plane dropped fast and hit the bottom of the air pocket with great force. Gravity applied a vice to her bladder.

Zoe moaned in pain, but she could fight no longer. Her pee had to go somewhere, and the opening to her bladder hadn't quite closed yet. Pressure wrenched it fully open, and she groaned again as the stream quickly become a raging river. She felt a warm wetness on her bottom as the fleeing liquid overflowed the saturated pad and began pooling on the seat.

Hearing the moan, Jason looked over and must have instantly realized her predicament. With catlike reflexes, he grabbed her shorts and panties and pulled them to her knees, nearly pulling her off the seat in the process.

The events of the past three seconds left Zoe in complete shock. She simply sat and peed as she watched the disaster unfold, seemingly from third person. However, she quickly came back to her senses and halted the flow, not even caring about the follow up squirts that hit the now-soaked seat.

Zoe glanced up and saw that Jason had polity resumed looking away. She felt an unwelcome chilling sensation as her bottom lost heat quickly in the sopping wet seat; her shorts and panties were around her knees; and her pee soaked pad lay soggily between her legs. Yet not all was lost, her clothes had a hand-sized wet patch on them, but were not completely soaked.

"They might even dry by the time we reach the airport; provided I don't pull them back up and sit in the wet seat while wearing them," she silently hoped.

Unfortunately, now she sat exposed in a crowded airplane. Her predicament would be immediately obvious to anyone walking by in the aisle.

"Here, I have a pillow you can cover yourself with," Jason offered, returning his gaze to Zoe's eyes... at least, mostly to her eyes.

"Thank you so much," she said as she took the pillow and put it on her lap.

"So much for my chance of a wild fling," she thought dejectedly, "he probably wouldn't touch me now even if I begged for it."

She still had to pee badly, but thought she could make it another 30 or so minutes to the airport.


Chapter 3

Zoe began really regretting the in-flight Coke right around the time the plane landed. Fortunately she felt confident that she could hold on another 5 or 10 minutes while the plane taxied to the gate. As the plane began taxiing, she reached under herself and felt the seat.

"Dry enough," she thought.

Looking down, she could see that her panties had dried most of the way too. She pulled them back up, followed by her shorts.

The plane rolled towards the terminal, but then stopped short of the gate. With a sinking feeling in her stomach (that, for once, was unrelated to turbulence) she heard the intercom crackle to life,

"a plane is currently stuck in our gate with mechanical difficulties. We expect it will take about thirty minutes to clear. Please do not leave your seats until our plane has been secured at the gate."

"Ugh," she groaned, "could this day please get worse."

"Zoe, I hate to remind you of this, but you need to find a buddy to go with to the restroom once we reach the terminal. This airport is too dangerous for you to go alone," Jason said firmly.

Zoe didn't respond; she just laid her head back against the headrest, closed her eyes and sat still.

She spent the next thirty minutes looking around frantically for another female member of the group with whom she could very quickly become a buddy. Unfortunately, all of them appeared to be seated at the back of the plane.

An intense struggle raged within her mind and body. Both hands were wedged firmly between her thighs, and sweat formed on her brow from the intense effort required to keep her legs clamped together.

"Oh God do I have to pee. I can't hold it anymore. I must hold it. It would be so easy to stop the pain, I'd just have to relax a little bit. I can't lose it, I'm on a Goddamn plane full of people. Just don't think of waterfalls. Oh shit waterfalls... OH SHIT...... ok.. I'm still in control, that was too close, I think I might have let a little out. I hope it doesn't show. If we don't start moving soon I'm going to lose it all..."

Thirty three minutes later the plane began rolling forward again and came to rest next to the jetway. Amazingly, Zoe was still in control, even if just barely so. The next few moments passed in a haze. Airport personnel connected the jet to the terminal, and the few passengers in front of her began to disembark. The knowledge that she would soon have complete relief, one way or another, made her urge to go intensify.

She felt the first stab of true pain in her bladder and knew at that moment that in only a matter of seconds it would empty itself regardless of whether she was sitting on a toilet, running through the terminal or standing on the plane.

Leaping over Jason and into the aisle, she grabbed his hand and dragged him towards the door.

"You're my buddy now," she said frantically as she pulled him along.

The pair ran through the terminal towards the bathrooms. Eying the sole unisex bathroom, Zoe grabbed the handle and yanked hard. It didn't budge. It was already occupied.

Utterly defeated, she twisted her legs together and crouched down as Jason stood watching helplessly. She spent a brief moment mentally preparing to wet herself in front of hundreds of people, then felt the first drips of warm pee run down her legs. She continued to hold back as much as she could despite comprehending the inevitability her situation.

At that moment the bathroom door opened and a couple exited. Zoe saw relief, but wasn't able to move. Fortunately, Jason grabbed her and pulled her up and into the bathroom. The sudden movement made her lose all control. By the time she had taken two steps into the bathroom she had soaked her shorts with a furious stream of pee.

Zoe didn't even bother pulling down her shorts or panties. She simply sat down on the toilet and peed straight through them. She didn't bother to stop and pull them down even after she could have regained control. She was too exhausted from holding for so long, and it was far too late anyway.


Chapter 4

Jason stood awkwardly in the small bathroom, trying to appear as if he was looking away while still watching her. Fortunately, her gaze was focused down on the mess she was making. The head of Jason's rock hard erection had gotten trapped under the elastic of his boxers, but every move he made to try and free it made him even harder. Finally, he reached down and yanked up on the elastic band.

"Oh shit," he thought, as he felt himself go beyond the point of no return. Immediately his body tensed, and he held as still as possible while he filled his boxers with cum.

"Your turn," Zoe said as she finally cut the flow and stood up. Jason saw a look of momentary confusion cross her face as she looked at him. As he walked towards the toilet he looked down and noticed an obvious wet patch on the front of his shorts.
