The Job (part 1)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental and Deliberate Wetting, Spanking, and Humiliation.
By Gillian

The sunlight shone in from the east, filtering through the white curtains, casting patterns upon the hardwood floor of the upstairs bedroom. The window was open, the cool morning breeze wafting gently throughout the room, birds chirping as the new day began. Next to the window, to the left, stood a cabinet, filled with picture frames and mementos. On top of the cabinet sat an old alarm clock, manual wind, a worn cell phone, and a hairbrush. A few bobby pins lay next to the hairbrush, along with a torn piece of paper with a phone number on it. To the right of the window there was open space; only a faded picture of an old Elle magazine cover hung sloppily in a cheap frame.

Within the wall to the right of the window there was a full-length closet, the sliding door wide open, girls clothes hung in disarray, shoes and boots crammed in below. A small chest of drawers was next to the right side of the closet, it's drawers filled with jeans, tops, and underwear. The top drawer was slightly open and a pair of thin black panties, string bikini style, hung halfway over the edge. On the top of the chest lay another picture frame, a double frame. On the left side a picture of an awkward teenager aged about 13. On the right side, a photograph of a stunning teenager in a floral colored bikini, taken a few weeks ago on the day before she turned 18.

The picture on the left was faded and dusty, a family snapshot. The picture on the right was almost professional looking, better clarity, and more color, obviously taken recently. A silver watch lay in front of the frame, another torn scratch of paper placed underneath it, a number written on it and underlined for emphasis. To the right of the picture was a birthday card, one week old. The large number 18 was embossed, in pink and blue sparkle, on the front, the smudges of birthday cake fingerprints along the edges. Along the left side from the window, moving away from the cabinet was another empty wall. She hadn't decided what she wanted to hang there just yet - hence the emptiness. In the center of the room lay a double bed.

Along the opposite wall from the window was a large oak desk, a relic from her grandfather before he passed away. Books and notebooks lay in disarray on the desk, a few pens and half-chewed pencils were scattered about. In the corner, near the door to the hallway, a tall lamp stood. The wall behind it was covered in posters and pictures, fashion magazine spreads, pop stars, posters of famous woman athletes, a picture of a famous ice skater and a famous gymnast were most prominent. The door was locked from the inside, a full-length poster of a famous woman soccer player stuck on it. To the left of the door was a full-length mirror, old and dusty, set in an old frame, an inheritance from her grandparents.

She lay in the bed, her one arm cuddling her pillow, her other arm outstretched towards the corner of the bed. The light blue sheet was in disarray and only covered her calves. Face down, she tossed and turned again, mumbling something unintelligible in her slumber. Long dark hair flowed in disarray down her bare back, glints of shine sparkling in the cool dawn as the morning light filtered into her room and reflected off her shiny hair. Her body was bent slightly, her right knee angled towards the edge of the bed, her left leg straight. Her pink nylon string bikini panties stood out in contrast to the light blue sheets as she lay there, slowly coming out of her sleep. The tight shiny fabric hugged her perfectly rounded butt, the tufts exposed from the lack of coverage of her underwear. She switched arms, fidgeting again, turning slightly to lie on her left side, her right breast, bare, now exposed. Her nipple quickly grew erect as the cooler air touched it.

She groped and found the sheet and tried to cover herself with it, pulling it up to her shoulder. She moved again, lying face down. One hand reached between her legs, the discomfort slowly starting to awaken the sleeping teenager. Tangled in the sheets now, she reached back and pulled the sheet back. Once again her bared back and her butt were exposed. Groggy, she tried to focus on what she was feeling. An extreme pressure became noticeable in her abdomen as she slowly woke up. She sighed and tried to put the pressure away, and moved her head, clutching the pillow tightly, wanting to sleep some more. Breathing, she couldn't relax. Her body, awakening with every passing "tick" of her old wind-up alarm clock wouldn't allow it. The tormenting pressure that had built within her through the night was quickly becoming a nuisance. Finally waking up, Kristen realized she needed to pee- very badly. "Shit," she swore softly to herself, wanting to sleep further.

Moving again, she tried to hold off for a few more minutes, desperate for a little more sleep. The pressure grew stronger, as the more she began to awaken, the stronger the pulsing, pounding sensation in her bladder grew. Kristen needed to pee extremely badly, but she held on, trying to grasp the last minutes of sleep. Turning to one side made it worse, she lay face down again, not wanting to move. She needed to go to the bathroom so badly now the stinging pain was constant, throbbing, and incessant as her bladder cried out in agony.

Kristen tossed, wishing she didn't have to pee so badly, wanting to relax, to snooze a little more. "Just a few more minutes," she thought, and she clutched her pillow with both hands, fighting off the incredibly strong throbbing sensation that was her bladder screaming for desperate relief, the night agony as it had been stretched to capacity, full, demanding release. For a few minutes she started to doze off again, but was quickly awoken by her alarm clock clanging, out of reach, over on the cabinet.

There was no way to reach it without getting up. She woke up, her eyes wide open, and her bladder pulsated violently within her. The most incredible urge to urinate overtook her body and just as Kristen thought about getting up to shut off the alarm, a pressurized wave of pain overtook her body and she immediately clenched her pee hole shut, panicking, needing to pee so badly she knew she was in trouble, barely able to control her bodies most extreme urge. She clenched hard, her muscles taut, but to no avail. Squirming in the bed as she started to awaken, Kristen suddenly lost control and wet into her panties for two seconds, the hot pee screaming out of her pee hole, quickly dampening her thin underwear, moistening a five inch spot in her blue sheets. She froze in panic and quickly got up, clenching her muscles, stopping herself from wetting in her panties any further. Looking down in horror and shame, she saw the wet spot in her sheets, dark blue from the pee.

She looked down at her panties, the same thing, a large stain in the front, her dark, curly pubic hair obvious through the wet fabric, her body throbbing because she needed to pee SO badly. She felt another violent spasm, she barely held on, her body demanding relief, it was an emergency now, and she was starting to wet herself and could barely control her bladder. Getting up, she lunged for the alarm clock and missed, throwing it to the hardwood floor, crashing and banging at it collided with the floor. Reaching down, Kristen peed for just the slightest moment, a little pee jetted again out of her tortured pee hole. The wet stain on her panties grew, she felt the warmth of her hot urine as she leaked into her panties again, and a tiny trickle of pee ran down her left inner thigh as she recovered the old alarm clock and shut it off.

She stood there in fright, having to pee so badly she knew she wouldn't even have time to change into something to make it to the bathroom before she'd explode into her panties. Standing in front of the open window, she opened the curtain and gazed out as she closed the window, pulling the window down. One of the tenants in the duplex next door was sitting on her little porch, directly across and slightly lower than her window. The woman, a dark haired girl about 27 was sitting in a short silvery-blue satin nightgown, sipping coffee in the morning, and didn't appear to notice Kristen, who of course was half naked, her nipples thrust out from the cool air, with a large wet spot on her panties from where she had started to pee on herself.

Turning toward the closet, a strong surge of pressure overtook her, and she tried everything to keep the pee inside this time, straining, clenching; her face tense in pain as she tried to keep from wetting herself any further. She couldn't wait; she HAD to go pee. Now. She rushed to the door. She heard her Dad downstairs. Good, he'd be with Mom, so the coast was clear. She could get to the bathroom and pee without anybody knowing. Her older sister wouldn't be up yet anyway - she and her new best friend had spent the night at their place and Kristen was sure they had partied all night anyway. She opened the door, and headed quickly and quietly out into the hallway, walking in her bare feet along the hardwood floors, trying not to make a sound.

She struggled as she walked, fighting another fiercely powerful wave of pressure, the stinging sensation constant, and the pain immense inside of her. Her muscles taut, she could barely walk upright, but she did. Her bladder SCREAMED at her. She passed by the staircase leading downstairs when her sisters' friend, who was staying with them, rushed out of her sister's room into the bathroom before Kristen could get there! "Shit," she mumbled. She tried to fight off the spasm, but to no avail. Shaking, another spurt of pee escaped her struggling urethra, and just as quickly, another small trickle of pee ran down her inner thigh, pooling near her bare feet as she stood, in total desperation, on the hardwood floor. Somehow she clenched the flow again. It was getting harder each time, her body NEEDED to release, and Kristen could barely hold on.

She knew she was losing the battle. She looked down. The damage was obvious. A large wet spot on her panties, obvious for all to see. Anybody who looked at her would know she had started to wet her pants. And she was 18 years old. She felt ashamed. Another spasm. She struggled, but held on, the pressure increasing again, the pain so intense she could barely breath. "HONEY, are you UP?" her mother yelled up the stairs. Kristen panicked. She didn't want her parents to see her topless in the hallway, and with a big pee stain in her underwear too. She didn't say anything, and moved over in front of the bathroom door, waiting, struggling to keep from peeing into her panties, while her sister's friend used the bathroom. The toilet flushed, and Kristen felt relieved. Finally she could go pee.

"HONEY??" her mother yelled, her voice louder. "Yes?" Kristen said, barely able to talk, struggling with the words as she concentrated on holding her pee inside her. "Come here and let me talk to you." Kristen panicked. As her sister's friend left the bathroom she giggled, seeing Kristen standing in the hallway, and giggled louder when she realized that Kristen had wet the bed or something and had a huge wet spot in her pink panties. The girl was gorgeous, long blonde hair, tall, thin, nearly perfect legs, flat abs, and icy blue eyes. She was wearing a loose nightshirt and a pair of white underwear. Kristen was jealous, she knew she had a decent body herself, but her sister's friend was incredible.

"Shut UP Rachel!" she whispered, annoyed that her sister's friend was just standing there, giggling as she watched Kristen squirm in total bathroom desperation. "HONEY??" Her mother called out again. Kristen swore and walked halfway over to the stairs to talk to her mother, hiding her half naked body from her. "WHAT, Mom?" she yelled back. "OH, HONEY, GOOD Morning. Look, I just wanted to remind you of your appointment today. Your job, remember?"

"YES, MOTHER," Kristen yelled down the stairway. She needed to go pee so badly now she couldn't stand still. Her leg was twitching, her knees were shaking, her bladder was screaming, tormenting the eighteen year old girl as she walked quickly back to the bathroom, her pee hole about to explode. Rachel still stood there, giggling still, watching Kristen struggle to keep from peeing into her underwear any more. Kristen rushed, about to burst. Just as she neared the door, her sister rushed out of the bathroom and cut her off, clutching herself, wearing boxer shorts and an old T-shirt.

"Jenny!!" Kristen yelled. "LOOK, it was my turn. I really need to GO!" Her sister giggled as she shut the door. Kristen stood outside, almost crying, in total agony, the searing pain burning- she needed to pee so badly. She tapped her feet, and was half bent over, trying to hold herself as her bladder throbbed violently, a spasm of pressure overtaking her young, tortured body. Rachel still stood in the open doorway, giggling and laughing, her nipples erect under her T-shirt, watching Kristen struggle to hold her pee in, laughing at the very obvious fact that Kristen had already started to wet her pants. Kristen shook violently, ignoring the teasing and taunts from her sisters friend, ashamed but in so much pain and agony from her tormented bladder that she couldn't care.

Her right hand held onto the molding on the wall and her left hand was in between her legs, pressing into her pee-hole as she so desperately needed to use the bathroom. She heard her father move downstairs, and panicked when she realized he was slowly heading upstairs. She turned to the bathroom door, her legs bent, both hands trembling now, her bladder screaming, the urine on the very edges of her pee hole, about to explode, and then she heard her sister violently pee into the toilet, the strong, sizzling pee stream splashing out of her hitting the water in the bowl.

The sound of her sister urinating was too much and Kristen let out a muted high-pitched shriek and started crying, tears coming out of her eyes as pressure racked her tormented body, her bladder pulsing violently, the stinging pain so fierce she could barely breath. Her heart raced, her body shook, her muscles taut, the pain and pressure was incredible. She tried to hold on, listening to her sister continue to pee into the toilet. How she wished she could be in there, before she wet herself any more!!! The pain increased, her bladder went into a violent spasm, her muscles tensed and then shook, her body convulsed.

Kristen cried out again in pain. The pretty eighteen-year-old girl could not hold it any longer. Her body racked with agony, Kristen suddenly and uncontrollably peed for four seconds into her pink string bikini nylon panties, the gushing stream running down her left leg again, her girlhood trapped in the fabric, her slit aimed to the left as she clenched her legs. She tried to hold it, but couldn't- another jet of pee, another second.

Then she held it. Briefly, the pain was too much. The pee trickled down her long bare legs as she shook, wishing her sister would hurry up. Another burst of pee escaped, her panties wet now. 5'10 and only 123 lbs, Kristen was gorgeous. Long dark hair, penetrating big brown eyes, a perfect face, a great smile, a long waist and an amazing six pack of abs, she was the prettiest girl at the high school by far. Her only flaw was that she still looked like she was fourteen or fifteen and she had a fairly small chest, 34A in size. Even as she stood there, trembling, starting to lose all control, she looked stunning, gorgeous. She couldn't wait. The next burst of pee was too much. She suddenly lost control again for another few seconds. Her panties soaking wet with hot pee, she tried to hold it back, but hearing her sister finish peeing was too much, the sound of her sister's pee thrashing out of her body into the toilet bowl didn't help, and Kristen completely lost all control.

Crying out in shame, she violently urinated down her legs, pee exploding from her girlhood, thrashing through her pink panties, stream after stream running out from her, some down her long slender legs, some gushing directly between her legs onto the floor. Her pee stream shined in the morning sun as she violently urinated into her clothes, down her legs, and onto the hardwood floor of her parents' house, the pee splashing noisily on the floor. Rachel stood, watching, amazed that Kristen was wetting herself so badly in front of her. Rachel's nipples were fully erect; she suddenly realized she enjoyed watching the younger girl have a huge accident, right here in the hallway! Kristen cried out again just as her sister opened the door. Kristen froze as her sister started laughing. She could not stop peeing, and as her sister stared at her (standing next to her friend Rachel), Kristen continued to pee in her panties.

The pee was flooding out of the tall eighteen year old like a broken fire hydrant, a waterfall of hot, sizzling urine streaming from between her legs, flowing in sheets down the smooth white skin of her long legs, her thighs covered in her own pee as she continued to wet on herself. Tears flowed freely as Kristen started crying, embarrassed to be peeing herself in front of her sister and her friend, a huge puddle forming on the hard wood floor of the hallway, her underwear soaked with pee as she continued to shame herself without being able to get things under control.

"HEY MOM, DAD," Jenny screamed loudly, teasing Kristen. "NO, oh please no, don't," Kristen begged her sister, her face red in shame, humiliated, completely embarrassed at what was happening. She did NOT want her father to see her, not NOW!! "WHAT, HONEY?" their father yelled, now coming up the stairs. "Oh no. God no, why did you?? Oh God, no," Kristen moaned, pleading with her sister. "Look, Kristen peed her pants again!" Jenny yelled. Rachel giggled, enjoying the younger girl's complete humiliation.

Kristen froze and glared at her sister, pee still streaming down her legs as her bladder emptied. "WHAT??" her father screamed, his footsteps heavier as he rushed up the stairs. Kristen stood in shock, and tried to take a step into the bathroom to hide, but slipped on the pee-covered floor and fell backwards, her butt landing in the puddle of pee she had just made. She stood up, ashamed, her butt now soaked with her own pee, as her sister Jenny and her friend stood out in the hallway, laughing at Kristen, giggling, looking at how badly she had wet herself right there in the hallway.

Their father reached the landing and bounded quickly up the stairs and turned. He saw his youngest daughter standing there, soaking wet with pee, her legs shiny with stream marks running down them, a huge puddle of pee on the floor between her legs, and he exploded in anger. "Kristen GODDAMN IT, You're 18 years old now, WHAT in the hell is THIS???" He moved closer. A big man, he had a violent temper and both of his daughters were in fear of him. He pointed to the puddle between her legs. "YOU KNOW WE JUST REFINISHED THE FLOOR AND YOU WENT AHEAD AND PEED ON IT??? YOU'RE NOT A FUCKING DOG, YOU KNOW, YOUNG LADY!!!"

"I'm sorry, NOOOO" Kristen cried uncontrollably, she hated when her Dad got this mad! It would mean only one thing. "HONEY," he yelled at his wife downstairs "OUR DAUGHTER JUST WET HERSELF AGAIN- THIS TIME ON MY FUCKING NEW FLOOR." Mom started to come up the stairs. "YOUNG LADY, IN YOUR ROOM. NOW. RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!" he screamed. He pointed to his other daughter and her friend Rachel: "JENNY. CLEAN THIS UP FOR YOUR SISTER. RIGHT NOW." Jenny swore under her breath and headed downstairs to find a mop. No way she was going to talk back to her father right now. Rachel huddled in the corner- amazed at the anger the father was showing. She wasn't sure how to react. Kristen headed to her room, aided by her father who grabbed strongly a hold of one of her shoulders, tightly, so it hurt. Inside, he closed the door and locked it. "GET OVER TO THE CABINET AND GET ME YOUR RULER." She cringed, knowing what was coming.

She did as she was told. She had to pee again, this time mostly in fear, but also from her overfilled bladder. She knew she shouldn't have drank so much water before she went to bed, but she always drank a lot, that's why she was healthy. She handed him the long 18" ruler. "YOUNG LADY, YOU'RE GOING TO LEARN NOT TO WET YOUR PANTS IF I HAVE TO BEAT YOU SILLY" he screamed. He pushed her over towards the window, shoving her across her bedroom. He looked at her ass, soaking wet with pee when she fell and landed in her own puddle. The fabric clung to her perfect body and a bulge grew in his pants. Pee dripped down the back of her legs as she started to sob again. "Jesus, it's stuffy in here." Reaching over, he opened the window, leaving the curtains wide. There was a young woman with dark hair reading the newspaper, still sipping her coffee over on the neighboring houses balcony.

"OKAY YOUNG LADY, THIS IS FOR PEEING YOUR PANTS... WHAT??" He paused, looked over, and then saw the wet spot in her bed. "WHAT IS THIS??? DIDN'T WE HAVE A DISCUSSION ABOUT WETTING YOUR BED LAST WEEK?? DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH A FUCKING MATTRESS COSTS???" he screamed. "MISS KRISTEN, YOU PEED YOUR PANTS AND YOUR BED?? WHAT KIND OF FUCKING DAUGHTER DID I RAISE ANYWAY???" His voice was hoarse with anger, he was screaming so loudly the girl on the balcony looked up, hearing him bellow at his daughter.

He turned his daughter towards the window, so Kristen looked out to the woman on the balcony, who was now staring at her, and she cried harder now, knowing all too well what was coming. Her father's temper was fierce- as was the punishment she was about to receive. The woman looked up in amazement at what she saw - and then it happened. He reached his arm back, and with startling speed brought the ruler full force upon her ass, spanking her as hard as she could, the sharp edges of the ruler meeting bare flesh of her tufts with incredible speed. Kristen screamed.

"OH SHIIT OUCH OOOWOWOOOOOO NOOOOO". Another strike, this one landing on the soaking wet pink nylon fabric of her pee soaked panties, a slapping noise as it met the fabric. "NOOOO. Oh GOD, God, GOD NOOOOO!" She moved almost a foot forward from the force of his strike, the pain immense. "OH DAD, oh please, nooo, no more, I'm sorry, oh god, I'm sorry Ipeedinmybed, oh NNOOOOOO, please forgive me it won't happen again, Ooh Godddd NOOOOO oh GodNOOOO please PLEASE PLEASE NOOOOO". Her begging and pleading did no good, and again he struck her, the ruler whistling through the morning air as he struck her hard, the wood meeting the edge of her panties and ass, the skin turning quickly red. He was furious now. "THIS" (he strikes her hard) "SHOULD" (another fast strike, she screams in pain). "TEACH" (another, she's crying, screaming at the top of her lungs in pain, her strained voice reverberating throughout the entire house as she screams).

"YOU"(another, she's bent over, tears flowing from her eyes, her voice growing hoarse from screaming in pain, her bladder is screaming for relief again, she needs to pee so badly again!) "A FUCKING" (another spasm, Kristen starts to pee uncontrollably into her panties again, urine explodes through the already dampened fabric, jetting between her legs, a puddle forming on the floor as she wets herself again while being spanked) "LESSON!" Her father strikes her one last time, her ass totally red now, pee streaming from her legs, her legs once again shiny as she continues to wet uncontrollably into her panties and down her legs.

Her father looks at her in disgust and walks out of the room. Sobbing in pain and agony, Kristen stands there in front of the window, tears flowing from her face, her body in immense pain from her fathers incredibly powerful spanking, pee still gushing from her tortured body. She can't concentrate, can't focus, she almost faints from the pain. Tears stream from her eyes, running down her smooth cheekbones, landing on her bare breasts.

The woman on the porch across from the window looked closer and saw Kristen's pee soaked panties, the mound of her tangled pubic hair visible through the thin fabric of the underwear in the morning sunlight, with her wet pee soaked legs obvious even across the distance between the two houses. Sitting in her soft silky nightgown, her legs slightly apart on the chair, the 27-year-old girl on the balcony leans back, relaxes, and pees violently into her blue panties. She uses her right hand to touch herself as she releases a torrential stream of hot pee through her underwear, soaking her fingers, while she watches Kristen cry, half naked in the window.

Watching Kristen from the moment she woke up and closed the windows, the way she stood there, her half naked body innocent looking, her gorgeous face and perfect small nipples erect was a huge turn-on for the 27 year old lesbian. As she peed into her nightgown on her porch, feeling the wonderful warmth soak the thin fabric, relishing the sensation of her hot pee spread through her chair, she touched and probed herself.

As Kristen moved away from the window to go clean up, the girl quickly masturbated herself to a climax, moaning and trembling in her chair as she thought about how she had just watched an eighteen year old girl pee herself in the window across the way. Pee flooded out of the woman as she reached orgasm, a huge puddle on the porch floor between her open legs. Finishing, satisfied, she sat there and enjoyed herself, sighing deeply, a warm feeling overtaking her.

Breathing heavily, she started touching her soaked panties gently with her fingers again, relishing in the fact that she had just wet herself on purpose while looking at her gorgeous neighbor go to the bathroom in her pink underwear while not realizing she was being watched. Her fingers stroked her soaked panties, feeling the curls of dark wet public hair trapped in her pee-soaked underwear as she began to masturbate again, realizing how much she enjoyed the feeling of peeing into her clothes, especially while watching another girl have an accident.

As she sat there, still wet; Kristen was now in the shower, washing away the pee, letting the hot water sooth her tortured body, her nipples erect as the shower sprayed on her. She knew her Dad would have calmed down by now, but she was so ashamed at having gone to the bathroom in her pants for the second time in two weeks. And why did she have the bad luck to wet her bed, again? She was eighteen years old, in the prime of her life. She was so ashamed! As the water continued to run, she continued to cry, embarrassed and humiliated by her bad luck.

Cleaning up, she wiped her eyes dry. Stepping out of the shower, her pee soaked panties in the laundry hamper, Kristen walked out into the hallway (the puddle cleaned up by her sister, but a stain visible on the hardwood floor) with a towel wrapped around her, her long dark hair wet. She went quickly into her room and closed the door. Dropping the towel, the eighteen year old, completely naked, moved over to close the window. Looking out, she saw the woman on the porch lying back in her chair, smiling.

It had looked like the girl had spilled her coffee on the porch; there was a huge puddle between the girl's legs glistening in the light. Kristen never realized what had actually happened. Still naked, she looked at the clock. "Shit." She reached over to get her cell phone. The girl on the porch's nipples grew firm as she took her last glance at the naked teenager through the open window. Relaxing, a small trickle of pee ran out of her, into her panties again, and she reached down again, between her legs, feeling the spreading warmth, her nightgown soaked, wishing she needed to use the bathroom more than she did, wanting to feel the marvelous release again. She giggled, hearing the drip-drip sound as the last of her pee dripped from the edge of the chair onto the porch floor. She reached for the bottle of water next to her and drank, gulping the water down, drinking as much as she could.

She loved this feeling, being wet, her own clothing soaked, and she relaxed as she let her mind drift, thinking about what she had just witnessed.

Kristen walked away from the window. Looking at the number scratched on a piece of paper, Kristen dialed the digits. A woman answered the phone. Kristen nervously identified herself. The woman on the other end talked. Kristen nodded, mumbling "yes" and "OK" a few times, finding a pen from her desk, and taking notes and directions. After she put the cell phone down, she smiled. For the first time that morning, Kristen felt wonderful. Today was going to be her first real job. Even as she stood there ashamed of how her morning had gone, she felt a purpose in her life. Today was going to be great.

She couldn't wait for the afternoon to come soon enough. Brushing her damp hair back again out of habit, she opened the drawer of her dresser and changed into her clothes and headed downstairs for breakfast. She knew her father would be over his temper now but she didn't want to spend too much time around the breakfast table either. Walking down the stairs, wearing an extremely short light blue micro mini skirt with pleats; a tennis skirt fashion that she liked, her legs looked majestic, long and toned, the legs of a model.

A thin white ribbed tank top completed the outfit. A large expanse of her toned, flat abs showed, the tank stopping above her belly button. Her dark nipples protruded through the fabric, erect, there for all to see. She did not wear a bra. A small diamond belly button ring glistened in the light. Her dark hair was still pulled back, slowly drying. She was barefoot, carrying a pair of sandals in her hands as she bounced into the kitchen to sit down at the table. Avoiding the glare of her father, she headed to the counter and poured herself a tall glass of orange juice and then reached into the refrigerator for a quart of water, and then sat down at the table. Her sister and her friend were already eating silently. Her mother was reading the paper while her father was going through his briefcase, looking for something. Kristen ate her fruit salad and drank her orange juice, looking out of the kitchen window at the gorgeous sunny day. She couldn't wait for the day to start- the excitement was too much.

As she finished the orange juice and light breakfast, she reached for the quart of water and headed outside to enjoy the morning and to get away from the silence at the breakfast table. Jenny and Rachel were talking in the living room and giggled when Kristen walked by. Kristen felt ashamed, knowing everyone would be talking about how she had peed herself that morning, but she couldn't do anything about it. She tried to smile, and began to think about her new job. She looked at her watch and saw that she still had a couple of hours before she had to be there. Opening the water bottle, Kristen drank, long gulps of the water flowing across her lips. She was thirsty, and always drank water, usually over a gallon a day, if not more. Walking around outside on the sidewalk in front of her house, she waved at her neighbor, the 27 year old dark haired girl. Kristen didn't know much about her but she always seemed friendly.

The girl waved back. Kristen tripped for a minute and almost fell into the grass, exposing her light blue mesh bikini panties under her short skirt. Her neighbor giggled, catching a glimpse of Kristen's body for at least the third time that morning. Nervously, she said "hi" as Kristen neared her yard. As Kristen went over to chat with her, she never noticed the girl pacing nervously as she stood there in her loose gym shorts and sports bra, barefoot in her front yard, trimming the hedges. "Hi, what's up?" Kristen asked, deciding to talk to her. At least it was better than being in the kitchen with her Dad who had just spanked her for wetting her pants on the new floor. The two girls discussed the weather and how things were in the neighborhood. The girl asked about Kristen's new job, and Kristen beamed with excitement as she told her about it. The girl paced rapidly, her feet shuffling back and forth. She reached down and drank some more out of a large bottle of water and smiled at Kristen.

After a few minutes of conversation, she looked at her watch, and Kristen realized she should get ready, and told her neighbor she had to go. Walking back towards her house, Kristen noticed she had to go to the bathroom again, somewhat badly. It always seemed she had to pee badly. It must have been all the water she always drank. Heading up the pathway to the front door, Kristen turned back to wave at the girl, who waved back, a sheepish look on her face. Kristen never saw the pee rapidly trickling down her neighbors legs, nor the quickly expanding wet spot in her neighbors shorts as she stood there in her yard, peeing as hard as she could into her old gym shorts, the stream sizzling from between her legs onto the ground beneath her.

Her legs were soaked with her own pee, shining wet, and by the time she put away her garden tools and headed back inside, her heart racing from excitement, her nipples were taut with sexual tension as she fantasized about the teenager next door. Closing the door behind her, the 27 year old dark haired girl collapsed on the floor in her foyer of her house and finished urinating into her shorts, placing her hands up between the edges of them, her fingers probing into her panties, feeling her panties once again get wet.

She masturbated furiously as a pee puddle spread along the floor, the warm urine flowing freely from her pee hole as she climaxed herself. Gasping for her, the room spun, her vision blurry. Slowly, descending the mountain of ecstasy that she had experienced, her breathing pattern returned to normal, and she lay down on the floor, the puddle beneath her. A smile formed upon her face as she sat in her own pee puddle of her house, having wet herself and subsequently masturbating to the fantasy of her young neighbor for the second time that day.

Kristen walked in her house and quickly headed up the stairs to the bathroom, only to find it locked. Her sister was taking a shower. Once again, Kristen had to hold her pee when she needed to go. "Crap," she said to no one in particular. Going back to her room, she reached for her water bottle and took a large drink. She looked for the sheet of directions to her new job and read them. It was time to go. She wished she had time to take a pee before she left, but she didn't. Clutching the sheet of paper, her cell phone, a quart of water, and her keys, she headed downstairs, out to the garage, and into her convertible.

Sitting down on the drivers seat, she suddenly realized how short her mini skirt was, anybody walking by could easily see her blue mesh panties clinging to her 18 year old girlhood, curls of pubic hair pressing against the taut fabric. Kristen giggled. As she put the car into reverse, she wished again that she could have gone to the bathroom before leaving, and clenched her legs together in response to the pressure of her rapidly filling bladder. It was getting warmer now, and she reached for her water and drank, just like she always did. She turned down her street and started to drive to the job. She really needed to use the bathroom.

On the interstate, Kristen looked at her watch. Fifteen minutes to go. She was cutting it close. Swearing at the driver who slowly poked along in the left lane, she felt her bladder fill. Kristen drove wistfully past the next exit, wishing she had time to stop and take a pee. As badly as she needed to go to the bathroom, she would have risked the public bathrooms- but didn't have the time. She couldn't be late. Driving down the interstate, she increased her speed, feeling her bladder fill with every passing mile, her legs clenched awkwardly together in her micro mini skirt as she drove, her panties in full view of the truck drivers who passed by and often honked. Kristen couldn't care less; she needed to get to the job on time, and she needed to use the bathroom. Badly.

Reaching over to the passenger seat, she glanced at the directions scribbled on the piece of paper. Exit 41A. Left. Two more exits to go. "Maybe I can use the bathroom at the exit, cause I'm about to burst," she mumbled to herself silently, feeling the pressure increase within her. She reached for her water and took a long sip, the hot sun blinding her. She drank again, finishing half the quart before she put the bottle back down. Her skirt felt tight against her distended belly. Her long dark hair blowing in the wind as she sped down the interstate, her legs clenched awkwardly, the gorgeous eighteen-year-old girl once again needed to go to the bathroom so badly she was afraid she might lose control. Another spasm racked through her body as she saw the exit sign far in the distance. She clutched herself hard, her bladder screaming for relief.

Exit 41A came and Kristen turned off, scanning the exit for any possible restroom. She didn't care if she was late, her bladder was about to explode into her miniskirt; she NEEDED to pee, QUICKLY. Clutching herself, her knees bent, she turned the car into the only fuel station, an old dusty one out on the far corner. Parking crooked, she quickly turned the key to OFF and opened the door, her bladder screaming as she did so. She rushed to the door, dying to find the bathroom before she started to wet herself. It was locked. A sign dangled inside. "Be back in ten minutes!" She looked again, as if she didn't understand English. "Be back in ten minutes!" it said. "Oh NO. Shit!! NOO," she screamed, clenching her legs together, her bladder sending rapid spasms through her body, the stinging pee pressure immense within the struggling, tortured girl. She looked inside, clutching herself again, needing to urinate SO badly. The shop was empty. Inside, along the back wall near the coolers was the ladies' room.

The door was cracked open, and Kristen could see the toilet. Seeing the bathroom but not being able to use it was almost too much. She tried the door again, thinking maybe it was just stuck. Nothing. Locked. "NOO," she screamed again, her bladder absolutely dying inside of her. She looked around. Nowhere else. She looked at her watch; she was going to be late. She had no choice. She composed herself, and fighting her bodies urges to start urinating uncontrollably into her clothing, she ran back to her car and sat back down in her convertible, her legs trembling in total bathroom desperation, pressing tightly together. She started the car and backed out of the parking slot hurriedly and drove off down the road. As soon as she could, she jammed one hand in between her legs, pressing against her mound and pee hole, helping stem the incredible pressure that was her eighteen year old bladder throbbing in desperation, needing to pee so badly it hurt. She scanned the sheet of directions again.

"Turn right at the rock quarry entrance after the second stop sign." She looked ahead and saw the landmark. She needed to pee SO badly. Looking around, she sped through the first stop sign - there were no cars, no police, nobody out here, and she rushed. Dying to use the bathroom, she almost skidded off the road, as she turned right at the rock quarry entrance. She scanned the directions again. "Keep driving until the third entrance to the quarry. Park at the trailer and walk up the hill to the white trailer in the distance and sign in." Her bladder screamed at her. Still hot, she drank more gulp of the water. Only a quarter of the quart bottle remained. Her body shook- she needed to pee so badly. Second entrance. She kept driving, her bladder tense, it's membranes shimmering in agony, the pressure increasing. Third entrance. She looked. She saw a few cars parked in front of a shiny silver trailer. She drove in along the dirt road, looking around. The old quarry was beautiful in a strange way.

She parked and got out, grimacing as she did so, completely aware of how badly she needed to use the bathroom. Being nervous, her first day at her new job didn't help either. She went over to the door of the trailer, hoping there was a bathroom inside. Locked. "SHIT, I need to go PEEEEE," she screamed out to nobody in particular. She looked around, standing there, legs clenched together, dying to find a bathroom, her body about to void no matter what, her heart racing as the stinging pressure mounted even stronger within her struggling body. Looking up the hill, she saw the white trailer.

She started walking quickly as she was a minute late. Heading to the top of the hill, she saw a woman at a small table, under an umbrella. "Hi!" the woman said, smiling. "You must be Kristen!" "Uh, Yea," Kristen mumbled, needing to use the bathroom so badly she struggled to stand still. She paced back and forth as the woman thumbed through some paperwork. Kristen just wanted to find a bathroom and relieve herself before she started peeing down her legs.

Having wet herself in front of her Dad, her sister, and her sister's friend this morning was bad enough; she didn't want to repeat the accident here in front of total strangers! "Ok, here we go. Just read these releases and sign at the X on page four and we're ready, okay? And next time try not to be late, it's not so good, ok?" "Yea, yea," Kristen mumbled quickly. Kristen needed to go so badly she scanned the first page quickly and skipped the others, reaching to the last page and quickly signing her name. The legal stuff was of no concern to her, she only could think about finding a bathroom - FAST. As she stood there, half bent over, she felt her bladder surge inside of her, pressure expanding through her body, the stinging pain increasing. She needed to use the bathroom so badly she didn't care. She HAD to find a bathroom. NOW! The woman smiled at her. "Wow, most people read the whole thing. You must be in a hurry!"

"Yea. Um, I know this is kind of embarrassing, but do you have a bathroom somewhere? It was kind of a long drive..." Kristen smiled, embarrassed that on her first day she had to ask to go to the bathroom. But she needed to go SO badly, the stinging pressure, the pain, the waves of pee thrashing inside of her, she just needed to relieve herself before she started. She could barely hold on. "Well, you're not the first person to say that today!" the woman said. "Because we were supposed to get porta potties on the set, but they didn't show up. It shouldn't be too long though, maybe an hour, and then you can drive down the road to the gas station and use the bathroom there. We won't take that long in this heat." Kristen almost fainted. "What?" she cried out in disbelief. "Yea, I know, it sucks, but we don't have any bathrooms. Don't worry; you're not the only one who has to pee. It's only an hour; then you can go down the road and take care of things.

You better hurry, you're running a little late, and the photographer doesn't like to be late, especially today." "But, but you mean you don't have ANY bathroom??" Kristen cried out, as a surging wave of pressure started overtaking her body again, her bladder on the precipice of exploding into her panties. "Wow, you really have to go pee, don't you?" the girl giggled, looking at Kristen, now white with fright, standing there, pacing back and forth nervously, so obviously desperate to use a bathroom. Kristen didn't answer her since she was too embarrassed. This was her first modeling job, one that paid very well, and she knew deep inside she'd just HAVE to hold it. Surely, somehow, she could last an hour. Maybe they would let her pee behind a rock or something. SOMETHING! She needed to go pee SO BADLY she could barely stand still. "Come on down, let me show you where they are doing the shooting." The woman walked Kristen down the pathway into a set built up amongst the rocks.

Some construction beams lay scattered along the ground, and a small trailer lay to the right of a large rock outcropping. A gorgeous tall blond girl in a towel and what appeared to be bikini bottoms stood near the wall, waiting. Her hair shone in the sunlight, her body looked incredible. The photographer had his camera set up and plugged into the lights, a spare camera sitting beside him on the table. A large computer monitor was also on the table along with a silver shiny computer, plugged into a long extension cord that went across the dirt into the trailer. A shorter man sat behind the monitor, looking at Kristen as she walked into the area. A teenager Kristen recognized from high school the year before - she had to be a freshman in college now walked over to Kristen and introduced herself.

"Hi, My name is Nicole. Hey, didn't you go to Smith High?" "Yea, I've seen you. Didn't you do makeup for the school plays or something?" "Yea. Anyway, let's go into the trailer and get you into your clothes, ok?" The blond girl who Kristen had seen earlier wasn't in sight; she was sitting in the shade on the other side or the rock wall. A photographer's assistant was adjusting one of the lights, aiming it to the rock wall where they were going to shoot. At least the rock wall was in the shade, Kristen thought.

Nicole led Kristen into the trailer. Kristen looked around, hoping there was a bathroom in the trailer, but it was too small. A few plastic chairs, a table, and a couple of aluminum cases were all that were inside. A cooler with bottled water was in the corner. "Want some water? It's pretty hot out there and you really should be drinking." "Uh, yea, I guess." Kristen reached and drank. "Um, I know this is kind of embarrassing, but is there anywhere I could use the bathroom? I kind of have to go pretty bad. Long drive here you know." She smiled at Nicole. Nicole giggled. "Uh, yea, we were supposed to have bathrooms but they didn't show up. You'll just have to hold it." "Do you think I could just pee in a cup or something, I mean, I REALLY need to go bad, it's like an emergency!" Kristen pleaded, her body shaking with pain, as she needed to urinate so urgently. "You better get on the set, and maybe you can take a pee break later.

You're not the only one who has to go, you know. I'm dying inside, I need to pee so bad I'm about to pee into my shorts right now, so I have to hold it just like you!" Kristen looked up at Nicole and did what she was told. Nicole stood there; her tan khaki shorts a little short, fitting nicely on her great ass. She twitched her left foot nervously. Nicole needed to use the bathroom as well, although nowhere near as incredibly bad as Kristen. Nicole giggled again as she bent down and reached into the trunk.

"So, how long have you been modeling?" she asked, looking for something inside the case. "Um, this is my first real job. Some guy at school took some pictures of me last year in some stuff and showed them to an agent he knew and that's how I got this job." "Ok. Well, it does pay well, you know!" Kristen smiled. She had totally forgotten to ask how much! "Really, I forgot to ask." "Are you serious??" Nicole asked, standing up for a second. "Yea". "It's two thousand for two hours of shooting. You're not going to make THAT anywhere else!" Kristen froze in a panic. "TWO hours??" "Yea, but it might only last an hour or ninety minutes.

The photographer doesn't like working in this heat. But they'll pay you for the whole thing. It's a good deal. I mean, as long as your parents are cool with it and everything." Kristen thought of her parents. They were very religious and while her Mom supported her trying to model, her Dad hated the fact. He thought all models were bimbos who just strutted around with their body, teasing the boys. His daughter was above all of that. "Well, my parents aren't really supportive, to be honest", Kristen said. Nicole seemed really nice. If only she could have used a stupid bathroom. She wasn't sure she could last an hour without having an accident, but knew if she screwed up her first job as a model that she might not get hired ever again. She vowed to herself to hold it in- no matter what. Her bladder reminded her as she processed that thought, and screamed violently inside of her nearly perfect body.

"Wow, and this is your first job then?" Nicole asked, looking at Kristen funny. "Yea, why?" "Well, I don't know. I guess you just need the money then." "Anyway, here's what you'll be wearing..." Nicole pulled out a pair of black string bikini panties, in a thin mesh fabric. Kristen looked at them in shock. The triangle patch that would cover her most precious parts looked awful small. Nicole then held out a thin piece of black silk. "Well, take off your clothes. They said you were supposed to be pretty hot!" Kristen panicked. Nervously, she removed her tank top. Her breasts were gorgeous, her nipples erect. Nicole stared at her. "Wow, they're small, but WOW, you do have nice tits!" She laughed. Kristen shook off her sandals and then pulled her miniskirt down. The pressure inside her bladder tormented her, she really was scared now, and afraid she would start urinating at any minute. She had to hold on. She HAD to hold on. Standing there in just her blue mesh panties, Nicole looked at her.

"Wow, so you didn't shave, huh?" Kristen stood there, barefoot, in the trailer, and Nicole looked at Kristen's pubic area, the mound clearly defined, curls of pubic hair pressing against the tight fabric. A few hairs escaped the sides of the panties, and Kristen felt nervous. She had trimmed, but didn't know she had to shave! "Uh, I trimmed some, but like, you know, I didn't know I'd have to shave." She appeared confused. "Well, they'll just have to retouch it out anyway. Here, put these one." Kristen turned around and took off her blue panties and put the black ones on. Nicole glanced at Kristen's perfect body, the long back, her slender, perfect legs, and her gorgeous ass, naked in front of her while Kristen changed. Nicole felt her own bladder tinge; she needed to pee so badly, and seeing this girl, so pretty, made it worse. She crossed her legs as Kristen continued to change. The panties fit tightly, and Kristen was aware of how snugly they fit.

She looked down and in shock realized the small triangle of black mesh fabric that covered her pubic area was almost completely see through! Nicole giggled. "Wow, you ARE hot. Now I know why they are paying you so much. I mean, I'm not a lesbian, but if I were, wow!" Nicole lied. She had been sleeping with her best friend the past three years and nobody knew about it, but she didn't want to let Kristen know. Her breasts felt full under her shirt as she looked at Kristen again. Kristen grew flushed. She was embarrassed at the girls' casual demeanor, at how open she was. "Tie this around your breasts." Kristen took the thin black fabric and tied it around herself. "Ok, one more thing. Just put on these heels and you're ready to go."

A pair of high stiletto heels lay on the chair. Kristen sat in the chair, her bladder screaming as it did, the black panties cutting into her lips, the pressure of her swollen bladder tormenting her, the pain made worse by the tight fabric of the see through underwear Kristen was wearing. Putting on the heels, she felt tall and sexy, but was very uncomfortable wearing such exposing clothing. She wondered what her Dad would think if he saw the pictures that they were going to take. "Ok, you're ready to go!" 
