Barbara had managed to get herself into a situation that she had promised to never do again. She had wound up in the third period class in a desperate need to go to the bathroom.
At her school any request to leave the classroom was to be refused so Barbara was left to squirm and fidget throughout the class in the hope she could hold her water until the end of the class. Squirm and fidget she did telegraphing to all her nearby classmates the cause of her distress. Barbara had to pee very badly and her friends knew it.
Barbara was wearing a light blue, denim knee–length straight skirt. I mention all this because Barbara was completely unable to hold herself due to the tightness of her skirt. When Barbara got into such a situation, which was often, she always depended on the self–hold to forestall the wetting that was bound to happen. Now, one of her favorite means of holding out was denied. Barbara vowed to never wear a straight skirt again as she rubbed her thighs while squirming in the seat.
Desperation caused Barbara to raise her hand to request a trip to the bathroom at half past the hour. The teacher said "No" ignoring the welling in Barbara's eyes. Barbara fidgeted and looked around at her friends noting them grinning in anticipation of Barbara's accident. Barbara could not keep the tears from escaping her eyes but she did not weep. Barbara decided that no matter what happened she would not cry. But, the tears were becoming as hard to retain as her pee.
At forty–five minutes after the hour Barbara once again begged the teacher for permission to go relieve herself. Once again the teacher said "No." She crossed her legs again and rubbed her thighs wondering on the verge of tears how she got herself into such a humiliating position. She squirmed and fidgeted for five more minutes while her classmates were all looking at her and whispering that Barbara is on the verge of wetting herself.
At ten minutes before the hour Barbara's desperation became unbearable and she relaxed while her legs were tightly crossed. Barbara, thought, nay hoped, that her tightly crossed legs would keep the pee from flowing out of her body. As she tried to regain control she found that a hot liquid was invading the seat of her panties and skirt. Barbara finally realized that she was experiencing what she was dreading for the past hour. Barbara finally realized that she was wetting herself.
Hot liquid was seeping into the seat of her desk and because of her tightly crossed legs it was forced upward into her lap where it was wetting the front of her skirt where her folded hands were pushing down. It only happened for a few seconds and Barbara regained control before she completely wet herself. In less than five minutes, Barbara would have to face her classmates with a large dark patch on the front of her skirt. It would be obvious that 18 year old Barbara had peed herself like a little girl.
When the bell rang Barbara remained seated. She would not leave her desk until the last student had left the classroom. She raised her wet eyes to the teacher and pronounced that she had wet herself. The teacher then sympathized with her and told her that she would let her use the teacher's lounge in order to hide from her classmates. She could call her parents from there to get a change of clothes during the lunch hour.
Barbara was conflicted as her mother was working and her father was home. The last person on the face of the earth she wanted to know that she had wet her pants was her father. She was still wondering how she got into such a situation as she dialed her father. She was not only embarrassed but, humiliated to have to describe to her father where to find her panties and jeans to wear. But she did and he brought them.
He not only brought everything she asked for but he tried somewhat clumsily to console her. Barbara realized that her father wasn't an ogre but someone who cared. It helped a bit to assuage much of the humiliation of the day as even though Barbara was in dry clothes her classmates were clamouring for her in wet clothes. They kept teasing her and calling her "Wet Barbara" and wondering what she did with her soaked skirt.
The "Wet Barbara" nickname stuck until graduation but by then she was laughing with them about her most humiliating situation. Barbara went off to college but she didn't stay dry throughout those years. Stick around for more.
By: Leaker