Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental & Deliberate Wetting.
Day 2
The next morning Carie woke Linda up. "I need to wash your leggings, or they will stain and smell." Linda dressed and gave her mother her leggings. After they walked down the stairs and into the kitchen Carie told Linda to sit down, they needed to talk. "Dear, I can't thank you enough for showing me the wonders of peeing in your pants and I realise you want to do it often. Since I share that feeling I won't forbid you to wet yourself, but I do need to make a few rules for this. First, never do it on the wooden floors, they would bite out and the floor would be ruined. If you want you can go in the kitchen, but you need to wipe up the puddle to make sure no–one will slip over it, or do it in the sink..." with that her mother hopped on the sink and pissed her panties hard, while holding her skirt out of the way. "Of course that means you can also just sit down on the toilet and pee through your clothes there. When you have wetted you can't sit on the couch, it would soak up pee and bite out as well as smell. The plastic covered chairs I'm going to buy later will be fine though. I will also buy a second washing basked for peed clothes that I'll wince out each day so they don't stain or smell. Though I understand that peeing oneself in public is a big turn on for us all, I ask you not to do it when we're entertaining guests, and if you can't help yourself to limit it to your panties on the toilet. Finally, don't pee in pants that show in public please, you will embarrass yourself. Deal?" Linda looked at Carie. She couldn't believe it, her mother was laying down ground rules for peeing her pants, and they were much better than Linda's own restrictions on herself. "Deal!" "Good, then know your father doesn't quite understand the thrill and is looking down on it at the moment. That will change though, but in order to do that I will need to engage in sexual activity with your father, to be more precise, if I wet myself with him around I will either let him screw me or give him a blow–job. So please get out of the room if I wet while your father is present, oke?" "That's a deal mom, that is not something I want to be part of" Carie started to lough. "So you do want to teach me about peeing–orgasms, want to do it together with me, but you don't want to watch me screw of suck–off right? You just want to masturbate with me?" "Yes, indeed."They giggled and hugged. "So I notice you didn't say anything about wetting the bed? Didn't think of that, did you?" Linda teased her mother. "I did think of it, and you'll have your mattress cover before you get to bed again..." Carie winked, "I own you that much, until your father gets really into it that is not an option for me. Yet..." Linda sat with her mouth opened looking at her mom in shock. "I can wet the bed?" "Yes, but not to often or I'll wash myself silly. Linda shook her head. It had worked out better than she had planned, she needed to celebrate, and knew just how to do it. She sat on her mothers lap, facing her mother, crotch to crotch and hugged her. "Thanks mom, you're the best!" and she emptied her bladder in her shorts over her mothers skirted lap. At first Carie was shocked, but she liked the feeling and she felt her daughter's delight. She caressed her back and told her to come, have an shattering orgasm on her mothers lap and so Linda did. When she got off Caries lap Carie made Linda promise to make sure she had to pee as well next time, for it would be more fun for her then. Carie then slipped her hand in her pantie and started to finger herself. "I guess we don't have to be shy about this anymore with each other..." Carie moaned and looking into her daughters eyes light–balls flashed and her orgasm hit her like a wave.Ann was up before her mother came to her. She was also told about rules, exactly the same as Linda's. Carie and Gael had discussed them over the phone when they were at home. Gael would also get her husband to like the peeing part of the woman in their house. It would take no getting him into anything though, since he was extremely turned on the last night. When they had met last night Gael had whispered in his ears she had to pee badly and was horny as well, that she was going to piss herself in his arms and come that way while taking care of his needs. Gael didn't know that his needs would have been met without her ministrations since he was so turned on. In bed he had seduced her into wetting herself on top of him after witch he had screwed her silly in their wet bed. They didn't need to buy protective covers, he was so allergic that they had anti–allergic waterproof covers on all the beds, a thing that was going to come in handy now. Gael was not wearing a skirt but shorts and had not wet herself like Carie had. Ann hadn't peed jet as well but felt the need coming on. Looking at each other they both knew it and they knew they wanted to share the experience. Ann took the lead and grabbed Gael her hand. She took her outside, sat Gael down on a three–stump in the garden and also sat on Gael's lap, crotch to crotch. In this case they both knew what was going to happen though and Gael placed one hand in her pocked, and placed it on her crotch, fingering herself that way. "Do it, do it Ann, pee on your mothers lap, wet us, make us come!" Gael whispered in Ann her ear and Ann gave in. Thoroughly wetting her shorts and her mother they both took off and orgasmed simultaneously. When they had gotten of their high Gael told Ann to change places with her, she still needed to pee. This time Ann fingered herself and her mother wetted, but the result was the same, both had mind shattering simultaneous orgasms.The rest of the day went just like a normal day, going to the festivities, the girls telling each other about their days and finding out how similar they were and finally dinner before the next walk. Non of them had wetted themselves since the morning, they had just went to the available toilets like everybody else. Knowing you can do it whenever you feel like it, was not an excuse to do it all the time. You didn't masturbate all the time as well. After dinner they changed into their leggings and the rest of the clothes and got their backpacks with more water bottles in them then yesterday. It wasn't talked about, but no one went to the toilet knowing all to well that that meant they would have to wet themselves not to long into the walk. They greeted a lot of women they knew and signed in. After getting their first stamps they walked away, hearing woman complain about the lack of toilets everywhere. The police was prominently present and all man with camera's had to either prove they were taking part in the hiking or were sent away. While they were on the way they saw man lurking around with camera's non the less. He was caught and brought out by the officials though, so the girls didn't expect the same trouble for other woman as the day before. When they got into a quiet part of their walk, because it was leading to far away from the endpoint for the shorter walks, Gael said she wanted to pee soon and the others agreed. Just when they wanted to start they spotted an other walker, looking around anxiously to see if anyone was coming. Since that woman was standing in bright light and they were in the shadows she couldn't see them. The girls stopped and watched the woman while peeing themselves together moaning silently when they came. The woman seemed to need a pee, but apparently couldn't decide how to handle it. She was wearing a short tight skirt with a blouse on top. The girls watched her pull up her skirt and than pull it back down a lot of times until they heard her whisper 'fuck it' grab her panties and take them off without hiking up her skirt, spread her legs and peed that way. She put her panties in her backpack and continued her walk, like the girls did as well. They overtook the woman who accelerated to walk with them and she started a conversation with them. It was one of the secretaries of the school Gael and Carie worked at, and the woman was clearly glad she had some company."What a situation isn't it? No toilets available? And we can't squad as well, with that stupid clause in our contract... Yesterday I just managed to hold it in until I got home, I just squatted in my backyard and I peed there, when I was finished I went in. The time it would have taken me to open the door, go into the house and to the toilet would have been to much. I wore pants yesterday, witch complicated the matter gravely, but I decided to wear a skirt today. Still isn't easy though, this tight skirt won't let me inconspicuously squat as well. I had to take off my panties and pee with my legs wide and my skirt down and now I'm wearing no panties at all. I couldn't wipe myself and if I had put them back on again my panties would have gotten all wet and dirty. I just hope no one looks up my skirt, that would be a dead giveaway and for all intents and purposes I could just as well have pulled my skirt to let them see my bald cunt. How do you do pee with these leggings? Usually they would be good walking clothes but now I wouldn't want to wear them, the only way to pee is to expose yourself completely. Take them off or squat with them pulled a long way down. Now that is not an option or a choice for me. I have an indecency clause in my contract as well you know, and moreover I'm not into exibitioning myself. I would dread anyone seeing my cunt naked if it wasn't my partner! Ohmy, you really got speed in your walk, I can't keep up this way. I will have to slow down soon, but I guess you are taking the long route like always and I am taking the one step shorter route so we will split up soon anyway. I couldn't even walk that long a distance, I would never finish in time! I barely finish in time with my shorter route. Besides I really had to pee yesterday, I would never have made it home, I would have had to go into the bushes. How can you all drink this much without peeing? You must have elastic bladders with iron muscles. Good for you, but I would have to go into the woods to pee wearing those things. Did you know my colleague was caught coming out of the bushes after a pee, that is way I have to walk alone, we would walk together but she's banned now. I think that is a bit harsh, nature will recover from us walking in to pee, wouldn't it? Oh are you going left here, I have to go right. Byby then and see you later. It was nice to talk to you! Oops I need to go again, I shouldn't have kept up the drinking with you. Here I go again, Oh juk it's splattering on my shoes and ankles. That's disgusting, I have to decide what to wear tomorrow. Perhaps a long skirt, but then I wouldn't be able to spread my legs at all. Perhaps I need to drop out? But that would be a waste of the registration money. Goodbye! See you later!"They rounded a corner and though the woman was still shouting things to them they couldn't hear them anymore. "She is such a blab. Never keeps her mouth shut. On the job as well. Her colleague was hired since she couldn't do the job on her own. They work together and get things barely done, but when she's gone (sick or on leave) her colleague has time to spare, finishes by morning and gets bored the whole afternoon. But she has a contract and they can't fire her... Finally some silence!" They continued their walk, counting their blessings they had found such an easy and nice solution for their pee problem. They passed the rest area and saw the squatting woman again, and there were man their again walking around whistling to the peeing woman, but no camera's this time. There was also a downside to the police being there. Woman who were squatting were getting indecent exposure fines, aggravating the anger of the woman. "So they can't pay for port–a–potties and we get finned for it? What do they want, we do it in our clothes?" "If that is what they want, that is what they can get. I'll piss my pants for sure if I can't squat!" "Just squat here, there are no cops here." "No! They want me to piss my pants, so I will. Here I go! In the pants, down the legs, that is the only relieve I can get apparently!" The girls passed the group of woman while one was pissing her jeans. They were changing color clearly and everyone would know what this woman had done. "So, that feels better in the bladder. Who's next?" The others started to discuss if they should take the risk of getting a fine or pee in their pants. When two of the police officers searching for squatting woman entered the area the woman were standing in they made the choice for theme. All the woman wet their pants shouting angry at the cops that were laughing at them. The girls feared this might be the last walk anyway with the way the cops were behaving.Finishing their walk they peed themselves once more, holding hands and counting down from ten. In the interview they complained about the lack of toilets and the way the cops were fining woman who were squatting. The official got very angry about this and promised to take care of it. The next day would be the third walking day and he asked the girls if they would mind a journalist walking with them. This was also for the article in the paper, a bit of an inside story or something like that. She was a very experienced walker so she should be able to keep up with them. Naturally they agreed if she was able to keep up with them and they went home.Ann and Linda went to one of the music stalls to listen to the music. They both had to pee and knew they wouldn't need to anymore when they walked away. They were singing along enjoying the atmosphere and the music. The band was doing covers of all kinds of bands and when they announced they were going to play purple rain Ann whispered to Linda she was going for the yellow rain and Linda nodded. She had thought of the symbolism as well and decided to pee herself in this song as well. The girls were singing along and when the lead singer sang 'purple rain' the girls released their bladders singing 'yellow rain' instead. They both felt the pee rushing into their panties and down their leggings sending them orgasming higher than the song could have sent them. While they were peeing people were listing to the music and walking past them. The thrill that anyone looking would know they peed themselves added to their thrill and the intensity of their orgasms.Gael and Linda found their husbands and walked off with them looking for a more private spot. They lost track of each other in the crowd, and they decided against looking for each other. They woman were to horny right now to be bothered by that. Gael had taken her husband to the park were she sat him down on a big rock. Everywhere around them were couples making out and in the bushes most likely doing more than making out. Gael made sure he knew she had to pee by fidgeting a bit and putting her hands between her legs. She saw his anticipation rise, she knew she had him. He was into peeing as much as she was and she loved it. She sat down on his lap and started to make out with him, squirming all the time. She felt his confusion, he loved the making out but really wanted to see her wetting herself. He was not going to see that though and Gael released her bladder's content into her panties while kissing and making out. He gasped when he felt the hot wetness soaking his pants and he moaned. As soon as Gael realised he knew what she was doing she started to massage his cock making them orgasm simultaneously. When they got of their clouds they got up and he grabbed her hand. Gael gave him a hug and he whispered in her ears that he wanted to go home, he wanted to eat her out and then fill her up with his seeds again. Gael giggled and followed him home like a teenage girl knowing she was going with a boy to a bed to lose her virginity.Carie needed to take care of her husbands needs when she peed and so she took her husband home. She was planning to wet herself in the garden and then give her husband a blow job right after. He kept caressing her wet but and whispering in her ears that she was a bad wet girl. With a pang of joy she realised he didn't mind her wetting, perhaps he didn't understand, but he didn't mind! When they got to their house he led her into the garden. He pushed her against the wall and started to kiss her while he took of her leggings and his pants completely. Carie was really disappointed she couldn't wet herself anymore but realised she shouldn't show. He was really excited and was going to take her in the garden, something that had happened only once before and if he sensed she was disappointed he would stop and dislike the wetting. She resigned to wetting her panties afterwards when she realised he had taken off his shoes and socks, as well as his underwear and he was only wearing his T–shirt now while she was still wearing her panties. He shove her panties just enough to the side to penetrated her and then stayed motionless inside her. "I want to be inside of you when you come," he told her while he held his T–shirt out of the way, "you can go now." Carie looked in his eyes to see if he meant what she thought he said. In answer he just pressed down on her bladder. "Pee silly, pee yourself. I want to feel you come!" Carie released her bladder immediately and orgasmed almost at once. Her husband moaned in ecstasy, he loved it to be inside her when she came. (Sometimes in bed he would stop fucking her when they were doing it doggy stile and tell her to masturbate herself, continuing only when she had orgasmed.) Carie continued to pee and came once more before she finished her pee. She was still horny though and knowing he would love it she started to masturbate herself with and trough her wet panties sending her higher than she had ever flown. She had to tell Gael this! Masturbating with and trough your freshly peed panties guarantied a really strong orgasm! When she had gotten of her high her husband had picked her up and pushed her bud against the wall. Carie put her legs around her husband and prepared for a hard fuck. And it was a hard fuck, her but was sore the whole next day but it was such a good screw he got her off three more times before he came inside of her moaning so loud Carie was glad the music in town was so loud no one would hear. After that he had whispered in Carie's ears he was starting to like her wetting.
By: JJ