The Extra Christmas Present

by David North

This was to be our second Christmas together, Julia and me. Last year we had spent it at her parents' house in Winchester, but this year we were staying at my house and Julia's mother Amanda was spending it with us. Her father Martin would not be joining us since he and Amanda were in the throes of divorce.

I had planned to get home early on Christmas Eve, but first work and then heavy traffic prevented me getting home before six in the evening. I felt tired and worn and not really in the mood for going out for a meal with the two women, but having promised I didn't see how I could wriggle out of it. I was therefore surprised to meet Amanda coming out of the house just as I pulled up, the timing so perfect that she must have been watching out for me.

"Hello Dave," she greeted me cheerfully as I stepped out of my car and onto the driveway.

"Hi Amanda. Everything alright?"

"Yes. Shouldn't it be?" she asked, not sounding as if she meant it.

"Well, I thought we were all going out for a meal this evening?"

"We were, but Julia and I discussed it and we decided to postpone it until the twenty-seventh."

"Any particular reason?" I asked with a hint of trepidation. I hoped that Julia and her mother had not been having an argument.

"Not really, except that I want to go to see a particularly good film and the cinema this evening, and Julia wanted to go for a lie down."

"Oh no. Is she coming down with something?"

"I'm not sure. You'd better go and check on her." Amanda glanced at her watch. "I must fly or I'll miss the start of the film. I won't be too late home."

"Make sure you're not," I remonstrated playfully. She offered a friendly little wave just before she slipped into her car, and I began to get the first inkling that the two of them had been cooking something up.

I let myself into the house and called for Julia. "Up here!" she called back. I shrugged out of my coat and climbed to stairs to the bedroom, expecting to find her tucked up under the duvet and looking poorly. The light was off, and rather than dazzle her with the ceiling light, I entered the bedroom and started making for the bedside lamp.

I stopped abruptly. In the light seeping in from the landing, I could see that Julia was lying on top of the covers, and that he arms and legs were spread-eagled. I stood there staring idiotically at her shadowy form, too surprised to move. She did move, however, or at least she tried to. I heard the clink of a chain, then she said in a low, seductive voice, "Merry Christmas, darling. I thought you'd like an extra Christmas present from me this year."

"Jooles?" I said questioningly, finding my voice at last. When she didn't respond, I took the last couple of steps to the bedside table and switched on the lamp.

She was lying there in a short red dress and a little Santa jacket, a Santa hat, and even a pair of red stockings and high heels to complete the sexy ensemble. Her wrists were handcuffed to the headboard, one at each end, which meant that Amanda had helped her since she could hardly have secured both handcuffs herself. Medium-weight chain had been wrapped around each booted ankle and secured in place with a small padlock. Later inspection revealed that the other end of each length of chain had been similarly secured to the bed legs. Julia was chained to the bed and completely helpless. The realization gave me a near instantaneous hard-on.

"Wow!" I managed at last. It was lame, but my mind felt totally numb.

"I thought you might like it," she said, grinning broadly. "And while I'm indulging you one of your little perversions," she added, inclining her head towards the dressing table upon which rested a silver tray bearing two bottles of wine, four cans of beer and a decanter of what I took to be water, not to mention several glasses, "I thought I might as well let you indulge in the other while I'm at it."

I hardly knew what to say. I looked from the tray back to Julia lying prone on my bed, and back to the tray again. "I haven't seen you so lost for words since that night in the pub when you first told me how much a girl desperate to pee turns you on. If I didn't know it was impossible, I'd say you were speechless."

"Oh my God. This...this is incredible."

"Glad you approve."

"Oh Jools," I said, sitting down on the edge of the bed and placing a hand on her thigh, "you're so good to me."

"That's what I keep telling you," she said, chattering happily now. "Of course, I had a little help from mum, who is mad with jealousy of course, but I told her that you're mine and she would just have to find her own raging pervert."

"You're too kind."

"Okay, so how about pouring me a glass of wine."

"Pleasure," I said, I stood up to oblige.

I popped the cork on a bottle of Australian Shiraz, a wine Julia had taken a particular liking to over the past few months. I poured us both generous measures and then sat back down beside her. I set my glass down on the bedside table, then slid my free hand behind her head to lift it. I then held the glass to her lips and carefully tipped it up. She took several swallows before indicating that I should put the glass down. "Kiss me," she whispered, and sliding onto the bed beside her, careful not to squash her extended arm and leg, I did as I was bade. I placed a hand back on her thigh, slid it round to the inside and then up to her crotch. "You can push those aside when you need to," she said with regard to the red silky knickers.

"Jools," I said, "you do realise, if you allow me to get you desperate for the loo, that I'm going to make love to you when you have a full bladder?"

"Of course you are, darling," she said. "That's the idea."

"But what about the bed?"

"If you look, you'll see that this is not one of your best sheets, and that underneath it is a big sheet of polythene, so if you make me wet the bed, the mattress will be fine."

"Your idea?"

"Mum's, actually."

"She thinks of everything. Unfortunately, that makes things a little too safe."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, with polythene under you to protect the mattress, you don't really have all that much incentive to hold it in, do you?"

"I will," she promised.

"Hmmm, okay," I agreed. "But I would still like to raise the stakes."

"How?"

"By removing the sheet of polythene."

"With me laying on it?"

"We'll manage."

It took several minutes of asking Julia to support her weight on her elbows and heels, which she did with considerable difficulty, but I eventually managed to extricate the polythene from beneath the bedsheet. "Right," I said as I folded the sheet up and tossed it out onto the landing, "now you have to hold it in or ruin a very expensive mattress."

"I would have waited as long as I could anyway," she reiterated, somewhat peevishly.

"I know, love," I soothed, "but this way I'll know it's for real. It's important to me."

"You're such a pervert," she said.

"One of the biggest," I agreed, and she smiled to show there were no hard feelings.

We kissed again, and this time I slid my fingers inside the crotch of her little red knickers and then up inside her vagina. I began stroking her clitoris, making her moan and squirm with pleasure. After a minute of this, she said, "Give me some more wine."

"Your wish is my command," I said, jumping up and helping her to raise her head so that she could drink some more. She drained the glass and ordered a refill. I remembered to work on my glass too. I wanted to be just intoxicated enough to remove any residual inhibitions. I really wanted to enjoy this.

I plied Julia with three glasses of wine before she ordered me to stop. "I'd better switch to water now or I'll be too drunk for anything."

"You're the boss," I said, crossing the room to retrieve the decanter and the only tall glass on the tray.

"Don't you forget it," she told me as I returned bearing what had to be a litre of water.

Julia drank off a whole tumbler of water straight away, then belched in a most unlady-like fashion. "Sorry," she apologised, then added with a smirk, "That should really get things going."

"So how are you doing?" I enquired.

"I feel an urge to pee, but I'm a long way from being desperate."

"Right," I declared, "this calls for more water."

"What a surprise," she said drily as I filled the tumbler again and lifted her head, holding the rim of the glass to her lips. She drank it dutifully, although doing so a little slower than before. Her stomach was undoubtedly feeling bloated, but the liquid would quickly filter through. Two tumblers of water, which must have added up to well over a pint, coupled with three glasses of wine, surely another half pint, would soon be working their magic.

I was already as hard as a rod of iron, and decided to undress and lay on top of Julia. I pressed the head of my dick against the crotch of her knickers, and she started to moan in anticipation of what was to come. "Have me now, and again when I get desperate."

"Never argue with a lady," I said, and pulling aside her panties, I entered her.

I managed to delay ejaculating until she was building up to her first orgasm, so that we both reached a climax together. Julia screamed with pleasure, and I was glad that Amanda had gone out rather than hanging around downstairs. As her breathing settled down, Julia whispered, "I always want to pee after an orgasm. So, you'll be pleased to hear that matters are suddenly much worse."

"Mmmm, wonderful."

"Yes, except that I'd like you to take your erectus membrus out of me because it keeps pulsing and pressing on my bladder.'

"Don't you mean Bigus Dickus?" I asked as I allowed the weight of my body to press down on hers, aware that I was now adding external as well as internal pressure to her abdomen.

"Oh," she gasped for the first time. "Dave, get off and let me regain a bit of control, or this will be over very soon."

"No, no, no," I said, obediently extricating myself and immediately reaching for the half-empty water decanter. As I filled the glass, Julia said, "I can't drink any more water yet."

"But I insist," I said, and moved in with the brimming tumbler, sliding my free hand behind her head again.

"Dave, no. Please."

"Beg all you like, young damsel," I asserted, "but you will drink."

"Idiot," she replied with mock severity and then parted her lips to receive the rim of the glass. I poured a third tumber-full into her, calculating that she had now consumed more than two pints of liquid in less than half an hour. I could tell from the worry lines on her brow that she was seriously starting to feelthe effects. As I set the tumbler down beside the almost empty decanter, I saw her twist her right leg inward in an effort to press her thighs together. She couldn't, of course; she got nowhere near being able to close her legs.

"Ouch," Julia complained. "It's really building up quickly. You shouldn't have made me drink so much early now. I doubt if I can last much longer now."

"Don't think that old ploy is going to work on me," I teased. "You're here for the evening."

"Oh Dave, I'm sorry but that's not realistic. I can't hold it too much longer, and now that you've removed the plastic, you'll have to make sure I can get off the bed before I lose control."

"I keep trying to tell you, Jools, losing control is not an option."

"Look," she said, a slight edge to her voice that hadn't been there a minute before, "my bladder can only hold so much, and thanks to you it's filling at an incredible rate. I'm already having to fight to hold on."

"Good," I said mercilessly. I climbed back on top of her, holding my weight on my arms as if I were about to start doing press-ups, which in a way I was. She vented a frustrated moan.

"Please Dave, let me go to the loo before we make love again. I really don't think I can hold it with your dick pounding against my bladder."

"You can't deny me now," I told her, firmly but kindly. "I'm so worked up my dick won't go down for a week."

"I'm sure I can sort that problem out for you," she said. "Just, not now." She squirmed again, tugging at the handcuffs holding her wrists. At the same time, I felt her legs writhing on either side of mine as she tested the chains holding her ankles. She could hardly have imaged that she could free herself, so I suppose the movement was more a reflexive response to the discomfort she was experiencing. My penis was throbbing with desire; I couldn't stop now.

"I'm sorry Jools, but I'm longing to enter you."

"You can't. Dave, I'll wet the bed."

"No you won't."

"I will," she insisted. "I'm really full. Please let me go."

"No. You have to hold it. You can't ruin the matress."

Julia started tugging at all of her restraints. She knew full well that her efforts were futile, but she struggled just the same. I lowered myself, reaching between her spread legs to pull aside her knickers. "Dave, don't. Please. I'm bursting."

I ignored her and slipped the head of my penis inside her. I tried hard not to thrust myself deeply into her, but the urge to do so was nearly overwhelming. I made myself advance slowly, sliding gently back and forth, my sensing tingling. Julia was turning her head from side to side, grunting and groaning in frustration as she fought against the urge to urinate, desperate to stop me penentrating more deeply into her but helpless to prevent it.

"Dave. Stop. I--oh! I can't--hold it! Please stop; please stop. Pleeeaase!"

"I can't I rasped out as I drove my erection further into her, feeling the constriction caused her distended bladder and revelling in the erotic tightness it created. I was in ecstacy, my thrust growing harder and harder as I lost whatever self-retraint I had. Julia let out a long, unbroken moan and she fought against her bonds. Her poor bladder felt firm enough to explode and I was hammering against it without compassion.

At last, unable to take any more, Julia shouted angrily. "Stop it! Get off me. Now!"

"Can't," was all I could squeeze out, because at that moment the fire in my balls was spreading along the shaft of my penis, and then began to erupt from the end like lava from a volcano. It lasted longer than usual, and was slow to subside, and all the while Julia was struggling frantically underneath me.

Finally, I was spent and started to collapse on her. "Get off!" she squealed in my ear, and I'm nimbling rolled aside. I sat up and watched her frantic struggles, her legs wiggling, her hands clenching and opening. I looked at the bed sheet between her legs, and apart from the discharge from our intercourse, it was otherwise dry. Somehow, she had held it in against thew worst that I could do.

"Get these chains off me!" she said, her tone furious. "Hurry up, can't you. I'm breaking my neck!"

"Where...where are the keys?" I asked, exhausted and longing to just lie down and recover.

"In the dressing table. She put them in the top drawer," Julia informed me, her voice shaking with the effort she was making to control her bladder.

"Which one?" I asked, since there were two drawers.

"How the hell she I know?" she retorted, her pain fueling her temper.

I looked in both drawers but found no keys. "They're not here," I reported.

"They have to be!" Julia said, her legs now working overtime as she did her utmost to put her thighs together, and still failing. "Look again, for God's sake!"

"There's no point, Jools," I said. "They're not there."

"If you're doing this to make me wait longer, you'd better know that I am on the very brink of pissing all over your bed, and there's nothing I can do to stop it. Now will you stop buggering about and unlock these fucking chains!"

"Jools, I'm not lying. There are no keys."

She looked as if she was about to give me another lashing with her tongue, then her expression changed, becoming a mixture of horror and despair. "Oh no. She took them with her. She bloody well took them with her. Oh! The cow! I'm practically wetting myself and she's gone swanning off to the pictures with the bloody keys."

I almost made the mistake of asking Julia if she could wait until Amanda got back, but of course she couldn't; Amanda would be gone for at least another hour, probably longer. "Oh shit," I muttered.

"Actually, it's oh pee, because I simply cannot hold it any longer."

"Oh Jools, I'm really sorry."

"I bet," she shot back angrily. "I'm sure you're loving every second of this."

I didn't bother trying to deny it, because as much as I ordinarily hated to see Julia suffer, I couldn not help but enjoy her desperate predicament. Without speaking, I went to her and sat down on the edge of the bed. She didn't reaction to my presence but simply stared up at the ceiling, a look of immense strain on her face. Hoping she wouldn't bite my head off, I placed a hand on her left thigh and felt the muscles in her legs trembling with the effort she was making to contain her pee. I would dearly have loved to rest my hand on her abdomen and massage her, disturbing her taut bladder and making her agony even harder to endure.

She gave a sudden, violent spasm, her arms and legs pulling frantically in a last desperate attempt to delay the inevitable, but she couldn't, not this time. I watched in fascination as pee spurted through her panties and sprayed out onto her short santa skirt and onto the bed sheet. The flow slackened for a few moments as she made a final effort to stop it, but it overwhelmed her and surged with even greater force, spraying the bed almost as far down as her knees. A little of the spray landed on my hand as I stroked her thigh, but nearly all of it found its way into the matress beneath her. I knew it was ruined, and that replacing it would cost a small fortune, but I didn't care. If that was the price of having this incredible experience, then so be it.

Julia relaxed in her bonds as the flow finally abated, and after a final spurt, stopped altogether. She turned a red face towards me then, not red from embarrassment, but from the exertions she had made to wait as long as she did. "I'm sorry," she said without particular feeling (clearly, she was still annoyed with me).

"It doesn't matter," I told her, indicating the ruined matress.

She closed her eyes and slowly shook her head. "I suppose I didn't stand a chance anyway, not when you and my mother start conspiring together."

"We didn't," I protested. "I didn't know anything about this."

Julia sighed. "I know," she admitted. "She really set me up. I'm going to have words with her when she gets back."

"Let's just hope she hasn't lost the keys," I said, regretting it almost at once.

"For heaven's sake, don't," Julia said wearily. "It's just the kind of thing she might do." After a pause, she added, "I'm going to get her back for this, Dave. And you know what? I want you to help me."

I nodded, wondering exactly what Julia had in mind, and experiencing a little flutter of anticipation at witnessing yet more female desperation. I had the strong sense that this would turn out to be a truly unforgettable Christmas.

