A story about returning home from a night out

by Henry

When Shirley was temping. in an office in the city, she was invited to a hen night the regulars had organised. The girls decided they would have a "tight jeans" competition. Shirley, who was petite, with curly black shoulder length hair, and a rounded figure, fancied herself to win this. She wore some old jeans, that were really too small for her now, and just managed to squeeze herself into them. They were literally skin tight, but she only won second prize, losing only because the outline of her knickers was so clearly visible.

After a couple of drinks near their office, the group moved to a pub in East London, closer to where most of the girls lived. Shirley was drinking lager, rather than wine or spirits, in an attempt to stay sober, but she still drank far more than she intended. Suddenly it was much later than she thought, and she was worried she might miss the last train home. There was a group of them going home by train, but only Shirley was heading into town. While they were waiting for a train, Shirley realised that she was quite drunk and was having trouble keeping her balance.

She was also wanting a loo. She looked round the station, hoping to see a Ladies, but there wasn't one. She thought about going outside and finding in the nearest pub, but she didn't want to do this in front of the other girls, none of whom seemed to want to go. Nor did she want to risk missing the train. No trains came for about 10 minutes, by which time Shirley was dying to go, despite keeping her legs tightly crossed most of the time. She had just decided that she had to go and find one, when a train appeared. It was not the through train she wanted, but at this time of night it was better to get any train to central London than remain out in the East End. There was the additional consolation that she thought she would be able to find a loo when she changed trains.

Shirley sat with her legs tightly crossed. This did not relieve her need to pee as much as she had hoped. Sitting down made her jeans even tighter across her bladder, and that made her want to go more urgently. She looked at the route map on the wall. The first major station she could change trains at was Whitechapel, which was a junction, so there had to be a loo there.

She counted off the stations. Every time the train stopped she felt she was wanting the loo more badly. As her need became more urgent, so she crossed her legs even tighter. When she got off the train at Whitechapel, Shirley realised how much she needed to pee. She was absolutely bursting to go, so badly that she was having to make a real effort to contain herself. Desperately, she looked round for a Ladies. There was no sign of any loos on the platform.

She hurried, as much as she could with a bursting bladder and such tight jeans, to look on the other platforms and in the main entrance concourse. There did not seem to be a loo anywhere. She had to find somewhere, she could not bear the thought of having to wait much longer; her bladder was bursting, and she desperately needed a loo. Then she saw a "Toilets" sign pointing along a subway. The drink was going to her head as well as her bladder now, and she could not think clearly what she should do.

There seemed to be a maze of subways around the station, and Shirley staggered along them, desperately hoping to find somewhere she could have a pee. Walking was making her frantic, and, when there was no-one looking, Shirley was holding between her legs to ease the strain on her bladder Nowhere could she find the loo she so desperately needed. It was almost 11,30, and she was in danger of missing the last train, but she wanted to pee first. She hobbled back to the station and asked a porter how long before the next Wimbledon train. He pointed to the indicator board.

"Take the next train from platform 4 and change at South Kensington. If you are lucky you will still get the last train." The train was due in 1 minute, so there was no more time for Shirley to look for a loo. If she missed the train to Southfields, where she lived, she was totally stuck, as she did not have enough money for a taxi. She tried hurry to platform 4. She was frantic for a pee, but there were too many people about for her to hold herself. She could not walk quickly, and it took all her strength to keep control of her bladder. She twisted her legs together while she was waiting for the train. She told herself that she would have to hold out until South Kensington, where she was convinced there would be a loo. The train was crowded, and Shirley could not find a seat. She was dying for a pee when she left Whitechapel, and it was getting worse all the time.

She was standing with her legs twisted tightly together, and as she became more desperate, so she kept squirming about to try and find the most comfortable position. Because she was quite drunk, she was having trouble keeping her balance anyway, and it was more difficult as she wound one leg round the other in an attempt to control her bladder. Every station they stopped at she was telling herself that it was one nearer the loo, but the train seemed to be going very slowly, and waiting a long time in each station.

She was desperate, and the anticipation as she approached South Kensington made her want to go more urgently, so she was shaking with the effort of controlling herself by the time they got there. As soon as Shirley was off the train, she was looking for the Ladies. As quickly as she could she checked all the buildings on the platform, but there was no Ladies there.

Walking was making her want to go desperately urgently, and she was having to clench her bladder shut. Several times she just had to hold between her legs, as she felt she was on the brink of wetting herself. When she did this, she faced towards the wall, so nobody could see what she was doing. She had to find a loo of some sort quickly, because she could not wait much longer. She saw that her train to Wimbledon was signaled, and due in 5 minutes. It was probably the last train, so she had to find a loo quickly.

She hurried up to the entrance, but there were no loos there either. The indicator board now showed her train due in 2 minutes. There wasn't time to find a loo and get that train. She asked the ticket collector the time of the last train to Wimbledon. He pointed to the indicator board; "That's it," he said, "due in 2 minutes." Shirley was almost in tears. How could she find a loo before the train came? It was impossible. The train was her only way of getting home, so she had to get it. Somehow, she was going to have to hold out until she got to Southfields.

She hobbled back down to the platform. She desperately wanted a loo. It was taking so much effort to contain her bladder that she could not walk properly. When she reached the platform, she felt she could not wait any longer. She closed her eyes and concentrated all her strength on her bladder. Even holding between her legs, it was all she could do to stop herself wetting her knickers. She was absolutely bursting, and her bladder was starting to hurt where her jeans were pressing so tightly on it.

Slowly the crisis passed and she regained enough control not to have to hold her crutch. Several men were staring at her, and she knew it was because they had seen her holding between her legs. She staggered along the platform and sat down, twisting her legs tightly together. She still frantically wanted to pee, however tightly she crossed her legs, and she had to tuck her hand between her legs and hold herself back.

The train was delayed, obviously, as the indicator was still showing it due in 2 minutes. Shirley could not think what to do except wait on the platform and hope that she would not want to pee any more desperately. She noticed that two men were still watching her, so she tried not to hold her crutch, but soon the urge was too strong, and she felt she would wet herself if she did not hold it back. At last the train came, and Shirley staggered onboard. The men that had been watching her followed. One sat nearly opposite her, and the other stood by the door, looking straight at her.

She crossed her legs as tightly as it was possible to do so, hooking one foot behind the other leg to get even more pressure. Sitting down did not make her any less desperate. Her jeans pressed harder against her bladder, and the urge to pee was almost unbearable. There were too many men looking at her for Shirley to dare to hold between her legs again. She concentrated all her strength on keeping her bladder shut, squeezing her thighs tightly together and gritting her teeth with the effort required.

She held on like this for two stations, but, by then she wanted to go even more badly. She sat on her hands and tried to squeeze her legs together even more. She could feel that she was about to give way and wet herself. She was about to hold her crutch when she saw the men staring intently at her. She dare not hold herself with these men watching; somehow she was going to have to wait some other way. She tried to move her hands further under her bum and get her fingers between her legs from underneath. She could not press against her crutch hard enough to have any real effect.

She tried to summon up some more effort to control her bladder. She was using every ounce of her strength to hold her pee back. She was shuddering with the effort she was making to control her bladder, and she was afraid she was not going to be able to hold on much longer. Somehow, Shirley survived like this for two more stations, but then need to pee became too strong to contain any longer. Four stations before Southfields, Shirley started to pee in her knickers. She tried everything she could, short of holding her crutch, to stop herself, but the need to pee was simply unbearable. Despite using all her strength to keep her bladder shut, she could not stop dribbles and squirts of pee leaking out into her jeans. She was still sitting on her hands, and she could feel the warm wetness spreading across her jeans and on the seat.

She still fought to stop herself breaking down completely, hoping that no-one would notice what she had done. She knew the men were still watching her, and she was sure they knew she was bursting, as they had seen her holding her crutch on the station. She glanced down at her lap. So far nothing showed there. If she could manage to hold out, and not let any more pee leak out, nobody would know what she had done.

She thought that having let some pee out, she would not want to go so badly, but the opposite was happening. She had lost control of her bladder, and, no matter how much she tried, she could not stop herself letting more spurts into her knickers. Her need to pee was no less frantic, and she was still having to fight with all her strength to stop herself letting go and completely bursting into her jeans. The more she leaked, the more she was afraid someone would see what she was doing.

She hoped the men watching her would get out at Putney, but they were still on the train as they neared Southfields. Shirley tried to think how she could get off the train without them seeing her wet jeans, and without them following her. When the train stopped in Southfields, she still sat there, hoping they would get out first. When most people had got off, and the doors were about to close, Shirley suddenly got up and ran off the train. She just got out as the doors were shutting. As she ran for the exit, she could feel more pee leaking down her legs. Now she was in a panic. She had to control herself. She held her crutch as she pushed into the crowd at the ticket barrier, somehow managing to show her ticket with her left hand.

She ran out of the station, not caring about anything except getting away from the station and home before anyone saw she had wet herself. 

She was holding her crutch as she ran, in a last frantic attempt to keep control of her bladder, but trying to run when she was so desperate was almost impossible, and she was still leaking past her fingers. As she turned off the main road, and there was no-one near her anymore, the effort of holding back became too much, and she let go completely. Pee just flooded into her jeans, running down her legs and onto the pavement. She stopped running. Now she had let go like this, there was no point in trying to hold on any longer, so she kept on until her bladder was empty.

She relaxed and stood with her leg apart. Her pee came pouring out with such pressure that the stream passed through her knickers and jeans as if they were not there, splattering on the pavement. It was such a glorious feeling of relief that she did not care that she had wet herself. All that mattered to Shirley was that at last she could relax and ease the terrible bursting pressure in her bladder. As she finished peeing, she hurried home before anyone could see the mess she was in, still with an aching stomach to remind her of the strain her bladder had been under.

