(A true story)
Pam and I have been friends for years, and during that time I had introduced Pam to the great out doors. As a city girl she had never been camping, fishing or even spending time in nature. One of Pam's favorite pastimes together was to go to a near by lake and just kick back and relax.
We had been at the lake all day, swimming, and just hiking in the woods that surrounded the lake. We brought some beer like always and had been drinking it right along. Pam can drink here share of beer and hold it right up to the point that she has to pee for the first time. From then on, she is a regular "Old Faithful" about every 15 minutes or so and she had watered her fair share of the trees that day. The bad thing is that she is pee shy, and has to have privacy to pee.
As evening approached we decided to head back to town. Knowing Pam's bladder, and that we had a good hour's ride back to town I went by the restrooms at the entrance of the park before we left to give Pam one last chance to empty her bladder. When we got there I stopped and reminded her about her thimble–sized bladder and she just shook her head and said she was fine, so home we headed.
Over the course of the next 10 minutes I noticed that Pam was talking less and less and I wandered why. The only thing she does more than pee when drinking beer is talk. When I looked over at her I noticed her legs crossed and she was swinging the top leg in little strokes back and forth. I asked her if she was OK and she stated that she was fine, just a little tired from the day. 
After another 5 minutes driving I knew she needed to pee when she started squirming around in her seat and she asked me how much longer. When I told her about another forty minutes she let out a small groan and I asked what was wrong. She said "nothing, she was just wanting to get home." While she said this she was still shifting in her seat, and crossing and un–crossing her legs.
Now I was no longer paying attention to my driving, but was stealing quick glances at Pam. In all our years of running around together I had never seen her desperate before. After a few minutes I noticed her hand slid between her legs as she squeezed her crotch a few times. She also pulled the waistband of her skin–tight shorts away from herself in an effort to reduce the pressure her shorts were putting on her bladder. Pam let out another groan and I asked if she was all right. She didn't answer right away and then stated "no, I really have to whiz." I asked if she was going to make it and she said she wasn't sure. When I told her she should have "gone before we left" she laughed a little and told me to shut up or she would whiz on my cloth seats. She let out another groan and grabbed her pussy with both hands and crossed her legs tightly over one another. 
Pam told me to "find a place for her to whiz NOW or she was going to piss on my seat." We were on a busy road with lots of traffic and no trees or bushes in sight. As I approached the closest side road Pam groaned again and unzipped her shorts. By now she was begging me to hurry up and find her a place to whiz. I turned onto the dirt side road only to find three houses facing the road. I quickly drove past the houses looking for anywhere out of sight of people to stop. Pam was telling me to hurry up, bouncing in the seat and holding her pussy for all she was worth. As I went up a small hill Pam totally suprised me by ripping off her shorts and thong underwear throwing them on the floor board. Here was a gorgeous woman in a tight T–shirt, and tennis shoes sitting in my seat dying to pee and holding on to herself as tight as she could rocking back and forth and repeatedly begging me to hurry up. 
As I crested the hill I saw the coast was clear and quickly pulled to the shoulder of the road to stop. As I did so Pam began to fumble with the door handle trying to open the door as quickly as she could. The car no more than stopped and the door flew open and she jumped out of my van. 
As her feet hit the ground she spread them as pee started gushing from her bare pussy. She didn't even have time to try and get out of my sight or squat to the ground. She pissed for ages with the biggest gush I had ever seen. Piss flew everywhere and Pam pissed so hard she even pissed on her shoes. As she slowed to a trickle she let out a sigh of relief and looked over at me realizing that I had been staring all the time. Pam turned a deep shade of red and started to apologize for peeing in front of me when she noticed my stiff dick sticking up in my jeans. She just kind of smiled, picked up her jeans and underwear from the floorboard and put them back on. As she crawled back into the car said she was sorry telling me she had never had to pee so badly in her life. 
I headed back to the main road and on into town. By the time we got into town she was rocking in the seat again and complaining of having to pee. But that's another story'.