Dana had everything going for her. At twenty–five years old she had just landed a job paying $75,000 per year and she didn't even have a college education. I guess you could say she aced the interview by bluffing her way through it. Suddenly, Dana was the Vice President in a well known technology firm and had seven people working under her. Dana was good at doling out responsibilities, as she was the oldest of three sisters. Dana was also an Aries, so she was a born leader.
It was early September, the first day of Dana's new job. She was to spend the first week taking an intensive training course offered by the company for all new executives. Dana was confident. She dressed in a conservative blue suit, the skirt slightly above her knees. Her blouse was white. She looked the part. When Dana arrived at the training center, she found that she was the only female there. There was Dana, sitting among nine men. Dana didn't mind. She was pretty and sensual, and she knew it.
To welcome the new executives, the firm had coffee and bagels before the class began. Dana ate heartily, and drank three cups of coffee. The next step was to watch a video about the Company. A few of the men went into the hall in search of a men's room before the video began. Dana, however, stayed seated. Her bladder was filling, but she did not have to go bad at all. She thought she'd be okay until the end of the video and didn't give her filling bladder much thought.
Of course, the first part of the video was boring. On the screen was the President of the Company speaking about policies and procedures. Dana's mind was wandering as she didn't have much tolerance for detail. She scoped out the men, and of course, there was one that she found very enticing. She gazed at his crotch. She couldn't tell the size of his package through his suit pants, but began to fanaticize about it nonetheless.
It wasn't long before Dana became aware of her filling bladder. She had to pee and it was getting worse. She realized that she would have to hold it until the video was over, but couldn't really tell how much longer that would be. On the screen in front of her, the President was introducing some Company big–wigs. Dana crossed her legs, but soon began to fidget. The guy she found interesting was also checking her out. Their eyes met, and they smiled at each other. Dana's need to pee was increasing, and she was now rocking back and forth in her seat. Joe, the interesting guy was watching Dana closely. "The girl needs to pee" he thought to himself. His package began to swell at the thought.
Dana, who wasn't concentrating on the video at all, could not concentrate on anything now except for her very full bladder. She didn't think she could wait, so she got up to search for a toilet. When she reached the door, one of the executives who was running the video told her that she couldn't leave until the movie was over. "How much longer", Dana asked? "Not much longer" replied the executive, "only about 20 minutes more". Dana returned to her seat but could not sit still. Joe could not take his eyes off her. He was secretly hoping that Dana would lose control, after a bout of desperation.
Dana was in trouble. Her bladder was throbbing. She slipped a hand under her skirt and gave her peehole a squeeze. Of course, Joe didn't miss a minute of this. He had a raging hard–on, and now it showed through his suit pants. Joe inched his chair closer to Dana's. Dana was rocking back and forth now, legs crossed, with a desperate look on her face. "Gotta go pretty badly, huh"? Joe asked. "Yes" Dana replied, "is it that obvious?" Joe told her that she'd be fine. He told her to try to concentrate on the video. Dana had no interest in the video and could not get her mind off the piss that was about to pour out of her at any minute.
Finally, the lights in the room came on and the video was over. The executive asked if anyone had questions. Everyone except for Joe and Dana had questions. The session was far from over, as the executive took his time answering each question in turn. An intense spasm hit Dana, and even though she tried hard, a few drops of piss escaped her bladder. She shoved her hand between her legs, not really caring if anyone could see this. Joe leaned in closer and asked Dana if she was still dry. Dana told him that she had begun to leak. She felt like a school girl, but she definitely needed to leave the room. The executive was still answering questions from the other guys in the group when Dana decided to ask a question of her own. When the executive acknowledged her, she said "I have to go to the bathroom rather badly and was hoping to leave the room". The executive smiled, assuring her that they were almost done and there would be a break as soon as the questions were all answered.
Joe watched as tears formed in Dana's eyes. She knew that if she had to wait much longer, when she finally would get to stand up, she'd piss her pants. She felt her bladder had given way already and the only thing holding back her flood was the pressure she put on her peehole by pressing hard into the seat. "I'm afraid to get up" Dana whispered to Joe. "If I do, I'm going to embarrass myself". Joe felt sorry for her, but he was very turned on. "Come on", he said "you're a big girl, you can hold it in". Dana could only nod, but she knew that she couldn't wait once she stood up. She thought she'd let everyone leave before her, then she'd stand and hopefully the piss would fall straight to the floor, keeping her skirt dry.
Another spasm hit Dana hard. She went to move her leg to alleviate some of the pressure. When she did this, her peehole came away from the chair where she had it pressed hard – just for a moment. A moment was long enough though. She felt the piss begin to pour out of her and tried hard to regain control. Joe was watching as piss was falling to the floor under Dana's chair. She was absolutely soaking wet. Finally she regained control. She still had to go pretty badly even though a lot had come out. She knew her skirt was dripping.
Finally, the executive declared a break and everyone scurried for more coffee, or to the bathrooms. Joe and Dana remained in the conference room. "Well, Joe said, if this guy is as long winded after the break as he was before it, you'll dry off before you actually have to get up and walk out". "But I still have to go bad" Dana said. Joe told her to open her legs and let the rest out. He assured her that she'd dry off before they had to leave the room again. Dana didn't need much prompting, or her bladder didn't need much prompting. She was pissing uncontrollably again, the rug beneath her was soaked.
Just then the executive returned, followed by the other men. "Dana", the executive said aloud – "I thought you needed to use the bathroom, now is your chance". Dana turned crimson red. She was empty now, as the last drops of pissed escaped her overstretched bladder. She couldn't very well get up and walk to the bathroom, as every part of her lower attire was dripping with pee. After everyone was seated, the executive said "okay Dana, we'll wait while you run out and use the bathroom". "I have to go too" Joe said. He thought if he got up and walked close behind Dana, her accident would not be as obvious. Joe looked at Dana and willed her to get up and walk out. She did, and Joe followed close behind. There was laughter in the room as they exited. Joe and Dana didn't know if the laughter was due to them seeing the dripping pee as she walked out, or if it was due to Joe's following so close behind her like a lovesick teenager.
I guess they'll never know! Joe and Dana will be married next month. That first day of training was the beginning of a two year courtship for them. They will be married by the water – right in their element.
MoonSpirit