Ski Opening: Part 1
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

Janet and her friend Martin joined a group to the ski opening in Ischgl ( Austria ). The trip started at 7 p.m and they had to drive the whole night with the bus to arrive in the early morning after the twelve hour drive. The group was mixed but most of them were between 20 and 35 years old and they wanted to have party, so there were lots of beer and prosecco drunk. That meant they had to visit the loo frequently. Martin who really liked girls desperate enjoied waching it but got a bit disappointed because they were able to go every time.

But he should become happy later. Janet also went to the loo neary every hour but after half of the trip the board toilet was full. The driver told them he could empty it only at special places and so they had to tell him to stop if they needed a break. But that doesn't work because every now and then somebody wanted to use a restroom. So the driver told them he would stop every hour until they arrive. Martin watched the girls around him and could notice that some of them had to go again half an hour after the first stop.

But of course none of them get really desperate. At about 4 a.m they stopped again and Janet rushed to the toilets because the steadily drinking made her about to burst now. But after that stop most of the passengers became tiered and also most of them were pretty drunk now so Martin and Janet decided to try to nap a bit too. They managed to relax a bit and fell asleep, but not very deep. And in the fog of sleep Janet realized that her bladder was about to refill again. But it was not a urgent need and so she fell back asleep and because she was very tipsy she missed the last stop about an hour before reaching Ischgl. At 6.20 she woke up and felt that she now really needed to pee. She looked around and asked Martin: "Can you tell me where we are?"

"Not exactly, but we are in Austria now."

"How long it will take to the next stop?"

"I think we will not stop anymore, they told us we would be in Ischgl at 7 a.m. and it's 6:20 or so now."

"Damn, I would have needed the last break."

"Something wrong with you, Janet?"

"Mh I need to pee."

"We're there soon." Martin tried to calm her down.

Now Martin was fully awake. He knew that Janet must have needed to go bad, because normally she don't talk about needing to pee and he started to wonder if he could retard her somehow not to ask the driver to stop. Ten minutes later Janet started again:" Maybe I should ask the driver to stop. I really have to pee. It starts becoming uncomfortable."

"Come on, we are there in at least half an hour. You can wait that short time because I think the other passengers don't want to get delayed one more time."

"But, Martin I really want to..."

"Do it for me, you know I like it!"

Yes she does. He often has asked her for holding her pee a bit longer and she did it most of the time. But her bladder was really full now. She tried to get a better position in the seat but there was not much space. There was an other problem. She had changed her trousers at the first stop from her jeans into her tracksuit trousers because she dind't want to sit twelve hours in her tight jeans. She had planned to change back at the last stop which she missed now. But she didn't want to strip down in front of the others so an additional stop would please her. She told that to Martin: "...and so I'm gonna ask the driver now!"

But during their conversation another young lady stood up and asked the driver to stop. The driver told her that they would be there soon and he wouldn't stop any more. The young lady walked back to her seat and Martin could see in her face that she was already under big pain.

"Oh man, these dumb drivers. I really cannot take this much longer" he heard her mumble.

The time was 7 a.m. now and Janet started to squirm in her seat. She decided to distract herself and thought about her trousers- problem. "I cannot go out in this trousers!" she mumbled to Martin. "But also I couldn't strip down here."

"Pull your jeans over this or go like this, it doesn't matter."

"I thought about this, too but I think you would see some folds, because the tracksuit is much larger."

"We don't go to a fashion show, we go to skiing!"

So Janet tried to put her jeans on. For this she had to stand up and found out that her bladder was so full that it hurts bad to stand upright. Martin watched her movements and he saw that she was slightly bending her knees and that her stomach was bloated. Janet didn't try to pull on her jeans. She sat back and said:"That don't work. I never get my legs into this not to speak of my bladder. I wasn't able to stand straight anymore." Martin grinned.

"How much longer will it take. It's 7:15 now. I am about to explode!" Janet whispered into Martins ear.

"Come on, press your legs together, you'll be able to wait a bit longer."

But Janet wasn't sure anymore. She wiggled around in her seat always trying to keep composure but her strenght more and more dissapeared. A few minutes later they arrived the bottom of the ski area. They all climbed out of the bus and streched. Except five girls including Janet. They stood there, some crossed legs some hands folded cross their stomach listening to the drivers words. Janet stood there with crossed legs to help her muscles to hold the pee in. She grabbed Martins arm with one hand to keep balance because she wasn't able to stand straight.

Slowly she tried to straighten up but the pain was enormous and she had to stop and bend a bit again. The driver explained to them that their bagagge would be carried up the hill by him and they only had to go to the cable railway and drive upwards and at the top there would a guide be waiting on them. After that the four desperate girls hurried to the toilet. Janet wasn't able to hurry anymore and tried to start walking slowly, followed by Martin: "Janet, wait a minute. Would you mind waiting to use the loo until we are up on the hill?"

"Are you kidding me? I'm about to pee my pants!"

Janet didn't lie. She only managed to stand nearly straight with biting her teeth together because her bladder hurt really bad. "I can't wait."

"Try it!" Martin said

Janet couldn't think clear now, yes, she loves him and she wants to satisfy him in any way but this was painful. She agreed and they walked to the sation. Janet in a awful way. She was bent at the waist and one hand holding her stomach trying to ease the pain.

They reached the queue and at once she crossed her legs. "How long would it take to go up" she asked wiggling her legs heavy.

"I read it takes seven minutes. Please try it."

There were always eight people in each car and Janet thought about to sit in a car with six strangers and herself needing to piss like crazy.

Until now she had managed to cover her need mostly but she doubt she could hold it another five minutes, maybe two would have been a problem.

Than a wave of pressure hit her body and she had to bend her knees and press her hand onto her peehole as discret as possible. For this she put her right hand into her pocket and becuase the trousers were streching wide she was able to reach her croch. "No chance Martin, I can't hold it any longer, I need to piss so bad." While she said this her bladder spasmed and she had to bend further to stem the flood and was definitly sure she couldn't wait any second longer: " Sorry, I have to pee" she said and started to hurry as best as possible to the toilets.

She tried to walk straight but a few times she had to hold her crotch and bend over to prevent her from pissing herself. A lot of people crossing her way pointing out to her. As she saw the line in front of the toilet she paused. She couldn't take any more delay. Never would she be able to hold it until it would be her turn. She looked around both hands at her groins to help her muscles. Alittle spurt escaped, she put one hand between her legs and crossed them.

Her grey shorts wouldn't hide her secret she knew. She saw a piste caterpiller at the other side of the building and decided to use it as cover.

With the last effort she reached the caterpiller and stepped behind it dancing on the spot while taking her trousers down and the pee started to come out. A few people passed by close and could glance at her but she couldn't mind.

After that they drove up and she had to pee again as they reached the top. There were toilets and she didn't think about holding it longer as necessary again becuase her muscles wouldn't work she knew. That don't mean martin didn't have any more fun later in the evening.

