Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Masturbation, and Sex.
Disclaimer: All characters in this story are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons is purely coincidental.
Marge and George were decorating their bedroom. The old wallpaper had been stripped off, the paintwork rubbed down, and they had been to purchase the new paint and paper. When they returned, and pulled onto the driveway, Marge went to unlock the front door while George got the goods out of the car. As he stood up he was surprised to see a young lady in obvious great discomfort approaching him. She only took small steps and yet was hurrying, clutching her abdomen.
"Excuse me," she said to George, "But could I possibly use your loo please? I'm practically wetting myself."
"Sure, Top of the stairs on the left," said George to the young lady, and then to Marge, "Young lady needs the bathroom, love."
The young lady hurried in, past Marge and up the stairs to the bathroom, while Marge returned to help George with the decorating supplies, which they took up the stairs to the bedroom, which was opposite the bathroom. They put down the supplies and turned to see the bathroom door wide open and the young lady with her skirt lifted up half squatting with her bum about a foot above the toilet peeing a torrent through her panties. 
"I'm so sorry to burst in on you," she began, "but I was really desperate. I am afraid I sometimes leave it a little too late before going, and this morning was one of those times. If you hadn't been so kind I'd have wet my panties in the street."
"Well, you're wetting your panties now," said George, trying hard not to show his hard on.
"Yes, I'm afraid I didn't have time to pull them off before it started." "No problem," said Marge, "I'll get you a pair of mine to wear," and she turned, got a clean pair of panties out of her drawer, and handed them to the young woman. "Here you are. I'm Marge, by the way, and this is George."
"I'm Betty," replied the young woman as she took the clean panties off Marge. Without bothering to close the bathroom door she took off her sopping wet panties, dried herself off with loo tissue and put on the clean ones. Of course during this process George and Marge were given a good view of everything Betty had.
"I'll go put the kettle on," said Marge. "George will get you a plastic bag to put your wet panties in, and then we'll have some tea in the lounge." George supplied the plastic bag and the three of them went downstairs and into the lounge.
Offering Betty a seat George said, "We're so glad to be able to come to your aid. I must say you are certainly not a shy young lady, are you?" Betty blushed a little and said, "Oh, er, I suppose not. Look, I really should apologise. I mean, it's not done to go up to total strangers and burst into their home."
"Not at all," said Marge, bringing in the teas. "Clearly the need was extremely urgent."
"Yes," said Betty, "I'm afraid it was. I do sometimes leave it much too late."
"Why's that?" asked Marge, eager for this discussion to continue. "Would you happen to like the feeling of being really full, and the feeling of sheer pleasure and relief as your bladder refuses to hold it for a moment longer and despite your best efforts your pee bursts forth?" Betty was goggle eyed at Marge's question, and replied, "Wow, yes. You've described it wonderfully. That's it exactly. Do you sometimes do it then? Oh but I suppose you must do otherwise how could you possibly know? Yes, I love the feeling. It leaves me feeling so horny and randy, too. In fact, to be honest if my little clitty could speak now she would be screaming for some attention."
"Well, no need to mind us," said George, "You're obviously not the shy sort. Do what you must."
Marge nodded her consent to Betty and then began to fondle George's erection. Betty began to give her clitty the desired attention, and George similarly attended to Marge. "Erm, can we make it a proper threesome?" asked Betty, and soon all three of them were completely naked and frantically fondling each other. Betty was first to climax, closely followed by Marge, and then the two of them paid George special attention, causing him to shoot his load over both of them.
The three of them cleaned up but remained naked seeing as it was a hot day. As they sat and chatted Betty brought drinks out and they drank lots, each of them wanting to fill their bladders up. "So, tell me how you got into this, Betty," said George.
"OK," agreed Betty, "It began, I suppose, when I was in high school. The teachers there were pretty strict and you were almost never allowed to leave class for anything unless you were very ill or if you'd been injured. We were very careful to go for a pee during breaks, and especially before a double period of anything. Well, one day my two mates and me had been chatting and lost track of time, and next lesson was a double maths period. We didn't have time to for a pee and Mrs. Mandarell was a stickler for the rules. We had to be on time or we got punished and nobody was allowed to leave class unless they were nearly dying. We had no option but to stick out the whole double period, and man, we were absolutely bursting by the end of it. We all three dashed to the girls' toilets and burst in. There were only two stalls empty and Jane & Claire got to them before me. They left their doors open and didn't sit all the way down so that I could see them peeing and hear their streams as they gushed and splashed. I was in agony and in the end I pulled down my panties and jumped up and peed in one of the washbasins. Man was that a relief, but it left all of us with a strange itchy sort of feeling around our fannies and we all began to rub and fondle them. Soon we all three came, and we all said how good it had felt. Although we had been in agony in class, in the end it had felt so good, and we decided we'd do it again, but maybe not in class." 
"I see," said Marge, "And did you?"
"Sure we did," continued Betty. "Our folks all knew each other and they all used to go out to the club in the evening, so we had plenty of time at each other's homes in the evenings, and sometimes we'd sleep over, too. We used to play hold it games to see who could hold it the longest, we'd piss in a jug or a bowl and measure it to see who did the most, and we'd play daring games, like daring each other to do it outside in the garden, or see who could make it go the furthest. 
We almost always used to masturbate afterwards, too. Sometimes we would do it ourselves, and sometimes we would do it to each other. Another game we used to play was leak–a–bit, where we used to drink to get our bladders full till we couldn't hold it in any more, but we'd only piss just enough to take the edge off, then wait till we couldn't hold it again and just do a drop again, and keep on like that. Sometimes we'd do that for hours. Of course we all used to feel very worked up with it, and eventually we'd reach the point where we just had to rub our clits. Sometimes we'd rub our own clits, but usually we'd do it to each other. Then when we cum we'd let out all our piss, and we all usually ended up exhausted and wet."
"And do you still meet up and do this?" asked George.
"Oh sure," said Betty. "We had a session the night before last. We played leak–a–bit and it went on for 21/2 hours before we all had to masturbate. We pissed gallons at the end. What about you guys? What started you off?"
"I started when I got my first job," began Marge. It was an office job. You know, general admin, filing and that sort of thing. Well anyway, there was a girl in the office, Janet, and she always seemed to leave it till she was dancing before she went. A couple of us thought it might be fun to delay her a bit next time it happened so Peggy had a chat with her boy friend, who works in the factory, and arranged for him to phone Janet with a complicated pay query when she gave him the nod. 
Sure enough, the same afternoon Janet began dancing, so Peggy rang her boy friend and gave him the nod. Just as Janet was heading for the door her phone rang. "Damn," she said, "Just as I'm desperate for a piss." Well Peggy's boy friend did an excellent job. He kept her on the phone for an absolute age, and we loved it as we watched Janet fidget and squirm and writhe and shove her hands up her fanny, and even rub it. 
By the time she put the phone down there was a tell tale wet patch in the crotch of her jeans. "Twat!" she said crossly, "I've leaked, and I'm not sure if I can make it to the loo before I leak some more. OOoohhh," and she gave her fanny a furious rub. She was in agony and could hardly walk because of the pressure of her overly full bladder, so I offered to go with her. She leaked again, just a little, before we reached the loo, and when we got there she yanked down her jeans and panties, sat down and pissed like a racehorse, leaving the door open. I asked her why she always left it so late and she said it was because she liked the feeling. She said it always made her feel randy and said she just had to give herself a wank and with that she just leant back, spread her legs pushed two fingers in her vagina and began rubbing her clit. The furious action went on for a couple of minutes till she came. It was the first time I had seen another woman masturbate, and I guess I was goggle eyed. She asked me if I'd like to try it and invited me round to her place after work and said she'd like to help me, and I agreed. 
We returned to the office and the rest of that afternoon was pretty uneventful. Afterwards I went home with Janet, and she prepared us a meal and, of course, plenty to drink. 
She explained that it was quite easy, and just a matter of holding on until it felt like the piss was gonna burst out of you, but that we could speed it up by drinking loads. We continued drinking and we began to feel the urge, but waited until it was getting really difficult to hold it. Janet then got us to take off our jeans and panties, saying that it eased the pressure a bit and gave us an extra few minutes. As the time when we could hold it no more approached, Janet began to rub herself. I began to do the same and it did feel good. Instead of rubbing ourselves, we started to rub each other. I was quite inexperienced at this so I took my lead from Janet. What she did to me, I did to her, and we both managed to hold off for another ten minutes until I could hold it no more. I told Janet it was starting to come out and she immediately took her hands away and watched as I pissed for an age– longer than I had ever pissed before. 
No sooner had I finished than she started and I watched fascinated as her stream poured out of her. When she'd finished she asked me if I had a kind of a tingling, randy feeling and I nodded, so she took my hand and put it to her fanny, then she put her hand on mine and we both masturbated each other until we had orgasmed. After that we would do it at least once a week."
"Wow. What about you, George?" asked Betty.
"Well," said George, "My initiation started with the girl next door. I suppose it started with show me yours & I'll show you mine, and then we were touching and feeling each other, and soon Pat found that she could get me hard. We used to do this quite a lot, and one day, when we were out in the woods Pat said she wanted a pee but couldn't be bothered to take her panties off and just peed in them. I was surprised, but Pat said it felt good and dared me to do it. I was always one for a dare so I did it. It felt good when I was doing it, all that nice warm pee flooding me but afterwards we had the problem of wet jeans that would smell when we got home, so we stripped off and washed them in the stream and hung them on the branch of a tree to dry. We stayed naked while they were drying and we kissed and fondled each other and played with each other. When our clothes were dry, just before we got dressed again we both pissed in front of each other. After that we often played games like watching each other, holding it, fondling each other while we did it, see who could squirt it the furthest, and even peeing in funny positions, like while doing a handstand. We carried on doing that sort of thing together for many years till Pat's family moved away."
While we had been talking, we had all been drinking plenty and our bladders were beginning to feel quite full, and Betty said that she would need to go again soon. 
"Oh no you don't," said Marge. "We'll have a bit of order around her, if you don't mind, young lady. You've been once already. You're not allowed to go again until George and I have been. Now you jolly well hold it. OK? Now drink up that glassful." 
Betty sort of smiled and nodded her head. The next hour or so was spent with everyone holding on accompanied by little jigs, peepee dances, pacing up and down, and that sort of thing. 
George was the first to give in. He had a huge hard on which he was gripping firmly, and he was dancing hopping from foot to foot, and everyone smiled as the pressure became too great and a jet of hot pee shot out of the end of his cock. He gave six or seven two–second spurts before the stream flowed freely. He sighed with pleasure as the pleasure subsided.
Betty was struggling to hold on and so was Marge, and it was Marge who gave way next. With her fist pushing on her pussy she too jigged and danced and ooohed and aaaahhed and eventually her pressure became too great and she gave in and the pee squirted out of her with the force of a fireman's hose. "Ooooh now that feels sooooo good," she exclaimed.
"My turn now," said Betty. "George, come here and give me a hand." George and Marge wondered what Betty was about to do and as George came up to her, Betty told him to catch her and promptly did a head stand. George caught and supported her and Betty spread wide her legs and a fountain gushed upwards with some force before falling back on itself. Soon Betty too was empty and the three retired to the shower for more fun whilst washing. 
That was the first of many good times together for the three of them, and they quickly became very close friends.
By: Gopher