It was a warm summer day in early August, and Sarah, an 18–year old IDF soldier from Jerusalem, used her week of summer vacation to take some day trips. This Monday, she would go to the beach in Tel Aviv. She left from her home in her neighborhood in the northernmost part of Jerusalem at around 8 AM, and waited for a city bus to take her to the central bus station where she could grab a bus to Tel Aviv. While waiting for the bus, she ate – and drank – breakfast: two sandwiches and a 0,5 liter bottle of Fanta. She was only carrying a small backpack with her clothing, which consisted of a pink skirt that barely reached her knees and a yellow blouse. Underneath was her bikini.
It took almost twenty minutes until the bus finally showed up. Sarah got on the bus, and after half an hour, she reached the central bus station. While on the bus, she had realized that she slightly needed to use the bathroom. Since her bladder wasn't very big to say the least, she had known then that she would have to use the bathroom at the central bus station. But when she got to the bus station and saw that a bus for Tel Aviv would be leaving in 2 minutes, she completely forgot about the bathroom and instead just went for the bus.
When she was on the intercity bus, a large coach bus that would take her to Tel Aviv non–stop in about 45 minutes, she felt the urge to pee again and silently cursed herself, since she knew that she would have to spend the whole ride with a full bladder. She would make it, and it wouldn't be all that bad, but still she was sure that she would need to go very badly when she got there. Buses had a very strong influence on her kidneys and bladder, somehow.
After twenty minutes on the bus, she needed to go badly already. A constant warm pressure tickled in her belly and between her legs. She puts her legs together, and gets a little nervous. She had initially thought she was going to make it just fine, but the urge was growing faster than she had expected, and the bus was completely full, with a boy of around her age sitting next to her. She had noticed him looking at her a few times already. Usually, she would enjoy flirting with him and perhaps talking a little bit, but right at that point she was worried about having to embarrass herself in front of him by getting visibly desperate. She consoled herself with the knowledge that the ride should only take another 25 minutes and she was just about halfway through now so she would make it and still stay dry.
Right then, the bus slowed down. Sarah wondered what was going on, but was unable to see anything without getting up from her seat. To her great displeasure, the bus continued for almost ten minutes at only about 15 km/h instead of the usual 110. Then, a curve in the road allowed her to look ahead – where she saw a huge line of cars stretching a few kilometres, all moving at the same low speed. Again, she silently cursed herself for not having used the bathroom at the central bus station. Now, she knew that she was in trouble.
The urge in the bladder rose from moderately strong to urgent. She tried to cross her legs, but that would not work with the limited leg space available. Quickly she put her legs back together, and pressed them together even tighter. Her face became very serious, and while sitting like that she again found the boy looking at her. She decided that she could use some distraction and looked back at him, and suddenly they were looking straight into each other's eyes. Sarah blushed and said, "Hi." Slowly, an interesting conversation began, which indeed helped Sarah with taking her mind away from her bladder. After a few minutes, the bus suddenly braked very strongly, and Sarah suddenly felt a huge gulf of pressure hitting her bladder. She moaned, leaned forward and barely stopped herself from putting a hand between her legs. Instead, she closed her eyes, breathed heavily, and focused on keeping her bladder shut. It worked, but the urge to go only decreased partially.
She was desperate, absolutely desperate for a bathroom, but even if traffic would clear now, it would be at least another 15 minutes. She knew she would probably not make it, and even if she would, she would never make it from the bus to a bathroom. The boy asked, "Are you okay? It looks like something is wrong?" Sarah blushed and lied, "No, thanks for asking, I'm fine." She was fighting the huge urge in her bladder with all of her strength, when suddenly the bus increased speed and it seemed like the huge traffic jam was over. But for her, Sarah knew, it would not matter – she wasn't going to make it. She had no choice left – she quickly pushed her right hand between her legs, her fingers pressing through her skirt against her peehole, and whispered to the boy, "Now you know... I've got to peeeee... And I have to go right noow, I have to go so bad..."
The boy replied, "It's okay, don't worry, it can happen to anybody. I have to go badly also, if this traffic jam would have taken longer I would have been sitting like you also." Sarah just nodded and moaned softly as another sudden wave of desperation hit her. She pressed against her pee hole as strongly as she could, placed her left hand on top of her right hand, and bowed in her seat, continuously moving around now.
It wouldn't help.
A tiny spurt of pee leaked out of her peehole. Sarah moaned and pressed even harder, thereby causing the pee to make her skirt wet. Another spurt followed within seconds, and another. Desperately, Sarah suddenly got up from her seat in a very fast movement, pulled the back of her skirt up behind her back, and sat down again on her bikini, already leaking but still fighting to stop it for a few seconds. As she sat down, she completely let herself go – she was wetting herself. At least, she realized, it wasn't a huge splashing waterfall; it was just a very small stream, not even audible to others. She sat backwards in the bus seat as far as she could and spread her legs, leaning forward. Pee streamed straight through her bikini into the thick, soft bus seat. The seat absorbed all of her pee, and aside from her, the boy and two Asian women across the aisle, nobody had noticed anything, except for her quick and short jumping up to pull her skirt up. She wished with all her might that nobody else had heard her soft moaning.
When the bus finally got to the terminal in Tel Aviv, Sarah and the boy were the last ones to get off. The boy checked her skirt all around, and it was almost completely dry, except for the wet patch up front. Now, the day could get started, and Sarah wasn't even alone.
By: Israeli