Subject: Delurk & Wet Fantasy

From: DaveB (Forum User). Date: Tuesday, 02-Apr-96

Hi to all you wet fans out there, and particular thanks to Monty for all his efforts.

I've been lurking around the net for a while now, but now its time to declare myself. I'm mostly a fan of wet accidents, but all aspects of wet fun hold some attraction. I love reading the posts (especially the true stories) so keep up the good work all of you

Here is a fantasy I wrote down some time ago, but is still a major turn-on. Hope you like it

The Schoolgirl

The girl stood in the school yard, nervously bobbing up and down, talking to no-one. She was about 16, long straight brown hair tossing against her back with every sudden movement. Her hands held her gymslip taut against her legs at the back, an unconscious, giveaway gesture.

She looked at her watch again. Twenty more minutes to go! How was she going to manage it? She bit her lower lip and crossed her slender young legs tighter. Around her, the screams and shouts of the other, younger girls echoed off the school walls and were lost in the streets outside. She gazed longingly at the wire gates, then back to the locked school doors. If only the time would pass! Only twenty minutes, she told herself, then she would hurry, sedately of course, to the ladies, and rid herself of this urgent need. At this thought, and to her horror, she felt herself give, and her knickers were suddenly warm, liquid and she had to suddenly jerk herself back to the present. 

Her face burned and she could have cried as she felt a warm trickle run down the inside of her thigh to soak into the top of a long white sock. "Whats up?" She spun round to see her best friend approaching, watching her curiously. "Oh Jenny help!" she cried "I'm wetting my knickers" She couldnt help but open her legs as another wave swept down from her belly, and this time there was a visible pattering on the ground between her shoes before she could stop herself. Jenny grabbed her hand and all but dragged her, knock-kneed across the yard, brushing aside the girls who stopped to gawp.

Jenny was a prefect, and she pulled the key to the common-room from her blazer pocket as the two girls stopped at the locked door. "Hang on, silly" she whispered to her friend. But it was too late. The girl stood at the door, blushed furiously once more then disgraced herself completely. A torrent of smelly yellow pee poured out from underneath her gymslip, soaking her legs, socks and shoes.

"Hey look, she's wetting herself!" came the cry. Faces turned to watch all around the school yard.

She tried to hold out her skirt but it was soaked already, so she just stood there weeing down her legs, wimpering "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry" to Jenny and the growing crowd.

Finally Jenny got the door open and dragged her, dripping, into the room and slammed it shut behind them. Now the girl dissolved into tears, standing in a pool of shame. Her bladder had finished contracting, but such was her humiliation that she opened her knees, and looking Jenny pleadingly in the eyes, squeezed out a last, pitiful surge through her steaming knickers. "I've pissed my pants, Jenny...."

...............

I leave the rest to your imagination. Meanwhile, I am also looking for gifs/jpgs of girls in wet pants, panties, jeans etc, and I have a (very) limited collection of pictures to swap in return.

Is there anyone else from NZ here or am I the only one (so far)?

