Party Distress 2
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

Again I have to tell something got to do with a party.

I was at a party of a few friends of mine. It was outdoor and there was a lot of fun for everyone. In the afternoon they offered coffee and in the evening the drinks changed into more alcoholic. I was enjoying the party and drinking steadily. Of course I had to pee sooner or later and after the third beer and the coffee at the afternoon my bladder was full. I stood up and went to the bathroom (there was only one bathroom) and had to wait a bit because someone was in.

I clenched my muscles shut and was able to wait until it was my turn without problems. One and a half hour later there was a little line building up and so I decided to join the line now, before I was getting to desperate.

The evening started to become a good event and I was glad to meet some people I haven't seen for years. So I found myself in engaged discussions and interesting talks. After an hour or so I again felt the need to pee but didn't want to end up conversation so I held it a bit longer than the two times before. Also it was getting colder what didn't help either but I am trained in holding it and because we were now sitting it was no problem. But with the time passing by my need became more urgent and I had to find a sitting position which helped me more.

After more than half an hour later my bladder was really full and it hurt a bit now. I glanced at the bathroom and could see that there was a line of about ten people at the moment and decided to wait until it would become shorter because I expected that standing wasn't comfortable any more. But the minutes passed and the line didn't get shorter and I get more and more desperate.

Than someone asked me if I had my gutar with me and I said no. But I live nearby, maybe ten minutes by car, and so he asked me if we could go there and bring it. I told him that I couldn't drive anymore and he said he hadn't drank to much to drive and would carry me home.

I agreed and he said he would only tell his girlfriend that he would be away a few minutes and than come back to me.

I agreed and again looked to the bathroom but now I had the alternative of using the bathroom at home and was happy about that because my bladder was throbbing heavy. Three minutes later the guy appeared again and I stood up. This was very painful and I really had trouble with straighten up. We walked to his car and every step was torture for my overfilled bladder. We reached the car and while I waited at him to open it I stepped from foot to foot with stiff legs to supress my now very urgent need to pee.

We started to drive and I concentrated hard not to wiggle around. I took my hands down to the seat at both sides and tried discretly to press my body into it with force. This helped a bit but after a few minutes I had to bend forward a bit to ease the pain. I started to squirm in the seat more and more but after all we were now in my street and I told him where to stop. He parked the car and as I opened the door he asked to use my toilet while I would take the guitar and so he also came with me.

I was really in pain now. My bladder was so full that I had to open the waistband of my jeans to take some pressure off. He didn't notice because he was locking the car and then we walked to my entrance. I tried to hurry but it hurt so bad that I was not able to take big steps. I opend the door and we climbed the stairs. Half way up I was about to loose it and normaly would have stopped walking but I don't now what to say to the guy and tried to walk on. But I felt that I would loose it and so I paused one moment saying something like it is very exhausting to climb so much steps and tried to smile a bit as a joke. After I clenched my muxles again I went on and we reached the door to my flat. I opened the door and at once he asked me where my bathroom is and said that he needs to pee like a racehorse. "Okay" I thought "If you would now that I'm nearly pissing my pants..." and told him the right door.

He went in and I had to wait again. Now that he was inside the bathroom I was doing an unshamed pee dance outside the door to hold back the flood. Than a big urge to pee hit me and I pressed both hands between my legs just in time.

The time until I heard the flush seemed to be an eternity. I tried to stand normaly without holding myself because I was expecting him every seconds. I heard him washing his hands and again had to put my hands between my legs. Than the water stopped and I again tried to look composed. But the door didn't open. I didn't know what he was doing, maybe adjusting his hair or something but I knew he had to hurry.

My need became more and more uncontrolable and although I tried to stand outside without holding myself I had to give myself a short squeeze every five seconds or so not to loose control. My bladder spasmed again and I had to press between my legs hard and moaned out loud. There was no time left I knew I banged against the door and told him to hurry and walked in circles outside the door. Then I heard him turning the key and I tried to stop my peedance. I stood there shivering with crossed legs and put my hands sideways to my hips to resist the temptation to hold myself because I didn't want to in front of him.

But in the moment he opened the door a new spasm hit my bladder and I felt my my mucles gave way. I rammed both hands inside my pockets and bent over hard. I started to leak a little and wasn't able to move a few seconds and then hobbled into the bathroom as fast as possible. Inside I pressed the door shut but wasn't able to turn the key. I put both hands now into my panties which were damp now and pressed against my peehole. I managed to strip my jeans down and let it go. I peed very long and massaged my bladder area which was hurting enormous now.

I looked at my jeans and they looked try at the crotch but my panties were damp. So I had the problem to exchange them. But they are in my bedroom and I didn't want to tell my guest that I had peed my pants. So I put them off and slipped into my jeans without underwear.

The guy outside was now a bit blushed and sorry for me. He told me that he woulnd't have used the bathroom before me if he had knewn that I was so desperate. I didn't comment this because I was emberrassed enough without discussing my desperation. As I took the guitar I discretly took some panties from my cupboard into my bag. Later at the party I used the bathroom and put the new ones on.

