Title: One Breakdown after Another
 	Entry to: Month 24
By: Paul Tester

Blue-water Theme park was normally closed all winter, but for the millennium it had opened part of its ground to allow a fun fair to be set up during the school holidays. The main attraction of this fun fair was the "Millennium Mega-Wheel" a copy of the big Wheel set up in London to celebrate the new year. Preceded by a huge publicity campaign, it was more successful than the organisers had expected, as every child for miles around wanted to ride it. Horrified at the safety risk of car loads of unsupervised children on the Wheel, they hastily made the rule that an adult had to accompany every child under 18, forcing many reluctant parents onto a ride they hated.

Tiffany had been pleading with her mother to take her on the Wheel since it had opened, and she had missed one of the early, unsupervised rides. To be the only child in her class not to have been on the Wheel at least once would be unbearable, and her demands became more insistent as the end of the holidays approached. When normal pleading failed, she took to trying to shame her mother into going with her, listing all her school friends who had been taken on the Wheel by their parents, some many times.

Faced with this onslaught, Sharon, her mother knew she had to give in eventually. Tiffany was already disadvantaged as a single-parent child, and to further lose face like this would make her life a misery. Sharon's problem was that she was scared of heights, and the thought of going up on the Wheel, even strapped into the seat, terrified her. Constantly being told how many times Penelope's mother had taken her on the Wheel, almost every day it seemed, did nothing to help. She was growing to hate Penelope's mother, though she had never met her, because she appeared to be a sickeningly capable Superwoman, who effortlessly achieved all the things that Sharon failed at.

She ran a successful business from their detached luxury home, making vast sums of money while always being about when Penelope needed her, had a handsome, faithful husband who also had some wonderful job, drove about town in a new car, and seemed to know everybody that mattered. It was no surprise that she had no fear of heights, and could find the time to take her infuriatingly well behaved and beautiful daughter on the Mega-Wheel whenever she wanted.

At '5 each, Sharon could hardly afford the ride, but to pay '5 to be terrified was almost more than she could bear. However, for Tiffany's sake, she had to do it, and tried to build up courage in advance, only succeeding in making herself more frightened by imagining all the things that could break or go wrong while she was on the Wheel. Her doctor refused her tranquillisers to steady her shattered nerves, but knowing she had to have some help, she decided a drink before would give her the courage she needed. Giving Tiffany '20 to spend on other rides, she promised to meet her at 2 o'clock and take her on the Wheel at least once, maybe twice if it was not crowded. This was the moment of truth for Sharon, she had 2 hours to build up the courage needed. She spent the first hour drinking tea and trying to convince herself that she was not going to be frightened, then, finding that this had not worked at all, resorted to drinking four cans of strong cider with vodka chasers.

Sucking peppermints so nobody would know she had been drinking, she cautiously drove her old car down to the theme park, getting to the entrance to the Wheel with about a minute to spare. She was thinking about visiting the loo, but she did not pass one, and there wasn't time to go looking before meeting Tiffany. As she approached the Wheel, where a queue was starting to form as the afternoon crowd arrived, she saw Tiffany waiting on the other side of the Wheel's enclosure. Tiffany was not alone, with her was Penelope and smartly dressed blond who introduced herself as "Vanessa, Tifanny's mother." 

Sharon cringed as she saw Vanessa looking her over with some distaste. Vanessa, tall and with a figure like a model, was immaculately dressed, straight from the pages of Vogue, in perfectly fitting designer jeans and a suede leather jacket that probably cost more that Sharon's car was worth. Sharon, who was starting to put on weight, was wearing faded jeans that were just too tight round her expanding hips and bottom, and a not very clean sweat-shirt that was somehow suddenly did not fit her properly any more. Following Vanessa, who naturally led the way, she looked enviously at the smooth fit of her jeans round a perfectly shaped bottom, acutely aware that her overly tight jeans clearly revealed the outline of her knickers, stretched over her saggy bottom. If only she had known that Penelope and her mother were going to be there, she would have made the effort to dress up.

Vanessa and her daughter had decided that they would join Tiffany and Sharon on the Wheel.

"So much nicer to share a car with friends that have two strangers with you," she said, "and such a good day for it. The breeze has cleared the air, and we will have a really good view today."

"Do you think it will sway about more than it did last week?" asked Penelope, "It might be really scary at the top if it does." She obviously relished the prospect, and was not going to be the slightest bit scared, while Sharon was terrified at the thought that it might move at all. If only something would happen and close the Wheel down before they got on. If it had been just her and Tiffany, she would have tried to find some excuse not to go on the Wheel, but she could not admit her fear in front of Vanessa, for whom the Wheel clearly held no terrors at all. She wished she had brought the rest of the vodka with her, as she desperately needed another drink to calm her.

Now she was actually standing at the entrance to the Big Wheel, all the effects of the drinks she had had so far had evaporated. Except one, she really did need a loo quite badly, and fear was putting a sharper edge to her need. She crossed her legs and pressed her thighs tightly together, then clenched all her "holding" muscles, feeling the urgency die away and be replaced by a dull, aching fullness in her bladder. She wished she had found a loo before she had met Tiffany, but now she was stuck. To go off and look for one now would mean they would almost certainly lose their place in the lengthening queue, and make her look stupid and improvident compared with Vanessa, who would never get into such a situation.

The ride didn't last that long, she told herself, and she could easily wait until it was over, then get away from Vanessa and her daughter, and find the loos. She looked around her, hoping to locate them now, but the Wheel was in the centre of the fun-fair, and loos would probably be at the edge.

The Wheel was stopping now, and they were loading on new passengers. The queue moved slowly forward, and the moment that Sharon had been dreading was drawing closer. She had to go through with it now, she told herself, trying to believe that it would be quite safe, and if she kept her eyes shut most of the time, she would never know where she was. The sooner she started now, the sooner she would be finished, and then she could find the loo she was wanting badly. 

They were next in line when the gate was shut and the Wheel started again. Penelope stamped her foot in frustration, so near and then they had to wait for the next time, and worst of all for Sharon, they were now standing on the boarding platform, so there was no possibility of her slipping off to the loo.

Cross her legs, press her thighs and knees together, clench herself shut inside, tell herself that she could not possible go now, so she would just have to wait a bit longer. She was an adult, not a little girl like Tiffany or Penelope, and she had to be capable of waiting another half hour. Penelope wanted to take some group photos while they were waiting, a great extravagance, thought Sharon, but of course Penelope had one of those expensive new electronic cameras that did not use film, but needed a computer to see the pictures.

Sharon endured a miserable ten minutes, trying to make the urge to pee go away, or get less, and not to let anyone see that she was bursting, until at last they started letting more people on the Wheel. They were first on, and once she was sitting down, Sharon's need to pee was somewhat reduced, at least to a bearable level. This improvement only lasted until the Wheel started again, and their car, "gondola", as Vanessa insisted on calling it, started swaying gently as they rose above the fair ground. Sharon tried not to look down, starting resolutely at Vanessa sitting opposite, but before they were half way up, she was being forced by Tiffany and Penelope to look at all the things they were pointing out below. By the time they were at the top, the open car was staying far more, and even though she was tightly strapped in, Sharon was clutching the seat with terror. 

Going up she had been facing forwards, but as the decent began, she was going backwards, a far worse sensation, which also produced a sudden intense need to pee. She twisted her legs tightly together and clenched herself shut inside, gripping her seat belt tightly with the effort she was making to hold it. It was bad enough for Penelope and Vanessa to see that she was terrified, but it would be even worse if they saw her wet herself with fear. She had to hold it, she told herself, squirming on the seat and crossing her legs even harder.

Several more revolutions of the Wheel, and she was marginally less terrified by the motion, but nothing she did would reduce her urgent need to pee, and she could only hang on and hope the ride would soon be over. She forced herself to take an interest in the view from the top of the Wheel, hoping that this would take her mind off the need to pee. At last the Wheel was stopping to let passengers off, but, as they reached to platform, Penelope was asking if they could stay on for another ride. Before Sharon could think of any reason why they should not, other than her urgent desire for a loo, Tiffany and Vanessa were agreeing, and Vanessa had paid the attendant.

Because she had been thinking she would soon be in a loo, Sharon's need had increased markedly, and now, faced with the prospect of another 10 or 15 minutes riding the Wheel, she squirmed about on her seat, trying to ease what had now become an overwhelmingly desperate urge to pee. As they reached to top again, and Penelope had everyone's attention trying to locate their house, she had to risk pressing her hand between her legs, which thankfully forced her pee back to a bearable level. She moved her hand quickly as she saw Vanessa looking at her, pretending she had only been adjusting her jeans. As they started the next revolution, she seemed to want to go as badly as ever, and she longed for the partial relief that holding her crutch would give. If only Vanessa wasn't with them, she thought, she would be able to hold herself without the girls noticing. Now all she could do was to put her hands in her lap, the fingers of her right hand poised to press downward whenever she thought no-one was looking.

To add to her misery, Vanessa was taking photos again, not only of the view, but candid shots of the girls excitedly pointing out their homes and other landmarks. Sharon wished she had noticed this earlier, but she had been so concerned with holding back her pee she had not been paying attention to anything else. She could only hope that none of the photos showed her holding between her legs. She resolved that she would not hold herself again, she dare not risk Vanessa or Penelope seeing. It was so undignified for her to have to admit that she could not contain her pee any other way, or to have to admit to having been drinking cider to build up courage to go on the Wheel.

She hooked one foot behind the other calf and crossed her legs even tighter; she would have to hold on like this for the rest of the ride, it wouldn't be more than another 5 minutes. She forced herself to look over the side of the car, taking an interest in what the girls were pointing out, and trying not to think how high she was. Perhaps if she stopped thinking about how badly she wanted to pee, it would get better, or at least not get any worse.

She was counting the revolutions of the Wheel, and as they began the fifth, which Sharon was convinced would be the last, she could not avoid thinking, once again, of the relief that awaited her once she was off this awful Wheel. This anticipation produced a surge of desperation that was almost too much for her to control. It was only by turning sideways on her seat and crushing her thighs together that she managed to hold back her pee. She shuddered as she fought for control and the crisis was just about over when the Wheel came to a sudden stop with them two-thirds of the way to the top.

So sudden was the stop that the car rocked violently and fright caused Sharon to momentarily lose control and allow a trickle of pee to escape. She clutched between her legs as a reflex action, then quickly removing her hand as she saw Vanessa looking at her. She felt damp between her legs, and she kept her hands in her lap to cover any wetness that might show as she clenched herself shut with all her might, determined that she would not let go again.

At first she thought that they were beginning to unload passengers, but the Wheel did not restart, and looking down she saw some of the Wheel operators hurrying towards a hut in the corner of the compound. As they opened the door, so clouds of smoke billowed out of the hut, and the men drew back, coughing and waving their arms to clear the smoke. Horrified, Sharon guessed that this was a major breakdown, and that they could be stuck on the Wheel for ages, until it was repaired. This was her worst nightmare, as she absolutely had to get to a loo, and what on earth could she do stuck as she was.

Of course, thinking about loos, and knowing that she could not go, only made her more desperate, and she almost leaked some more, just getting her hand between her legs in time. She thought she heard Vanessa take another photo, but she was too desperate to risk moving her hand, and could only hope that her other hand in her lap hid what she was doing. She loosened her seat belt and wriggled about under the safety bar until she had one leg tucked under her, and her heel pressing hard into her crutch, almost a substitute for holding herself, and, she hoped, much less noticeable. If only they could get the Wheel repaired quickly, she would be able to hold out until she could find a loo.

On the ground the men were getting the fire under control, but it was nearly ten minutes before someone with a loud-hailer announced that there was a "slight problem" with the electric generator, and while everyone was completely safe, it would be a "few minutes" before they could use the emergency drive to turn the Wheel and get everyone off. Sharon shuddered at the thought of this, remembering just how much tea and cider she had drunk, and wondering much longer she would be able to hold out.

The "few minutes" became ten, then fifteen, and still the Wheel had not moved. A crowd was gathering on the ground as news of the breakdown spread. People on the Wheel were waving to friends on the ground, and everyone except Sharon seemed to be enjoying themselves. Tiffany and Penelope were happily identifying landmarks and friends houses, thrilled at getting so much extra time on the Wheel, and Vanessa was encouraging them, and still taking the occasional photo. Then they were giggling and pointing to something on the other side of the Wheel. Sharon twisted round to see a boy of about 9 peeing over the side of his car while his mother tried to prevent him from splashing the people underneath.

"Good thing you girls didn't have that Coke before the ride," said Vanessa, "it would not be so easy for you to do it over the side here."

More giggles from the girls, and Sharon forced herself to smile, acutely conscious that if the Wheel did not move soon, she might have to pee over the side as the only alternative to going in her jeans. She squirmed about again, trying to find some position that pressed her heel harder against her crutch, telling herself that she just had to wait. She was getting beyond desperate now, really having to struggle to hold back her pee, and her bursting bladder was being squashed by her tight jeans. That was becoming really painful, and she could not ever remember wanting to go so badly before. How much longer was she going to be able to wait? Truth was, she couldn't go here, so she just had to wait. Somehow she was going to have to hold her pee in, however painful it might be.

At last the Wheel was moving again, but so slowly, and stopping to empty every car. Sharon was fighting with all her might to hold back her pee, trying everything she could think of to control the dreadful pressure in her bladder without making her predicament too obvious to Vanessa, who would never have been so imprudent as to get herself in such a situation. Sharon found that she could grip underneath the safety bar and push herself down onto her heel, which helped a bit, as did pulling her jeans tighter between her legs. She longed to unzip her jeans and reduce the pressure on her swollen bladder, but this would have meant revealing her need, and she was not going to do that if it was humanly possible. They were only two or three stops away from getting off, and Sharon was just thinking that she had somehow managed to wait, when something broke in the emergency drive, and they were left hanging while it was fixed. 

This was the last straw, and however hard Sharon pressed herself down on her heel, she could feel a trickle of pee beginning to escape into her knickers. She screwed up all her strength and managed to stop it for a minute or so, then the pressure was too much for her tiring muscles to hold, and this time the trickle reached her jeans. Panicking, because she could not wet herself in public, Sharon jammed both hands between her legs, fingers between her heel and her "wee-wee" and pressed so hard against the hole that absolutely nothing more could possibly leak out. She pretended that she was scratching herself, and tried to cover herself with her bag, but it was really obvious what she was doing, and she had to keep holding herself or she would soak her jeans. Vanessa was looking at her with a superior half-smile which said that she knew what Sharon's problem was, and found it mildly amusing.

Just as they started moving again, Tiffany announced that she wanted to go to the loo, which prompted Penelope to say that she thought she did as well, and ask her mother where the loos were. Sharon, who had been concentrating solely on waiting until they were off the Wheel, was horrified when Vanessa said that the only ones she knew were at the food centre, right on the other side of the amusement park. Sharon who was still on the brink of wetting herself, despite both hands pressed between her legs, could not think how she could possible walk that far. Even if she continued to hold herself, she probably would not make it, and trying to walk normally would be absolutely impossible. She could feel that the crutch of her jeans was wet, only a small patch that might not notice when she was standing, but unless she held herself all the time, once she started walking she would leak again.

At last it was their turn to get off, Sharon having to make a super-human effort to contain herself and walk normally away from the Wheel, only to be directed to another queue where they were being given compensation to the breakdown. Much as she needed the money, Sharon wanted a loo more, but Vanessa was pushing them all into the line, telling Tiffany that they had to collect the money first, and it would only be a few minutes before the found her a loo, and that as she was a "big girl now" she could easily wait. All Sharon could do was knot her legs and turn away from the crowd hoping that no-one would see that she was holding her crutch with both hands.

By the time they had their money back, Tiffany was complaining that she was dying to go, so there could not be any more delays, they had to find the loos. Sharon was still trying to hide that she wanted to go, and tried to walk without holding herself, instead putting both hands in her jeans pockets and pulling them as tightly as possible between her legs. Unfortunately, the pressure in her bladder was so great that despite this, and clenching herself shut with all her strength, they were not halfway to the loos when she felt another trickle of pee escaping. She had to stop it, so, hoping it would not notice, she pressed her hand between her legs until she thought she had control again.

For the rest of the way to the loos, she alternated between hobbling with stiff legs, pulling her jeans up as hard as she could, and holding her crutch whenever she felt herself starting to leak, all the time convincing herself that nobody, particularly Vanessa and Penelope, would realise how desperate she was. In fact it was obvious to anyone looking exactly what was wrong with her, and, worse, all her antics were not actually holding back her pee, so the wet patch was slowly extending down the legs of her jeans. Only when she finally had made it to the loo, and was pulling her jeans on again did she see just how wet they were. Mortified as having disgraced herself like this, she made some excuse to Vanessa and dragged Tiffany home as quickly as she could, praying that nobody else she knew would see her in such a state, and even convincing herself that Vanessa had not noticed anything.

Late that night, Vanessa and her husband were browsing the day's photos on their computer.

"You really missed something today," she was telling him. "Look, this is before we got on the Wheel, you can see how hard she's crossing her legs, she was bursting then. Now, this one is about ten minutes later, on the Wheel now, you can just see she was holding herself."

Damon magnified the picture to the limit of its resolution, then nodded in agreement.

"These are just after it broke down. She's holding again in one, and this looks as if she has a wet patch between her legs. I was holding the camera low down to get a better angle than I could see."

Once again they magnified the pictures, concentrating on the area between Sharon's legs, and agreed that it was not shadow causing the dark patch. Vanessa scanned through some more pictures before finding one clearly showing Sharon sitting on her heel, then in her ultimate desperation, holding with both hands while still on her heel.

"Those are brilliant," said Damon, "the best desperation pictures we have ever got."

"The frustrating thing was that I could not get any pictures of her hobbling to the loos, and I have never seen a grown woman in such a state and making such an exhibition of herself. Holding, twisting her legs together, pulling her jeans up, every know sign of extreme desperation, and still leaking in her jeans. I managed these two as she came out the loo, you can see how wet she was."

Damon put his arm round his wife and hugged her, delighting in their shared interest. "To think that I could have come with you instead of playing golf with Roger. Let's print these pictures, and some of the normal ones as well for Penny and her friend to keep." 


