Title: Here Comes the Flood

By: Graham

--Chapter One--

The Boeing 747 cruised effortlessly 30,000 miles above the Atlantic ocean, heading towards London. On board, there was the usual collection of holidaymakers, businessmen and women, and the lucky few who could afford a seat in first class.

The flight was going smoothly and totally to plan. Carla sat in the economy section. She was returning home from a business trip in California. The trip had been a disaster. OK, Carla knew that she was reasonably attractive but it didn't mean that she wanted a fat, sweaty man poring over her, expecting her to invite him to her hotel room - even if it did mean the chance of a promotion. Men!

Not for the first time Carla found her eyes drifting to the stewardess who was obviously in charge of this section of the plane. Carla had never had any lesbian tendencies before but after this last trip... well she always prided herself on her open mind.

The stewardess in question was now working her way down the aisle towards Carla, making sure everyone was as comfortable as possible in the cramped aircraft. Carla knew from her badge that her name was Sue. Carla noticed how easily Sue moved down the aisle, looking radiant in the smoke blue uniform of the airline, her long blond hair tied back in a bunch. There wouldn't be any harm in flirting a little, would there? thought Carla.

***

Many miles away in Washington sat a spacecraft. Inside the craft was a very angry alien. If humans had set eyes on this alien they would have been disgusted. Not so much by the aliens' appearance, but by the total arrogance that it treated all other life forms. "I'll show these pathetic humans", sneered the alien in its own peculiar language.

The alien had studied human culture and it knew the best way to get their attention. It reached out with one long tentacle and touched a control panel.

***

Back in the aircraft all was going well. Sue had just made her rounds in the section of the seating she was responsible for. All the cabin crew went through extensive training so that they were prepared for just about anything. The most important thing was to keep the passengers as quiet and as calm as possible. The crew were also taught the "hands-off" approach to their passengers - which meant being careful, respectful and absolutely no touching! But there was one passenger that seemed to be actively encouraging Sue - to the point where she was getting quite hot just thinking about it. "I must be careful", she thought, "especially as the passenger in question is female!"

Carla shifted around in her seat, trying to get comfortable. She noticed a gentle pressure in her bladder, and a fleeting thought went through her mind that this was strange because she had only just visited the bathroom about half an hour ago. The man sitting in the seat in front of her was gesturing to Sue. The stewardess came over to him to see what was wrong. He waved his hand to indicate she should move closer, and he spoke softly so that no-one else could hear.

Carla's need to relieve the pressure building in her bladder was increasing, but she had decided that she would wait because she wanted to take the opportunity to talk to Sue again when she had finished with the passenger in front. Sue straightened up from her position leaning over the man. Carla noticed a strange expression on her face as she looked back along the aisle. Carla looked around to see what had caused her expression, and immediately her own face took on a look of surprise.

At least a quarter of the seats behind her were empty, the people who had been occupying them were standing in the aisles. At first Sue had thought that the passengers had somehow decided among themselves to take over the plane, but she quickly dismissed this idea as absurd. Then she realised that the passengers standing were actually all queuing for the toilets, which were situated in the middle of the aircraft - which was the back of her section.

Carla had also seen this and she felt the increasing need for her own relief. It really had come on amazingly quickly. In the few seconds that she had been looking back another dozen or so passengers had gotten up from their seats and had joined the end of the line. "This is ridiculous", mumbled Carla to herself. There was no way that she was going to be able to wait long enough if she joined the end of the long queue now.

All this time - which was really only about a minute but seemed much longer - Sue was trying to decide what to do. Her own thoughts were being constantly disturbed by the fact that her own bladder was almost at its bursting point, and she had at least another half an hour before her break and the chance to take her desperately needed pee. Just then she felt a tug on her sleeve and she turned around to see Marie, the stewardess from the section in front of hers.

"Sue - please I need a favour", Marie was pleading with her. She lowered her voice so that only Sue could here. "I absolutely must have a wee. Keep an eye on my section for me will you?" And, without waiting for Sue to reply, Marie turned around and almost ran to the private crew section.

Sue was still unable to move. She now watched as small arguments started to break out among the passengers. People were trying to jump the queue as their need increased rapidly. Women were shouting to let the children go first. Other women were trying to get in front themselves, and the men were having none of that - their own need being just as great. People were dancing, shamelessly holding themselves, anything to try to stop from leaking. Sue noticed that a few people had already started to lose the battle.

She suddenly realised that this was turning into a major situation, and someone had to do something quickly or this was going to be a disaster. Sue got moving, her own desire to run to the crew bathroom forgotten. She started to round up any containers, bags - anything that was capable of holding liquid - and handing them out to the passengers. She tried to start with the most desperate looking, but it soon turned into a free-for-all as others got the idea.

Within minutes there were relieved faces all around as passengers found suitable objects to take the fluids from their overflowing bladders. The doors of the toilets were flung open as two, three, even four people crowded in to share. Men were peeing into cups, emptying them and handing them to women. Sue saw that the whole scene had changed. People were co-operating, making room for each other. Total strangers were sharing something that they wouldn't even have shared with their closest friends before. There were even a few people pairing off and going back to empty seats to get to know each other better!

Sue was suddenly filled with a deep happiness. She had managed to avert a disaster and had even turned it around into something much greater. But there was still one thing left to do. She very carefully started to walk down the aisle to the crews area - not wanting to wet her nice uniform. This was going to be the most satisfying piss she had ever had. Just then she felt a tap on her shoulder.

"Hey - you forgot me!"

Sue turned and saw Carla standing there. She was almost bent over double with her arms jammed up against her aching pussy. She looked to be in absolute agony - but she was giggling! Sue started laughing too and, taking Carla gently by the arm, she led her to the private area.

They managed to position themselves in the crew toilet so that they could both pee simultaneously into the pan. After they had both released their flood barriers, and their torrential streams were pouring away satisfyingly, they had a chance to admire each others bodies. They looked at each other, both their expressions mirroring their relief and desire.

They kissed.

--Chapter Two--

In central Tokyo it was evening. The area was bustling with people out to find food, a friend or just to parade around. In the sushi bar Paul sat at a window table - a prime spot for watching the world go by outside.

Paul was in Tokyo to close a major deal for the electronics company he worked for in England. It was a big success story - selling electronics to the land that had invented it.

He sat at the table and picked at the food he had chosen. He was not particularly keen on sushi but he had always respected the local culinary styles and customs wherever he was, and he certainly had a taste for the Japanese beer.

The restaurant wasn't particularly busy at this time of the evening. A couple of tables further down there was a group of four young men dressed for the working day, behaving like kids - making faces at the window and laughing, and talking rapidly in the local tongue. Paul realised that from the outside the window was just a mirror and so the jokers at the table couldn't be seen. People walked past outside oblivious to their tormentors on the other side of the window.

Paul thought that maybe he should go to the restroom as the beer seemed to be going right through him. This was unusual - normally he could quite happily hold a huge amount before feeling much discomfort. He was about to get up when he happened to glance out the window. What he saw made him decide to wait just a little longer.

Looking outside was like watching some sort of wicked fantasy film. Paul had never considered himself a voyeur but he had always found watching a young lady needing a pee an interesting experience. Outside was all of his biggest fantasies come true!

As far as he could see in both directions were the normally reserved (in public anyway) Japanese running, walking, waddling and wincing their way up and down the busy street, looking for any privacy so that they could quickly let out the large amounts of liquid now building up.

Paul felt his need to do the same get very strong, but he didn't want to move from the window in case he missed anything. So he surreptitiously took his empty beer glass from the table, discretely undid his fly and let go of the tension that had built up. He filled the glass to the brim, all the time watching the events unfolding outside. When he had drained himself he carefully put the glass down on the floor and tucked himself back in.

Outside it was chaos. Everywhere he looked men and women tossed aside all their inhibitions as the urgency of their situation became unbearable. Just to the left were three men sharing one lamp-post! Paul watched in virtual disbelief as the three absolutely soaked the post with their combined streams. Up and down the pavement, men and women found any space they could to stand or squat, take what little aim their desperation allowed, and release huge amounts of pee. There was a river running in the gutter, as if there had just been a violent thunderstorm.

A young woman stepped up to the window, right opposite to where Paul was sitting. She was incredibly attractive, dressed in a business suit. She was also visibly shaking with the effort of trying to hold on to her absolute desperation. She stood facing the window and Paul expected her to take the now familiar squatting position. Instead, she pulled her skirt up high so that it was around her waist. Paul could see that her knickers were slightly damp, but he thought that she had done a good job in holding on this long. She then quickly pulled her knickers over to one side and at the same instant relaxed her now rapidly twitching pee muscle, which ached with the enormous level of fluid it was holding back. A fountain of pee shot out from her, hitting the window with such force that it splashed out in all directions.

Paul sat there, his mouth wide open. His erection straining for attention, as this beautiful lady washed the window for all she was worth, right in front of his nose. He watched her expression change from the frustrated agony of a few moments ago, to what could now only be described as the most incredible, happy smiling face Paul had ever seen.

He waited until she had mostly finished, then got up and quickly dumped the money for his meal on the table, hardly stopping on his way out. When he got outside, the lady at the window was just finishing re-arranging her clothing to make herself decent again. Paul tried not to stare, first at the rivulets of her water still making their way down the window to the wet pavement, and then at the lady herself. Oh well, he thought, I've got nothing to lose. He approached her and tentatively spoke the traditional Japanese greeting. She didn't run off. In fact, she smiled shyly at him.

Paul now lives in Tokyo!

--Chapter Three--

In a well known Boston bar a crowd was gathering - but this was no ordinary crowd. The word had gone out on The Net about a week ago. No-one could remember where the rumour had started, or who had started it; but all the people now gathering in the bar knew that, for them, it was going to be the most important day of their lives.

Sam stood behind the bar, watching this strange bunch of people. He wasn't too worried that they didn't seem to be buying many drinks. After all, they had paid a lot of money to hire out the whole bar for this private party. What nagged at his mind was the way they were behaving. This was no ordinary party. There was very little noise or talking, but the air seemed almost charged with electricity, as if everyone was here for some cosmic event that was going to happen. Little did Sam know that he was pretty close to the truth.

They were a mixed crowd all right. Young, old, all races, seemingly from all over the world. Sam just couldn't work out how all these people knew each other. Also, the time they wanted to have their party was all wrong - it was the middle of the day!

A young man stepped up to the bar.

"Excuse me", said the gentleman in a pleasant English accent. "Could I borrow the key to the restrooms please?"

"There's no need - they're unlocked", replied Sam, a little confused by the man's request.

"Ah - no. I realise that". He took a sideways glance at the clock and saw that it read fifteen minutes to midday. "Um - could I have the key anyway please"?

If the room was quiet before, now you could have heard a pin drop, as everyone watched the events unfolding at the bar. Sam decided that he didn't want any trouble, so he handed the keys over. But it certainly didn't feel like this crowd was out to cause trouble.

Thomas took the keys from the bartender and walked over to the start of the short corridor that led to the bathrooms. "OK, this is your last chance. Anyone who wants to take a normal bathroom break better do it now"!

Thomas looked slowly around the bar-room. All these people. I've never met most of them before, but I know them all so well. He finished his scan of the room - not one person had made any attempt to move towards the bathrooms. Thomas felt so proud of these people, he thought his heart might burst with it. He couldn't think of any better people to be with for this incredible event.

"It's almost time. I think you should lock the front door. There's gonna be a lot of people clamouring to get in here soon". That was Sally, one of the few people that Thomas had met in person before this great day.

"Yes, you're right".

"I can't wait! I can't - I can't"! Thomas saw Michelle dancing around, laughing and clutching at her pretty frock. Her show made a few of the others smile or giggle - but there was no malice or cruelty in their laughter. Although it hardly seemed possible, the excitement in the room went up a couple more notches.

As Thomas moved towards the entrance it opened and in came a lot of oriental men and women. Some seemed to Sam to be in fancy dress - there were school uniforms, nurses outfits - you name it.

"Ah - we thought you weren't going to make it", said another young man, moving forward and greeting the new arrivals. He introduced himself as Roland. "You're all taking part in my statistics gathering experiment, aren't you"? There were nods of agreement from the Japanese. "Excellent. Remember the rules"!

Thomas locked the door while Roland introduced the newcomers to some of the others. "Over there in the corner is Graham. He doesn't like publicity so don't take pictures of him. The couple there are Patches and Pi-Pi". There were a few little gasps from the Japanese as they saw the famous couple. Unfortunately, they couldn't see that much of them as they seemed to be indulging in some serious snogging and they were totally wrapped up in each other.

"Over there is Bob. That's Fluidity. Oh and there's Monty. Hey, when ARE you starting up the Forum again"? Everyone except Monty burst out laughing as if this was the first time someone had made this comment. Monty groaned loudly - but he was smiling as well.

"Wait a minute - who's that"? asked Roland, seeing the portly guy sitting at the bar for the first time.

"NORM"! everyone shouted, and they all broke up in fits of laughter. No-one was quite sure how Norm had gotten in but it seemed perfectly natural that he was here.

"Perhaps you should set up some pitchers", said Thomas to Sam.

"Now you're talking", he replied, moving to the beer pump.

"Er - sorry, no. I meant... just the empty pitchers".

Sam couldn't understand what was going on here, but he had decided to play along with this group. So he put out the empty pitchers onto the bar and added some empty glasses for good measure. People started collecting the glassware from the bar, and then settling down, waiting for whatever was about to happen.

Everyone quietened down again when they noticed the time. The clock showed one minute to midday. One minute left before it happened.

Sam watched the clock along with everyone else. It ticked around to noon.

--Chapter Four--

All over the world the story was the same. The alien had thought that his devious plan would cause mayhem. The pathetic humans, who were always looking for any reason to start an argument or fight, always at each others throats. It was supposed to have been that way. Instead, people were coming together like never before. Finding common ground through their shared experience. The alien was disgusted. Stupid humans can't even be trusted to behave predictably. They weren't worth bothering about.

The alien moved to the flight chair. Shortly, the craft took off and flew silently away, never to be seen again.

