Title: The Golden Gates
	Entry to: Month 25
By: Raen Valdus

"Wire clippers? What do you need wire clippers for?"

"To cut the fence! How else are we going to get in?"

"But why go through the fence, when you can go around the fence?" With that, a thin, 14-ish boy in a green army shirt and black jeans burst from the cover of a leafy bush, short blond hair sent astray by the wind. After a moment's hesitation, two other similarly aged girls followed; one a brunette in a tight black T-shirt with red, runic characters and brown denim shorts, the other a redhead in a loose, neon-green shirt, and tight blue denim knee-length shorts.

The first of the procession made his way to a post in the fence, and with a smug look to his friends, pulled the fence away and darted through. As the metal links released him, he whispered to the approaching brunette.

"Toss me the bag, Rabbit." Her name was Trixie, but the children's cereal made her nickname appropriate.

"Right." She stopped and removed the small backpack she was carrying, then began an incredibly complex equation resolving the exact amount of effort, momentum, and angle involved in the throwing of a 5 pound bag over a fence only slightly taller than herself. Having achieved her results, she pulled open the fence, and handed the bag to Fox. His real name had nothing to do with his nickname . . .he just looked the part of a small, furry animal.

As the brunette emulated her bag's crossing the barrier, the final component of the elaborate barrier-defeating caper approached: Wren. Again, her real name had nothing to do with her nickname, but going along with a rabbit and a wren, her red hair and thin frame made her fit the name of a wren.

Both the fence-defeaters watched her approach, since the redhead was the only one of the three with marginally sized breasts, and the fence formed a very thin-topped right angle triangle; leaving very little room where the other two girls' half-apple breasts had passed through.

Wren, however, was either undaunted by this predicament, or totally unknowledgeable of it. She approached the fence, spread it, and poked her head through, as the others had done. However, when the rest of her body began to follow, she stopped abruptly, and looked to the other two, who were already having trouble controlling their laughter. "Oh, very funny . . .you're both jealous, and you know it," she laughed.

Fox leaned forward to see how badly Wren was stuck, then burst out laughing again; if his captured companion moved more than an inch in any direction, her neon-green shirt would tear. The jagged edges of the fence had caught very well.

"Well," grinned Rabbit, "you're gonna have to take it off, cause we're not helping after that ?jealousy' bit."

Grumbling, Wren took one hand from the fence, and slid it backwards through its armhole, then used it to replace the other hand holding up the fence. Its counterpart did the same, until both her hands her exiting from the bottom of her shirt. With a nasty look to Fox, she ducked quickly, pulling her shirt-neck from her head with one hand, leaving her shirtless. Quickly, she stood and untangled her shirt, at the jeers of her friends.

With the replacement of Wren's shirt, the operation was complete. They had infiltrated the Amusement Park, behind the cover of the ?Carnie Box' vans. At the direction of Wren, Fox slid out into the crowd, then returned quickly.

"What's the magic colour, Fox?"

"Black."

Rabbit pulled a trio of copied black armbands from her sack, and an insider friend's rubber stamp, complete with ink pad. Soon, Fox and the girls had all they would need to wander freely around the Park, unhindered by security or need for tickets.

###

Half an hour later, each sugar high teenager stood lined up before the only grouping of portable toilets in the Amusement Park, and ready to use them.

"You brought drinks in that bag, didn't you?" asked Fox.

"Yep." replied Rabbit, and pulled three bottles labelled ?Ginger Ale.' from her sack. She handed one to each her friends, then opened her own. Knowing full well that the substance in each bottle was similar to Ginger Ale only in appearance, she was the only one who didn't nearly choke at the first sip.

"How did you . . .? No, never mind. I know your brother." said Fox.

Soon, the line before them diminished, as did their drinks, since they wanted the most buzz they could get out of only one beer each. Largely to their dismay, though, the portable toilets bore far too much of a ?Raw Sewage' (TM) scent to them, and none of the three dared enter any of them.

"Forget it," said Fox, "let's just go on one more ride, then go home." The other two girls nodded their agreement, but said nothing.

###

2x2x2x3x5x5 seconds later, or, rather, ten minutes later, the trio had not yet boarded the final ride, but was, in fact, in a twisted-nylon entrapment maze meant as a queue for it.

"I'm starting to regret not having used the toilets . . .I had a full bladder when we were there, and that beer isn't helping any," said Rabbit.

"You're just starting . . .I felt that way halfway back the line." replied Wren.

"Well, me too," added Fox, not to be left out. "But we've waited too long for this ride to leave now." He motioned to the final two steps they had to take before they could board the Park's newest, proudest addition: the ?Golden Gates' roller coaster. It had inverted, leg dangling seats, upside-down riding, death defying heights and drops, a corkscrew, and a triple loop-de-loop finale.

The three flashed their bracelets, signifying their ride-all-day payment, and were waved through after Rabbit deposited her bag in the baggage area. Wren dashed forward and grabbed the front seat, followed by Rabbit and Fox.

"I am really starting to regret . . ."

"We know!"

"Ladies and gentlemen, there will be a short delay. One of the members of the last ride lost his wallet."

Triple groans, chorused slightly less deeper by the rest of the riders and would-be riders still lined up.

"Right, that's it, I'm peeing in the corner while they search." said Wren, and tried to stand from her seat, but she had already been locked in. The futility was shown to her friends by a muffled whine of despair. "Oh no!" she wailed.

"You're not the only one, Wren. We can't even cross our legs!" said Rabbit, her voice somewhat strained.

"I hope they find that wallet soon," muttered Fox, bouncing a little in his seat. "It's bad enough these seats spread your legs so wide!"

As the trio fidgeted in their seats, the intercom crackled to life again. "Aaahhh . . . sorry for the delay, the wallet was in his bag. Have a nice day."

Wren had time to slide herself back and forth in her seat a few times before the ride jarred into motion. Her face twisted sadly as she called to the others of her advanced state of distress, and the changed wetness level in her panties. They only grunted replies, their faces already turning to masks of exertion, breaths short and ragged.

After the initial jolt, the ride lurched to a start, and slid forward agonizingly slowly, before catching in the chain elevator, eliciting another whine not only from Wren, but Rabbit.

"I-I can't take it!" gasped Wren. "I just know I'm going to piss myself on this ride!" She tried again to reach into her black cutoffs to hold herself, but the ride's arm braces prevented her. She let out another wail.

"Uh-oh . . .we're at the top," said someone behind them, and they opened their eyes to see a hundred metre drop before them. They screamed the whole length down, the ride not being their only fear. Slamming to the bottom of the hill, each teen gave a final yelp to top off their screams. Fortunately, their fluids' escapes were quickly cut off, but each girl now had a growing wet spot in her panties, along with Fox trying to force his back down his tube.

After a few bumps passed, during which the other passengers where perplexed by the panicky girls up front, they boarded another chain elevator. Only Rabbit suffered any difficulty at this jolt, but each teen was fighting hard to keep their bladder from bursting on the ride.

"I can taste it!" shouted one of them. "Lemme off! I'm gonna burst!"

Their shouts did little to help the fact that they were now spiralling down a corkscrew, ready to release a torrent of piss into their already-soaked underwear. They reacher the bottom of the corkscrew, and hit a bump signalling it.

That did it. Wren, unable to stop it, let out a piercing wail as the piss that had been pounding against her pussy muscles finally found a route of escape, welled up in her panties, and spilled out along her black cutoffs, quickly escaping through the side of the now-darker material.

The bump did no better for Rabbit. She pushed her arms and legs against the seat's restraints, but when the bump hit, she spasmed, and golden relief shot forth from beneath a clump of equally golden hair, puddling and immediately soaking her panties from ass to pelvis. It welled up and burst forth into her loose brownn shorts, quickly slipping along her leg to freedom.

Fox was equally affected, but his pissing organ was pointing upwards at the time. So when the stream shot from his tip, it spattered against the cloth barrier, but slid upwards into his green army shirt, leaving his stomach disgustingly wet.

And so they entered the triple loop finale, piss already squirting from them at high speeds under its own pressure. Their momentum quickly added to that pressure, sucking at the gushing liquid until it exited the girls faster than a garden hose. Their pained faces turned from despair to ultimate relief as they were freed of their fluid burden faster than ever before. In near-unison, their squeals of shame turned to moans of relief. Fortunately for Fox, the G-force pulled his pisser downwards, and his relief became equal to the other girls', but his relief spread down his leg, unable to find an exit from his full-length jeans.

The coaster passed by, its rear passengers kept relatively dry from the far flung girls' piss, then lurched to a halt. A moment of silence ensued, then a triple spiral of golden rain fell from the air surrounding the loops, turning into a half circle as the first drops hit the ground. The final three half circles followed, leaving a sound of rain dripping from an eaves trough echoing through the air.

The girls, at the end of their ride, still sat in their seats, letting the last drops of piss leak out their young slits into a trio of utterly soaked panties while Fox quickly jumped from his seat and started flapping his shirt. As their streams abated, Wren, in the front seat, opened her eyes from her diminishing bliss, to see someone standing before them with a camera. "Say cheese!" FLASH! * * * * * * * * * *

Front page of the newspaper the next day:

The GoldenWaterGate

With accompanying pictures of three spirals of piss hanging in the air, and three relieved, but still relieving, young girls. As Fox later teased, he was not shown in the picture, only his two embarrassed companions.

