Shopping Trip
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

On a Saturday afternoon Janet and Martin arrived both at the same time from work. They went into their flat and put off their shoes and jackets. Janet made some tea and they talked a while.

After they finished their tea Janet stood up to go to the bathroom. Martin asked:, "What are you doing?"

"I have to go to the bathroom. Shouldn't I?" Janet asked with a wink.

"Can you hold it a bit?"

"I think I can. But I'm not sure how long."

"Okay then. Let's go to the mall, try on a few pieces, buy one or two and then go back."

Janet knew he wanted to get her deperate and she liked doing holding it for him. so she agreed.

"But don't humilate me please," she said. "When I say we have to go, we really have to leave. Okay!"

"Maybe..," he answered. "but not inside the mall. You have to go out to another place."

They got into their car where Martin handed Janet a bottle of water. "Just in case you get thirsty," he said with a grin.

As they drove, Janet drank half the bottle because she really liked to be desperate to pee. She felt a little anxious when Martin parked the car far away from the entrance, making Janet walk for a while. He knew that this would make things harder for Janet when the time came to depart.

Inside, they strolled around, first looking for some new DVDs and then going into the clothing store. Janet was starting to feel the pressure of her full bladder.

"I don't know if we can stay long," she whispered. "I really need to pee badly now."

"Maybe you could try on some clothes," Martin suggested. "It might distract you." Janet knew he was deliberately delaying her, but she did not mind really. She started looking through the stands for clothes she might actually like to buy, discretly stepping from foot to foot, sometimes crossing her legs. Her situation was becoming urgent.

After a while, she went into the changing rooms with a few shirts. She struggled more freely inside the privacy of the cubicle as she tried on several of the shirts. She was getting really desperate to pee now. One of the shirts looked good on her, and she went out to show Martin.

"Hey that one is cool!" he said, smiling and taking in the stiff way she was standing.

"I think I'll take it!" she declared, clearly in a hurry now.

Martin shook his head. "Come on, please try the red one, I think it will also look pretty."

"Okay but then we finish."

Martin looked at her and could see that she must feel very uncomfortable by now, because by bending down to the chair where she had laid down the shirt, she tried really carefully not to bend her waist, bending her knees instead. The waistband of her jeans had become very tight.

Janet was now feeling the effects of the tea and the bottle of water she had drunk, more than she had expected. She tried the next one and Martin could see her belly bulging.

She put on her own shirt again and said, "We have to go now."

Martin said, "Oh not this fast, please, can you try some skirts? I'm sure you need some. You always need some!"

Martin calculated the effect of opening the waistband and trying on shirts with much looser waistbands than that of her jeans, and he was sure it wouldn't be easy for her to get back into the own jeans after wearing clothes that accommodated her swollen bladder.

"No," Janet replied. "I can't do it anymore. Believe me, I'm really ready to burst."

Martin could obvious see she was telling the truth. Although she had managed to maintain her composure until now, he had noticed her legs shivering a bit from time to time. The strained look in Janet's eyes was also betraying her desperation.

Janet tried to escape the situation by walking towards the counter, but Martin quickly followed her, and when they came across a shop assistant, he seized his opportunity.

"Excuse me," he said. "We are searching for skirts for my girlfriend. Would you show us where they are?"

"Yes of course," the woman agreed readily. "Please follow me."

Janet threw an angry glance at Martin but he only grinned.

They followed the woman to the skirts and dresses section, where she turned to them and said, "What do you want me to show you?"

"Some long skirts in decent colours," Janet said, feeling she might as well go along with Martin's ruse. After all, there was no chance of making a quick exit now, so she did her best to look casual. She told the shop assistant her size, adding on a little to avoid having to squeeze into anything too tight with her bladder so full.

Janet stood wiht her legs crossed, hands in the back pockets, and trying to keep her body straight. But her bladder was really full and protesting, forcing her to bend a little at the waist. She hoped no one would notice. When she looked round at Martin though, it was clear that he could see it.

While the women searched through skirts for Janet's size, he asked, "Are you alright?"

"No," Janet whispered sharply. Her desperation had reached a peak, forcing her to bend a little more. She squeezed her buttocks together as hard as she could for a few seconds, worried that she might start leaking at any second. Then, at last, the woman brought some clothes which Janet took into the changing room, walking quickly and grateful to be able to move her legs. Inside, she broke into a squirming pee dance as she literally tore off her own jeans. It was a great relief.

She massaged her bladder area for a while to ease the pain, and when she felt she had herself sufficiently under control, she tried on the first skirt. It looked alright on, so she stepped out into the shop to let martin see it. She did her best to appear calm and relaxed, but her breathing was tight as she fought to keep her muscles taut.

"Not your style I think," Martin said. Janet winced. He was delaying her again. "I'm not sure," she said, using every second to parade about in front of the mirror, shifting her legs from one side to the other. The assistant asked her to stop moving and showed her some details while she was standing. Being unable to move her legs brought back a massive need to pee and after seconds she wasn't able to stand and once again did one turn in front of the mirror to cover her pee dance. Then she crossed her legs and listened to the words of the shop assistant.

"Try the next one!" Martin asked her, feeling that she must close to loosing control in front of the woman.

"Good idea!" the women said.

The only one who wasn't thinking this a good idea was Janet. She fought a massive wave of pressure at that moment, and wasn't able to uncross her legs without the risk of loosing control. It had reached very serious stage now, surprising even her. She somehow managed to regain control and hobbled back into the stall.

Inside she pressed both hands between her legs for a few seconds to get more control. Than slippped off the skirt and tried on the next one. This one was more her look but she was beyond caring about that. She likes to be desperate but now she was near to get humilated and she started to panic. She could not even warn Martin that she was really at her limit, not with the woman so close to them.

She stepped out and performed some careful moves in front of the mirror.

"That one is good!" Martin said.

The shop assistant agreed. "Yes pretty good, can you turn around so that we could see you completely?"

This was a welcome suggestion for Janet because it allowed her to turn around, crossing her legs as she did so.

"Yes really nice," Martin added. He noticed Janet tapping from foot to foot and clenching her hands into fists. "We can take this," he announced, realizing that his girlfriend could not take much more without wetting herself.

Janet had to fight a massive urge; her composure was slipping more and more. She felt that she would pee her pants any second! At the last moment, she pressed her hands into her groin as if to gather up the skirt.

"But maybe a bit to long!" she gasped, pressing both hands into her crotch, her fingertips reaching her peehole.

It was a good excuse, because the skirt really was a bit long because of the larger size she had selected, enabling her to hold herself without humilation.

Martin felt sympathetic towards her now and tried to send the woman away. "Do you have this one in a smaller size?" he asked.

"I think so," the shop assistant said. "I'll look for you."

As the woman moved out of earshot, Janet whispered, "I can't try another. I have to pee. We have to leave! Please Martin, I can't last any longer."

As she spoke these words, she had to stand with her legs pressed together, half-bending at the waist. Seeing the shop assistant on her way back, Janet tried to stand still again, but without much sucess. She had to keep shifting her weight from foot to foot, trying to concentrate on what the woman was saying to her.

"This is the same skirt, one size smaller. Maybe you should try it on just to be sure it fits?"

"No, I'm sure it will be okay." Janet said hurried, crossing her legs hard.

"But it's no problem. Just try it on. We want our customers to be satisfied."

"I'm sure it will fit," Janet repeated, folding her hands in front of her crotch and pressing one finger discretly between her legs. "The length will be fine and the waist is stretchy of course."

But the shop assistant, trying to be professional, said with obvious reluctance, "Well, if you think so, but you want to feel comfortable in your clothes."

Janet panicked because she knew she couldn't hold on long enough to try on another skirt.

"Um, actually, this one is a bit wide!" she said, pulling her hands away from her crotch and inserting her thumbs into her waistband to demonstrate how much space there would be, all the time stepping from foot to foot.

But of course there was no space at all. She tried to pull in her abdomen. The woman raised her eyebrows as she saw the big bulge of Janet's belly. She presumably thought this to be fat, and rather than give offence, she said tactfully, "Yes, it will surly fit."

Janet folded her hands in front of her crotch again, this time pressing more fingers between her legs, trying not to shake too much.

"Okay, then maybe we can take it up to the counter," Martin said, urging the woman away. "We'll look around to see if there is anything else before we leave."

"Certainly," the woman agreed, "but if your girlfriend will need to give me back the one she ir still wearing so that I can put it back on display."

"Oh, yes, of course," Janet gasped out as she hurried away to the changing room, her steps small and rapid. She tumbled into the stall and slipped off the skirt, then quickly sat on the chair to regain composure. She was bursting! She pressed one hand between her legs and bobbed her body up and down to get her need under control. From outside, she heard Martin say, "Can you hand tyhe skirt out."

Janet really didn't want to stand up, so without pulling back the curtain, she put her arm through with the skirt. Someone took it, then there was silence.

"Is she gone?" Janet asked in a loud whisper.

"Yes!" Martin replied.

"You are a bastard," she said, her voice louder now, tinged with anger. "We have to hurry because I'm ready to piss myself!"

She stood up and tried to pull on her jeans. Even unbuttoned, they felt very tight around her body. She left them unbuttoned while she slipped on her shoes, an act that forced her to bend down and apply extra pressure to her throbbing bladder. She very nearly lost it. After she had her shoes on, she had to stand up and button her jeans because she was wearing a short top and a short jacket, neither of which would hide anything. She tried to secure the button but it was impossible because it squeezed her too hard, leaving her in agony.

"Martin, I can't even close my jeans! I have to pee so bad. Have you seen the toilets?" she asked, stepping out of the cubicle and covered her unbottened waistband with her bag.

"Are you kidding?" Martin said without answering her question. "Would you walk around like this?"

Janet looked into the mirror and could see that she wasn't able to cover her private area with her bag. and stepped back in the stall and pulled up the zipper and closed the wasitband while holding her breath. As she breathed out she felt the additional pressure and doubled over in pain.

"Come on," Martin said, "try to walk normally."

Janet did her best but it hurt so much to straighten her body. She managed to straighten until she was only slightly bent forward. She could not hurry though; she had to concentrate hard and step very carefully to avoid jogging her bursting bladder.

They joined the line at the counter, Janet immediately crossing her legs and trying to keep her composure. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. Another spasm forced her to double over and ram one hand into her pocket to press against her peehole. She had no idea how, but she maneged to wait until it was their turn. Martin paid, and regarded her standing with both hands inside her pockets, fingers pressing into her crotch.

"I can't wait anymore," she whispered to Martain. To the girl behind the till, she said, "Where are your nearest toilets please?"

She tried to control her voice but she was trembling, her legs crossed hard. The girl could see that she was dying for a pee and quickly answered, "You have to go out the shop and then left hand side down the corridor. There are some the toilets there."

Janet thanked her and started walking, closely followed by Martin. She had to stop after a few meters and lean against a handrail, hoping she looked merely as if she were resting. She pressed her hand deeper into her pocket, squeezing hard. It hurt so badly that she could do nothing more. Her tired muscles suddenly gave way!

"No!" she gasped, squeezing her thighs together even harder, her body shiver with the strain. It was no good. Janet bit her lip as she started to lose control. She had simply reached her limit.

It came in a rapid, hissing jet between her legs. She couldn't stop the flow at first so she stood there without moving, peeing her pants in a public place. Some of the people passing by may have noticed but they gave no sign of having done so. Maybe they really didn't see what was happening because the jeans was too dark, or they didn't want to embarrass her by staring.

After a few seconds she was able to stop peeing and walked quickly to the car, trying not to draw attention to herself by heading for the toilets. It was insane logic, but she could not really thing straight. She still had a full bladder and was completely distracted by badly wanting to let the rest go.

As she reached the car, she hurriedly squatted down behind it and emptied her bladder completly. Oh, the relief.

Martin loaded the shopping into the car while she was doing this, then climbed into to drive. He placed a shopping bag on the seat to protect the upholstery. Janet climbed in and Martin started driving.

They didn't talk the whole ride. Janet thought Martin must be angry with her for losing it, not realizing that he was feeling guilty for humiliating her in public. He, of course, thought that she must be angry with him.

At home, while she showered, Janet wondered what she ought to say to make things better between them. But she came out of the shower naked, she said, "At first I was angry at you, but without you, I wouldn't have gone so far and I'm glad I did!"

Martin looked astonished as janet ripped off his clothes and pulled him into the bedroom.

