Pounding with a Full Bladder
	Full bladder sex.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123

It has been two hours in traffic after chugging more than a liter of ice, cold water. The gridlock seemed to have no way of clearing up any time sooner and my bladder ached uncomfortably inside. I was cold and sweaty at the same time. The air conditioning was rather confusing. But one thing was really clear. I had to pee. Urgently. Like right now. The way my penis clenched and thrummed within my pants was overwhelming. All what I wanted to do to was stand in front of the urinal, unzip my pants, whip out my aching cock and piss long and hard. But that relief seemed to be light years away.

After one more hour, I managed to get to my apartment building and park my car. It was one hell of a task considering how badly I needed the bathroom. I felt like I would lose control and spurt into my briefs any minute. I could barely stand straight as I locked up my car and rushed to the elevator. I couldn't hold it in any longer and I was playing with the zipper of my pants already. I just wished that Alya was home and that she would open up the door really soon. I couldn't wait any longer. The urine had managed to fight through all my efforts and find its way to the tip of my penis which was now hard and filled with piss.

I rushed into the elevator and waited to reach my floor. Thank God I was alone. I shuffled uncomfortably on my feet, shifting from one leg to the other as I struggled to control my intense urge to pee.

Finally i reached my floor and zipped out of the elevator and straight to my apartment door. I rang the bell and danced on the spot while kneading my crotch. My cock had gone semi hard within my pants from all the holding and the 3 hour wait.

"Come on! Hurry!" I groaned and rang the bell desperately again. Finally, the door opened after what seemed like a decade and there stood Alya in a short, seductive skirt. "What took you so long?" I snapped angrily and shouldered past her to get to the bathroom as fast as I could but she pulled me back and pinned me to the wall.

"What are you doing?" I asked her suspiciously.

"I've just been waiting for you to get back," she said in a sexy voice and locked the door. "My hormones are really out of control today baby and I need you in me." I could feel her leg in between mine and her hand playing over my urine filled cock.

"Alya..." This was something I couldn't refuse but the situation called for an urgent evacuation of my bladder. "Alya... I need to pee."

"I know..." she moaned and gently massaged my crotch. Her touch intensified the need to pee and the need to be inside her. She was just dripping wet and I could see it. "I want you to hold it," she instructed calmly.

"But Alya... I've been wanting to go for more than three hours..."

"Oh... I'm sure that you can hold it longer for me, right baby?" This time she caught hold of my zipper and pulled it down with a loud, steely zip. I felt her long fingers brush over my semi-hardness and I hissed. I couldn't make out what I needed more. To piss. Or to go in her.

She went down on her knees, pulled out my thrumming penis and looked up at me with a shrewd smile. "Aw. Poor baby wants to go pee-pee?"

"Alya..." I gasped as I felt her run her warm tongue over my cold dick. My need to urinate had reached new heights. And so had my need to have sex with her. I was still pinned to the wall. "Alya... I need to piss so bad..." I moaned as she sucked my dick like a straw. It almost felt as if she was trying to drink the urine out of my bladder. I gasped as she sucked faster, taking in my ever growing length to the back of her throat and out. My cock was wet and slippery with her saliva and my cum. My bladder ached to explode and my cock shuddered to go deep into her.

"Ah God!" I gasped. "Alya... I love you..."

I felt like I would cum and pee at the same time... any minute. So I grabbed her and raised her to the feet and planted a hot passionate kiss. We stumbled back to the table in the living room, still locked in our sensational kiss.

I pinned her down to the table, my cock sticking out from my pants.

"I need you baby..." she moaned and I yanked off her underwear and flung it aside. I was at the height of pleasure and desperation and didnt bother to pull off either of our clothes.

With one sharp ram I was inside her wet vaginal cavity. She squealed in pain and dug her fingernails into my back. I pounded again, building up in speed and intensity by the minute.

"Ahh... I love you baby..." she gasped and moaned while we continued to kiss and explore each other.

I continued to pound her, the table creaking and buckling under pressure. "Alya... I love you... I want to fuck you hard..." I chanted and rammed into her. I wanted to feel like this forever. I could hold my pee forever. I could fuck her forever. Anything for her.

"Fuck me hard baby!" she pleaded in a deep, seductive moan.

I could feel it now. The rushing sensation of sperms. "Ah! Baby! Alya!" I moaned deeply and fucked her hard and slow as my body began to dissolve and my load shot deep into her.

She held on tightly to my trembling body as I collapsed onto her sweaty one. We lay there for a while until Alya finally spoke. "We should this more often..."

"Yeah, we should..." I agreed.

My cock was still pulsing in her vagina which continued to cave in. And with that, the need to pee returned huger than before.

"Ah God. I need to go so bad," I whispered.

"No..." she refused downright.

"But baby... I've been wanting to go for so long."

"You can go inside me," she said.

"But..."

"Either go in me or keep holding..."

I smiled and kissed her as I felt my cock throb in pleasure again. But then, I felt her hand push gently against my bladder. "Alya... what're you doing...?"

"Helping you to go," she smiled coyly and pushed harder. At that, I felt pee squirt out of the tip of my cock in a sharp jet, right into her pussy .

"Ah..." I gasped as I felt my bladder give way.

"You're very full..." she bit her lip and pushed at my bladder again. Another squirt and I felt her vaginal wall tighten around my cock.

"Shit... I can't... I'm losing... shit... I have to go... I'm going... I'm pissing... shit shit shit... ahhhh..."

A loud rushing sound could be felt and heard as I felt the gallons of piss cascade out of my bladder.
