The ride had been long, hot and dusty across the Painted Desert of the American southwest in my 60 Chevy Impala convertible. Jackie and I had left for home after an early morning breakfast that included a lot of coffee and juice. We choose to go west for spring break instead of the typical Florida or Padre Island thing that most college kids choose, as we both loved the desert and had friends in Palm Springs. As we drove along that stretch of deserted blacktop, listening to music on the radio, we talked and kept drinking away at a cooler of cokes that we had purchased. A couple of hours into the desert, having long passed the last remnants of civilization, or at least a gas station with a bathroom, I noticed that Jackie was not talking quite as much as she had been. At first I figured that she was just tired, as the week had been filled with long hours of partying and letting off steam. A couple of miles later I happened to glance over and saw her give her pussy a quick little squeeze and then just as quickly move her hand away. At first I thought that she was just making a little adjustment when I noticed that she had her legs gently swaying back and forth in a rhythmic clapping motion. My first thought was she needed to pee, and just as quickly I decided that she was just bored. I couldn't help but watch Jackie a little more intently at that point. Her legs never stopped moving and she seemed to be shifting around in the seat a lot more than I expected, as if trying to get comfortable. I also caught her squeezing her pussy again when she thought I wasn't looking. There was no doubt about it now Jackie needed to pee. She had drunk at least 3 cups of coffee for breakfast and 2 or 3 cokes since we had left the restaurant. Her bladder must be getting full by now. It was at that point that I realized that I too needed to take a pee although it was not very urgent. We hadn't seen a car in an hour and a building in longer than that. I didn't know exactly how long it would be till we got to the next inhabited place. I looked over at Jackie and said, "I don't know about you, but I need to stop and get rid of some of this coffee and coke." Jackie just looked over at me and kind of said "Oh" with a funny look on her face. Then she asked, "Do you think there is a gas station or something around pretty soon? I need a pee break myself." I had to be honest and tell her that I just didn't know. I told her "don't worry, we haven't seen a car in an hour, you can pee by the side of the road, no one will see." Jackie didn't say anything to that at all. I eased the car over onto the shoulder of the road and came to a stop and looked at Jackie and asked her if she wanted to go first. She just grimaced and shook her head no. I got out, went to the back of the car and took a long, noisy, much needed pee onto the sand. There was no way that Jackie could not hear the pee splattering to the ground and as I glanced over to her, I could see that she was wiggling in her seat and that the sound of my relief was not helping her situation. After about a minute I finished up, shook the last bit of dew from the tip and put my dick away. I walked back to the car, hopped in and said "your turn." Jackie looked at me with a look of desperation and horror as she just sat there. I asked her if she was going to pee and she quietly told me " no, I can't." As she sat there squirming in the seat, obviously in pain from a desperate need to pee I asked her what she meant by saying she couldn't. Jackie then told me that she just couldn't pee that way in public. She had never been able to pee in public. I told her that this wasn't really in public as no one was around but me and I would not watch. She then began to tell me that she was terribly bladder shy unless she was in a completely enclosed stall with a door. With out a stall and door or a locked bathroom that no one could enter, she just could not bring herself to pee. She would try and try but nothing ever came out. I asked her "how do you manage to hold on that long till you get to a bathroom," and she began to cry telling me she didn't a lot of times. She stated that she couldn't pee in public, but when it got bad enough she couldn't help but pee in her pants. She stated that she had had many accidents over the years when she could not find a bathroom. I told Jackie to give it a try, as she was wiggling and rocking in the seat clapping her legs together. She told me she would, but she didn't think it would work. Jackie got out of the car, walked to the back fender, and unzipped her pants. I could hear the rustle of her pants and panties being lowered and then silence. After a couple of minutes she pulled her pants back up and hopped in the car saying that it was of no use. Jackie asked me to hurry and see if we couldn't come across a gas station or somewhere with a bathroom. As I drove off, I noticed that she now was not only wiggling and rocking in the seat but that she had her hand between her legs squeezing her pussy. Jackie began to tell me that it started as a girl about 4 or 5 years old. She stated that she remembered going to her grandmother's house with her other brothers and sisters and one day she waited to long to go pee while playing. She ran into the house and found the bathroom occupied and began squirming like little girls do and crying. Her grandmother saw her and when she found out she was about to make "pee pee" in her panties she grabbed her up and carried her to the old garage. In the garage her grandmother took off her panties and held her up in the air so she could pee telling her to go on the dirt floor. Jackie stated that she was so afraid that she couldn't pee and began to cry. Just then a bunch of neighborhood kids ran in while playing and saw her without her underwear being held up by her grandmother and they began to laugh at her. Jackie said that since that day she could never pee with someone around or out in the open. As she told this story she was rocking harder in the seat and moaning about her overly distended bladder. Jackie was a slender girl that liked tight jeans and I could see a slight bulge in her jeans from her distended bladder. She was on the verge of crying and obviously in great distress over her desperate need to pee. I pulled over to the side of the road and told her to try again. She said, "I can't. I can never pee this way." I told her to try anyway. Jackie jumped out and didn't even attempt to hide. She hurt so much that she just couldn't move anymore. She dropped her jeans and squatted in the doorway trying to pee. I could hear her grunt as she tried desperately to force out the smallest little drop to relieve her agony. As she began to cry she pulled up her jeans and turned toward the car. At that point it was all over. I heard her gasp quickly and state "no, no, no." Then I heard it. That unmistakable hiss of pent up urine rapidly escaping into her jeans. The crotch of her jeans darkened rapidly and the river of pee ran down the legs of her tight jeans. She stood there with a stunned look on her face her hand now soaked, still in her crotch. The tears fell almost as fast at the pent up pee escaping her bladder. The pee eventually slowed and then stopped. Her jeans were wet half way up to her waist both front and back and soaked all the way to her ankles. Her white socks were yellow and her shoes sloshed with every movement. Jackie stood there both mortified and in shock at what had just happened. I got out of the car, got her some shorts and panties from the trunk and went around to where she was still standing. I helped her out of her wet clothes and handed her some dry ones. Instead of putting them on, she grabbed a towel from the trunk and wrapped it around her waist. She said she was too wet to put on clothes right then and that she would dry in a few minutes and she would pull them on then. Jackie dumped her wet clothes into a bag in the trunk and hopped in clad in the towel. As we headed on down the highway, she sat there quietly for several minutes. Jackie apologized for acting like a big baby and wetting her pants. I told her not to worry about it, that those things happen to everyone sometime. She looked at me and said that's true, but not at 19. As we rode Jackie began to tell me of other times that she had wet her pants due to her shy bladder. She described the events as if they were yesterday. After she dried she pulled on the dry clothes I got her and she seemed to relax. She began to tell me of one particular occasion where she had wet herself on the way home from work one night. But that is another story.
PP Watcher