Caught in the Act
	Have you ever had one of those moments?
Author: wyldechylde

Jennie hated herself at the moment. She was wearing white stretch fabric pants with no underwear, was sitting on a bus stop in the middle of a long empty road and had to pee like a racehorse. There were no bushes or trees anywhere near her so unless she wanted to squat to pee for anyone passing by to see her which she didn't she just had to hold it until the bus finally came. The potty on the bus was cramped and stank but at least it was private, unlike out here. She clamped her legs together and tried not to think about her bladder throbbing in her midsection, she knew damn well that she shouldn't have had that last soda but she drank it anyway and now she was paying the price.

As if she wasn't suffering enough a really hot guy was walking down the road towards her, knowing her luck she would loose control of herself right as he walked by and piss all over the ground right in front of him. As he walked up to the bench she didn't but he didn't walk by her either, he sat down right next to her and began to talk.

"Been waiting long?" he asked. She was trying to focus on not pissing herself so much that it took her a second to realize he was talking to her.

"Hmm? Oh yeah, about thirty minutes I think." At least it felt that long, she started bobbing one leg up and down, he was really hot and shirtless to boot. Her top wasn't very big due to the heat but she didn't have much to fill it. She often complained that she'd had zits that were bigger than her tits but he didn't seem to mind. She caught him trying to check out what little cleavage she had, unembarrassed she was actually flattered.

"Ahh, ok. The bus must be running late again."

"When was it supposed to be here?" she asked hopeful.

"Right about now actually."

"Oh, yeah then it is running late." She was starting to curse her bad luck. Her bladder hurt so bad she could barely sit up straight, not only that but this really cute guy seemed to be interested in her and all she could do was keep her mouth shut and focus on the restraint needed to keep from pissing all over the ground.

"Where you coming from?" he asked genuinely curious.

"Huh? Oh school." She almost missed that he was talking to her again.

"Really? Which one?"

"The uh," she shifted uncomfortably on her seat. "The community college up the road about three miles. I was visiting a friend."

"Oh ok, so you aren't from around here?" he asked disappointment clear in his voice despite his efforts to hide it.

"No sorry." She smiled warmly. "But I visit a lot so I'm kind of familiar with the area." Except for the nearest bathroom, she added to herself, her crotch was starting to feel a little wet she was hoping it was sweat from the hot day they were in the middle of.

"Oh cool, my name's Brad." He held out his hand, she shook it and smiled broadly.

"I'm Jennie." The motion had unfortunately caused a slight crack in her efforts to keep the dam shut and she felt a small amount of pee spurt from her. She clamped her legs tighter hoping to close the gate back up. Where was that damn bus?

"Its good to meet you," he continued. "I actually go that school, Bernhard Community Collage. It's named after my Great-Great Grandfather."

"Really?" Jennie tried not to get to excited or she'd loose control again.

"Yeah my whole family went to that school."

"Sounds like quite a tradition." Jennie started bouncing her legs up and down again.

"Yeah it is, are you ok?"

Jennie felt another spurt of urine at her surprise. He could obviously tell she wasn't doing so good.

"Yeah I'm fine." She lied hoping to change the subject and clamp down on her disobedient bladder. She could feel another spurt coming on and looked down the road, no bus anywhere in sight.

"So what classes are you taking at the school?"

"Biology and Chemical science, I'm hoping to go to med school when I graduate."

"That sounds awesome." Another spurt of pee sprung from her piss canal. If that bus didn't show up in the next minute or so she was going to loose control in front of Brad and loose him as well. She closed her eyes trying to will the pee to hold back, another spurt of urine was her response but this one lasted about a second, much longer than the others.

"Are you sure you're ok?" Brad asked again concern in his voice.

Biting her lower lip she nodded. Another second long spurt of urine exited her bladder. "I'm fine."

"You sure?"

"Yeah I'm sure." She spread her legs to try and become more comfortable and instantly regretted it, her bladder won the fight to keep the urine in and she began peeing right through the fabric of her pants. A sizeable wet spot was already there and now was rapidly spreading all over her crotch, the stream was also strong enough to shoot right through the fabric of her pants and arc over the edge of the bus bench onto the ground making a loud splattering sound as it hit the dry earth. Her muscles completely relaxed by themselves and the stream grew stronger and longer as she pissed herself right in front of Brad who sat staring at the display with his mouth hanging open. Jennie was frozen with humiliation, she could not believe that she had lost control like this, her eyes became as big as saucers and her mouth clamped shut in a slight frown, she didn't dare look at what she was doing all over herself.

About twenty to thirty seconds later the stream finally abated and she closed her legs trying to hide the wet patch of fabric that now covered her entire crotch and her ass as well. She looked away from Brad out over the road completely mortified, her pants were completely soaked and she had no change of clothes, all she could do was sit there in her piss soaked pants and wait for the bus which was still nowhere to be seen.

"Damn." Brad said finally. Jennie still didn't look at him.

"I'm so sorry I did that." She finally said.

"Don't be sorry, that was hot."

"Huh?" Jennie looked at him startled. He was smiling and had not taken his eyes off of her wet crotch. Even though her legs were pressed together the urine had spread far enough it could still be seen. She looked at his crotch and sure enough he was pitching a tent in his pants.

"You thought that was sexy?" she asked confused.

"Yeah. Its stupid I know, just forget I said anything." He turned away obviously a little flustered. She stood up and walked in front of him no longer ashamed she displayed her wet crotch proudly.

"I have to pee still, want to see me in action again?" she had a pee fetish that she had never admitted to anyone, even her boyfriend so knowing that Brad found her pissing her pants hot was a real turn-on to her. Besides, her boyfriend was cheating on her with some cheerleader skank, why not get some revenge?

"Yeah." Brad said eager for more.

Jennie spaced her legs wide enough apart that he could get a good view but far enough that she would dribble piss down her legs as well. Her bladder still hurt a little but felt better than it had before. She had spent a long time teaching herself to pee on command so cutting loose in front of Brad was easy for her, she had waited a long time for just this kind of guy to come along. Her urine flowed freely this time spraying right through the fabric of her pants and forming a good solid stream onto the ground, it splattered loudly and formed a puddle quickly.

The wet spot in her pants grew to include the inside of her legs as her pee flowed over her thighs and calves to join the growing pool on the ground. After the long piss she had just had she was surprised she could muster this much more urine but she pissed on. Extremely turned on at what she was doing she pulled off her top and began playing with her tits, squeezing and tweaking her nipples while she pissed. Brad decided to join in the fun and pulled his pants down around his ankles and began stroking his long cock staring at Jennie's large stream of pee and rapidly growing puddle.

Jennie felt her bladder finally empty and she pushed what little she had left out through her pants which were now soaked to the point of translucence. Two or three last squirts of urine and she was done her pussy lips plainly visible through the fabric.

"That was incredible." Brad said breathless masturbating furiously.

"Let me take care of that." Jennie bent over and took his cock into her mouth closing her lips around the base of his shaft and sliding up the length of it. She crouched in front of him to get more comfortable while she sucked him off, he moaned loudly and she could see him close his eyes as she pleasured him with her mouth and tongue. She teased the head before taking him all the way down and up again, wrapping one hand around his shaft she also stroked him while she sucked his large member driving him to the edge of ecstasy.

"Oh god I think I'm going to come."

"Not in my mouth you aren't." she let him fall out of her mouth and stood up to take of her pants. Nude, she straddled him so that he could lick her pussy.

"Lick the piss of my cunt, do a good job and I'll fuck you silly." She demanded testing him. He obeyed leaning in and licking her pussy lips and tonguing her clit driving her wild with desire. He moved from her pussy to her thighs and back again sometimes tongue-fucking her and sucking her clit to hardness. A minute or two of that and she had to have him inside her, she pushed his head back and straddled his cock pressing the head against her folds for a second or two before sliding it deep inside her.

The two lovers sucked in their breaths simultaneously as she took him all the way to the hilt, he felt better than he looked. Pussy wet from love juice, saliva and urine she had no difficulty accepting his large tool and she rode him slowly at first gaining rhythm with each stroke and moaning loudly each time their waists came together in a loud smack. He was holding onto her hips and gripping her ass tightly, she grabbed his hair and held on tightly as she fucked him on the bench riding him harder and faster with each stroke.

"Oh my god, I can't take it anymore! I'm going to come!" she yelled out loud as she came in an explosive orgasm.

"Me too!" Brad shouted as he shot load after load of hot jizz into her pussy. Their orgasms seemed to last forever as wave after wave of their passion rode over them before they finally slumped on top of each other on the bench spent and covered in sweat.

"You folks going to get on or not?" the bus driver shouted at them from the bus. The doors were wide open and every passenger on the bus was watching them through the windows. They had never even heard the bus pull up.

"Oh shit! Yes I need to get on!" Jennie shouted at the driver.

"Well get your clothes back on, I'll wait but hurry up." He smiled at her shaking his head.

"Uh this isn't my bus." Brad said disappointed. He continued to clamber back into his jeans. Jennie had just put on her top and grabbed her pants holding up and looking at the pee soaked fabric.

"Shit, I can't wear these."

"Here." Brad handed her a pair of shorts from his backpack. They were clearly swim trunks that would fit most be they male or female. Jennie kissed him and hurriedly wrote down her number.

"Can you read this?" she asked as she climbed into the shorts.

"Yeah."

"Hurry up I have to go." The bus driver shouted from the open door of the bus, most of the passengers had turned back to whatever they had been doing when the bus originally pulled up.

"Call me please! Thank you!" She ran up the stairs and gave the driver her ticket.

"Thank you! I will!"

Jennie turned towards the crowd embarrassed that she had been caught having sex with a total stranger by a busload of people. Everyone applauded her as she moved towards her seat and she stopped to give a half curtsey before sitting down. At least she had put on a good show.
