This is a story I have taken, with permission, from a Scottish lady known as shygirl69. It is a work of fiction based on her very true events!! I have told it in the first person as if it was sally from my earlier stories. Lucy is the real friend of shy girl!! I hope you enjoy it!!!
It all started when a friend and I had to fly from Scotland to London for work. We were running late leaving the office to catch the plane. I had said to Lucy that I was bursting for the loo, and she said that she needed to go too, but she said the taxi was waiting and there was no time because we were running late so we had to leave now! I'm good at holding it in so I thought – what the hell. Anyway by the time we make it to the airport we were both jigging a bit, but we knew we were running kind of late. Then, when we entered the airport we had to queue for ages to get through all the freaking security checks. Talk about overkill, we had to wait for ages, it took about 5 minutes to check each person's hand luggage, by the time we had waited in line, then got through ourselves I was really needing to pee again (it comes and goes in waves with me) After we get through security, we checked our boarding card, and looked at what gate we were to leave from, we then realised that we have to walk about a mile to the gate and had 5 minutes until it closed! We made it just in time for boarding and Luce says in her dulcet Glaswegian tones "Hey doll. Ma back teeth are floating, we'll need to have a pish on the plane." The check in staff glared at her, and it was kind of embarrassing, but I have to admit I agreed with her, it had been over an hour and a half since first admitting being bursting, and it wasn't really funny any more!
Anyway, we get all settled on the plane and resign ourselves that we have to wait until it's flying before we can pee. We had the seats at the back of the plane all to ourselves so at least we could have a little bit of privacy in our dilemma, and we would be first in the toilet when the seatbelt signs flicked off! So we sat there for about 15 minutes, and the plane was still on the runway. By this time it's been almost an hour and three quarters since we left the office and I'm getting that pleasure/pain thing when I hold the pee in – like if I clench my thighs I get a wee mini–orgasm. So, I'm coping with the wait and it looks like Luce is too. She has her eyes shut, and her legs pressed together tightly, but she looks ok! Then, without warning the announcement system bursts into life, they announce there's a small technical problem, and that the take off will be delayed by approximately half an hour BUT we can't get off the plane!!! Lucy's eyes suddenly open and we look at each other in a slight panic. "I really need to piss," Lucy says to me through clenched teeth, "they can't be serious, I knew we wouldn't be able to go until we were airborne, and I could just about wait that long, the last ten minutes has hurt me, and now I have to wait another half a fucking hour!!! I don't think I can do it Sal." With that she reached up and pressed the button to call for assistance. A stewardess approached her, looking very disinterested, almost like she had better things to worry about, she leaned over me to Lucy and said, "Can I help you, Miss?" "Mmmmm, yeah," said Lucy "Look, I know it is policy for the toilet not to be used until the plane is in the air, but I need to go badly, is it possible for me to go now during this delay please?"
"Oh I'm sorry," said the stewardess without a second thought, "the lavatory on this craft is out of order, don't worry though it is only a small delay, and the flight will only be about an hour and a half." "No, Oh my God, no," replies Luce, "Its illegal, its fucking illegal, you have to have a toilet, I will fucking sue you, I need a piss, what can I do?!" The stewardess just glares at her "I am sorry young lady, there really is no need for that language, if you speak to me like that again, I will have you arrested and banned from using this airline again. It is not illegal to not have a toilet on board a flight which only takes an hour and a half, even a one year old can hold their urine for that long!" With that she turned and walked away! "Oh Jesus Sal, what a bitch" Lucy said to me. "I canna fucking believe this, I don't know if I can make it!" The news had caused me a new wave of desperation too, and I pressed my hand into my crotch to provide a bit of extra control. "What else can we do Luce, we're gonna have to hold it, c'mon babe we'll do this together, it's gonna hurt but we'll be there in an hour and a half, we can do this!"
AN HOUR LATER!!!! We finally take off. By this time Lucy and I are bouncing, my panic is building and Luce's teeth have dislodged, as the plane takes off we know we are on the home stretch, but it is going to be a close run thing, I look over to Lucy, and she is obviously beside herself with desperation. I feel guilty, but I am so, so desperate for a wee, worse than I have been for a long time, and I know that I will have to pee first or it will be too late, I couldn't stand outside and listen to Lucy go, it was going to be a mad desperate scramble when we landed!
As we are approaching London we have both lost the power of speech and have been reduced to humming as we rock back and forth – holding ourselves when no one is looking! I kept letting out little moans as I kneaded at my pussy, I just had to wait another few minutes, and I would finally be able to pee! You are not gonna believe me when I tell you we were delayed on the tarmac to get a slot to disembark because we were delayed and 'missed our window.'
(Shara's note: OH yes I sure do, have waited at Heathrow at least twice because of the same problem– this is absolutely true!)
I could have cried when I heard this, at this point I'd have pissed out the window if it'd open! "NO," cried Lucy, "please, please, please, hurry, I need a pee, I canna wait, I'm bursting, I need a wee, I gotta go, I'm dying here!" I couldn't say anything to console her, I was too desperate myself; this was getting beyond a joke. The plane finally started its descent, and as it hit the tarmac it sent a jolt through my bladder, it had to press so hard between my legs it actually hurt, but I managed to stop a leak, I wasn't so confident about Lucy though, she let out a horrible squeal and went into a mantra of "I need to piss." I couldn't even bring myself to look, had she lost control?
As soon as the plane starts to taxi in we undo our seatbelts and stand, but we were at the back of the plane, because we wanted to be near the toilet!!! We tried to rush down the aisle, but now everyone was standing and blocking it! Oh God, it was hell. I was in front of Lucy, and I was absolutely bent double with my hands pressing hard into my crotch, I was in a right state, all I could hear from behind me was Lucy crying, "hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, O god please hurry, I gotta piss, please hurry!" I knew what she was feeling, but I had to think about myself, I really wasn't sure I could make it! It felt like an eternity waiting in that aisle, but was actually only about 5 minutes. FINALLY we get out the plane and sprint in a thigh–clenched manner to the loos in the baggage hall. Oh God it was gonna be close. I was in front of Lucy and this was vital. I was moving as fast as I could, knocking people out of the way, I could see the sign to the ladies'. I as in agony, then there it was, salvation, I was going to make it!! I ran to the door and saw a notice scribbled in red felt tip! I almost died! FECKIN OUT OF ORDER!!! At this point I started to almost cry and Luce actually did. How could this be happening? Why were all the toilets out of order? I looked around frantically, not knowing where the nearest ladies' was, I looked at Lucy, and she had a definite wet patch. Bastards, she screamed and started to head off. Luce had seen the sign for the next loos, and thankfully they weren't far. We just dropped our bags and did a whole sprint clench weird run to the next loo!
I actually thought I was going to die; my body needed to stop this torture. I couldn't believe I had held on for so long. Lucy was ahead of me now, and she was a state. She was in hysterics, tears flowing down her face, a visible, and growing wet spot. ""Please someone, let me piss," she shouted to no one in particular We could see the toilet door, this one had to be open, if it wasn't I knew it was game over, I would have to just let go in my knickers, there is just no way I could wait until the next loo! When we got there, we pushed open the door, and thank God it opened. I almost cried with relief, I was going to be able to pee. THEN, I shit you not; there were 2 cubicles and 20 women!!!!
I really thought I was gonna die. No amount of clenching was helping, we joined the queue, but there was no way we were gonna be able to wait!! What the hell was I going to do? I surveyed the scene, there was a wide mixture of age groups, but not many of the girls looked totally desperate. There was a girl at the front of the queue holding herself, rocking back and forth, and shouting for people to hurry, and there were two girls, who looked about 19 about 6 women in front of us, who looked desperate too, but apart from that, there were just women waiting to pee. We heard a toilet flush, and saw the girl at the front dash into it, her stream screamed into the pan as she cried in ecstasy, "oh yes, god yeah that feels good, Oh Man, I needed that, mmmmmmmm, I thought I would never be able to do this I waited sooooo long, ahhhh" Her stream blasted on for about a minute and a half, she must have been desperate, but it was killing me!! Two other women went whilst she was in there, but this queue was not moving fast enough. I was light–headed and KNEW it was just gonna happen any second! Then Luce looked at me in sheer horror and said "Oh shit it's comin!" As soon as she said that I felt myself go a wee bit and just freaked! I was pissing my knickers! "Oh shit, me too babe, I'm pissing myself!!! At that moment I saw the cubicle door open and the now very flush and relieved looking girl come out. The next woman in line started to head for it and Lucy just ran like a maniac while screaming "Sorry ladies I'm pissin my f*ckin pants here! MOVE!!!!" She actually yanked the woman out the way and ran in the cubicle!!! She was in a mess, and had been at the end of her tether, and her stream was even longer than the girl before her!! The women outside were furious though, and I was at my wits end! Another spurt escaped into my knickers, as I listened to Lucy's relief. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, fucking yesssss," she cried, "I'm sorry ladies, I had to do this, fuck it feels good!!" The woman she threw out of the way was now in the next cubicle, and the two desperate looking ladies were now next in line! I was in a mess, and there were still 7 women in front of me, I was peeing a little spurt about every 15 seconds, and it was getting worse, I was in agony! I could feel the wetness against my pussy as my cotton knickers were sticking to it. Lucy came out, and I sensed my opportunity, I could see the loo. "Fuck this" I screamed, "I'm next", and I ran for the cubicle "I am pissing my knickers, I have to go NOW" The young desperate looking woman saw me coming though. "Fuck you" she said, pushing me backwards. "I am absolutely bursting here, and I have been waiting longer than you and your pissy little friend here, I need a piss and it is my turn!" With this she turned and slammed the cubicle door shut, bolting it in my face!! "AHHHHHHHHHH" I screamed, "You bitch, I am soaked, I am desperate, I need a piss, and I'm pissing my fucking knickers!" Her friend was adamant that she was going next too, there was no way she was giving up her place in line, but the other ladies agreed to let me go in straight after her! I wasn't sure I could wait that long, I was losing all control, and as the next cubicle became available and she ran in I let go a 5 second spurt, my body was so close to just releasing!!! I ran up to the first woman's door and starting to bang on it, "Hurry, please hurry, I am pissing my knickers out here," then I heard the toilet flush, this caused another spurt, and then finally the door opened. The girl stood and blocked my path for a moment, "Impatient bitch" she sneered, as she stepped aside.
I hobbled into the cubicle, and couldn't even bear to let go of my pussy to lock the door. I almost ripped my now sodden clothes off and threw myself onto the loo, wedging my foot against it as I did! I pissed like a racehorse for what seemed like an age while shouting "Thank you ladies – sweet Jesus what a relief!" and what a feeling it was! I ooohed and aaahed my way through the longest pee of my life! I swear I have never felt as good as I did at that moment!! My knickers were soaked an there was no way I could put them back on, so I had to remove them and toss them into the sanitary bin. I had a visible wet patch on my jeans, but it was nothing to what it could have been!
When I came out I just bowed and they all clapped and I said "I'm so sorry ladies but we have been holding that in for 4 and a half hours all the way from Scotland!" we were beyond embarrassed and just over the moon that it was finally over with!
By: Martin C.