Prince Kadrid stood at the silk–draped doorway to his royal harem, smiling at the sight of almost two dozen women from around the world, dressed in sheer dresses and skirts, lounging in the gorgeous rooms in the tropical sunlight. Holding back the silks, he entered, pulling behind him the new visitor to the palace, Darren, a tall, muscular man with a dark tan and short hair. Darren was a distinguished quest, and therefore was to have a pair of women for the night. Darren gaped at all of the women, and slowly walked around the rooms to find the ones he liked best. Finally, Darren pointed at two slender, tall women who were among a group talking softly together on the patio, sipping at tall pink lemonades. Cara and Lily stood reluctantly and strolled seductively over to Darren and Kadrid to be examined. Darren liked what he saw. Cara was from the Pacific islands, and had a deep tan and long, smooth brown hair, along with shapely legs and medium sized breasts. Lily was Mediterranean, and she was not as dark as Cara, and had shorter, curly brown hair, as well as small breasts and gorgeous eyes. Nodding to Kadrid, Darren touched his knuckles gently to Cara and Lily's belly buttons, indicating that these were his choices. Kadrid nodded back and led them to a smaller room containing a large bed and a couple of comfortable chairs, and then left them. Darren grinned at the women, and after removing his shirt and lying in the center of the comfortable bed, he spoke to Cara and Lily in a soft accent.
"Cara, Lily, are you ready?"
After exchanging glances with her friend, Cara spoke to him, gesturing at the small bathroom door across the bedroom. "Please, sir, may we be permitted to take care of something first?"
Darren smiled, and asked them if they were desperate. Lily said quietly that they were not yet, but soon they would be from all of the lemonade they had drunk. "Then no" said Darren to them, causing them to raise their eyes at each other, but they shrugged, figuring they would be allowed to go later. "Now, Cara, Lily, I would like you to touch each other."
The women looked at each other in surprise, hesitating. Although they had often been chosen together, they had never made love to each other before. When Darren flicked his hands impatiently at the pair, Cara reached out tentatively and stroked Lily's hair. Darren frowned slightly, and then understood.
"You two have never done this kind of thing before, have you?" Cara and Lily shook their heads, making Darren grin with delight. "Well, then, I guess I'll have to teach you! May I ask your names, ladies?"
After receiving them, Darren began. He told the women to embrace, then to touch each other as if they were making love to a man. Working slowly, he finally told them to kiss. Cara and Lily looked into each other's eyes, and kissed for a long time. When at last Cara looked up at her best friend with wonder in her eyes, she knew that Lily felt the same as she did: aroused.
Oblivious to Darren, the women kissed again, delighting in this new discovery, when suddenly Lily pulled back and pressed her legs together with a small gasp. "Darren, sir," she asked, "Please may I be excused for a moment?"
This was the moment Darren had been waiting for. Carefully, he tilted his head back and looked at the women. "Cara, touch her."
Cara looked surprised, but reached out and gently ran her fingertips over Lily's breasts. Lily gasped again, crossing her legs together. Darren licked his lips. "Cara, I think Lily needs some help with a little problem she's got. Why don't you help her out? Help your friend hold herself, Cara." Cara looked at Darren with wide eyes. She was surprised at his request, but she was even more surprised to find that she wanted to do it. Slowly, as Lily stood with her legs crossed together, Cara moved close to Lily and pressed her hand between Cara's legs. Lily moaned with the effort of trying to hold her bladder, and with pleasure at feeling the soft warmth of Cara's hand between her legs. The women pressed closer together, Cara's thigh between Lily's legs, kissing and feeling their breasts slide against each other. From the bed, Darren's heart pounded as he slowly uncrossed his legs, which were firmly jammed together, and called out to Lily, drawing their attention.
"I think I understand your problem, Lily. Why don't I show you the solution." With a smile on his face, Darren started to empty his full bladder into his coarse, beige canvas pants. The splotch of wetness spread slowly at first, gradually gaining speed, until Darren was lying in a pool of warm pee. Darren closed his eyes and lay back on the bed, relishing the warm wetness flow around his crotch, and then slowly sat up to gaze at his women. Cara and Lily were staring at Darren, their lips parted, Lily squeezing her crotch with her hands and jamming it against Cara's leg while staring at Darren's peed pants. Cara licked her lips and whispered hoarsely to him, meeting his eyes. "That is the most erotic thing I have ever witnessed in my entire life here at the harem."
Lily turned to her friend and, gently turning her face towards her, she gave Cara a long, deep kiss. With her mouth over Cara's, Lily pulled her other hand free of her crotch and pressed her crotch into Cara's thigh. And then she let go. Warm pee gushed out of Lily, running over their legs and forming a pool around their feet as they kissed even more urgently. Darren, rising from the bed and stripping off his soaked pants, crossed to the women and picked them both up together, pressing their dripping bodies to his own. Darren set the women gently down on the bed and sat; spurting small bursts of remaining pee into the pillows, stroking himself madly as Cara and Lily touched each other with wild passion. Cara stroked Lily's sopping pussy, massaging her clit wildly until Lily came, arching her back into the soft, wet bed and pressing her breasts into Cara. Then Lily put her fingers inside Cara, rubbing her clit as Cara peed all over their hands and the bed. As Cara gasped for air and reached her climax, Darren came, the orgasm coursing through his body like a tsunami. And then it was still. All three lay on the bed, limbs entangled, soaked with pee, sweat, and cum, with a big smile on each one of their faces.
Hello fellow Wet–lovers! I am female and would be thrilled to have an Internet Pen pal– of either sex. Please email me at: shadowandflame@canada.com. You can look forward to reading Tropical Rain – Chapter Two: Cloudy Dreams. Until then, may your fantasies be warm and wet!
ShadowAndFlame