Penn-Tran. Part 3. Where no woman has gone before

Posted by Tinker, November 1997

With a sigh, Beverly turned towards the mirror. Legs! Just legs, and nothing else. The rest of the dress was tight, but comparable to the sweaters and jump suits she was used to wear. But it was short, far too short to be called a dress. Even Troi's uniform dress was longer, not much, but still. Beverly raised her hands above her head and to her horror saw her panties peeking out from under the hem. "Deanna, this is ridiculous. We won't be able to do anything decently in these dresses." Troi came out of the living room, dressed in the same type of outfit. "Don't bother! It's just a uniform, and every woman in Starfleet wears it! Your panties just are not underwear any more. Consider them plain pants, shorts so to say. Personally I like the idea. Besides, you look absolutely stunning. You have great legs, and those boots fit you very well."

Beverly was flattered, in a way. "Thanks, Deanna. You look great, too. Still, would these uniforms contribute to breaking down traditional role patterns of male and female? I doubt it." Troi shrugged: "Maybe it decreased the tension between sexes, since men now did not have to sneak out to see legs. We might learn it tomorrow." She threw her long hair over her shoulder and parted her legs. "Anyway, these dresses are great for overflowing. I need to keep my panties covered, of course, but that should be a matter of practice." Beverly swallowed and looked into the mirror again. Okay, she looked great. Secretly, she would like to appear in front of Jean-Luc this way, casually walking by. But no, she had not even half the stamina required for that.

"Hello ladies. On the way to a party?" Beverly turned beet-red while commander Riker and captain Picard crossed their way to the transporter room. "Hi Will... Jean-Luc... eh no... this is... strictly work. A research trip back into time... we have to look the part." Deanna was a whole lot more at ease: "Will, don't you think that fashion was a bit more daring those days?" she asked, and twirled around. Will smiled from ear to ear, while Picard seemed as embarrassed as Crusher: "Well, eh... indeed... are you sure these uniforms are correct?"

"Yes we are," Deanna replied. "We double checked it several times," Beverly added, more to defend herself than for anything else. Riker made a bow and gestured the women towards the transporter room: "This way, ladies. Mission awaits." Giggling, Deanna stepped forward, quickly followed by Beverly who tried to take only very small steps.

"He really was aroused by your appearance," Deanna whispered into Beverly's ear while waiting on the transporter pad. "I could sense it. Even stronger than Will's reaction to me." Beverly swallowed and tried not to think about her bare legs. Waiting on the pads with their legs firmly spread for balance, she prayed that the technician would hurry. Finally the world started to fade and they were hurled back in time.

"Welcome aboard, welcome. It pleases me to have such an exquisite selection of fine doctors aboard. Please feel yourself at home, we'll try to make your stay as comfortable as we can." Dr. McCoy seemed truly happy to have his sick bay invaded by strangers, Crusher noticed. Well, everything was good to break up a boring mission, of course. She and Deanna got off the transporter and joined the rest of the group. They really blended in well, Beverly had found out much to her relief. Not only in outfit, but also in age and habits. Doctors stayed doctors, even through centuries. It made it a lot less stressful. Soon, they had been taken to their own private quarters and were assigned a small laboratory, and practically given complete freedom to do anything at all. Couldn't have been better.

Deanna immediately started rigging their tricorders: "First we're looking for obvious signs, such as wet panties and surging endorphines. Here is your tricorder, it's already programmed. They wear them on straps, I noticed. Like this." She put the strap over her shoulder and guided it right between her breasts. "A bit challenging, but funny." Beverly desperately tried to pull down her dress a bit more, but had no success. "Forget it, Beverly. You'll show panties, so what? Everybody does." They left their room and soon browsed over the ship, looking for evidence. Troi also tried to sense as much of the crew's minds as she could.

After two hours, they still had not found anything. "Are you sure these tricorders function correctly," Beverly asked. "I don't know," Troi replied, "but it would be very simple to test them. I suppose it is time for yourself to find out how nice it is." Beverly blushed, again. "Deanna, please. I just cannot wet myself here, let alone in this dress."

"Why not? I can! Please Beverly, don't spoil it. We need the readouts to calibrate for humans, anyway. Just come back to our quarters and have a go. It will be over in five minutes." Reluctantly, Beverly followed Deanna back to their room. "Okay then, for science."

With her legs widely apart and her bladder nearly bursting, Beverly did not at all feel at ease, despite Troi's efforts to let her relax. "Just go, Beverly. It cannot be that hard. Just wee like you always do. The first spurt is the hard part, I assume. After that, you'll be wet, and it does not matter any more." Easy talk she had, Crusher thought. Troi was used to getting wet since childhood. But it could not be hard, she was right. Just wee. But why, then, did she have so much trouble with it?

"It's my pose, Deanna. I would like to stand a little less conspicuous. I can open my legs later, when I have passed the first hurdle." Troi nodded: "Might be. Okay, just walk around. When you feel like going, just go. These uniform panties can take quite a lot before they start to leak. They're quite absorbing." Beverly walked over to the little window and looked at the planet below. She had to pee like hell, and looked forward to having that relieved. Time after time, she tried to wee in her panties, but something was in the way. "It won't work, Deanna. I just can't."

At that moment, Crusher's tricorder beeped. "No, that's not me," Beverly said, and looked at the machine. "Thirty meters east, one floor down. Fully correlated readings. A real one." Quickly they went out into the corridor and rushed towards the indicated place. Some personal quarters, a lt. Uhura. "Uhm, I believe this is the female bridge officer," Beverly whispered. Deanna took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Up-front approaches usually seemed the best. After some time, the door opened half way and Uhura peeked out, wearing a dressing gown: "Yes?"

"Mrs. Uhura, we're Troi and Crusher, two doctors from Starbase 42. We are here for medical research. Can you spare us a few minutes?" Uhura seemed confused. "I eh... I was just taking a shower. Can you come back in half an hour?"

"Of course we can," Deanna answered. Quickly Uhura closed the door. "Bingo!" Troi said to Crusher. "This woman was as aroused as they come, and I bet she wore her normal uniform under that gown. What do your readings say?" Beverly nodded: "Everything fits: increased warmth on abdomen skin, raised endorphines, empty bladder. I noticed she was perspiring and her respiration rate was above average. She definitely has just wet herself on purpose."

Suddenly, Beverly felt a spasm in her own belly. Oh jesus, yes. Troi grabbed her arm: "Beverly, do it now! You surprised yourself, take advantage of it! Now, Beverly!" Beverly gasped, and with great mental strength, kept herself from clenching her thighs. Slowly, very slowly, she felt it coming. Troi sensed it: "Yes Beverly, good! Come on! Do it!" And then she did it. With her eyes tightly closed and clenched fists, Beverly Crusher weed in her uniform dress. Immediately her own tricorder beeped again and started recording. Still standing in the corridor, Troi held Beverly's hands while her friend wet her panties. It did not take long, at most five seconds.

Then, Beverly opened her eyes and hissed to Troi: "Dammit, back to our quarters. I'm soaking wet under my dress and it shows." Troi smiled: "No Beverly, it does not show at all. Not at all. Just come with me, to a place where you can complete it." Despite her predicament, Beverly had accumulated enough adrenaline and endorphines to just nod. Carefully not to take too big steps, she followed Troi around the corner. Several men approached them and Beverly would have given an arm to be transported out right away. But no. And the men passed them by without even looking. Slowly, Beverly realized that Troi was right; nothing could be seen. Her paces steadied and she loosened many of her cramped muscles, until even Troi could not see anything special about her any more. "You see, it is not at all that troublesome," Deanna told her. Beverly mumbled something.

At the next corridor crossing, Beverly saw a row of viewports and walked towards them. They now looked out over one of the ship's shuttle bays. "Deanna, please wait here for a moment," Beverly asked as she put her hands onto the railing. She took a breath and concentrated. Quickly, it came again. Even Troi was speechless when Beverly's tricorder went mad and Beverly started to pant slightly. She even opened her legs a bit. Her matching blue panties did what they could, but in the end they had to give up. With her knuckles whitening, Beverly heard something drip down between her boots.

"Nobody in sight," Deanna whispered. "Go on." Beverly moaned and let it all go. After a short hiss, an irregular stream clattered down between her feet and Beverly felt a wonderful sensation of freedom, pleasure, naughtiness, and other powerful emotions. She really caught up on months of boredom and loneliness while all her bottom skin got caressed by that warm, cosy feeling which pulsed through the tight, soppy fabric of her panties. Beverly suddenly really liked the little dress she was wearing. Troi looked around and produced a microtransporter. She aimed between Beverly's parted feet and vacuumed the puddle that was developing. Fortunately it did not take long, and within a minute they were on their way again. Beverly could not really speak. "That was brave, Beverly. I was heading for the arboretum, with grass and sand, but this was way better. How do you feel now? Don't tell me, I can sense it. Just relax. Here, we go right."

Back in their room, Beverly spent some time in front of the mirror. Unbelievable but true, nothing showed, nothing at all. The dress was so short that raising an eyebrow revealed panties, stained panties, but just walking and standing was absolutely safe. Deanna was sitting down and looked at her friend. Her whole emotional pattern had changed, it was so serene now, so peaceful. Crusher turned around and just sighed: "Thank you." Then she headed for the bathroom and closed the door. Troi imagined how Beverly now pulled up her dress. Yes, she had weed in her panties. Deanna pulled up her knees and looked between her own thighs. Dry. Her tricorder revealed at least one more hour before she entered the danger zone. Good. Wetting was nice, but it should not be a real accident. Well, maybe a small one.

Lt. Uhura this time was much more at ease. "Please come in, ladies. Do you want a cup of tea?"

"Yes, please," Crusher nodded. They sat down on the couch, as Uhura produced some cups and a pot of piping hot camomile tea. Deanna noticed that Uhura seemed to like sitting with her legs crossed, unlike herself. Everybody her own style. Beverly had no style yet, just restlessness. "We're here to investigate crew's responses to prolonged missions without a partner," Deanna bluntly opened the conversation. "It is well-known that continuous building up of stress eventually must lead to a release, and since shore leave often comes not even remotely close to traditional shore leave any more, we now assess the various methods and techniques used by professional, experienced crewmen and women to get relief."

Beverly nodded: "Of course, this conversation will be strictly confidential. We consider all answers private matter, and please be assured that we cannot easily be surprised. We have seen a lot of things already. And I mean a lot!" Uhura blinked and unsurely looked from Troi to Crusher and back. "What do you mean, methods and techniques?" Deanna smiled and counted on her fingers: "Well, besides playing with yourself in bed, we mean things like excessive sports, getting drunk, fighting, sleeping around, scolding the food... you know."

Beverly had to turn aside and fake a cough to mask out her uncontrollable laughter. Troi could be so unbelievably direct that it became almost shabby. Uhura was shocked, but controlled herself far better than Beverly: "Excuse me? You are doctors?" Deanna nodded: "Seriously, we are. Our research is quite unusual, we know, but it is necessary to maintain crew's well-being on long missions. Until now we just looked after the physical environment, but it is becoming clear that the mental health of starship crew is at least as important." Uhura tilted her head to the right and said nothing.

Beverly continued: "A first move was made when the service introduced the current female uniforms. What we all three wear now. What do you think of them?" Uhura blinked and looked down at the hem of her red dress, high up her crossed thighs. "What I think of my uniform? Well, it is both comfortable and practical, I would say. I like wearing it." She put her right hand on her hip and slid it down her dress. Beverly leaned a bit forward and asked Uhura, with a tone in her voice that was mischievously women-among-each-other, "Isn't it also a bit... short?"

Uhura threw her head backwards and her laugh sparkled through the room: "Yes of course it is short, I don't believe we could wear it any bit shorter! Even now, `dress' is not really the correct word for this uniform. Why?" Beverly envied the ease with which Uhura maintained her dignity and wished that she herself could behave so freely with her legs fully on display. She remembered her first reaction to this type of dress and decided to inquire about her interviewee's experiences. "Well, when this dress was introduced, how did you feel? How did your colleagues feel?"

Uhura now smiled: "Well, when I first had to put this dress on, I was shocked. We all were. I did not dare to leave the fitting room and called out for another dress, thinking there had been a mistake. But no. We stood in front of a mirror for ages, trying to pull down the hem, but clearly the tailors had not intended to view panties as underwear any longer. Only later, on a second fitting session, we were issued regular matching uniform panties, mind you. But then we also received these boots." Uhura stretched one of her shapely legs out forward. "Some of us really complained about them, they are quite an accent. This dress and these boots emphasize our legs in such a way that we all felt completely on display."

Beverly nodded. "Did you eventually adapt to these feelings?"

"Oh yes, naturally. After the initial struggle to get out into the open, it became a great outfit. It is comfortable yet practical, and it gives me a sense of power, to wear this while still being third in command on the ship. It might seem contradictory, but I feel that this exposing, challenging outfit increases the respect for me. And all of us women."

Beverly scratched her head. This was a new angle. Unconsciously she straightened her back a little and crossed her legs, showing more thigh instead of less. Deanna took over: "That was the intension of the decision to issue this outfit, to have an influence on the whole crew's mental state. So you think it worked?" Uhura took a sip of her tea and thought about this question for a while. "Mmmm... it had an influence alright. In the beginning I was constantly whistled at. Nobody ever tried anything, but still. But after a few weeks, when every female regularly wore this outfit, something definitely changed aboard. The tension between sexes decreased, so to say. It became more natural to treat each other like equals, yet with different backgrounds. Some of us had expected to get harassed when left alone with men, but the opposite happened. We gained respect. Maybe, the men were sorta bribed with legs and left us alone."

Troi nodded: "This was the intended effect indeed. But after careful observations, we now think that these dresses have caused a side effect on some crew. Their particular tailoring seems to offer a unique opportunity for some innocent, yet exciting little games. I don't mean intentional panty flashing, that was foreseen from the beginning. No, it's more like active opposition of accepted behaviour. We found that despite the minimum cover these dresses offer, an increasing amount of women seems to be taking risks and plays daring games with their uniform." Uhura lifted an eyebrow and looked puzzled at Troi. "Games?"

"Yup. And since these games clearly take place mostly on ships out for long missions, we hypothesized that they might be a natural reaction of crew, especially female crew, to keep emotionally in balance. And in that case, we want to know more about it, since we might be able to create some kind of therapy out of it." Beverly concentrated on her tea to cover up how funny it was to hear Deanna turn everything upside down so easily.

Uhura now got interested: "Well, I'm getting curious. What are these little games you talk about?" Troi looked aside, so Beverly quickly swallowed her tea and continued in her most professional voice: "We do not know exactly yet, but we know what they lead to. Since the introduction of this style of dress, there has been a significant increase in reports mentioning cases of women having incontinence problems. At first we thought about bladder infections due to catching cold. But careful examination of the reports showed that in almost all cases, the women had been sent to sick bay for a checkup after having had an accident. I repeat, there were all sent, they never just dropped by to complain. And the great majority of cases never turned up any medical reason for these women to have any incontinence problem in the first place."

Troi went on: "After some debate, we decided that we have to face the possibility that some women just wet their panties on purpose. Although being discovered probably always was by accident, we assume that they were fully aware of the state of their panties, and that they kept wearing them fully consciously. It was just bad luck for them to be caught. And this would imply that the actual number of women into this game, the number not accidentally caught, might be considerably higher."

Uhura took a sip from her tea, considered the theory's exposition, pondered alternative explanations, and eventually shrugged: "The whole story seems to me a rather wild hypothesis. But technically, I agree that it could be possible, yes. These dresses are just long enough to keep your panties out of sight when standing or sitting down, and all starship service furniture is unupholstered. You should be able to get away with wet knickers with a little care. However, that is not true for the act itself. Forgive me my words, but our uniform panties are not nearly thick and firm enough to catch a wee. They will leak through very soon." Deanna coughed as she swallowed the question "How do you know that?" Instead, she asked: "Have you ever noticed something supporting this theory aboard this vessel?"

Uhura put down her tea. "This is strictly confidential, isn't it?" Beverly nodded: "Yes, absolutely."

"Well then, yes I have. I know two female crewmen, one an officer, one a nurse, both of which I have seen with wet underwear. I did not send them to sick bay though, I assumed that they had had an accident and were on their way to their quarters to change. In fact I did not even tell them anything."

"Under what circumstances did you spot them?" Beverly asked. "Now you mention it," Uhura replied, "in both cases, something unexpected had happened and they were scrambled to emergency stations on red alert during their off-duty time. One of them tumbled over on the bridge when we got hit pretty hard and when I came to myself, she was still lying down with her panties exposed. She was quick to close her legs and stand up, but I had seen a clear stain in her underwear. The other woman was busy caring for a patient in sick bay while I was brought in on a stretcher, having injured my leg. She just bent over slightly while I was carried by at thigh level, and her whole bottom appeared to be dark and wet. As soon as the emergencies were over, both women disappeared and returned a few minutes later, probably after having changed."

Uhura rose and walked over to the window while pulling her dress down in a reflex. "In both cases I looked for signs of a puddle, but nope. So they did not have an accident on the spot, it must have happened earlier, in their quarters. Not likely that they had a true accident there. Besides, the stains were huge, certainly not from just a few drops. I still don't know if they actually had wet themselves, either intentionally or by accident, or that they just had used water for fun." Uhura looked out of the window to the planet below and paused for a few seconds.

"Now I realize all this, and after what you've told me, the very idea of going to the toilet in your pretty uniform to work off one's emotions and stress seems not that unlikely any more." She paused again, searching for words. "Of course a uniform, and certainly a uniform like ours, has something untouchable, something spotless. It is part of our image. The service has always made a point of having us wear pretty, clean, neat uniforms. I can understand that people sometimes want to counter that image and, well, wearing a wet outfit seems as good a way to do that as anything else."

She turned away from the window and strolled to a cabinet with some old African artifacts on the shelves and a very modern glass vase on top. "I want to tell you another thing I once experienced, because it might add something relevant. When I was down on a planet with an away team, surveying some natural radiation sources, we got split up pretty widely and got posted at specific points with a communicator, packed lunch, and a tricorder. We had to call in every twenty minutes but no visits were planned.

Nonetheless I decided to check out all posts, mostly because it gave me something to do, being in command is sometimes outright boring! When I approached the third post, I saw the woman from far away, because her red dress contrasted well with the green forest line she was standing close to. I had to go through a dry river bed to reach her, and when I came out, I was nearly on top of her. She was standing with her back turned towards me and had no idea I was there. I know her very well, she's a colleague on the bridge, so I decided to surprise her and hid behind a bush, waiting until she would check in again."

Uhura sat down lightly onto the cabinet, more hanging than sitting, with her legs still stretched and her arms supporting most of her weight. "She had just finished her lunch, and was putting the leftovers in a bag on the low field table. She rummaged a bit in the bag, seemingly to assure herself that everything was there, and then looked at her watch. Four minutes before reporting time, I knew. After a brief moment of hesitation, she tilted her head sideways as if telling to herself: "Why not?" and walked towards the forest edge, which was a bit towards me as well. On the way she grabbed under her dress from behind and picked at her panties. Arrived at the edge, she turned around and looked at the surroundings, probably to assure that she was alone.

Obviously she did not see me. She stood not even ten meters away from me, with her hands on her hips, fingers on the hem of her dress. I saw her breathing. When she seemed sure that nobody was there, she parted her legs in a straddle, looked down to her boots, and remained motionless for a few seconds. Then I heard her say "Yes, here we go," loud and clear, followed by a high shriek of pleasant surprise, as if when you jump into cool water on a hot summer's day. I did not need to see anything more to know exactly what she was doing, it was just too obvious, and I wanted to leave right then. But I was afraid of betraying myself when I moved, so I witnessed her whole show. It was a show, clearly. She even went through her knees when getting well under way, wetting her uniform in the most explicit way imaginable.

When it was over, she literally drip-dried until she had to report, and then walked back to the table with her communicator. I ducked as deep as I could to answer her call, hoping that she would not hear my voice. Fortunately she didn't. During the conversation, she stood with her legs together and I saw her rubbing her left calf with her right boot, apparently to remove a drop running down. When she had closed the connection, she produced a towel to dry her legs. Janice always has been very proud of her legs. She never ever complained about having to wear this uniform, not even in the beginning! Then, she drank down a good deal of her supply of fresh water and even before she was finished, she spread her legs again to do more in her uniform. I silently made my way out through the river bed and did not visit her again that day, but I am pretty sure she has been wetting all the time."

Troi and Beverly had been silent during her whole story, but now they just exploded with questions and almost got into a fight over who could pose the first one. Uhura smiled and pushed herself up from the cabinet, walking back to the window. Deanna was the first to produce a coherent comment: "But this might be the evidence we're looking for! And what's more, we now have some indications that it is not only the wet panties that seem to attract some women, but also the act of wetting itself! Until now, that was only a wild guess." Beverly followed up: "Miss Uhura, do you have any estimate how many women aboard the Enterprise alone could be into this?"

"I can only assume that more women do it, but obviously I don't see everybody here. And then, I'm pretty sure that most women would only dare to wet in their private quarters, never on duty." Uhura turned and leaned against the wall, with one leg pulled up a bit. "For myself, I do both." Beverly almost dropped her cup of tea.

Troi, on the other hand, was delighted: "Great! This means that we now can have first-hand information as well!" Uhura smiled and continued, now much more confidently: "You're right that it only gets attractive on long missions. When boredom sets in and you start to sleep uneasily, well, we're all professional Starfleet career women so you know what I mean, it gets on your mind. I assume most women who do it, once had a true accident and managed to cover up. At least, that's what happened to me."

Beverly drank down her tea, put the cup on the table and asked: "Can you tell us something more about that?" Uhura shrugged: "It was nothing much. I had been on duty for almost eight hours and at the end something happened with the com links. I had been struggling for an hour when the captain assigned me to an away team. Already on the transporter pad I felt I had to go to the toilet pretty bad. Down on the planet we were ambushed and I just released a spurt from fright. I could feel I was wet but prayed nobody would notice, and nobody did indeed. We were thrown into separate cells, only separated by lattice-work. Nowhere to go, but I really had to. I remembered the things I had seen before, including Janice's escapades, and decided to make a secret attempt in my dress when I still could control myself."

Deanna showed interest: "Please, tell us how you did it. It might be interesting material for future generations." Uhura was surprised about this: "How could it be? I just went to the toilet in my panties. After I had decided to do it, I looked around for a proper way. Squatting was out, much too obvious. Standing up would both be obvious and make a lot of noise. So I sat down on the wooden bench, made sure my skirt was not in the way, and relaxed. Actually it was over in no time flat. I remember hearing a muffled dripping sound, but the noise outside the cell block was too loud for anybody else to notice. I stayed wet for a few hours, but when we got out I was pretty confident that nothing would show. I just kept on everything and behaved normally."

Beverly nodded and asked: "When this was your first accidental wetting, how did you proceed? Did you like it the first time?" Uhura changed position and now put her leg on the window-sill. Troi made a mental note to try this herself back at the Enterprise. "Well, yes and no. I did not like the circumstances I was in, but the actual weeing was not to bad. It was a great relief and the sensation was, well, almost pleasant. No, make that definitely pleasant." Troi rose and joined Uhura at the window: "So you tried it out again?"

Uhura sighed: "I did. Not much later, I came back in my quarters after an especially dull duty and wanted to do something exciting. I remembered the pleasant sensation and Janice and..." She hesitated for a while. Deanna put a hand on Uhura's arm and said: "Relax, we know. We all started this way." Startled, Uhura looked towards Deanna, then at Beverly: "You did? Really?" Deanna nodded emphatically: "Yes we did. And after a while it just becomes second nature. Do you use your bathroom for it, or do you go just here on the floor?" Uhura pointed down: "Right here where you stand. I like looking at the stars, seeing myself mirrored in the glass."

Beverly now joined the two at the window, tucking at her dress. "But you also do it when on duty?"

"Not that often, but yes, I like playing with my panties while sitting at my console. Not much, just a spurt. Maybe two. And when my duty is over, or when returning to my quarters after an evening in the recreation room, I usually do some more in the turbolift. But the best are assignments to away teams. We usually have to visit pretty rough places, where a little puddle does not stand out at all." Troi looked at her watch while Beverly continued to question Uhura: "And do you use the same technique as Janice, or...?"

Uhura shrugged: "Depends. I'm not that often completely alone, so the all-out legs-apart road show is not so practical. Most of the time I either sit on my knees or squat down to check something. Or I just go in my panties and hope for the best. Being in a half-dark environment greatly helps as well. In fact, I am constantly on the lookout for an opportunity to wet myself. With this kind of dress, you don't need to think twice. And when I am wet, it usually just keeps going."

Troi looked at her watch again, and asked Beverly to check on her status. To her horror, Beverly discovered that Deanna was already up in the low nineties. Deanna turned towards Uhura: "Miss Uhura, what is your favourite place aboard this vessel to play this game?" Uhura shrugged: "Next best place after outside is the arboretum. Not much, but at least there is true soil there and you don't need to clean up anything."

The arboretum turned out to be more like a greenhouse, hot and humid, but it had a layer of synthetic soil indeed and there were plenty of green somethings. Beverly really thanked somebody for the invention of holodecks. Uhura entered the large, brightly-lit room and showed Deanna and Beverly around. "I always thought this was a waste of precious space, until I felt the soft soil under my boots and the green leaves against my legs, shielding me from view. After that, I became a regular visitor."

She led her two guests towards a little clearing. Troi quickly understood that this was the place they were heading for. "So this is where it happens?" Uhura nodded: "Yup. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one using this place. The irrigation is done by underfloor piping, and still I encounter small puddles here once in a while. Like that one." Troi looked down at a place next to her left boot, and indeed. "Let's see," she said, and took her tricorder. After a quick exchange of looks with Beverly, who just shook her head in disbelief, and a deep breath, she bent her knees to squat down.

Halfway down her squat, Deanna felt her bladders protest. She hesitated for a brief moment, but decided to trust her dress and quickly completed her movement. With her knees a bit open, she calmly aimed her tricorder and pressed the scan button. She gasped as she felt how her panties got hit hard. Everything between her legs got instantly warm. These old-style uniform panties were a lot less absorbent indeed, she noticed, as her wee ran down her cheeks and noisily splattered onto the ground. Taking in the exquisite stimulation of sitting on her haunches in a skimpy uniform dress while heavily going to the toilet in her panties, Deanna tried to get some readings from the first puddle, but quickly her mind became completely distracted by her bodily functions. She dropped the tricorder and looked between her thighs to the glistening stream running over the front of her panties, enjoying. Just enjoying.

Uhura was still explaining some operation details of the arboretum when she heard the irrigation coming on. "Look, the system is going to provide nourishment and water." Beverly bit her lip, not knowing what to do with a colleague wetting her panties not two meters away. Quickly, Uhura discovered the real source of the rustling sound and could not suppress a hysterical outcry of laughter. It took her quite a while to come to herself again: "Now, you fooled me, dear. And I thought I was the subject expert. Look at you, the professional doctor doing research. Ha!" She turned to Beverly: "Your friend seems quite proficient in things she claims not to know much about. Are you?" Beverly plucked at her dress and blushed, unsurely moving her feet. "Mmm. Deanna is eh... different from me, I guess." Uhura raised her eyebrows and stepped back. "Please, don't tell me you never tried it yourself!" Beverly shrugged. Had she? Well, only once, and that was half by accident.

With Deanna still off the world, Uhura nudged Beverly in her side: "Your friend, is she wanted by many men? She looks great, with that long curly hair of hers. Great body, nice legs. Must have a long line waiting for her." Beverly now could nothing but smile. "Actually, she has a problem with men. They line up alright, but she's very picky, and not all men like her particular way of treating them in bed." Uhura's eyes widened: "An undine? Don't tell me she's an undine! I always thought they were just a fantasy made up by women's magazines!"

Beverly blinked a few times, realizing that she had a lot of catching up to do on her literature. Uhura still gazed at Troi, almost in awe now. "Incredible how long she goes on. She fits all descriptions alright. Where is she from?" Beverly decided not to blow their cover by mentioning Betazed, but made a mental note to investigate how long Betazoids had been mingling with known Federation species before being discovered. "She's from somewhere in the Great Greek- Turkey Union, I believe," Crusher told Uhura, and walked to a nearby tree. Uhura gazed over the squatting Betazoid once more, and then followed Beverly.

"But you seem pretty inexperienced yourself, doctor. Don't you think it's about time for some participatory research? You wear everything you need. Actually you could just start right here. I can see the door from here, if somebody enters I'll yell." Beverly indeed felt the tea having a definite effect, and the self-assured appearance of lt. Uhura, a superior officer, made her decision easier. She swallowed and felt her face turn red when she asked: "What pose should I take before I...?" Uhura put her hand on Beverly's arm and said: "Before you what? Just mention it, it will help." Beverly swallowed again and sighed: "Be... before I... before I pee in my uniform..." 

Uhura winked and twirled around: "It does not matter at all, dear. You're free! Just do it. I once did it like this!" She ended up with her back against a tree, her hands above her shoulders. "On Triskelion we got locked against a wall for a while like this. The captain and Chekov right next to me, left and right. I had to go, and I went." Uhura pushed her chest forward and looked mischievously at Beverly. Her red panties peeked out just a bit from under her now tightly stretched dress. Beverly again wondered how somebody in such a powerful position as Uhura could wear such a downright stunning, if not knockout uniform and stay credible at the same time. Uhura took a breath and repeated: "I just went."

Carefully, obviously knowing exactly what she was doing, Uhura released a bit of wee from her body and let it enter her uniform panties. Beverly saw it touching the fabric and darken the material. She bit her lip and felt her knees go weak. Seeing Uhura actually wet herself for real snapped something in her. Uhura mumbled: "I just went," and let her panties have some more. And more. Soon, Beverly could not see any stain in Uhura's panties any more, since they all had merged into one dark patch which covered all of her crotch. After a satisfied sigh, Uhura's legs now got wet as well, as her wee left her panties and spiralled down. She did not open her legs, not caring about anything. She just wet herself, gently, steadily, but firmly. With her eyes now closed, flooding her uniform with comforting warmth made her feel like reborn.

Beverly decided not to bother any longer. She briefly gazed at the door, which was still closed, and hiked up her dress. Not that there was much hiking up to do. She carefully pulled all wrinkles out of her panties, tucked down her dress, brushed her hands through her hair and switched on her seduction mode. Having dance experience paid off, she smiled, as she remembered all the technical lessons about motion control and and body language. Elegantly but very, very sensually, she walked around Uhura's wetting tree with one hand on her hip and one hand roving her body. From the corners of her eyes, she saw Deanna coming in her direction.

Uhura now looked as well, still slowly wetting. Beverly slowly made her round, as if on a stage, and stopped in front of the window. With her legs seductively apart, not too much, just enough, she put both her hands on her shoulders, slowly and sensually slid them down her chest, and let them rest on her thighs. The audience in the hall cheered and called: "Wet! Wet! Wet!" Beverly gyrated her hips a bit to increase the tension, and then threw her head backwards.

It welled up deep inside her, unstoppable, not like a roaring flood but as sure as the Indian monsoon. There was no going back now. She would go right in her pants. In fact, she *was* going right in her pants. Looking down at her ridiculous dress, she could not see anything yet, except for her bare, trembling legs, but it had been done. She had wet herself again. No, she still was wetting herself. Beverly tightened all her muscles except one, and looked at her image in the mirroring window. She saw a pretty woman seductively demonstrating how to do a wee in a very sexy little mini uniform.

The feeling of her panties getting all wet combined with the relief in her abdomen made her crow of pleasure, and she saw the woman in the mirror do a firm push. Her uniform changed into a wet dance outfit, and Beverly started hopping a bit. It felt great. She weed some more, there was enough in store. Getting more daring, she began making little dance steps, and when she felt her warm wee cascading down her legs, it only lift up her spirit more. In the end, she was kicking her legs high into the air while still wetting, reliving her times in a dance squad at Starfleet Academy. This uniform was great after all.

In the background, Uhura and Troi just looked, both still dripping, Uhura with glistening legs, Troi just with speckled boots. Troi was cooling down after what had been much like a heavy orgasm for over two minutes, and still was a bit light in her head, weakly holding the branch of a tree. Uhura only now got really excited. With her own wet panties itching between her thighs, her sensitive parts woken up, and Beverly's sensual performance, she felt her already heavy breasts swell in her tight uniform and knew her body would not leave her alone before it had got what it wanted. What she wanted. She began shaking her head, loosening her hair, and copied Beverly's previous seductive pose, legs open, hands on her skirt. There would be no escape from her.

When the three women left the arboretum, checking each other out for obvious specks and stains, they were in a state of great enthusiasm and even anxiety. Deanna, having had almost more satisfaction than she could bear, was the least excited of the three, and she just walked last in row, smiling like the Mona Lisa, feeling her soppy panties with every step. Beverly and Uhura just talked about men. Wild, willing, hairy, wet men. Beverly felt as if she had drunk at least three glasses of Romulan ale, or even Saurian brandy, and went pretty far in explicit descriptions of fantasy men she would like to have right now. Uhura was even more excited, so much in fact that she had trouble thinking or speaking clearly.

Beverly joined Troi, hoping to get some more response from her instead. They slowly got a few meters behind Uhura, who even increased her pace. When they had almost reached her quarters, a technician appeared around the corner of the corridor, hauling a cart with some equipment. Uhura just produced a low purr from deep inside, and with a low, sensual voice that shut up Beverly immediately, she said: "I have some work for you, dear."

The technician looked briefly at Uhura, smiled, and replied: "Not now, Booty. I've just received a shipment of coil calibrators, and we badly need them down there." Uhura put her hands in her side, pushed her chest forward and plainly stated: "Not as badly as I need you, dear. I need something else calibrated, right now." The engineer looked Uhura over, blinked when he saw her glistening legs and suspiciously dark red panties, and remarked: "Ay Booty, you look like you can use some work alright. But these cali..." Uhura clacked her tongue and pushed the man towards the door of her quarters: "They can wait. I'm your superior officer and this is an order."

"Ay, lass. If you say do. I'll see what I can do, but don't expect a miracle." With a whirr, the door closed behind them. Troi and Crusher looked at each other and said nothing. Then the sound of a breaking glass vase came through the door, and they heard Uhura yell: "Yes! Right here!" Deanna shuddered when she sensed what was happening, and Beverly reached for her tricorder. But Troi grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the door: "No Beverly, that would be indecent."

"But I'm a doctor, Deanna. This is research."

"No, it's voyeurism. We quit. Oh!" Deanna shuddered again and firmly squeezed Beverly's arm. Beverly was almost angry: "You're unfair! You can sense everything!" But then, a series of increasingly passionate cries came through the door, and both women just held their breath to listen. When the final scream echoed through the corridor, Troi almost fainted and Beverly had to support her. Carefully, she led her friend away from the place. She just needed a good night's sleep, Beverly thought. For herself, she wanted something else, but that would be for another time.

