It was the annual festival, with music and fairgrounds and beer tents and the usually inadequate toilet facilities. Becky knew she had waited too long.
After a couple of beers she had felt the need to go, but deep in conversation she had put it off. As she finally headed for the porta loos she realized the queues had grown in proportion with her need. Sighing, she took her place at the end of the line.
Becky was a short girl of twenty–nine, dressed in very tight white pants and a blue tee shirt. Her body was round in the hips, but she had a narrow waist, although her belly echoed the roundness of her bottom. With short brown hair and a nice smile she usually made friends fast. She put her weight on her other foot and waited.
A thin, longhaired girl in low–cut jeans took the place behind her, moving a little restlessly. Becky turned and smiled. –This might take some time.
— Oh God, I have to go, the girl said, crossing her legs. The jeans hugged her narrow hips, looking almost painted–on without pockets. Her tight halter–top exposed her flat belly and the nipples of her small breasts showed through the thin fabric. As she rubbed her legs together and arched her body, Becky noticed her hipbones and even the thin, curved line below her belly.
Becky was no stranger to girl–to–girl pleasures, and she felt a slight tingle inside her as she appreciated the other girl's sensuality. And then a big tingle as she almost forgot to keep her muscles clenched. Her hand dropped to her belly as she made an involuntary curtsy.
— You too, the girl asked.
Becky nodded. –We better keep our legs crossed.
The girl looked at the endless line. –I'm not sure if I can make it. I'm almost wetting myself already. She rubbed the soft skin below her navel absently.
Becky lifted her foot as a wave of pressure rocked her bladder. She thought she felt a drop escape her, and she bit her lips. –I think something's going to happen down my legs very soon.
— Don't say that, the girl lamented, her hand at the front of her jeans. –I'm totally bursting. She turned around, stepping from foot to foot, and Becky's eyes were drawn to the flimsy black thong shoving above her waistband. Her small buttocks moved with every step.
Becky rocked a little on her feet and felt her nipples harden from the strange combination of lust and need. The girl was now holding herself, biting her lip, staring pleadingly at Becky as if she would be able to perform some sort of a miracle: –What shall I do?
Becky reached out and rubbed her shoulder. –Hold on, sweetie. What's your name?
— Jenny. And yours?
— Rebecca. Just call me Becky. God, I think I just dribbled a little. Isn't this line moving at all?
Jenny stretched to look, both hands between her crossed legs, butt clenched.
— Don't think so.
Becky's hand slid across the stretched fabric over her belly, towards her crotch. –Say, Jenny, should we try to find some other place?
— But where? There are people everywhere. Her voice was filled with desperation and she couldn't stand still.
— There are some bushes over behind the market stalls. Want to try?
Jenny nodded. They walked with small steps, Jenny holding her crotch. Every step was a jolt to Becky's bladder, and she arched her back to ease the pressure. She took Jenny's hand for support. Nearing the bushes Jenny walked slower, bending over, clutching Becky's hand. –I can't make it, she whispered.
— Hold on. We're close now.
— I can't. It's coming!
Jenny stood still, bent over, clutched herself and sobbed. When she straightened again Becky could see the dark rose in Jenny's crotch and the tears in her eyes. Jenny grabbed Becky's arms and slid to her haunches, wetting herself helplessly. Becky stroked her hair and held her hand while she emptied her bladder in her jeans. Becky herself had to struggle to keep her own urine from flowing.
Slowly Jenny got to her feet. Strangely the wet spot in front was quite small, but as she turned around Becky saw the dark stain extend up the crack of her little butt. –Come on, Jenny, she said, –let's go sit down over there.
She kept her arm around Jenny as they walked, stroking her back, touching her waistline, sliding down to feel her butt move as she walked. Jenny sat down with her back to a tree, crossing her legs to hide her wet crotch. Becky fought the urge to just slide to the ground and let go herself; she knew she had dribbled a little with the strain of supporting Jenny.
— Sit here, she said, –I'll be right back. She walked as quickly as she could, ignoring the small spurts she couldn't keep from coming. At a stall she bought a short flowery wraparound skirt, crossing her legs and rocking as she waited for the change. Quickly she walked back to where she had left Jenny. Halfway she stopped, pretending to look in her purse as she concentrated on minimizing the short stream of pee in her pants. She stopped the flow and walked on.
Jenny looked up with watery eyes as she approached. Becky reached out and helped her to her feet, shielding her with the unfolded skirt. –Come on. Take your pants off.
Gratefully Jenny unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down her narrow hips.
— Panties too.
Jenny looked at Becky's friendly face, and then stepped out of the small wet triangle, revealing a hairless mound below her flat belly. Becky wrapped the skirt around her and tied the string. She stroked her cheek. –There, love. On impulse she planted a kiss on Jenny's lips. –Feeling better?
Jenny nodded before throwing her arms around Becky. –Thanks!
— My pleasure, Becky said, looking her in the eyes, then kissing her again with parted lips. –Now you're making me wet my pants too, she said as she withdrew. –Please cover me.
Jenny knelt with her back to the path as Becky pulled down her pants and white nylon panties and squatted right before her, stream hissing loudly in the grass. She sighed with relief and smiled at Jenny, whose eyes darted between Becky's crotch and her face.
She wriggled her pants back up. –Almost better than sex, she smiled. –Want to go for a beer?
Jenny nodded. –Thanks for helping me. Can I do anything for you?
Becky looked at the lovely slim girl before her, the skirt riding low on her hips, her mound protruding just below her waistband. She put her hand on Jenny's shoulder, and then let it slide down to cup a tiny breast. –If you want to?
Jenny smiled and covered Becky's hand with her own. –I'm yours.
From her purse Becky produced a plastic bag, and wrapped up Jenny's soiled clothes. Hand in hand they went to look for the beer tent.
— This probably isn't very wise, Becky said as she raised her glass. –Sooner or later we'll have to go again.
Jenny touched Becky's thigh under the table. –We'll think of something.
Becky felt the wetness in her crotch, both from her small accidents and from arousal. She thought of Jenny's soft slit and her cute bottom and knew she really wanted this girl. But there was no hurry. –Let's go shopping, she said as she drained her glass. –Lots of bargains to be found.
They strolled around the stalls, holding up dresses, fingering scarves, matching colors. Becky decided on a red sundress. –Is there anywhere I can try this on?
The attendant pointed to a small tent. –There.
They went in. Jenny watched while Becky removed her pants and tee, and pulled the dress over her head. –Like it?
Jenny nodded. –You have nice tits.
Becky rubbed her belly. –Sure I don't look fat?
— You look – huggable. Sexy.
Becky ruffled Jenny's hair. –Then I'll take it. I want to buy you something. Wait here. She kissed Jenny quickly on the mouth and left. She paid for the dress and the other item she had picked, and returned to the tent. –Put this on for me.
She handed Jenny a white two–piece bathing suit. The bra had small cups to suit her shape, and the panties were hip–hugging shorts. They fit perfectly. Becky put her hands on Jenny's hips and turned her around, enjoying the sight of her lips showing and the tight fabric parting her butt cheeks. The touch turned into an embrace.
— Thank you, Becky. I don't know what to do for you.
— Be my girlfriend. That's all I want. Let's go down to the lake. She smiled. –I have to pee badly.
Jenny wrapped the skirt around herself, but the halter–top went in the bag along with Becky's pants and tee. Down by the lake they found a spot on the grass away from the crowd where they dumped their bags and sat down. –Shall we go in? Becky asked. –I'm nearly wetting myself again.
Jenny knelt before her with her knees apart, and took her hands. –Becky?
— Yes?
— Did you – did you like watching me? Wet myself?
Becky looked at the serious expression on the young girl's face, the big blue eyes and the soft lips. She nodded.
— If you want I'll pee my bikini bottom for you.
Becky looked down between Jenny's legs just as the stream burst through her gusset, watching in fascination as this lovely girl deliberately went in her panties. As the last drops fell to the grass they kissed.
Shivering from lust Becky held Jenny's hips. –I want to do the same, she whispered. She sat with her legs crossed, dress pulled out from under her butt, closing her eyes.
— Lift your skirt so I can see, Jenny said. Becky lifted the hem, showing Jenny her panties as she let it flow.
Becky opened her eyes, breathing quickly, cheeks red. In a flowing motion she pulled the dress over her head and rose. –Race you to the water!
A well–known singer was giving a concert at the stage area later that evening. The girls followed the crowd gathering on the grass just in front of the stage. Becky wore only the new sundress, and Jenny had her halter–top and skirt with nothing under, the wet bathing clothes wrapped in a bag. As the concert began the crowd closed in, cheering and calling to the singer. Becky stood behind Jenny with her arms around her waist to keep them from separating. She pressed her belly against Jenny's butt, getting instant response. They moved to the music, feeling the closeness of their bodies.
An hour into the show Jenny leaned her head back and whispered to Becky: –I have to pee again.
— We don't want to leave, do we?
Jenny shook her head
— Okay then.
Jenny stopped moving. Becky felt her girlfriend concentrate, and then relax in her arms. –It's coming now, Jenny whispered.
Becky slid her hand between the layers of the skirt until she cupped Jenny's crotch, catching the rest of her warm urine on her hand. Then she let go of her own, feeling the pee flow freely under her dress, down her naked legs to be absorbed in the grass.
They walked slowly home, arms around each other, the cool night air feeling fresh against two naked sexes under their skirts. They had had more drinks, and Becky was feeling the need grow again. This time she would hold it– all the way to bed, to the big towel and, hopefully, Jenny's soft mouth.
Aquarius