That Desperate Feeling
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Debra has worked as a roadsweeper for five years. Where she worked, she often had to go on the early shift, which started around seven in the morning.

On that particular morning, she heard the weather forecast on her radio, which was that the day will be hot and humid. On getting up and hearing the news, she felt a bit thirsty, so she poured a glass of chilled water and drank it.

Despite trying to keep herself cool while she had a shower and got dressed, she felt thirsty again, so she poured another glass of water and drank it. After she changed into her green-coloured uniform, she felt more thirsty than ever, so she poured herself a large glass of orange juice and drank it.

When she left the house, she felt the air was cool at that early time. She managed to catch the early bus, which had all the windows left open. It was only a twenty minute ride until she got off at a stop just outside the depot. She was the only woman among thirteen other male roadsweepers, including the handsome supervisor, David, who she secretly fancied.

“Morning, Debra,” David greeted her.

“Hi David,” she greeted him back.

Within a few minutes, she got her equipment, brooms, shovel and bags, putting them on her barrow ready to do her work. She suddenly felt a slight need to wee…. she felt her belly which seemed large and was full of fluid inside, but she tried to ignore it as she went to her daily round.

Unfortunately, less than one hour into her round, she started to fidget slightly. Where she worked there were plenty of toilets to choose from, but they wouldn’t be open until a couple of hours later. As time wore on, Debra was finding it more difficult to concentrate on her sweeping as the growing pressure in her belly started to build up. She started to make mistakes and kept on missing piles of litter in one road. She needed to wee quickly, but forced herself to wait for any toilet to open. As most of her roads were residential, there weren’t any alleyways where she could hide in. By then, the pressure in her bladder had got worse….. and the weather was getting warmer, making her feel more thirsty, so she bought a bottle of mineral water from the newsagent gulped down large amounts at a time.

As the weather got hotter, Debra became more sweaty…. and the pressure in her bladder became almost unbearable. She stopped several times to bend double and discreetly grab her crotch. There were times when she had to hold her wee while she was sweeping, but this must be one of the worst times yet. Relief seemed to be at hand when one of the public toilets at the corner of the local park was opened. She stopped sweeping, dropped everything, and rushed to the toilets, only to see a sign on the door, saying:

SORRY, TOILETS NOT OPEN DUE TO CLEANING

Debra was so desperate by now that she didn’t care that she saw the attendant watching her grabbing her crotch tightly through her uniform trousers, and extremely bending double.

“E-e-excuse me, when w-will you b-b-be finishing? I-I need to go b-badly!” she asked.

“Er, I’m sorry, I’ve just started to clean them, so they won’t be ready yet,” the attendant replied.

“Oh, please, I need t-to go now!” Debra pleaded, yet despite the attendant having some sympathy for her plight, he felt he couldn’t let her in.

That meant she had to walk slowly back to her barrow in the street.  But before she got to the gate, she had a huge spasm, which made her start to wet her knickers. She grabbed herself even more tightly, desperately trying in vain to halt the flow, but as soon as she looked down and saw the wee beginning to soak her inner thighs, she just gave up and let it gush down her trousers. The wee soaked her knickers and drenched her legs, big time. When she finished letting go of all that fluid, she breathed a huge sigh of relief… but worse was to come…

“Debra? Debra! What are you doing?” She looked up to see David, her supervisor, walking around with a couple of senior managers to look around the area. She felt embarrassed and her face blushed a lot. What a terrible incident to happen to her during that day, one that she will never forget.

