Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation, and Accidental & Deliberate Wetting.
Tonight was the night. All week I had carefully monitored my fluid intake preparing for this special night. My girlfriend and I were going out to a party with some close friends and I was driving. Normally this would have been the short straw, but, my mock annoyance covered my anticipation and delight well. In the four hours we were there, I helped her drink down at least three pints of various liquids while sipping slowly at a simple glass of water. I couldn't believe my luck as we walked back to our car, as she still hadn't gone to pee and by now must have a bladder that bulged more than my erect cock. Luckily Jess did not notice my 'bulge', but she did notice hers.
"God I have to pee like a racehorse," she gasped, and "I can't believe I didn't notice how bad I had to pee. Do you mind if I pop back in quickly love?" I quickly mumbled something about traffic and road works and she relented. As we got into the car I noticed her give her crotch a quick squeeze, perhaps to reassure herself. As we drove on, (we lived at least half an hour away from where the party was taking place) she began to fidget, steadily growing more frantic by the minute. Eventually I decided to break the silence and have some fun; "Are you ok Jess?" I said. "Yeah...Yeah I'm fine" she replied, "Well I was just going to stop at the petrol station and get a coffee, do you want one?" "Oh, er, no thanks" came the reply.
After taking as long as I could to pay, whilst stealing glances back at the car to check on Jess every few seconds, I went back to the car. Just as I began walking back towards the car, Jess got out and began to walk towards me. She was holding herself firmly through her tight Levi's but when she saw me she very quickly moved her hand away like a rabbit caught in the headlights. "Hey stranger, where are you going?" I enquired. "I was just going to go use the toilet in the petrol station", she said, "I really have to go..." she added in a hushed tone. "Sorry babe but the guy says he's locking up, I was lucky to get served just then." She let out a slight moan of oh so wonderfully erotic frustration and walked dejectedly back to the car, holding herself when she thought I couldn't see.
After about five more minutes along the road, when I had finished my coffee, I asked her "Would it help if you peed in this cup?" "Oh, no, no, no, I don't have to go that bad" she said hastily "Suit yourself" I replied, tossing the cup out of the window. A minute later she was squirming like a woman possessed, "God I have to piss so bad" she hissed through clenched teeth. "Are you going to wet yourself?" I asked, my erection threatening to burst through my zipper. "I...I...I..." the sound scarcely escaped her lips before there came a loud hissing and as I looked over a dark stain spread across her crotch. A puddle formed on the (thankfully) waterproof seat and I smelt the sharp smell of ammonia. "I...I just did" she sobbed. "Aww baby don't worry, it happens to everyone," I said reassuringly, before I climaxed and made my own little wet patch.
As she looked over at me, inquisitive as to the reason for my deep breaths she said "Have you wet your... hang on wait a minute, you're having an orgasm aren't you" she said accusingly, "You set me up to wet my knickers!" Despite my hasty denials she concluded sharply, "You'll pay for taking advantage of me like this!"
Two weeks later
The memory of that night had never spread far from my mind. Even during sex the image came back to me, spurring both of us on to new, fantastic heights. At the end of this particularly orgasmic week we agreed to spend Friday and Saturday abstaining from having any sexual contact with each other to make Sunday and Bank Holiday Monday all the more explosive. Jess persuaded me that we should pass up an invite from some friends and go out for an evening together. As we always do, we picked each other's outfits. For me she chose red boxers, the lightest jeans known to denim and a t–shirt. For her I chose her oh–so tight Levi's, red bikini briefs and a tasteful if somewhat translucent blouse. Her breasts were so perfectly formed that she had no need for a bra– they held themselves in place. Just as we were about to leave she suddenly said "Oh I almost forgot!" and rushed straight back inside. She came back outside with a black bag that rustled slightly as she wordlessly placed it into the boot. As I drove us to one of our favourite clubs, my mind turned to that fateful day two weeks ago: Jess's desperation, her *very* wet knickers and her declaration that I would pay. 'What did she mean by that?' I pondered while drawing into the car park.
Three pints or so of bitter for her and water for me had left at least one of us in need of a release. I stood and announced to Jess that I was going to empty my bladder, she simply stood as well and half pulled, half dragged me towards the car. "This club isn't really doing it for me tonight," she said in a sexy tone, "Let's go somewhere else now," she added forcefully. "But honey I have to go..." "Now, now, you should be old enough to hold it" "But..." "I told you I'd make you pay." 
She finished her sentence with a satisfied smirk and began to walk towards the car. Sensing that my numbers were up, I followed dutifully. However, as I was about to swing myself into the drivers seat, I heard a small, knowing, interruptive cough behind me. I grasped her firm breasts from behind and whispered down her neck "What is it my mistress?" Roughly she forced something white and plastic into my hands. As I lifted it up to the light it crumpled and cracked. "You have got to be kidding me" "Look, you've had a lot to drink, some of it alcoholic, and since this is my car I don't want the seats ruined if you have an accident." "And what makes you think that will happen?" "Because we're driving for quite a while and you are not stopping to water a fencepost like you do normally when we've both been drinking in the car." She had obviously figured out what I'd been up to, I knew that if I faced my punishment well, I might even enjoy it.
"Ok I'll wear it, but when are you going to let me go?" "You are going to wait until we get home." "And you?" "I will go whenever I choose to."
Reluctantly I began to strip off my jeans and then my boxers. "No!" the suddenness of her retort stunned me like a bullet from a gun, "Wear the nappy over your boxers, I don't want you springing any leaks." she finished with her now familiar smirk. "Well what about you?" "What about me?" "Why don't you wear one?" "Because I don't need to, I can wait and hold it as long as I need to." "If I remember rightly two weeks ago you couldn't hold it." "Your point being?" "You're the one of us who seems most likely to wet themselves and therefore you should wear a nappy too." "Fine. But it would be a waste, I can out hold you any day because a girl can wait as long as she needs to." And with that she ripped off her jeans, pulled up her nappy and got back in the car.
I admit it; I had been lying through my teeth. By the time we reached the next club I had to go BAD.
As soon as Jess and I checked each other's nappies, I was off towards the club. As we got in the elevator I was whispering furiously to Jess: "I've got to go, I've go to go now!"
She whacked a button angrily and the elevator popped open. "You sure do complain a lot when the tables are turned," she said, "afraid you might wet your pants?"
The floor we were on had a vending machine area with a nearby bin. She pushed open the lid, "Pee a little into there" she said. By now my bladder was so full it had its own gravitational pull so I eagerly ripped my cock out of my jeans and sprayed into the bin. Barely had I begun this sweet relief when it was rudely interrupted by Jess shutting the lid to the bin. "Stop! Stop! Stop!" she shouted. As I choked off the flow her anger faded and instead she looked around and laughed.
"What a mess." she observed, looking down at the puddle around my feet, "It looks like you already had an accident."
After the lift doors opened Jess dragged me off to the bar to get drinks. This was a hot club and I briefly forgot about things as I glanced as the beautiful women drifting by. My girlfriend was dressed very well too. Tight Levi's, red bikini briefs and that somewhat translucent blouse were turning me on in all the right ways.
I felt my bladder's fullness coming on again and asked Jess if she had to go yet. She said she was fine, that she could wait. There was a very long line of women waiting to use the restroom. Jess directed her gaze towards the line and told me that women just have to learn to wait a bit longer than men.
"Men can just go whenever you need," she admonished. "We have to learn to just cross our legs and try not to let any embarrassing little streams out." "Drink up," she said, noticing that I had barely started my beer while hers was 2/3rds empty.
We mingled around the edges of the club for a bit. My bladder was aching again and I began asking if we could just head on home. "What do you want to go home for so early?" she said smiling. Over the next 20 minutes or so, the ache in my bladder became more urgent and so did my requests to either get going or for her to relent and let me use the bathroom.
Despite all my questioning and requests she still would not let me go. She stayed ever silent. I could not believe how much pee she was holding, that her petite little body could retain that much liquid. I wondered if maybe she was started to finally need to pee badly herself. Hesitantly I asked her. "I'm fine," she said. "I can hold it. I can control my pee as long as I want to." She still sounded angry.
We went back to the bar and she bought in another round. "Here, guzzle this," she said indicating the ice water. I balked. "And what if I don't?" I asked. "Then I'll freeze you out," she replied. I drank the glass of ice water.
Another half hour passed and I'd somehow finished that round. "I'm about ready to find a toilet," she said. "But I won't yet." I was looking for some sign of distress from her, a twinge or the faint origins of a pee–pee dance perhaps. But she did nothing. "Oh, my bladder is so full," she said. "This pee is really going to feel quite wonderful." "But see," she continued, "I can still hold it. As long as I want to!"
Again, somehow, I was threatened into guzzling more water. My bladder was aching and hurting and I was thinking I couldn't take it any more when, miraculously, a table opened up and we got to sit for the first time that night giving my bladder a brief reprise from all the pressure placed on it.
Lovely women filed passed us to the dance floor but all I could think about was how much longer I could control the pressure in my bladder. My girlfriend seemed to have forgotten she was mad again, and was teasing me. "How are you doing?" she inquired now. "I feel like I'm going to explode," I said shifting in my seat. No position seemed to help, but still I kept shifting. "Trying crossing your legs," she said smiling impishly. I crossed my legs the way a woman does and leaned forward. I moaned but it was lost in the beat and the bass. "It doesn't really help," I said. My legs bounced up and down of their own accord. She leaned around the little bar table and looked at me. "You look silly," she said and laughed again. "Yeah, well not as silly as you looked with those wet knickers round your ankles" I shot back.
Just then the DJ started into a slow droning number and she got a most \ mischievous look on her face. No doubt she was planning how she was going to get me back for that comment. "I want to dance," she said. She jumped up and tugged at my hand. I didn't want to go out on that dance floor. All I could think about was peeing. I very nearly did at that instant. The hell with embarrassment! I was probably never going to see any of these people again. But then we were standing, caught in the wave of pulsating bodies on the dance floor.
Standing up now redoubled the intensity of the pressure on my bladder. For some reason my penis was still quite erect and I had a feeling that you get when a stream is just about to push out of the tip of your penis.
And then we were dancing, swaying back and forth. I gritted my teeth against the waves of oncoming desperation. All of a sudden I felt like a couple of drops had leaked from my body but I couldn't tell for sure. I took my hand off Jess's shoulder and reached down and squeezed myself hard through my jeans, trying to feel for a wet spot. I groaned in her ear. "Honey, please, I said. Let's go, let's go, let's go!"
She glanced down and saw me clutching myself. "Stop It!" she said, "your acting like a little kid. God you're embarrassing me!" She pulled my hand back to her shoulder. And then she pulled me close and began grinding against me.
I gasped at the sudden pressure and tried to push her away but she only pulled me closer to her. We looked like just another horny couple grinding against each other during a late night slow dance. She pulled me firmly again and ground her pelvis against me tortuously slowly, trapping my agonized bladder. I moaned uncontrollably, I couldn't think straight. I pushed her away again but she grabbed my butt and ground up against me even harder. And then I felt that some had definitely escaped. I felt a spurt of piss and a warm feeling where the tip of my cock lay against my skin. I was very, very erect now from all the grinding. I stopped dancing.
Jess looked me straight in the eye, oblivious to what was happening, and pressed still harder against me. I closed my eyes and another squirt of piss escaped, but this time it kept coming, a steady stream emerging and gaining force. I moaned again in her ear. She grabbed my butt cheeks unrelentingly forcing me against her. And then she felt the warmth.
"You're pissing your pants, aren't you!" she hissed in my ear. I nodded weakly.
She pushed back from me. I leaned forward slightly telling my muscles to stop the piss but they weren't listening. My thigh was dark and wet and the pee emerged visibly from my jeans near my cock bulge. And I couldn't stop.
People were turning to stare at us now and a puddle was visible beneath me even in the dim light on the dance floor. Then I felt Jess pulling me close and grinding against me. As I choked off the flow, about half empty, I felt another stream on my crotch and thigh. It was Jess's. She peed slowly at first, then, as she drew closer to orgasm, she began too pee a torrent before stopping just as quickly as she had started. "Oh my God I've never been so embarrassed in all my life," she said, hustling me out of the club. Instead of waiting for the lift she led me to the stairs. "Oh My God!" she gasped explosively, "That was amazing!"
I said nothing, so deeply was I involved in my own orgasmic thoughts. Soon we had both climaxed, without the use of our hands either.
Since I still had to pee badly and I thought Jess did too, she said, "Well we might as well go here, we're enough of a mess now." I turned and grabbed the hand railing and faced away from her. I thought how good it would feel to do as she said– to just give up completely. And then without really making any conscious decision to do so, I was peeing again. Piss gushed from my cock and ran down my left leg. I sighed as the feeling of complete relief overtook me. A puddle formed at my feet on the concrete steps of the stairwell, and began cascading down to the steps below, some even flowing over the edge into the center of the stairwell and into the depths. Jess skittered down a few steps and around the turn where she could see my soaked front again. She stood looking at me and was giggling again. Finally I felt the blessed feeling of near emptiness and I squeezed off the last trickle and turned to watch her. She saw I was tapering off and started up to the top of the stairs, her heels clicking rapidly.
Jess stopped and we faced each other. She started to pee. She stood there enthralled in the ecstasy of the moment as she felt her own pee wind its way warmly down her crotch before hugging along her thighs and out into her shoes and into my stagnant puddle on the floor. After both of us finished, we reached out and hugged each other tightly, still without saying a word. After what seemed like a long time I came to and we left for the car. I will never forget that first time that we stood holding each other with our wet pants in the moonlight. As we reached the car, Jess whispered, "I guess I need those nappies now." I knew that I had found my girl.
By: Remos