This Story contains no pornographic scenes. Only a few exciting moments that can make you aroused. :–)
It was a Sunday afternoon in the fall. It was cold and rainy and there was nothing interesting to experience. I invited Debby, a friend'o'mine, which was not really my girlfriend, but I liked her for her kinky madness. After cleaning up the room a bit and waiting with a magazine on the couch, she finally arrived.
I opened the door and noticed she'd dressed herself in a very special way. To describe: she wore a white blouse and a tie, a blue blazer, a grey cardigan, a pleated plaid skirt, white socks up 'till her knees and blue shoes. She knew she could make me aroused with dressing like that, so then I knew she was up to something special, something wild. I gave her a compliment with telling her she had a cute outfit.
"Oh!" she said, "Once in a while, a get a great desire to pull on these clothes. They're magic to me, a kind of fetish." I said I got very excited too by seeing her that way and wished I had such a uniform myself.
Her eyes began to twinkle. "Look deep in your closet," she replied with a whispered voice. "You may find something you forgot to wear for a long time." So we went to the attic, where my old clothes where stored in boxes. It was very funny to look in them. We laughed with some stuff that wouldn't even fit me anymore. "We're gonna dress you like you've never imagined," she said. There she suddenly stood with a white flannel blouse in her hands. I don't think you'd ever find something like that in the store these days. She also had a pair of brown velvet shorts. In one way or another it did something to me. 
"Let's take these downstairs, I wanna try them," I said. So we went back to the living room and I was going to try these old clothes. The flannel blouse was buttoned 'til the middle. With my b–cup I tried to button it up but I had to stop because it was so tight. I pulled on the velvet shorts, which were also tight (What do you expect of such old clothes). I pulled on some white socks 'till my knees and a pair blue shoes. "Here I am," I said when I entered the living room. We started laughing very hard, but in some way it made me aroused. 
"Go look in the mirror!" she said. 
"No! First I'm going to the bathroom before it's too late," I said. Yep, here you can guess that it was something I better shouldn't have said. I really had to go. When Debby hears something like that you can be sure she is going to tease you. So she embraced me from behind and dragged me to the mirror, while I was laughing, trying to resist and desperately holding my pee.
And there I stood in front of the mirror, with Debby behind me. I saw myself in this tight flannel blouse and that cute velvet short. Suddenly, it was turned from a funny moment to an arousing thing.
Debby still embraced me very tight. She whispered in my ear: "Gotta pee–pee, Kirsten, huh? Gotta pee–pee?"
"Ohh! Yes," I said with a short breath after that " I gotta p…..". The desperation had something erotic...
Debby again: "Oh, you look so exciting in those cute shorts... your hands in your crotch and legs crossed". She began to moan: "Kirsten's going to pee her pants oh, Kirsten you're going to wet them". I smelled a scent of sweat coming out of Debby's blouse. It made me more and more aroused and I went in ecstasy and surrendered to Debby. "Loooook, Kirsten, Loooook! You look exciting in these 70's clothes, and you're going to pee your pants….. don't you….don't you?" 
With her whispered voice and special timbre she had total control over me. My heart was beating very fast and I began to sweat too. I moaned "I'm gonna pee….I'm gonna peee! oh!" And there I went. I was so over the edge that my eyes turned up, my cheeks began to blush, a relieving feeling in my bladder together with a nice warm feeling in my shorts. I just let go. In a half trance I felt pee streaming over my legs, wetting my socks and shoes and heard a dribbling noise on the floor.
When I came to, I saw myself standing there with totally soaked shorts and a yellow puddle around my shoes. Debby whispered in my ear: "Oh Kirsten! That was so great! But… can I borrow some of your clothes… I wet myself too."Kirsten