I have been a 'wetter' since i was about 12 – I am 26 now and still wet myself more than once a week! I used to think I was strange, but when I got the internet a couple of months ago i realized that there were plenty of girls like me, and plenty of guys who like it...
Also, since I found your site I have been a little bolder about where I wet myself – I used to do most of it at home, like in the back or front yard – there were times I did it 'publicly', but I have been doing it a whole lot more in the past month! I have always been a bit of a showoff – I like to wear short skirts and sometimes even flash my panties or butt at guys, but now I like to pee outside too.
So I though you might like to know about my last experience –yesterday in fact! I was in town at lunch time doing the Xmas shopping thingy, and decided to sit in a park for a break – a couple of times I had attempted to go pee, but the lines to the ladies' room were too long so I just held it. 
I finally got to sit down, and was starting the drink I had just bought when I remembered my need! Shit! There are no toilets in the park where I was (they have been closed for years) and none in the next one over either – I was at least a 5–10 minute walk from the closest toilet. To top it off, I had sat near a 'water feature' (who thinks of these dumb names anyway?)!
I knew then that I would be peeing somewhere near there – but there were a few too many people around just to pull down my panties and let it go – and there were no real 'corners' or bushes to hide in, so I made up my mind.
I pulled my skirt out from under me, and also up a little at the front– I could tell you could see my panties if you walked in the right spot from the look on a couple of guys eyes as they went passed! Damn that turns me on! They also walked past about 5 times each (there were two of them) until I looked right at them and they didn't come back! I am not that scary I thought...
Anyway, I then spread my legs a little, bent my knees and let it go, right through my panties. Oh man – I can't tell you what the relief was like, also how turned on I was getting flashing and peeing in the park!
Once I was done, i gave myself a good rub (I told myself it was to get some of the pee out, but I certainly enjoyed it), and maybe rubbed a little too long. I was turned on like nothing else – I think if someone had come up to me and proposing sex on the spot I would have just laid down and spread for them there!
So there we go. I was having so much fun though, that i sat there and ate my lunch, with my freshly wet panties out for the world to see...
Damn I love to pee.
Kay