I work in a real estate office and I get to meet and interact with all kinds of great folks. Having spent all my life in the retail business both working with and watching people, I've learned how to feed my fetishes by setting up scenarios without the players knowing what's going on. I know it's devious but I can't help myself as they just sort of fall into the act. Sometimes this talent comes in handy when you have some of the fetishes we all seem to enjoy.
We often hold public open houses where we will open up a home and let the public tour it. It gives us the chance to meet new buyers and to help market a property we have listed. Sometimes those listed properties are new homes that have been built in previously marketed subdivisions. The builder asks us to market it and get it sold before he even gets it finished.
Commonly, in the nicer homes, we'll advertise a wine and cheese party to be held on a Saturday afternoon and we'll invite the public. On one particular weekend we scheduled one of these in a home I had just listed for sale with another agent. The big new colonial was in a prestigious neighborhood and surrounded by other luxury houses. This was the last one to go and the builder had most everything completed. The only thing left to do was to have the plumber come back, connect all the fixtures, then turn on the water. This was left until last because with no heat being run there was a fear of freezing up the pipes over cold nights.
My trainee associate, Jan, was a very young and attractive new agent in her mid twenties and at my 50 years old, I sure did think a lot about teaching her things aside from just real estate. Maybe the boss was really trying to set me up by pairing her with me as my understudy. The sad thing was she was a bit of a bitch, arrogant and too self–confident for her young age and lack of experience. I suppose those would be qualities that would eventually help her be successful in this business but I really didn't like her much.
All that aside though, she was hot! She would wear tight fitting skirts and revealing sheer type blouses in a tasteful way. I could usually see the lacey lines of her push up bras, which gracefully show off her gorgeous buxom figure without really putting it out there. There were usually two buttons opened which would let the world enjoy some cleavage but this girl knew how to flirt right up to the point where it was proper to draw the line. There was a lot left for the imagination and although I didn't care for her I lustfully imagined having my way with her. Even her perfume turned me on. I wonder whether or not these twenty–somethings know what effect they have on us old guys. And for those who doubt that sex sells, come watch this gal as she swoons them into signing.
Today Jan would get a lesson she hadn't planned on. At first I hadn't either but as I got to thinking about things, this was a perfect chance for setting up one of those fetish–satisfying scenarios. With this full of herself twenty–something, it would be fun! I knew that Jan, being one of those health nuts, worked out a lot and drank gallons of water. I would see her with a bottle of spring water nearly everywhere she went and she never ate much. Even though I said she was buxom it was more a result of being big boned, tall and muscular. I also noticed she was excusing herself for the restroom at least once an hour.
On a recent company social gathering, Jan also demonstrated her likeness for the taste of white wine. Without a lot of food in her system, two glasses of wine brought a nice glow to her face and a sparkle to her eye. At times like these, she would also sweat a bit with small droplets of moisture forming around her hairline and downward towards her cleavage.
Because I worked with her a lot, I was also able to notice a slight change in her demeanor, but she did a great job of hiding her buzz from others as she carefully chose her words. I thought she was a lot more fun when she was drunk and it mellowed out that cocky and arrogant disposition. She sure had me excited as I watched her prance around.
On the morning of the open house, I knew that our ride there would take us quite a ways and I also knew that there would be no facilities there or close by. The contractor had removed the temporary port–a–potty as he knew the plumber would be finishing up any day now. I also knew it might be difficult for Jan to do the drive, then the open house and then the trip home, all the while having no restroom. I knew that this thought had never crossed her mind, as this was her first new home open house. I could have told her but...like I said earlier; it was fun setting up these scenarios.
Slyly, I mentioned to her, just before we left, that she should take some extra water along. I told her that new house plumbing gave off some horrible smells and the water was typically terrible for drinking until all the lines got flushed thoroughly. What I didn't tell her was that it was likely there wasn't any plumbing in place yet and that not only was there not any water, but there weren't any working toilets either
We loaded up the Blazer with all our signs, balloons, sales flyers and the wine and cheese platter. Jan the good student grabbed a couple extra bottles of spring water too and we were off.
Shortly, Jan got a sneaky look on her face and asked me if it would be okay to crack open one of the wine bottles for the trip over. I knew it was wrong but I couldn't resist. I told her, "no problem" to which she totally surprised me. She kicked off her shoes and turned to crawl over the front seat into the back. This delicious lady had on her typical short business skirt and a tight red top. There were no pantyhose; just a gorgeous pair of French cut silk undies, which were now on full display if I looked over or straight ahead into my rear view mirror. As she made her way back and then over again, her contortions put her goddess like shape in full view. Her perky tits pressed hard against her blouse and her bottom pushed out her skirt to its very limits. Such beautiful perfectly tanned muscular legs she had and did she ever smell good. Had she no shame?? I thank God not! I was now enjoying a rock solid hard on.
As Jan settled back into the seat, she truly had no idea that her circus act had me about to cum. She tucked one leg under her, popped the bottle open and started to swig. Two long big gulps and that bottle was nearly 1/2 gone. With that familiar glow now evident on her face and those beads of sweat my woody just got bigger and bigger.
As we got closer, she recapped the wine, took a big swig from the water bottle and asked me how much further. I told her that we would be there in ten minutes and with just a slight alcohol induced change in her voice– she announced that she had to take "One hell of a Piss."
"You sly dog," I thought to myself, as I told her that it would not be long now. I knew that the wine would have caused her to have to pee much harder and holding her muscles tight was going to be a challenge.
We turned into the neighborhood and passed all the stately homes on the way in. As we rounded the bend, I could see all the people waiting to get into the open house. Jan got a horrified look on her face and asked me if they were all there waiting for us. When I told her yes, she said," God I really have to Pee first," I told her I would hold back the crowd and unload the car while she found the toilet.
Pulling into the driveway, she grabbed the key and bounded up the front steps, she struggled with the key a second and then went in. She had already started the Pee Hop. I started to talk to the folks and then began grabbing stuff to bring in. A few seconds later, Jan came bounding out and ran up to me. Slyly, I asked her if she felt better even though I knew she hadn't found any working toilets and was truly in desperation now. Fearing she might be overheard, she put herself right up close to me and whispered in my ear that there weren't any bathrooms hooked up and she was really having a hard time holding back her pee. I looked right at her and told her to toughen up, grab some of our sales stuff and head into the house with me. The look on her face instantly turned to bitch as she told me to "fuck off" but then immediately pulled herself together to meet "her public". She did what I told her.
The group of people followed us in. We put down our stuff and I asked Jan to escort them around the home. This time she glared at me with a look as if I was torturing her but once again she quickly mustered up her professional side and started walking the house. I pretended to be mad at her and hurt over her "fuck off" statement and since she knew she had been a bitch she was trying out humility for a change.
I was setting up a little merchandising area ad watching her out of the corner of my eye. She was doing a great job hiding her predicament from the crowd but I could see her keeping her legs tightly together as she went from room to room. Next was the stairs! I knew that if she tried to negotiate those steps with all that wine in her and an exploding bladder, she might really have an accident. I pretended not to be watching as she led the folks up the stairs all the while she pressed her thighs closer together. The tight skirt seemed to hide the grinding of her thighs but I could see the difference. She was shivering from pain just a tiny bit now too as my hard on grew to full size.
As buzzed as she was and as desperate as she was becoming, she still had those visitors wrapped around her fingers. She was the ultimate sales professional / actress. Finally, the first crowd had been shown all around and they headed out the door. Jan ran back to me and said, "Bob, I'm so sorry for telling you to fuck off but I really have to get to a restroom quickly. I can't keep this up anymore." She was being so sweet now it was killing me. By now her muscles must have ached unbearably because those little droplets of sweat on her cleavage line were in full bloom and her blouse was showing signs of dampness from her perspiration. I couldn't tell if she had dribbled a small bit into her panties too but her sweaty womanly scent was intoxicating. She almost smelled as if she'd had sex this morning.
Pretending to feel sorry for her and now hornier than I can ever remember being, I asked her if she was too buzzed to drive. Of course I knew the answer. In a kind of uncharacteristic sob, she told me she was. Then she said she was afraid of getting charged for a second DWI, admitting that she was in court just a few months ago after driving home from an all night party. She was really becoming humble now and she wasn't trying to hide the fact that she was bouncing up and down and from side to side, she almost reached to grab her crotch but then caught herself.
I told her that since we both couldn't leave, I would try to go to the basement and see if there was a solution. "Besides," I said to her, "I've got to take a leak myself now." Once again, she swore at me calling me a bastard and once again, I put on the air of being hurt and angry with her. This game was getting better and better by the moment.
The cellar opening was accessed through a door but the only way down was a makeshift ladder and it was only lit by filtered sunlight that made its way through tiny cellar windows. I slowly made my way down but at 250 lbs, that poor old ladder was feeling the strain of my weight. As I looked around, I saw over in the corner what looked like a sump well. Sure enough, there it was and it had at least two feet of water in it from last night's rain. If the water level had been any higher the pump would have surely started.
Just perfect I thought as I whipped out my still partially erect prick. I began to hear Jan whimpering upstairs and all of a sudden she let out a groan. At just that moment I started to pee into the sump well. It was forceful and thus loud enough for Jan to hear upstairs. She yelled down to me that she couldn't wait anymore and was about to have an accident. I yelled up to her that she should lock the front door and come to the basement.
I could hear her cross the living room and turn the deadbolt, then she started coming towards me and the cellar hole. I heard her groan once again. I was just finishing my piss and really enjoying the thought of her in such desperation. She hollered out to me that she couldn't go down the ladder herself because she was scared of heights, "Please Bob, I need your help," she screamed out.
"You want me to help you after how rude you've been?" I yelled back.
This was as perfect as perfect gets. I told her I would help her and moved into the lighted area that was the cellar hole with the ladder. She had tremendous relief as she saw my face, once again apologized and then asked me what the toilet in the basement was like. I told her it was just a big hole in the floor and she said she didn't care but was desperate for my help. I asked her what she wanted me to do.
Jan asked me to come up the ladder halfway as she turned to come down it. I couldn't believe this wonderful thing was happening to me. I never could have planned it so well. I did what she said and as she moved over the ladder, all of her was in full view as I looked up. That big round and perfect ass covered barely by those soft sexy silk panties filled my field of vision as I gazed up at her. She told me to close my eyes and I laughed at her telling her that if I did I wouldn't be able to see her in case she started to fall. For just a moment her anxiety waned and out came a small burst of nervous laughter. It was very short–lived because what also came out was a very slight but clearly visible showing of her golden nectar. It dribbled past the protection of those panties and down her legs towards me.
Instantly, she froze up, squeezed her legs together and let out a painful grown. She knew I was below her, she knew I was looking intently at her and she knew that her pee had just dripped from her privates, through her underwear and onto me below her. She was mortified and began to cry. I was just about to cum in my pants at the thought of this luscious being who was totally within my power at this very moment. She had no idea what was going on with me!
I told her it was okay, that she was not to be embarrassed and then I climbed up to her. I reached my hand up to her. Together we backed down the steps to the cellar floor. It was now my turn to be embarrassed. My prick was so hard and in the act of reaching up and then climbing up to her it positioned itself within my pants in such a ways as to point straight out. It was clearly obvious how turned on I was and when I moved in close to her, she had to have known.
As we stood on the cellar floor, Jan turned towards me quickly, looked down at the bulge in my pants and didn't say a word. She was hopping up and down now; holding her crotch and asking me to lead her to the sump well. I wondered what she was thinking or if she was thinking about my huge hard on at all. Maybe she was just thinking about how bad she had to pee but why then did she turn back a second time to check me out. God she smelled good and those few drops of her pee that fell onto my shirt were still warming my chest.
Bitch or no Bitch, I wanted this girl today... Right here and now! But...God forbid I should get brought up on sexual harassment charges or worst yet, have my wife find out. So...it was time to keep my fantasies in check, for the moment anyway.
Jan and I made it across the floor to the well and she realized that she would need me to help hold her while she balanced over the large hole in the floor. Once again, there I was, Jan close to me; with me taking in all her sexuality and all the while hold back this huge hard on from exploding. She pulled her skirt up to her waist.
I got behind her and held her up by her armpits as she straddled the hole, pulled her already dampened panties to one side and let go the most incredible piss I ever saw. The sound of her peeing, the smell of her sex, the aromas of wine and perfume and the closeness gave me back feelings I had forgotten about decades ago. Jan just kept peeing until she was completely empty. She finally grew limp as she relaxed all her muscles and as she eventually finished, there was a big sigh.
She straightened herself up which then allowed me to back up and release my hold on her. Without a word, Jan turned in to me and pushed me up to the wall. She forced her tongue into my mouth, reached down, loosened my belt and zipper and started massaging my rock hard dick. She stopped for a moment, peeled off her panties and put them in my mouth. She squatted down, dropped my drawers and with her tongue she massaged my aching prick till it exploded. With her wide–open mouth she caught every last drop. I was shaking so badly, I could barely stand!
Jan stood up and said, "Well, It seems we each have a secret we'd rather not share, now don't we! "
All I could do was shake my head up and down. She had me in her spell, Jan started up the ladder and I followed. When we got to the top, she fixed herself up, went to reopen the door and said, "Let's sell this sucker" –Once again, Always the professional!
Me, I'm such a sly guy!
Beemer Bob