Title: Making Her Wait

By: Nigel Maltby

Karen and I had already enjoyed nearly a week of our two week stay in Majorca. Weid enjoyed sun, sea and sex in large quantities. I always found her georgous body all the more so when she had a tan and with us both relaxed it was easy to fall in love all over again. The one thing I had never been relaxed about was telling her of my love of watersports. Somehow I could never bring myself to mention it for fear of rejection. Manyis the time I had listen to her peeing as I pressed my ear to the bathroom door but that door had always remained locked, that is until the other evening.

We decided to go to a disco a fair way out of the resort and I agreed to drive. It got to about 2.30 in the morning and the disco was becoming a drag. I said to Karen we should leave as it was a good half hour drive backto our apartment. Karen was a bit tiddly and started to refuse to leave so I ended up virtually dragging her outside into the car park.

"At least let me go pee first" she said

"Sorry," I replied

"But I really have to pee!"

"Youire coming back to the apartment now, you can wait until we get there." I said, getting rather cross with her antics now.

I managed to bundle her into the car and I set off for our resort. She seemed to be quieter now and she leaned over and apologised, kissing me lightly on the cheek. I smiled for I could never resist her gorgeous body. "I really do have to pee bad though" she said. We stopped at red lights and I looked across at her. She was fidgeting and jiggling her knees up and down. Maybe she really did have to pee, I thought. The lights turned to green and I decided I had the upper hand on her now.

"Are you really desperate? I asked. She nodded and thinking about it I realised she must have had 4 or 5 beers at the club. We reached another red light, "Iim not sure I believe you" I said cheekily, "Perhaps you should let me check."

"Sorry?" she said, looking shocked.

I reached over and started to force my hand up her skirt between her legs, "Hey! What are you doing?"

I told her I needed to check to see if she was indeed desperate. She kept struggling at first but eventually allowed my hand through to her crotch. I slipped my middle finger round the edge of her panties and into her pussy. She gasped with pleasure as I probed a bit deeper, finally nudging against her very plump, very firm and very full bladder. She really did have to go badly. She let out another gasp as her bladder threatened to let go and she began struggling to get my hand away again. The light turned green so I withdrew and we set off again.

"You really do have to go donit you?" I said.

"Iive got to go really badly, please hurry and get home!"

"Iim not sure I should hurry the way you acted back there in the car park. Iive a good mind to make you wait". I felt myself becoming aroused by her now intense desperation and I found myself gaining unheard of confidence and began to wonder if tonight might be the night I saw her pee. She was pressing one hand into her crotch through her skirt and gripping hold of the seat with her other. I decided then weid have some fun when we got in.

She continued to squirm for the rest of the journey. By the time I finally pulled into the driveway she was almost on the edge of her seat, thrusting back and forth on her bum. I steered the car into the garage and she immediately leapt out, the apartment door keys at the ready. I followed reasonably close behind. She frantically opened the front door and made a mad dash for the downstairs bathroom. She had only nudged the door shut with her shoulder as she was grabbing at herself with both hands. I burst in on her just as she had lifted her skirt and was halfway through lowering her panties while being in mid crouch.

" I think you should wait a bit longer as punishment." I said and I pulled her into a standing position again.

"Let go!" she cried, "Canit you see Iim desperate."

I wasnit having any of it. I forced her to walk into the lounge and made her tug her panties back up. Then I made her sit on the couch before sitting next to her and putted my arm around her so she couldnit escape.

"Please let me go," she said "Iim in agony!"

I kissed her on the cheek. Breathing hotly down her neck. Before long she responded and our lips met forcefully. She kept one hand pressed against her crotch while the other sneaked beneath her skirt to her sopping pussy. I moved my hand to her breast and began tweaking a nipple, "Do you like that?" I asked.

"Yes!" She gasped after a moment. I guessed she was ready to do anything I said now just to get inside that loo. I squeezed her tits through her top, "Is that good?" I said

"Oh yeees!" she murmured, locking her thighs together.

She started bouncing her knees up and down and the hand underneath her skirt was now frantically squeezing at her pussy. I reached inside her top and squeezed both tits one after the other, glad she wasnit wearing a bra. "Is that nice?" I said.

"Uh huh, wonderful!" she gasped. I squeezed more forcefully and she moaned outloud as we kissed.

Suddenly I pulled my hand away, "Go get us a couple of beers from the fridge." I said. She looked startled as if waking up from a wonderful fantasy. She stood up, "Can I pee first?" she begged.

"Not yet" I said.

Reluctantly she started towards the kitchen, leaning forward slightly with that one hand still pressed against her crotch. I could see her as she reached the fridge. She opened the door and stood looking for the beer. She was shifting her weight from one foot to another. I could hear her breathing heavy as she stooped to pick up two cans. She kicked the fridge door shut and came back into the lounge area. She handed me both beers looking longingly back towards the bathroom. I pulled the tab on one can and made her sit next to me again.

I handed her the beer and told her to drink up. She took a hesitant sip. "Iim not going to let you pee until youive finished that one beer." I said. She took a few more healthy slurps while I resumed fondling her. She now had her legs tightly crossed. I reached a hand to her thighs and asked her if she liked it as I teasingly travelled towards her knickers, "Normally yes," she said, "but I really am soooo desperate to pee! Please let me! Please!"

"Just tell me if you like it" I said. My hands soon got to work on her and she finally moaned, "Yeah, I like it."

I slid my hand the rest of the way to her crotch and started pressing against her pussy through her white panties, "Is that good?" I said, "MmmmmOpress harder." She replied, beginning to get really afraid that she would pee herself. I ran my hand up to her tummy and noticed that her bladder was noticeably even fuller than before. I gently stroked my fingers along the surface and she moaned and squirmed. The slightest pressure from my hand was now excruciating to her. Then she suddenly pulled away and shouted in a frantic tone, "Please let me go! Iive got to go now, really, I absolutely have to go NOW!!"

"Just one more minute. "I said, "Finish your beer, then I want to see you undress, then you can go"

She drained the rest of her beer and stood in front of me, jiggling frantically the whole time. She flung off her top revealing soft rounded breasts with extremely pert nipples. Then she kicked off her shoes and reached round for the zip on her skirt. She started pacing up and down the room and had to pause now and then to give herself a good hard squeeze.

Once down to just her knickers I made her stand in front of me so I could examine her. Her knickers were incredible dry given the now massive visible swelling of her bursting bladder. She was stood with both fists clenched at her side, still hopping from one foot to the other, "Gotta peeOgotta pee!!" she kept mumbling but still she somehow hung on. Suddenly she bent forward really quick and both hands fell to her lap. Her legs twisted together and a look of intense concentration spread over her face.

A few seconds later she removed her hands to reveal quite a large wet patch across the front of her knickers, but not enough to trickle down her legs. "You bad, bad girl!" I said, "Iim sorry," she replied almost whimpering and contorting her legs again, "I canit help it." Another squirt escaped her and I order her to cut it out, now. I waited until sheid regained control,

"Youire going to have to stay here now until Iim convinced youire a good girl." I instructed. Her bladder I knew would still be extremely full. The few trickles that had escaped wouldnit have gone far to easing her desperate need. I made her sit down again, still in her wet knickers. Then I opened the other can of beer. I took a few sips and then handed the rest to her, telling her to drink up to make up for her spillage. She looked at me in horror. Her bladder was so full now she was in constant pain and she couldnit bear the thought of any more liquid going in there. None the less I was insistent and reluctantly she downed it in two or three hard gulps.

"Iive been good now. "she said, "Youive got to let me go now, PLEASE!" She begged, praying to be allowed before the effects of that last beer hit. She was clutching herself constantly and twisting her things in agony. I made her wait another five minutes until at last I took sympathy with her and allowed her to go to the bathroom on condition I came too and that we somehow measured the contents of her bladder. She didnit argue. "Anything!" she said, "Just please let me go. I donit know if Iim about to cum or pee!" I quickly raced into the kitchen and found a pot for her to piss in.

Then we went inside and I watched as she turned with her back to the loo, peeled down her sodden panties and squatted, naked on the floor just above the pee pot. This was what I had dreamed of ever since I had known her, she crouching, desperate to piss with my right there watching her go. For quite a while nothing happened and then she was only able to force out a few dribbles, eventually it became a trickle and finally a forceful gush. So forceful I had to hold the pot for her. As the pot neared full I had to warn her to slow or stop if she could. She managed to stop and I threw the contents away before she filled it for a second time.

With the agonising pressure in her bladder now lessening she was able to pee better until we got to the end. Then she managed to force out every last drop she could. She had filled three and a bit of the containers which I later measured at 1.82 litres, just a fraction over three pints. After sheid finished we went upstairs and made love. She confessed to finding most of her situation a good turn on, but she said next time was my turn to suffer! Personally I canit wait!

