He couldn't believe it. It was Halloween night and there he stood in a stupid devil costume with the horns and plastic trident. He looked at himself in the mirror and thought how ridiculous it must look for a 20 year old guy to be trick or treating, but his girlfriend, Melody, loved to do it every year, even though she's 21. And just as she was thinking about her, there she walked in, wearing her very appealing fairy outfit: shiny blue skirt with purple spandex on underneath (after all, it is cold outside!) and a white spaghetti strap top barely holding in her beautiful 34 Cs covered with a small, yet warm pink jacket in which her lovely blonde hair fell down to her breasts even though it was held back by a sparkly blue tiara. He looked her up and down knowing what would happen later that night for her dragging him out like this.
"Come on, Jake!" she said anxiously. "They're already starting! We're gonna get the yucky candy!"
He barely had time to grab sodas for the 2 of them before she dragged him out the door. Good thing he did, because her soda was gone before the 10th house and he was still sipping on his.
"You shouldn't drink that fast," he warned.
"But I'm just so thirsty!" she complained. "I need another drink, but something warm." So they quickly popped inside a convenience store where she got a 32 oz. cappuccino.
As they paid, the cashier looked at him and said, "Aren't you too old to trick or treat?" He just gave her a smirk and they walked out.
Later on, as they stepped down off a porch, she threw her cup in a trashcan.
"How long have we been trick or treating?" Jake asked.
"I'm not sure," Melody answered. "Half hour? I know my bag's not even half full."
"Look how much you drank already!"
"Don't worry about me, I'm fine. Unless of course I don't get more candy!" Happily she ran toward the next house with him trailing behind, looking at the little kids wearing the same exact costume as him. Then, an idea struck him. She embarrassed him this whole night, so why not pay the piper?
'She already drank 52 ounces of fluid,' he thought to himself. 'Maybe if I can get her to drink more and keep her away from places with restrooms, I can get her to wet herself and even up the score. I have to be subtle about it, since she knows I'm trying to keep her from drinking too much.' When he finally caught up to her, he noticed her shifting her legs a little often and she admitted she was thirsty again.
"You really shouldn't, but let's go get you a drink." He took another sip from his original soda, which wasn't even half empty. They got to a grocery store, which was just about to close and slipped inside. She went to grab a 1–liter soda, but he stopped her.
"The two–liter is fifteen cents less," he said. "Just get that."
"But I don't want to carry it around," she complained.
"I'll carry it for you." So with that, they got the soda for her and left, once again he had a smirk on his face. After watching her down half the bottle, he looked at his watch and realized that they had only been out for an hour and a half and she was shifting her legs quite constantly. She started to walk slower instead of skipping or running happily like she had been and he had subtly detoured her to the slums of the town where there were no public restrooms around.
After a few more minutes, she stopped and clenched between her legs, closing them tightly.
"What's wrong?" he asked.
"I need to use the bathroom," she whispered to him.
"Honey, you know there's no bathrooms around here you can use. Go squat in a bush."
"But people will see me! No!" And after a few seconds, Melody regained her composure and they continued on from door to door. As they continued on, he noticed her getting more frantic and shifting her legs a lot. Finally, after about the 12th house since that incident, she had to stop again and grab herself, bending over and clutching.
"I don't think I can make it to a bathroom," Melody admitted.
"You have to try, honey," he said, though he was smiling on the inside. Even with her desperation, she still drank half of what was left in the bottle, leaving a quarter of it. It made her even happier when she said she was thirsty. Of course, he tried to "fight" her and not let her have anymore, but she "won" and finished off the bottle. They were walking down the street, now skipping houses, and he knew they were only about another 15 minutes from a public restroom and that he might not get what he wanted; when suddenly she stopped and froze up. He looked down and she noticed her thighs squeezed tightly together.
"Why'd you stop?" Jake asked.
"Because...I...can't...hold it!" she said, almost crying. "I just leaked into my panties!" She spread her legs and lifted her skirt. Sure enough, there was a small wet spot between her legs. He smiled to himself while holding her and she was almost crying.
"I'm not gonna make it," she admitted. He was holding her and her legs were squeezed tightly with her hand between her legs. He was smiling until he felt a tear touch his arm. He pulled her away and looked at her...she was red faced and crying. Now he started to feel bad...he didn't mean to make her cry.
'Maybe I should blow it all and tell her that I planned it and apologize?' he thought. 'No, I can't! She won't forgive me!'
"Can you walk?" he asked. He looked around and was glad there were only 2 or 3 people walking around the street.
"No," she said. "It's too painful and I have to stop every 2 or 3 steps to hold myself." He looked around and there were no bushes now...just houses side by side each other, no lawns even. She was still crying as he was holding her and couldn't believe how selfish he was, not even thinking that this could happen.
"I'm going to wet myself," she said. "It's so hard to hold it."
"How about if I picked you up and carried you?" he offered, though he knew even if he ran, it would take 10 minutes and doubted she could hold on.
"No," she cried harder. "I know that I can't hold it long enough." She squeezed her legs together even tighter to stop a spasm, but some leaked out anyways. "I give up." She pushed away from him and stood there wiping the tears off her face as he watched. At first he heard a loud hissing sound. Then he saw sprinkles of it splashing out from under her skirt and hitting the ground and then finally saw it started to spread down the inside of both legs of her spandex, climbing down, slowly at first, but then faster. He watched it reach her ankles and start dripping into her sneakers. She looked up at him when she was finished and felt around. Her ass was wet, her legs were wet, her socks were soaked, and she was standing in her own puddle.
"I'm sorry, it's all my fault," he admitted. "I was so embarrassed to be in this stupid costume that I thought I'd get back at you by making you wet yourself, but I didn't mean to make you cry like that!"
"You?!" she questioned. "It was all your doing?!"
"Yes...I'm so sorry..." She walked up to him and put her finger on his lips and leaned up to his ear.
"Do you have any idea how good this feels?" she whispered to him. "I'm so fucking horny right now!" She stood away and he looked at her in disbelief. She smiled at him and giggled a bit, looking around the streets.
"So you want to go home and fuck?"
"Why wait that long? There's nobody around...all the trick or treaters are inside already." And with that, she dropped her skirt right in front of him, leaving on her soaked spandex. "But if you want it, since you caused it, you get to take them off...with your teeth." She stood there, legs spread, and he got down on his knees. At first he was disgusted by the thought of it, but as the smell of her urine invaded his nostrils, he found he was in fact quite turned on by it now. He took the spandex into his mouth, making sure his tongue got to lick the wet part without her knowing, and tore them down, followed by her stained pink cotton panties. She started rubbing the top of her aching pussy as he pulled down his stupid devil pants and boxers and rammed his throbbing cock into her. She moaned in such pleasure as her clit got soaking wet from a combination of her piss and being horny. Her hands grabbed his head through his thick hair and forced his mouth onto her hard nipple. He grabbed her tit with one hand and sucked on it hard, as his other hand pressed against the sidewalk so he wouldn't lose his balance. She threw her head back and screamed in pleasure. She rubbed her clitty hard at the peak of her climax; and just as her climax ended, he blasted a load of hot cum into her, and kissed her hard as he groaned into her mouth. She kicked off her sneakers and took off her wet socks, spandex, and panties, then put her sneakers back on.
"It's too cold to wear them on the way home," she said. "They're soaked."
"So you'd rather walk home naked?" he questioned.
"Well, remember how you offered to carry me?" She jumped into his arms. "Make sure you keep my legs warm." She cuddled up against him and he could feel himself getting another boner, half from the fact that she wasn't wearing panties under her short skirt and he could smell that her pussy was still wet and half that he knew they'd be fucking all night long.
By: Amoeba