This story is based on real facts. (Everything related in it its true and happened some time ago).
On a fine sunny Friday of late May, my ex girlfriend and I decided to go on a trip to the mountains, just the two of us. (It was actually planned to make things work better between us.)
So on that Friday afternoon we went to the station and we took the train to Brasov situated 140 Kilometers from our city. From there we took a bus to the resort where we were going.
We arrived at about 6:00 pm, and we took out a room in a villa. Things were going really well. After settling down we went down to a club to spend our first evening. (This was at about 8:30 pm)
My girlfriend, Maria, was dressed in a nice pair of light blue jeans that were really tight on her butt and pussy– I could actually notice the shape of her pussy, and a nice black sweater. She looked amazing, and I felt like I was falling in love in her for the 2nd time.
We started talking about school matters, friends, and music while drinking a few beers. At the beginning she only wanted to drink cola, so she had 2 bottles of half–liter cola. By this time, I was at my 3rd beer, and she joined me in drinking beer after that. So by the time of eleven or eleven fifteen, we got a little dizzy from all the beer, I had drank six or seven and she had at least four or five, after finishing the cokes. I was at the bathroom 2 or 3 times but she had only been once, noticing that the bathroom was filthy. She was right. The bathrooms looked disgusting.
We had a great time, and after a couple of more beers we decided to go back to the villa. It was already 12:30 and we were quite dizzy from the beer, both of us.
When we arrived at the villa we went straight to bed. We started to make love. It was just great. I felt really good. Then we fell asleep. But it did not last long before I noticed that Maria was feeling uncomfortable. I thought she might be sick from all the beer, but she told me that she had to go to the bathroom, but she was lazy, so would try to hold it until the morning.
But after a while I noticed her movements again, and I saw her rubbing her pussy. Then she told me "Please hold me in your arms, I have to go badly but I feel too lazy to get up."
So I held her in my arms and I started rubbing her. Then she asked me, "What would you think of me if I had an accident right here?"
"Don't be a child," I said while rubbing her. Then I said, " Come on, I'll go with you to the bathroom."
"Okay" she said, "wait for me to put on my jeans. And this turned out to be her greatest mistake. The jeans were too tight for her bladder, and after we walked a few steps she stopped and she looked to me with wet eyes and said, "I cannot hold it anymore." By the time she finished her sentence, I noticed a dark spot coming out from her crotch, spreading all over her feet and I heard her pee hissing. Her liquid ran down her feet, into her sneakers, and made a considerable puddle on the carpet. She looked at me with big wet eyes and I just said: "It's alright. Accidents happen every day." After that, we went back to our room and went to sleep. In the morning she confessed to me that wetting herself right there, feeling the warmth of her pee on her ass, and pressing her pussy with her finger turned her on so much that she had actually had an orgasm right there. I, in turn, confessed to her that I actually enjoyed what I saw, and that I would love to see her do it again. We repeated it the next night in bed!
Maybe I'll write down that story, as well.
She was the first person who made me discover that I love women who are desperate to pee.
After her accidental wetting from the other story, my ex–girlfriend Maria repeated it a couple of times. I repeatedly told her that seeing her have an accident really turns me on.
Once we went to a party at her best friend Nina's house. She had a birthday or something... I can't remember exactly. Maria told me right at the beginning that she was planning on having an accident after we left because she wanted me to make love to her. We danced together, talked with Nina about college, and in other words had a great time.
I noticed Maria going to the bathroom a couple of times but I just said to myself that "the night is long, and she doesn't want to have an accident right here."
I can't remember how many beers I had. I talked to many old friends and just plain lost count. But I did notice that my Maria had a few more beers. I was very excited knowing that she was planning to have an accident just for me. When I talked about this with her at the party and she whispered to me "you are just going to have to wait to see me get wet, you naughty boy!"
The party was a dinner party that started around four in the afternoon and ended around nine or ten, but I think we left earlier.
After we left for home, Maria told me "let's take a walk in the park. I like to watch the stars." She pretended that nothing would happen, but I knew all about her game. So we took a walk in the park, watching the stars, talking, kissing, and it was a perfect romantic walk. But after a half an hour it turned into a "disaster." Her bladder was giving the first signs of alarm. She said: "Okay, it's starting..." We continued walking in the park for another half an hour when her bladder gave the last warning. "Okay, I am going to let it flow so pay attention."
She bent over like she desperately wanted to hold herself but she didn't make it. I started to hear her pee hissing while flowing down her legs, spreading on her nice tight blue jeans. When I saw her blushing I knew that she must have had another orgasm. Then I went to her and started to rub her hot wet pussy. She looked really nice and I looked forward to going home and having a very nice private party, you know what I mean.
This was a year ago last summer, now we aren't together anymore. I really miss her accidents.
Simon