I'm Lori, and I guess a few of you out there have liked hearing about certain things I do when I'm by myself and I get a thrill telling about it. I do have a "session," as I call them, that I'll describe. It's about doing it in these tight–as–skin jean cutoffs. I'll tell how I pissed in them on purpose then squirmed myself against all the hot naughtiness until I came.
You anxious boys (and girls too, I hope) that can't abide a touch of foreshadowing and background to illuminate and color this magical thing that makes us all interested in reading this stuff – you can click this narrative down, and get right to the description of my act. But I want to describe a little bit why I do what I do...I think it might make it even better.
You men... listen: my pussy feels things your cock never will. Listen, darlings, and I'll tell.
If you haven't read what I've posted previously, I'll just say that I have this NEED sometimes that's a little perverse. To be blunt, I am driven with a desire to wet myself deliberately to achieve a private kind of sexual gratification. I do it because it feels really, really good– so good that I can't imagine ever stopping. It is secret indulgence that I save for myself. I'm a young woman, pretty I'm told, in college – and this thing I love to do is so ingrained and part of me that I just accept it. To be honest, I like needing it, because when I do it I feel strangely fulfilled. It is a kink, I'll admit, deeply set, and now a part of my womanhood. It has become a compulsion. I've been peeing my pants to satisfy this inner craving since I was around thirteen years old. How it first started, I can't remember. Sometime, when I began to find how nice it was to touch myself down there, I maybe had a little accident. Maybe I connected the warm wet spot in my underwear with the new discovery of what I could do with my pussy. I was sure I'd grow out of it. My mother wondered about missing underwear; I'd wet in them and felt guilty and dirty and thrown them away, sure that I'd never be like this again. But the need was there and I couldn't stop it. I had to be sneaky. Well, I would sometimes steal pairs from girlfriends and do it in them. This might be why I still like to put on Dandy's (she's my roommate) when I need to go in things. But the association has never left, and has become so strong that it burns in me. I have such a hunger to pee in my pants sometimes that it is the only thing I can think about until I can find a way to do it. And oh, I find many, many fun ways to do it. Ever since I knew how my girl parts could make me feel, this has been my secret thing that my subconscious somehow wants me to do. Don't get me wrong. I've been with men, and even a couple women, and I like it. I'm attractive. I date. I fuck. But somehow when I do my wetting, all by myself, I get this turn on that is overwhelming. Unless my libido disappears completely, I am resigned to the fact that I will be secretly peeing myself for pleasure even when I'm a little old lady.
Now I'll tell about what I did. The need came and I had to do my private naughtiness or be driven wild with the lust for it. The act itself is what satisfies my urges, and as I said, I like to vary the ways I do my nastiness. (Oh, you wouldn't believe all the naughty things I've done over the years.) I thought about my fantasies, and my clothes and underthings and makeup and costumes that I use to enhance the experience. But as much as I sometimes love the making preparations, and the anticipation, this time I felt immediacy and wanted to do it without fuss or mess. What I needed was to just do it soon. I pulled off my slacks and stripped off the pair of teal underwear. They didn't fit in the play today. I dug in my drawer and found exactly what I knew would satisfy my urgency. First I pulled on a pair of old, cotton panties, with faded flowers printed on them. I wanted them next to my vagina. I wanted them to pee in. Did you know that I am completely bare between my legs? I have kept myself shaved there for several years now. Nobody knows the real reason. It's because of my fetish, and the way it makes me feel young and girly. Psychologically, this must be something all bound up in my cravings, but I don't know. All I do know is that it makes it feel better this way. It makes me all slicker and I feel so soft and foldy and mushy. I'm so sensitive between my legs when I push and diddle my pissed–in underwear against my slit, when I put on my shorts, these jeans, cutoffs, that fit me so tight that they are like painted on. They fit so well and mesh so close that they even outline around my labial folds. These are favorite shorts of mine– very sexy, very short. Oh so fine to wet.
(Now words that I don't even like spilled into my mind.) 
I'm going to do it now. I look down, between my legs and see how the denim of my jeans is so tight that the lips are outlined. My sex shows through my pants. It shows, and I'm going to piss all over it, and into in pants. I spread my legs wide and look. I'm going to do it. There is no waiting now, because I need to pee my pants. Oh god, here it comes right into my underwear. It is coming out. Jesus Christ, Lori, you bad girl, look at it. You are peeing in your pants. Look at that big wet splotch down there. Oh Lori, now you are making your cunt all messy with piss. You are wetting in your shorts; you are bad, bad...and look, it is getting all over you. Just think about how wet your panties are. I cross my legs tight, and pretend that I want to hold it, but I can't and it is still coming out in my pants and all around my twat. It feels good, good, good. Every time I move my legs together, my tight shorts press into me, and stimulate my clitoris. I don't even need to touch myself– I just need to squirm. Still, it is coming out into my pants and I watch as the wet spot gets bigger and spreads all over. My pussy is hot, really burning with my nasty perversion. I'm a pervert. I'm a bad woman who does awful things. Just look at how I've peed my pants. Just think about how wet and yellow and stinky my underwear is. Oh god, this makes me feel so good. The feeling between my legs is exquisite. I open and close them; cross them and wiggle. I wiggle my cunt against the tight jeans, against my pissy panties. What a nasty slut I am. What kind of girl would thrill in such filthy things? The kind that is going to squirm and moan and have an orgasm just looking at the wet she made between her legs. Lori, you are such a wicked girl. You have made the pee stain on your panties even bigger.
It feels so delicious and wet. I'm going to come. The feeling is building. Oh god, just look down there at what I've done. My pissed in panties are rubbing my pussy as I squirm around and it is going give me an orgasm. Here it is...I'm coming...so glorious, secret. I am going to climax....
And I do. But it is a little one, like sometimes we get as women. I peel down my shorts and leave them sopping in the tub and go out and lay on my bed. I look down at my soaked panties. I spread my legs wide and think: it's not enough. Won't someone right now come in and look at my near pleasure and fuck me? Come fuck me. Please come fuck me now.
Lori