The most daring I have ever been was in July of this year. It was a Sunday afternoon, chilly but crisp and clear. I was sitting on the balcony of my apartment, drinking beer with my new flat mate, Anna. We were chatting away comfortably when she mentioned the time she had wet herself after a university pub–crawl. I was instantly aroused, and tipsy enough to press her for more details. Anna was very obliging, in no way guessing that she had inadvertently stepped right into the territory of my secret passion. Then she turned it round, and asked me when I last had an accident. I couldn't tiptoe round the issue, for the beer had made me alarmingly honest. I felt myself go bright red, and Anna, realizing straight away that I was in hot water, started carrying on to receive an answer. So I told her the truth that only two weeks ago I pissed my pants after jogging round the royal gardens. I didn't tell her that I pissed them on purpose! Instead I said that I was totally desperate, and went to squat near some bushes, but as I was about to pull my pants down some schoolgirls walked past, so I just "went through my pants." Which was what basically happened anyway, except that I had planned the whole thing.
What happened next is hard to account for, if only because I was so aroused at the time that my recollection is both vivid and hazy at once. Anna had just finished her beer and said something like, "all this talk about pissing is making me need the toilet," words to that effect anyway.
I recall exactly what I said back– "It would be funny if you wet your pants." Then there was a strange silence, or it felt strange to me anyway. But she didn't move, and I didn't say anything. We just sat, two flat mates in the sun– full, a little tipsy, and for me at least, outrageously horny. My love for wetting myself tends to feed itself, like it gets empowered in the right conditions. If the seed is planted in my mind, and I feel horny, then sooner or later my knickers will be soaking. I remember trying to visualize a chance to do it later that night, and then wondering what would happen if I just confessed to Anna and peed on the spot. As soon as that thought entered my mind, I became a little intoxicated with the idea of pissing myself right there on the balcony. I felt my bladder stir alongside a massive heart flutter, and with my mind a little muddy after three beers; there weren't too many parts of me left in opposition to the idea. It all happened really quickly. I remember staring down at the sunlight reflecting off my ankles, then at the black cotton material of my leggings, and then I felt the familiar tingle of release in my groin. The trickle worked its way through my knickers, and suddenly we could both hear the distinct splash of my piss jetting through my black tights and onto the terracotta tiles. Anna's eyes were wide open with amazement as I peed without restraint.
She didn't say anything for the duration of my piss, and nor did I. We just sat there in the afternoon sun, watching the river of my urine flow without hindrance, and listening to the dulcet tone of it hitting the tiles and gather into a large puddle beneath me. When finally it abated, I felt a strange mixture of complete embarrassment, rich fulfillment and intense arousal. Anna was pretty cool, she said something a little offhand, to diffuse the situation, and I just jumped up and ran to the shower. In the privacy of the bathroom, the embarrassment dissipated, leaving an uncontrollable lust to get at myself. I often get horny, and often relieve such feelings, but rarely do I throb in pure aching desire. This time I was throbbing. I remember holding my pussy through my wet pants, rubbing frantically, and just not being able to satisfy myself. So I lie down in the bathtub, put my hand in my pants, and frigged myself almost violently. I was so hot that my orgasm was more like a natural extension of the present, rather than some place I had to reach. It took ages to calm down; even after the shower I remember fingering myself whilst drying. The whole experience was groundbreaking, if only because I have never before or since been that brazen.
By: Toby