A few months ago my friend Melinda had given me a cigarette lighter. When she gave it to me I didn't smoke, so I thought it was a little weird. I guess because it led me to my first cigarette, I was not complaining– just curious. Why would she give such an odd gift?
I got the answer today.
Yesterday, Melinda and I were at the picnic table at school. We were just talking and gossiping as usual. As she did everyday, she opened the secret pocket in her book bag and pulled out a cigarette. She walked down to the "smokers ditch" and puffed away. As always, I followed her. As usual I seemed out of place in the smokers ditch. All of the others were Punks and Heads, the few that were lucky to have somehow gotten into college. We were... nothing? We were from upper–middle class families. We both had both of our parents, not like the others in the ditch. I guess we were just lonely. After she lit–up, I asked her if I could have a drag.
She seemed puzzled, but anxious. She handed it to me and I inhaled. She expected me to choke, but I didn't. I smoked the rest of it and then asked her for another. She said that was all she had. I told her that she owed me a smoke, and we went to class.
After school, I met up with Melinda as usual. She immediately handed me a cigarette. We walked home and I smoked the whole thing. I noticed that as I inhaled she watched me. Her right hand was under her coat, deliberately out of sight. I kept smoking, and watching her hand. I think she is masturbating watching me smoke. She did it the whole way home.
When we got to my house, it was obvious that she was Horny! We went to the basement and I pulled out my cigarettes. I asked her if she wanted me to keep smoking. While still trying to keep her masturbation private, she said, "I don't care."
I took the opportunity and grabbed her. I put my hand in her panties and rubbed her. Her hand was still in front of her pussy, stroking it gently.
I gripped it forcefully and gave her my ultimatum. She had "gotten off" watching me smoke, so it was her turn to get me off.
I grabbed her other hand and put it in my panties. She took her hand off of her pussy for just a second. She opened her secret pocket and got another cigarette. She put it in her mouth, put her right hand back on her pussy, and her left on mine.
I wanted to tell her that smoking was not what turned me on, but she seemed so intent in getting the both of us off while smoking that I did not stop her.
As she rubbed us both, she orgasmed in my hand; which let me know that this was my best chance. I leaned forward and whispered into her ear. I reminded her that she "owed" me. Still in climax, she said, "Whatever you want."
With her pussy still in my hand I told her that my fantasy was not the same as hers. She asked what I wanted her to do. I hesitated. She then said "after what you just did for me, I will do ANYTHING for you."
Still rubbing her pussy, I whispered, "Pee in your panties."
This was obviously a shock to her because she tensed up quickly. But, I had her pussy (literally) in my hand so she soon relaxed. I kept rubbing her pussy, and then I leaned in and whispered in her ear. "Pee your panties for me!"
She said "ok." Those were words I have been dreaming for years now.
She threw me back onto the old leather chair. She jumped on my lap and began to grind my pussy against hers. I had on pink silk panties, and she had on white cotton panties. She told me to get ready and arched her back, putting her pussy right in the middle of my stomach. I was so excited! She leaned back and relaxed, but at first nothing happened. She rubbed both of our pussies and I could tell that she was really trying. Her stomach was budging out and she was rubbing her clit, but nothing happened. I began to worry that she was not going to pee, so I began to kiss her neck. As I kissed, I whispered into her ear. "Pee baby pee, just let go and pee." She said that she was trying and I knew that she was. I told her "just relax. Stop trying so hard." I suggested that she get a cigarette and relax. I knew that smoking would relax her, and I would get a few puffs and would excite her. She reached into her book bag, still grinding on me, and got a smoke. We shared it. Every time I inhaled I felt her orgasm, just a little. About twenty seconds later, I felt my leg get warm. Melinda began to ride my leg like a horse, and then abruptly stopped. Moments later she had her panties in her palm, grasping as she peed. While still rubbing my pussy, she asked "Is that what you want?"
I said "YES, Pee baby pee." She did. With her panties on, she peed all over me. I felt the warm pee spread all over my legs and into my pink panties.
Then I kissed her on the lips. I told her that I had the best orgasm ever.
We both agreed to meet the next day at 8:00 in the morning. We would skip school and have all day to smoke and pee.
By: Susan Beach