Tina rushed into the bus station and threw her bags onto the floor while almost breathlessly she told the man behind the counter she needed a ticket for the bus going to Brisbane.She handed her money over quickly and glanced at the line on the bus. There was only one person having their ticket checked now. No time for her to use the bathroom in the station. Well there are toilets on the coach. I'll go when I get on, she thought to herself, grabbing her bags and walking towards the bus. She had her ticket checked and got onto the bus, taking a seat at the back. A very attractive guy about her age got onto the bus and sat down about 2 seats across from her, since it was the backseat which was a long one. He smiled at her and she smiled back. The bus got moving as Tina shoved her bags into the bag compartment, preparing to get up and use the toilet, since her bladder was making its protests known. She realized that to get to the toilet she'd have to climb over the cute guy. Deciding that it wasn't that bad, she could wait till she got off the bus, she settled into her seat and put on her walkman, and started making eyes at the guy. He winked at her, then grabbed his backpack and moved two seats down to sit beside her. She took off her headphones and he started a conversation. They talked for a while about what they did, where they were going etc… when the guy, Brian, took out a bottle of water and started sipping from it. Watching him sip and hearing the water slosh around made Tina's bladder feel even fuller. Deciding not to climb over him, Tina held on, while the conversation turned a little more personal, and it was clear they were attracted to each other. Brian leaned over and kissed her, his hands feeling for her waist, then bumped her stomach. She whimpered and leaned over, breaking the kiss, almost wetting herself. Luckily only a little teeny spurt escaped. Enough was enough. Climbing over a cute guy she was getting close with was less embarrassing than wetting herself in front of him. She had quite a bladderful as well. The night before, she'd been out drinking with her girlfriends, and had only been to the bathroom once when she got home, and a lot more drinks had been emptied into her bladder overnight. She'd overslept something awful, and had grabbed a breakfast replacement drink and jumped on the bus to the station. Being late she'd neglected to do anything but dress, grab her things, drink and run, and then she'd been too late to use the station toilet. She had to pee something awful, and was practically wetting herself. Tina started to stand up, immediately starting to loose it. She quickly sat back down and regained control. How was she to get to the bathroom if every time she stood up to get there she practically wet herself. She started to cry softly. Brian instantly asked what was wrong. Tina explained that she was so desperate to wee that when she moved, she wet herself and if she stayed sitting she'd loose it anyway. "What can I do?" she cried, a little spurt of pee soaking her panties. She gasped. "The loo is not very far away, if you get up and make a run for it you'll make it." Another spurt of pee escaped, starting a dribble, and against the consent of her muscles, the dribble turned into a flood. Hot piss flowed out of her and soaked the back of her skirt and the bus seat. Deciding to make a dash for the loo, to avoid flooding the bus she jumped up, piss flooding down her legs and tried to climb over Brian. Still desperately trying to stop the flow of piss she clambered over him, catching her leg on the seat separator and landing bum up across Brian's lap, still wetting herself and crying. She got up and bolted towards the toilet, only to find it occupied. She started sobbing, as more piss continued to flood out of her, cascading down her legs, and soaking her shoes and socks. She banged on the door in frustration that someone was relieving themselves while she was wetting herself outside the toilet door. Finally the door opened and a thirty something businessman was standing there watching her wet herself, standing in a puddle of piss sobbing. She shoved him out of the way with a glare and went in and sat down on the toilet, not even bothering to shut the door or take her knickers down she was so desperate. When she let go the flow increased dramatically. It hissed out of her, hitting the water with quite a force. She finally finished peeing and tried to make repairs by taking off her soaking panties and dumping them into the sink. Then she rung out her skirt and returned to her seat. Brian had copped a fair bit of her piss. It almost looked like he'd pissed himself, since she'd tripped and landed with her crotch about level with his. She apologized and practically ran off the bus the moment it stopped.
Sweet Panty Girl next Sweet Panty Girl story