Title: HAL

By: Frodo

The GX-70 was a marvel of alien and human engineering. Constructed by a secret Russian agency under the direction of three captives from a spaceship from Alpha Centauri, the GX-70 was a perfect, and obedient, replica of a human, with all the appropriate observable bodily functions. Clad in synthetic skin and flesh, it - he, since this was a male representation - could perform in every way like a human being. His positronic brain duplicated human thought, and a tiny plutonium power cell provided energy for all his activities. It would not expire for another fifteen hundred years.

This particular GX-70 was named Hal, after the computer from an old science fiction movie. Hal could eat, excrete, and even perform sex if his role demanded it. And his present job in the US Central Intelligence Agency would provide valuable information to his creators.

Hal was on his way to work on a rainy Friday morning. Somewhere ahead there had been an accident, and traffic was tied up for miles. He had scarcely moved 100 feet in the past 45 minutes.

He had breakfasted with a co-worker at a fast food place near his condo. This had required him to ingest a significant amount of eggs, bacon, toast, coffee and juice. His food processing unit silently formed the solid material into a replica of fecal matter, while the liquids were sent to a flexible storage bladder. The unit processed all this organic matter quickly and efficiently to prevent the formation of the noxious gasses of decay.

A silent internal alarm alerted Hal to the fact that the liquid storage had reached 90% of capacity. Ordinarily, he would have gone to release it, but there was no opportunity here. His programming strictly forbade soiling himself or his immediate surroundings, so he ignored the alarm.

Fifteen minutes later, he had progressed a mere two blocks, and an internal sensor warned that the liquid storage container was at 100% of its capacity and that the pressure was rising far beyond normal limits. Another sensor warned that the outlet valve was approaching its design tolerance.

Hal so rarely consumed organic food that he had little experience in disposing of the resulting waste products. Never had he been in a situation where prompt disposal was not possible.

The pump in Hal's food processing unit labored to force still more liquid into the straining container. Because of the importance of deactivating organic matter before it began to decay, there was no switch to halt the process, no way to shut down the pump that raised the pressure higher and higher.

Other sensors indicated the displacement of various internal components as the flexible container stretched to accommodate its load. Should the container burst, it would short out a vast array of circuitry and render Hal completely inactive.

Suddenly, there was a soundless, yet strident alarm indicating imminent failure of the outlet valve, which had not been designed to deal with such awesome force. With a flash of what Hal considered brilliant innovation, he inflated his outlet appendage and grasped it firmly to supplement the efforts of the failing valve. No liquid leaked out.

At about this time, the traffic began to move at last. Grasping his appendage with increasing force to hold the outlet closed, he drove with one hand to his office building.

Hal's social programming told him that it was not proper to squeeze that part of one's body in public, so with another burst of clever innovation, he placed one hand in his pocket and continued to hold his appendage with that hand, using his bionic strength to prevent leakage. He was sure that no observer would know that he had a problem and failed to notice the stares of the people he passed. In that way he entered the building, proceeded swiftly to the nearest men's room and entered a the privacy of a stall.

As he released the large quantity of fluid into the toilet, Hal noted that his powerful grip had damaged the synthetic flesh of the appendage, though it was not too obvious when deflated. It would have to be replaced at his next servicing. In the meanwhile, situations requiring the performance of the sex act should be avoided.

