The Shower
	Amber shares her long awaited first golden-shower.
Author: ScorchingFlame

Eric sipped his drink, watching her. Amber smiled coyly at him over the rim of her glass, laughing at something one of them had said. He had been enjoying their conversation, but his thoughts kept straying to how much she'd had to drink. Eric watched with interest as she dipped her fingers into the glass of her third cocktail, trapping a cube of ice against the edge of the glass. She wasn't necessarily the most beautiful woman in the world - but there was a light in her eyes that it was impossible to ignore. An impish undertone of mischief starred out of them just now - as she sucked the cube of ice into her mouth with a satisfying "pop."

The effects of alcohol had Amber feeling giddy as she reached into her glass for another cube of ice. She liked the way Eric was watching her. Though she might not know exactly what he had in mind - she had ideas. He had a crooked smile that offset his rough exterior. Her cheeks flushed slightly pink as she thought of other things she could do to make him smile. When he asked if she wanted another drink, she decided to throw caution to the wind, and nodded.

While waiting at the bar for Amber's fourth drink, Eric thought of how he would get her home. It wouldn't be difficult - their conversation had led him to believe she was expecting it and quite open to the idea. The problem wasn't really getting her home; it was how much of his imagination she could stand once she was there. He wasn't hoping for another night of the cookie-cutter sex that he could get anywhere. His secret wish was that Amber's non-traditional views applied to her sexuality as well. As he returned to the table with her drink - he thought he saw her slipping her left hand from beneath her skirt. She held up her hand as he started to sit down - and stood - chugging the drink he had brought for her. As she lowered the glass, she ran the back of her hand over her wet lips, and asked if he was ready for a change of scenery. Eric smiled to himself - easier even than he had hoped for.

Amber was floating on an alcohol induced feeling of detachment. Her senses felt heightened - especially those in her nether regions. In case Eric had any doubts as to what she had in mind, she rubbed her hand on his thigh as he drove. When he parked - she made sure to let her hand brush purposefully across his crotch.

His hand at her elbow to steady her, Eric led Amber into his apartment. He started to apologize for the mess as he opened the door, but Amber turned around and told him she wasn't there to see his apartment. The only way he could think to describe the look on her face was ... hunger. She looked hungry. He leaned down towards her, and was met with her lips, her teeth, and her warm tongue. She certainly didn't waste time.

Something about the taste of Eric's breath spurned Amber forward. She kissed him like a hungry animal, not worrying about what he thought. She let her teeth dig lightly into his firm lips, and slid her tongue over his, inviting him into her warm mouth. The soft, involuntary clenching feeling below her belly button taking over her senses - she slid a hand down his firm, toned leg ... dragging it back up as she approached his knee. Her fingers followed the muscular curve of his obliques, narrowly missing those areas she most wanted to touch.

Eric's hand, which had been resting on her shoulder as they kissed, followed a similar path downward. Between the arched crests he so wanted to touch, and over her firm but smooth belly, pausing to tease her belly button. He cupped the soft area below her navel, his left hand snaking around her lower back to pull her toward him, and she let out a soft whimper.

Amber pushed back against his advances, but her eyes did not convey annoyance. She cautioned him to be careful. He felt his own smirk as he asked her what he should be careful of.

"I think I need to pee" her soft, expressive eyes were gazing up into his, pleading with need. Eric smiled, and ran his hand with more force over the soft bulge beneath her navel. Amber shivered slightly as his tongue brushed against the outer curve of her ear ... and she gasped as he paused to lightly nip her ear lobe. As he applied more pressure to her abdomen, she insisted once more that she couldn't take anymore; she was going to have to excuse herself to the restroom. He brought his lips close to her ear, and in a low growling undertone, responded "I'd like to join you."

Amber had always wondered what it would be like, to feel someone's warm piss as it was released from their body. She had never told anyone, but she enjoyed feeling herself piss. One of her favorite things was to stand in the shower with the water turned off, peeing on her hands, and letting it run in warm rivulets down her legs to puddle at her feet. She knew Eric was more open minded than many of the men she had been with - was it possible that she was finally going to get to experience something she had thought about for so long?

Eric watched Amber's expression change from surprised to impishly pleased. She had decided to play this out to the fullest. If it was too much for him at some point, so be it. If he wanted to see her piss, she wanted him to REALLY see her piss. As they entered his small bathroom, she angled for the shower rather than the toilet. "If we're going to do this, let's really do it" she smiled at Eric and pulled her shirt over her head. Eric decided that even if she was a little tipsy, he was glad she'd had so much to drink - and had eaten so much ice. She pulled at his shirt, helping him get undressed. The tangle of clothing impeding their progress, Amber felt that she was about to loose it right there on his bathroom floor.

They finally stepped naked into his shower together. "Hurry!" Amber giggled as he closed the plastic shower curtain. Eric was quickly in front of her on his knees. She wasn't really into domination, but something about seeing him in that position was nice tonight. With one leg supported on the side of the shower, she placed her left hand on the back of his head, and used the fingers of her right hand to spread the velvety lips of her pussy. Amber gasped as the first spray of urine leapt from between her fingers and flowed into Eric's upturned palm.

Eric moved his hand, replacing it with his mouth. The taste of her excited him. The feel of her hot urine running down his chin and onto his chest caused his cock to pulse with excitement. He moved his head down, letting it splash into his hair - completely covering himself in her warm scent. He leaned forward to lick at her dripping pussy as her stream faltered, then faded to a trickle as her bladder emptied. He groaned at the taste of her, and looked up. The breathless and excited look on her face was priceless. A fire flashed in her eyes as she tightened the hand on his head, and tugged him upward by the hair.

Moaning as she tasted herself on his lips, his tongue, and his face - Amber hungrily kissed Eric. One hand was still clutching his hair, the other was wrapped under his arm and snaked up his back, scraping her nails along the ridges of muscle lurking under his skin. She rubbed her breasts against his wet chest, imagining the glistening beads of her piss clinging to his chest hair, now trapped between their bodies. She moved the hand from his head down over the dampness covering his neck, his shoulder, his side ... lower ... on the insides of his thighs ... slowly lowering herself ... her body pressed against his.

She grasped his ass, her arm lightly brushing against his testicles ... and slowly dragged her hand forward ... pressing against him ... pausing to cup his balls in her hand ... her breasts now cradling his cock. Amber moved even lower, her nipples rubbing against his thighs, until she could get her mouth on him. She closed her eyes and groaned in delight as she sucked his cock into her mouth, her tongue dancing wetly along the sensitive underside.

Eric involuntarily grasped the back of Amber's head, closing his eyes and leaning his head back. He looked down, watching her lips move up and down the rigid column of flesh. She opened her eyes and looked up at him, and slid slowly back, her mouth staying half open as his cock left it ... a thin string of pre-cum stretched between her lower lip and the tip. Her expression was very serious, and she cupped her breasts in both hands, lifting them up "Is it my turn now?"

Amber waited patiently, watching him, waiting for the warm stream of piss to be released from his cock. Her breathing was deep and ragged with anticipation. A moan parted her lips when the first warm spray splashed onto her breasts. She leaned her head back, reveling in the feeling of it running down her chest, stomach, and thighs. Placing her hands in the growing pool at the bottom of the tub, she moved her face lower, letting it rush into her mouth and run over her chin and down her neck. She mewled disappointedly as the stream dwindled, and licked the last clinging drop from his head when it stopped.

Eric grabbed her hair and pulled her up, eliciting a smile and a throaty laugh from Amber. He ground into her with his lips, his teeth, and his body. She moaned lustfully, returning the kiss with equal fervor. Their teeth bumped in their zeal, which seemed to excited Amber even more. Eric grabbed Amber by the hair again ... "Let's go to the bed." She smiled and groaned appreciatively, letting him lead her from the shower.
