Title: The Photo Shoot

By: JOR

Saturday night and I was sitting at home alone about to watch "Blade Runner" on the evening movie when the phone rang. It was the agency rep Tony. He had some great news for me. A new client had seen my pictures and decided that I was the perfect model their new line of shopping mall ads. Then he told me where the shoot would be.

"On the 24th floor of a construction site!?" I asked in disbelief.

"You bet!" he responded. "It's a new concept in shopping. Two hundred stores in the mall, but stacked one on top of another. The ads are gonna tease the public. The campaign will lead up to the grand opening. The first few are something like 'We're going to get better' or some shit like that. Next they'll say 'Walls make the difference' or something until they announce 'Come on in!' Four or five sets of ads: billboards, magazines, newspapers. And you are there from beginning to end Patti darling."

"Is it safe?"

"Sure. They've just finished pouring the concrete for the floors. No danger at all."

"When is the shoot?"

"The first one is this Monday. What do you say Patti?"

"How much does it pay?"

"250 for each publication and 40 an hour for the shoots."

Despite my incredible fear of heights, I accepted the job because it was steady money for the next few years, and then... Who knows what that kind of exposure can do for a career. I was so ecstatic, I called up my friend Charlie to tell her the good news.

"Fabulous! We should go out and celebrate." she beamed.

"But my favourite movie is on TV tonight, can we make it tomorrow?"

*** Charlie and I always celebrated at the same place, The Mystique pub. It wasn't a particularly nice place, but on weekends the beer and liquor were cheap. This particular night, there was something odd going on. The Mystique was rammed full of people. It turns out that the owner's son was celebrating his birthday and had invited all of his friends, co-workers and acquaintances to the pub to get loaded.

"Do you want to go somewhere else?" Charlie asked me.

"Not really. The more the merrier" I chuckled.

After a few beers, the urge to pee struck me so I stood up and staggered over to the stairs leading down to the ladies room. The lineup for the toilets was kind of long but I wasn't that desperate yet so I turned around and sat back down next to Charlie. "That was quick." she stated, surprised.

"The line was too long. I'll wait until it trickles down." I giggled as I thought about the horrible pun.

I ordered another beer and started to dance around the room to the juke box. I quickly forgot about the ladies room as some handsome gentlemen got up to dance with me. Most were too drunk to even give a second thought, but there was this one... He was stunning. Tall, maybe six four, short hair and muscular. He stood out from the rest as he wasn't fawning all over the girls in the room. He just sat quietly drinking his clear liquor and watching.

Soon after the song ended, my bladder reminded me that a visit to the ladies room might be a good idea. I meandered my way across the room back to the stairs. To my horror, the lineup was longer than before. I walked past the line in hopes that these women were lining up for free drinks or food or anything but the toilets. No such luck. I was about to turn around and go back to tell Charlie we're leaving when HE walked down the stairs.

"Hey," his voice was deep and rich. "I'm John."

"Hi John," I smiled "I'm Patti. Sorry I'm not more sociable but I need to go to the bathroom very badly."

"Looks like you need to go to the bathroom very well"

I laughed but suddenly stopped when I thought that I'd leaked into my panties.

"Oh my!" I shrieked as I thrust my hand toward the crotch of my black stretch pants.

"Come on." John demanded as he grabbed my hand and led me through a door.

I was so frazzled that I didn't even notice where he was taking me. When I next looked up, I was so startled I went speechless. URINALS! I was in the men's room! John had taken me into the seldom crowded men's room and was checking the stalls for something. He turned around at the final one and said quietly, "No paper."

I didn't care anymore and bolted into a vacant stall, ripping down my pants and underwear (without regard for who might see) as I ran.

The torrent of pee was surprisingly short for the degree of desperation that had arisen. As the relief of having peed passed, I realized that I now had to figure out how to get out of here. Just as I was realizing my dilemma, I heard that oh, so soothing deep voice.

"I got you some bar napkins so you can wipe yourself." John said from the outer doorway. "I'll pass them to your from under the stall." He walked over and his hand reached under holding the fistful of napkins. "Thank you." I sighed as I heard him walk away and out of the loo. I quickly cleaned myself up, flushed, and ran up the stairs after John.

Looking frantically around the room, I couldn't see him anywhere. Charlie was standing by the doors and waving me over. Weaving my way around drunks, I kept searching for John as I made the short trip over to Charlie.

"I think we should go." she said "You have an early day and need your beauty sleep."

I didn't want to leave without thanking John for his chivalry more personally, (perhaps with my phone number!) but by her body language, I could tell that Charlie needed to pee so I reluctantly agreed to leave. Just before leaving, I gave once last cursory glance around the room for my hero. To no avail.

After walking Charlie home from the pub, I took a cab home.

After a long night of drinking, my father always told me to drink lots of fluids to avoid dehydration the next day. So I knocked back the Litre and a half of Evian in the fridge before passing out on the couch.

The limo arrived to pick me up three hours before the start of the photo shoot, and two hours after my head hit the pillows.

"Sorry I'm late ma'am." the driver said. "I slept in."

"Then maybe I can get some sleep too." I grunted at him, trying to slam the door in his face

"The bosses tell me to get you there, I get you there." He protested as he forced open the door to my apartment. "Besides, you look ready to go anyway. You're dressed and awake- albeit barely on both counts."

It was just then that I realized that during my slumber, I had managed to remove my blouse and had answered the door wearing only my bikini top. I walked over to the couch and grabbed my blouse.

"Fine," I shrugged "Let's go then."

*** In the limo, there was a small fridge and a coffee maker. I asked the limo driver if I could have some coffee. After a second or two of silence, I heard a percolating noise from the direction of the coffee maker.

"Thanks" I smiled as I reached over to the fridge searching for cream.

Having made my coffee, I glanced over at the window to check my reflection.

"You look fine" said the driver.

"Keep your opinions to yourself, asshole" I mumbled under my breath.

"Tony. Call me Tony."

"So...Tony. How long until we get there?"

"Almost there now..."

"Patti."

"YOU'RE Patti!? The model?"

"What's that supposed to mean asshole?"

"Tony. I told you to call me Tony." the asshole chimed. "I just meant that I wasn't told who I was picking up, just who I was.... I mean I knew the address but I didn't know what relation you were to the production. We're here."

I looked out of the window. Indeed, the site looked safe and not that high. I breathed a sigh of relief. Tony pulled the limo around to a group of trailers and killed the ignition.

"There you go Patti, first stop- Makeup and wardrobe! Have a nice day" he added sarcastically.

I wandered out to the trailer and the door swung open. It was my agent, Phil.

"Come in Patti!" he shouted.

That was when I realized how hungover I really was. His voice echoed around inside my head as I climbed into the trailer. Instantly the girls inside were upon me. Guiding me into the chair and taking measurements and brushing my hair and...

"Here, drink this."

The voice came from over my shoulder as the clear plastic bottle was thrust into my field of view. I tipped it back without thinking and enjoyed the water as it cooled my throat and stomach. I thanked the anonymous voice silently in my head.

"Now take these."

The voice again, this time proffering some white tablets. This time I looked back to see who was speaking. It was a slim girl in a green dress. The makeup artist.

"You're in rough shape and it's my job to make you look good." she stated frankly "and I can't do that unless you feel good. These will get rid of your headache and clear up your red eyes."

I complied as the costumer arrived. She was holding a hanger with a white bikini draped off of it. At least I wasn't on my period! They asked if I thought it was too revealing. I'd done a few nude pictorials for some old boyfriends (that later surfaced on the web- the bastards) so I had no problem with showing off my trim body. The girls left the swimsuit on the counter along with a hardhat and work boots(for my safety). Everyone left except Phil.

"This isn't good Patti." he scolded me "showing up on your first day hungover. They could still replace you...At least until you sign this." He dropped the contracts on the table with his pen. "Now get changed and sign these and get over to the building."

"Yes Phil!" I saluted him as he stepped out of the trailer.

The white bikini contrasted nicely with my tan body. (The dark body makeup helped to accent this.) I was staring at myself in the mirror when I got the feeling that I was forgetting something...

BANG! BANG!

"Cameraman's ready! Let's go Patti!" Phil interrupted.

I walked along side Phil and the client. The client was a short oriental man who wore thick rimmed glasses. His English was immaculate to say the least. He reminded me of my first grade teacher.

"You're even more stunning in person Patti." he complimented.

"Thanks...Um..."

"Mr. Lee"

"Thank you Mr. Lee." I said correcting my posture instinctively, as if slouching would have led to a smack with a blackboard pointer.

We stepped onto the elevator and the gate closed with a loud clang. The elevator began its rapid ascent, creating a sinking feeling in my guts. 24th floor and I realized two things. First I noticed that this site was on a hill that made the building seem that much taller. Second, I became painfully aware that in my rude awakening and rushed departure, I hadn't yet peed today!

"Which way to the ladies room?" I asked, slightly embarrassed.

The men around me laughed and escorted me to the rail surrounding the edge. Phil pointed to the trailers and the porta-potties next to them. The gravity of the situation nearly destroyed my composure. I was about to ask to be brought back to the ground floor when I heard the lift go whirring off toward the ground.

"Where's the elevator gone?" I asked slightly panicked.

"The construction crews are still working on the lower floors and they need the lift." Mr. Lee answered. "Are you gonna be alright dear?" "Sure she will!" answered Phil. "Now come on, let's get going!"

The photographer spent a few minutes deciding which angle would offer the best light and background view of the city. Soon he was giving me instructions to lean and stretch. I temporarily forgot my pee plight and smiled for the camera. That was until he asked me to lean right against one of the steel girders.

"Eeeaaagh!" the shriek left my throat before I even realized what was going on. The frigid beams sent a renewed urgency message to my tightly wrapped pee-hole. I covered up my desperation with a giggle. What exactly I said is a blur because of what happened next. On the floor right above us, a loud piece of machinery suddenly went on, startling me again. This time I felt a wave of heat flood my belly. I looked down expecting to find a yellow patch on the bikini bottom. To my surprise, there was no mark at all!

"Will you shut that racket off!" the photographer yelled over the noise.

I turned my back to everyone present and grabbed at my crotch while doubling over in pain. The riveter above ceased his noise making and I was signaled that we were ready to continue.

"Can we stop for a potty break?" I begged "I can't possibly pose in this condition."

"The sky is clouding soon and the light will be all wrong... In short- now or never. Besides, just a few more rolls. Won't be five more minutes, you'll be fine Patti love" Phil was explaining.

The cameraman was getting frustrated with me and I definitely wanted to keep this job so I smiled back and said, "Okay, not a problem" as I struck a conservative pose with my knees together and fingers crossed over my crotch.

The final roll of shots was the most excruciating of the whole shoot. The photographer took out some props for me to use: A plastic jackhammer, a shovel and a wheelbarrow.

The first prop he had me use was the wheelbarrow. No problems there. Just stand behind it and lift. I could keep my knees locked together and apply pressure to my pussy from the outside. That should keep the internal pressure at bay.

Next was the shovel prop. For this he wanted me to place one foot on the shovel like I was digging. I thought this particular prop was silly 24 floors up but wasn't about to tell him for fear he'd argue with me. I could only smile and giggle to myself. That turned out to be a gross miscalculation.

"That's perfect," the photographer encouraged "Laugh some more."

"Great" I thought. I couldn't even smile anymore and this guy wants me to LAUGH? I flashed some fake smiles and frustrated the man again. He asked me to get the final prop from over near the elevator.

I walked rather slowly and focused on my task. "Don't pee. Get toy jackhammer. Smile. Get photographed. Get to toilet. Pee. Get paid." That was the order that kept repeating over and over in my head. As I bent over to pick up the prop, a wave of panic washed over me and I felt my bladder begin to give. I don't know what it was that stopped it. Maybe it was sheer determination or maybe it was too much pressure in my bladder, either way I managed to hold it all in.

I walked back to my mark and stood with the jackhammer directly in front of my legs.

"No, no, no!" the photographer exclaimed. "Spread your legs and squat a bit. Like it's running and vibrating. This is the last set, so make it perfect."

Taking a deep breath I did as requested (with a forced smile) and the last roll of film was used up. When Phil said, "That's a wrap!" I was darting toward the elevator and pushing the signal button frantically. In any other context I would have found it funny that the elevator took so long, but not here- not NOW!

"Not now. Not now. Not now." I was mumbling the whole time while waiting for the elevator. The men around me were leering and whispering to one another. The elevator cage went past us to the floor above. The riveter sure picked a great time to go on break. When the gate opened up I was greeted with a deep and oh, so soothing voice.

"Hi Patti."

My eyes shot up to meet the most stunning blue eyes I'd ever seen, and they were attached to John! I couldn't believe that this was exactly like last night's situation. I leaned over to John's ear.

"Help me get away from these guys and you'll get a surprise!" I whispered and smiled.

"Where do you want to go?" John inquired.

"Somewhere private and nearby- I'm in a hurry"

"My van is right outside the building will that do?"

"Perfect!"

The photographer, Phil and Mr. Lee kept their whispering up as the gate clanged shut and the cage began to descend. The downward movement caused my bladder to shift its contents rather suddenly and forced me to knead my fingers into my crotch. Oh how I wish I'd brought a robe or coat for the walk. I could have been more discreet but that was just hindsight. By the time the wave ended, the ride was over and the door slid open.

"I'll be right back!" I blurted as John pulled me off into the opposite direction of the other three men. We turned a corner and he opened the side door into a white van. He directed me inside and jumped in after me.

"I can guess why you needed to get away from those guys so I'll go make sure they don't follow" He explained. "I'll drive you to the bathrooms."

"Wait!" I stopped him, "What about your surprise!" I said as I kneaded at my cunt again, this time more alluringly.

"I thought you had to pee!"

"I do"

"Then we'd better get going"

"I'll never make it" I said as I took off the hardhat.

"Try"

"No, stop. Watch this."

He turned just in time to see me slide the bikini to one side and put the hardhat under my pussy. John's mouth gaped open as I pissed hard into the hat (how appropriate I thought). A low moan escaped my mouth. Partly from the great release of pressure and partly from the excitement of having this godlike stud watch me piss in such a wanton and earthy way. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sound of my pee splashing into rapidly filling helmet.

"Stop!" interrupted John "It's getting too full."

I tried to, but couldn't.

"Oh my god! I'm going spill pee into your van! I'm so sorry! I'm trying- It's just that I've been holding since last night and..."

John stopped my rambling, "Use my helmet" he suggested.

"This one's too heavy for me to lift with only one hand!"

"Let me help" and with that, he reached right through my stream of pee and took hold of the helmet, now almost full to the brim, and switched it with his own. As his hands went through my pee, he moaned quietly and tried to stifle a grin. He took a deep breath directly over the hot pee floating in the helmet in his hands before dumping it out the van window.

I finished pissing into the second helmet (only half of it full this time) and handed John the impromptu toilet. As he took it from me, I fell to my knees and wept. I heard him dump the liquid outside and then he came over to me and held me close.

"It's alright Patti. That was beautiful. Thank you"

