Trouble at the conference
	Posted on June 1, 2015
By George Private

Yu Ling was a young pretty Chinese reasearch student in geology, who was going to her first international scientific conference abroad.

She had come there the day before, and spent the night at her hotel. The morning the conference started, she took a local bus out to the university campus where the conference took place.

After registration, she went into the auditorium, where the conference started with some welcome speeches, a bit of practical information, and a talk by an invited speaker. Then, after an hour, it was time for a coffee break. Yu Ling went out with the others, drank coffee in the lobby, looked at some posters, and talked a bit shyly with a few of the other young participants. Then it was time to return back for the next session.

On her way back to the auditorium, Yu Ling realised she had not been to the toilet since early this morning when she woke up, and that she started to feel the need in her bladder. But it was a bit late now to turn back, against the stream of people, so she continued back to her seat in the middle of the auditorium. But as soon as the first speaker started, she regretted her decision, since she could feel the effect of the coffee filling up her bladder quite rapidly, and it was one and a half hours to the lunch break. She tried to concentrate on the talks, but it was getting increasingly difficult, as she felt the pressure in her bladder increasing. On the other hand, since she was sitting in the middle of a row, she felt she could not disturb the others by trying to get out in the middle of a talk. Even if she waited until one talk finished and before the next one started, it would be awkard and embarrassing, she felt. So she tried to hold out until the session finished.

It was not easy, with her bladder pressure increasing by the minute. The talks and discussions seemed to drag on forever, and she could not concentrate at all what they were about. All she could think about was how she should manage to get to a toilet fast enough once the session ended. When the final speaker before lunch started his talk, she was squirming in her seat, hoping the people next to her would not notice her troubles. She wanted to get out immediately, but it would feel so embarrassing, with only a few minutes left to the lunch break (or toilet break). And what if she peed her pants as she stood up! She was not sure if she was going to make it.

The discussion after the last talk seemed to drag on forever, but finally, a few minutes late, it was time for lunch (and toilet visit). Everybody stood up and started to move out. Yu Ling also manage to stand up without any leaking in her pants, although it was pretty close, and started to follow the others towards the doors. But it was very congested, everybody was moving very slowly, and she was at the back of the crowd, and by now had to go very badly to the toilet. But then she saw a back door at the other end of the auditorium, where only a few people were going out, headed there instead, and got out.

Luckily enough for Yu Ling, she almost immediately spotted a toilet sign around a corner along a corridor, and headed there. This was not the main toilet facility at the front lobby of the auditorium, but a much smaller facility. The ladies room only had two cubicles. To her big disappointment, both were occupied. Now, she was almost overflowing, but she had to wait. She waited and waited, squirming and pee dancing and her hand pressed between her legs. At least she was alone, so nobody could see her desperate state. But nobody was coming out, both seemed to be taking a very long time whatever they were doing inside their cubicles. Finally, Yu Ling had no choice but to rush into the mens’ room instead!

The mens’ room only had one cubicle with a proper toilet, plus one urinal. To her shock, also here the toilet cubicle was occupied. The only thing available was the urinal. She had no choice, she was about to pee her pants any moment now! She rushed to the porcelain urinal, and unzipped her jeans in the front. Then, standing in front of the urinal as close as possible to the porcelain bowl, almost above it, she tried to spread her legs as much as possible, and at the same time pull down her pants and underpants in the front as much as possible. It was not easy to do both things, and now she started leaking! Urine squirted out from her pee hole, partly into the urinal bowl, partly down into her pants. Then, she heard a man coming out from the toilet cubicle. It was one of the participants in the conference.

In desperation, Yu Ling tried to hold back her pee again, while pulling up her underpants and jeans again as if she was ready. But by now, she could not hold back the stream. Once it started, it was impossible to hold back the flood! Some went into the urinal in front of her, but most of it went into her underpants and spread down the legs and back side of her pants as huge dark wet patches, before starting to create a puddle on the floor between her legs. the man looked at the pretty embarrassed Chinese girl in front of him and said: “I think you should pull down your pants a bit more.”

