It was a snowy Saturday afternoon during Winter break after Ramona's first semester in college. Her roommates, with whom she had been good friends with since childhood, had all travelled back home for the holidays. Ramona would be left all alone in their vast apartment for three lonely weeks. On this particular day Ramona found her self parked in front of the television, reclining on the couch and enjoying her first real free time in months. Her peace was shortly interrupted by the twinge of nature calling her to empty her bladder. Ramona thought about getting up, but her favorite show was on. It could wait for now. But somewhere in the back of her mind the twinging of her bladder brought back memories of three weeks earlier in Business class when she had almost wet herself entirely. She remembered her need growing more desperate by the moment until she could no longer concentrate on the professor's droning. She could remember the intense desperation; how the pee kept rushing to the end of her hole and almost gushing over each time until finally her bladder had weakened and a squirt escaped. The relief had almost overpowered her muscles, but after a few seconds the flow was under control. For a moment remembrance overwhelmed her as the strange sexual arousal she felt at the instance of uncontrolled release returned to her again. To this day she wondered about it – was it the intense clitoral stimulation of her own urine pooling in her panties, or something more that caused her excitement that day? Her pussy tingled as a dirty little plot hatched in her mind. Ramona quickly stood and gathered several extra blankets and towels. She made a suitable pad and lay down to watch her programs until desperation would finally answer her questions.
It was several hours more before Ramona was full enough to be constantly aware of her own need. And as her bladder began to fill the fluttering in her chest and genitals brought her to new heights of sexual excitement. At times her pussy tingled as desperately as her bladder. Ramona finally gave in to the call between her legs. Sliding her hand beneath her pajama bottoms, she began to stroke her pussy. She slowly caressed her smooth, shorn labia. Ramona's clit soon began to swell from her gentle attention and her soft stroking stimulated it. Ramona's pace quickened. The more pressure she applied the more she needed to rub and the more desperate for a pee she became. By now her pee was racing towards the end of her pee hole. Each time she would hold it back at the last moment, until finally it happened: In the heat of passion she had temporarily forgotten to keep her muscles clamped down. As she furiously rubbed her clit a gusher of pee drenched her hand and groin. The instant relief of Ramona's desperate state combined with her self–gratification to grant her the most intense orgasm she had ever known. Pleasure rolled from her crotch to all ends of her body. Her toes tingled and the hair on the back of her neck stood up. And in this state of pure rapture all she could do was press her pussy into the padding and enjoy the intense pleasure of her emptying bladder. After what seemed like a full minute her stream subsided. For a while she sat in her piss–soaked padding, revelling in her newfound love of wetting. She still had three more weeks before her roommates got back, and as she gently ran circles around her clit Ramona began to think of new ways to enjoy her holly–jolly holiday.
By: P. Maximus