They had just enough time to make themselves decent before the waiter arrived to ask if there was anything they wanted. They ordered a second bottle of bubbly that they drank slowly; with Ian taking good care to see that Lucy drank most of it. When they left the club Lucy deliberately avoided going to the toilet even though she needed to go.They walked hand in hand along the main street soaking up the spring sunshine, occasionally stopping to look in shop windows, and Lucy was making no secret of the fact that she needed to pee. She was on the point of suggesting that they go round one of the quiet back streets, where because she had no panties on she could just stand open legged and piss on the ground. The same thought had occurred to Ian who was feeling a little frustrated from the escapade in the club. The idea of Lucy squatting or standing peeing in the open air was making him hard already; no doubt there would be a secluded spot where they could shag with her standing up, arse against a wall, her thighs wet with fresh pee. With that in mind he was just about to turn in to a side street, when he saw it – a large and expensive lingerie shop called "Scanty Panty." He griped Lucy's elbow and steered her in. There were displays of all types of feminine underwear, but Ian and Lucy where only interested in knickers. There where all sorts, some very extravagant – none of them were cheap. "My name is Joan, can I help you–" asked a lady who looked like one of the assistants, a mature, stout but a good–looking lady whom they found out later was the assistant manager. "If it helps I suggest that because these are so expensive, the young lady take a selection in to the private fitting room and try them on, then you can see if you like them before purchasing... oh, and to avoid soiling there is a supply of pads in the drawer of the dressing table, and the gentleman may go with you providing you lock the door" Ian locked the door behind them as Lucy placed her selection on the table. "I must have a pee first," Lucy said, "if I leak in this condition no pad is going to stop me soiling every pair." She started to go in to the onsite toilet. "No!" said Ian firmly. "If you can hold on, I will, buy you the pair of shoes that match any pair of panties you fancy." Lucy could not resist that offer, but proceeded with care. First she removed all her clothes apart from her bra, and then selected a red pair of cutaway lacy edged silk panties. She inserted the pad and slid them up her legs, then pulled them into place and stood before the mirror while Ian stood behind her running his hands over her legs and thighs. "Must find out what they feel like over your cunt" he purred, rubbing a forefinger over her sensitive lips "Don't" hissed Lucy "or I'll pee." She quickly removed them taking out the wet pad, and dropped it in the waste paper basket "if it had not been for that I would have been in trouble." She tried on another three pairs, as each time Ian tormented her through the material, till she had to use two pads to prevent herself from soiling the gusset. By this time she could not bend lest she pee, and she took to sitting while Ian put the panties on for her, lifting her bottom at the last moment. As he removed the last pair, she felt a trickle push its way through her vulva and felt the wetness along the tops of her legs, Ian watching said "come on one more pair and you have five pairs of shoes and the last pair are the best." Lucy picked up some mink panties while exclaiming "at $250 they ought to be good." She carefully wiped herself and placed three pads in the panty crotch and then handed the panties to Ian. She stretched her legs out to allow Ian to slide them up, as he did with terrible slowness, allowing the mink to tickle her all along her legs, by the time he reached her cunt, she was dribbling and begging him to take them off before she ruined the most expensive panties she had ever tried on. The champagne was now having its full effect on her bladder, and when Ian (ignoring her pleas) pulled them into place she yearned to pee. The feeling of the fur on her cunt filled her with an indescribable desire to be a really dirty girl, to do, the unthinkable to pee in these ridiculously expensive panties and be fucked at the same time. She stood slowly and leaned against the wall running her fingers up her legs. Then clutching her cunt through the mink, she reached out to Ian and unzipped his trousers, taking the object of her desire out, she pulled aside the right–hand leg of the mink panties, and guided the rock hard prick up past the sodden pads and into her eager twat. He could not help but think that this is going to be the most expensive wet fuck ever. When he withdrew to remove his trousers, she whispered in his ear "please fuck me make me come, make me pee, I can't wait any more" the sensation was wonderful. The fur tickled her cunt as Ian's prick, once placed, engorged with waiting, pushed up and down, she sobbed in ecstasy, "fuuuccckkk oh bloody hell, I am going to come, I am going to piss, I want it, I want it, do it," she wrapped her legs round Ian's waist pulling him into her. Ian, his balls tantalised by the fur of the panties, his prick bathed by the piss soaked pads, and now being clutched by her cunt, began to ram his cock into this tantalising girl, woman, bitch in heat, in slow thrusts from tip to balls, stimulating her clit and g spot alternatively. Slowly they fought to a plateau of fusion, she pressed against his belly as her release came and as he shot wads of thick come in to her, in the midst of her orgasm she peed with intense pleasure first in short spurts, then a heavy flow, soaking Ian's prick and legs before being soaked up by the carpet. They remained locked together for some time, until tranquillity replaced tumult. Ian was conscious of someone other than themselves panting, and wondered who, on the other side of the partition had enjoyed their wet fuck. As they pulled their clothing on Ian examined the wall discovering a cunningly concealed spy hole, someone had a private show and must know that Lucy beneath her skirt was still wearing $250 pounds worth of piss soaked panties. Just as they were getting ready to leave and Lucy was on the point of removing the mink panties to leave them in the drawer with the pads, there was a knock at the door. Ian unlocked the door, and Joan walked in looking flushed, but inquired whether they had seen anything they liked Lucy held out the four pairs she wanted, as Joan turned to go and wrap then up, she picked up the remaining pairs, and inquired as to what had happened to the mink ones, Lucy affected to have never brought such a pair in, but Joan however insisted that she had seen Lucy bring them with her and started to look round the cubical, suddenly she turned and stuck her hand up Lucy's skirt "I knew it , you little slut, not only were you trying to steal them but you have soiled them too. You will, have to pay for them and I must inform the director" and then she turned to go. Ian stepped in front of her "I don't think you really want to do that – not when you have been spying on people changing and anything else they might do in private." As he was saying this he reached out quickly and lifted up Joan's skirt, revealing her legs and panties, which were soaked at the crotch. He continued "and masturbating at work." Joan went red to the roots of her hair. "Now who must inform the management?" Joan was terrified and Lucy grinning, said "I know what to do," and removing the mink panties, handed them to Joan. "Give me your panties you dirty cow and put these on, you can wear them for the rest of the day, take them home get them dry cleaned and replace them." Joan did as she was told and experienced a perverse thrill as she pulled into place the wet panties that she had watched Lucy get fucked in. While Lucy, pulling on Joan's knickers said, "I don't know about you coming in these you must have pissed yourself as well, and you have the cheek to try and intimidate me". Ian who had been looking thoughtful broke in "I have an idea! Yes you get them express dry cleaned and bring them to my house tonight, and we will put on a sex show for you. Then you will have the opportunity to return the compliment." They left the shop hand in hand, Joan staring after them with her legs and bum wet, the smell of Lucy's pee emanating from the mink panties. She looked down at the card Ian had given her and experienced a thrill causing her to leak and contribute to Lucy's wetness.
Undine