A Lesson for Sabrina

by David North

The sun was scarcely above the horizon when Sabrina closed the car door on her latest conquest and waved him farewell. She yawned prodigiously and turned towards her house, planning to get a few hours sleep before she had to get up and go to work. These all-nighters were fun, but it meant she had to spend most of her days feeling dog tired.

She ascended the garden path, her high heels clicking loudly on the paving stones in the still of early morning. She felt the cool air on her bare stomach, exposed between her matching skimpy red top and skirt which had made her the centre of attention at John's party. If there was one thing she loved above all else, it was being the centre of attention. The men would lust after her, and the women were so envious they looked as if they would welcome the opportunity to shit fire all over her. She always returned their venomous stares with a sweet smile as she mouthed the single word "Tough."

Arriving at the back door, Sabrina hopped from foot to foot as she searched for her key and inserted it into the lock. She badly needed to pee, and couldn't wait to get the loo, tug her knickers down and let it go.

She had one foot inside when she heard a rustle close behind her. She whirled around, startled, then relaxed as she saw who it was.

"Jesus, Mark. You nearly gave me a heart attack," she said, blowing out her cheeks in relief. "You almost made me piss myself." When Mark didn't answer, her expression hardened. "What the hell are you doing here?" she demanded, crossing her legs as she fought to get her bladder muscles back under control. She really would have to make a dash for the loo in a minute.

"I told you that you're my girl, Sabrina," Mark said in a quiet, menacing voice. "I want to know what the hell you're doing sleeping around?"

"Oh, for fuck's sake. How many times do I have to tell you? It's over between us. Now go home, and let me get to the loo."

Sabrina started to turn away from him, but before she could get inside the house and close the door on him, Mark grabbed hold of her, tightening an arm around her neck.

"What the fuck--?" Sabrina started to protest. Mark tightened his hold still further, choking off her rebuke.

"I think it's time I taught you a lesson, you little slut," he whispered in her ear as he pushed her into the kitchen.

Sabrina squirmed, doing her best to bite Mark's forearm as he held her in a debilitating lock. "You sick fuck," she managed to squeeze out through her compressed throat.

"Now, now," Mark admonished. "You need to learn to control that foul mouth of yours, and you know what, I've got just the thing."

Sabrina continued struggling, stamping her right heel in an attempt to catch Mark on the foot. She finally managed to sink her teeth into her arm, and he yelped in pain as she drew blood.

"Okay, that's it," he said decisively, and tightened his arm about her throat until her eyes flickered and rolled back into her head. Sabrina's body became heavy against his as she lost consciousness. He lifted her limp body over his shoulder with ease and carried her upstairs, making a beeline for the girl's bedroom. He knew which room it was, of course, from the days when they had been an item. How many men had there been since then? Three? Four? Fuck knew. But it was going to stop, here and now.

Mark lowered the Sabrina onto her bed, then went back downstairs. Returning to the garden, he retrieved the bag he had concealed under a raggedy-looking shrub that Sabrina had never bothered the prune, any more than she bothered to maintain anything else in her life, such as relationships. He closed and locked the kitchen door to ensure that no one else could enter the house, not unless they had a key.

He climbed the stairs two at a time, anxious to restrain the girl before she woke up and started yelling. If the neighbours heard her calling for help, they might decide to investigate, or maybe even call the police. Then again, they were probably so accustomed to Sabrina yelling every time she faked an orgasm, they were just as likely to ignore it. He couldn't afford to take the chance, however.

He quickly uncoiled the lengths of rope he had brought with him for the purpose, checking that he had remembered to pack the little device he'd purchased on e-Bay, a thing that resembled a horse's bit. It was seriously overpriced, but he didn't care - it was just so appropriate for Sabrina, he would have paid any price to see her wearing it.

His very first act was to work the bar between the girl's teeth and secure the strap at the back of her neck. When she woke up, she would try to hurl abuse at him, and this little toy was going to make that difficult.

Mark spent the next ten minutes carefully binding Sabrina's wrists to the bed frame, making sure the rope was short enough so that she couldn't reach her gag or make any attempt to attacked the knots. He then returned to the kitchen where he made himself some tea, then carried it back to the bedroom where he sat down in an easy chair and waited for the girl to recover consciousness.

He didn't have to wait long. As she stirred, Sabrina tried to move her body. Suddenly becoming aware of resistance, she let out a muted cry of alarm and her eyes snapped open. She blinked, trying to focus on the shape at the bottom of her bed. She shook her head and tugged against the ropes holding her arms. She looked at the bonds securing her right wrist, then her left, and finally back at the ill-defined shape beyond her feet.

"Wha--," she tried to speak, but could not even shape the first word intelligibly.

"Welcome back," Mark greeted her calmly.

Sabrina made more sounds through the bit in her mouth, sounds that almost shaped the words, "You fuffing frick!"

"There you are. That's the reason you're gagged. I'm sick of listening to your vile language," Mark informed her. "So until you learn to keep a civil tongue in your head, you're going lie there, bound and gagged, and you're not going anywhere. I'm not even going to let you get up to use the toilet, so if you need to piss, you'll just have to hold it."

Sabrina squirmed and tugged savagely at her bonds, issuing muted insults as she made futile attempts to free herself.

"You're such a slut, Sabrina," Mark said, rising from the chair and coming over to sit beside her. He reached out a hand and laid it on her right breast, squeezing it. Sabrina did her best to push him away with her chin, but she simply couldn't reach. She bent her right knee and lashed out with her foot, catching Mark across the thigh with her heel.

"Ouch! You little bitch." Jumping up angrily, he took up another length of rope, wrapped one arm around Sabrina's legs to minimize her kicking, then coiled the rope around her ankles. Once it was tight enough to stop her pulling free, he released her legs and adroitly tied off the knot.

"Okay," he sat back down beside her, "let's try that again."

This time, he grabbed both breasts and pushed them hard together, squeezing her nipples between thumb and forefinger. Sabrina squealed through the bit, her head thrashing from side to side and she fought against her restraints. Mark squeezed her nipples, making her yelp. She twisted her body violently from side to side, but she couldn't shake him off.

Powerless to resist his attentions, Sabrina gradually calmed down and merely looked up at her tormentor with venomous eyes. Mark grinned, enjoying her defeat, although he knew only too well it was only temporary; she'd be bitching again at the first opportunity. Oh yes, this lesson was going to take quite some time.

Releasing the girl's breasts at last, Mark slid his hand slowly over her stomach and rested it over her abdomen. He closed his fingers and could feel the bulge of her full bladder. Sabrina lifted her head from the pillow, looking down at his hand with fraught eyes. As he began to massage between hips, shifting the pee around inside the swollen bladder and sending waves of pressure against the tiring muscles, she shook her head and renewed her protests through the bit in her mouth.

"Ffftop. Flease, ffftop! I haff to piff."

"Sorry Sabrina," Mark said with a mocking smile, "I really can't understand a word you're saying. What's a piff?"

"Baffard," she said, glaring at him and doing her best to look angry. Her facial muscles were taut, however, betraying the strain of dealing with his attentions to her full bladder. She grunted and rocked her head from side to side in frustration.

Mark's smile broadened. He knew the last thing Sabrina would ever want to do is wet the bed, especially not her own bed with its satin sheet and expensive mattress. Hell, he thought, when you earned a living on your back, you needed a good mattress. Was that unfair? Unjustified. He shrugged inwardly; who cared. This was fun. This was a lot of fun.

Mark continued rolling Sabrina's football of a bladder around for another minute, until he sensed that she might soon lose control. He didn't want her to do that just yet. He wanted her the lay there and suffer the discomfort of needing to piss, unable to get up and do something about it. for as long as possible.

He turned his attention to her legs, sliding his fingers down to the hem of her short satin skirt. He toyed with the tab of the skirt's zip, lifting it and letting it fall back into place. Glancing up at Sabrina's face, he found her again craning her head to watch what he was doing. She turned angry eyes on him again, simultaneously shaking her head. "No," she said, the word muted by her gag. "Don't you fuffing fouch me."

Mark sighed deeply in mock despair. "There you go again, Sabrina. You just don't learn, do you."

His fingers gripped the tab and slowly unzipped Sabrina's skirt. The teeth of the zip spread apart in its wake, exposing the top few inches of her thighs and revealing the lips of her vagina. She wasn't even wearing knickers.

Sabrina raged incoherently, shaking her head, twisting her body, fighting to reach down with her restrained hands, but there was nothing she could do to stop Mark completely unzipping her skirt and fully exposing her.

Accepting defeat, Sabrina lay her head back on the pillow and averted her gaze, not out of any sense of humiliation, Mark knew that, but because she was furious with him and wasn't going to play along any more.

Mark allowed his fingers slide across the girl's exposed abdomen, slowly working his way down to stroke the thin strip of pubic hair she had left unshaved. When she still refused to meet his gaze, he took hold of the two halves of her skirt and parted them, leaving her lower half totally naked. Sabrina continued to look away, not even attempting to speak.

"See how much nicer it is when you behave yourself?" Mark taunted. "Since you've been good, I'm going to free your ankles, but no kicking me again, or I'll spread your legs and tie your feet to the corners of the bed. This lesson can be an easy one, or you can make it hard for yourself. It's entirely up to you."

Mark untied the rope binding the girl's ankles, then returned to his chair at the foot of the bed where he seated himself once more to watch her.

Unable to resist the urge to cover herself, Sabrina bent her right knee over her left thigh, trying to hide her crotch from Mark's unwavering gaze. She gasped through the bit and she resumed fighting with the bonds holding her wrists, but she could not slide her hands free. Mark had been careful to tie off the ropes at the top of the bed post, well beyond the reach of Sabrina's probing fingers.

"No, no, no," Mark said as he rose from his seat once more. "I don't buy all this false modesty from you. I think I'll spread your legs anyway."

"Noo!" Sabrina cried out, the word surprising distinct in spite of the obstruction in her mouth. She raised her knees and kicked out with her heels as Mark tried to catch her ankles. One of her heels struck him a glancing blow on the back of the hand, and he recoiled with a shout of anguish.

"Okay, that's it, you little bitch!" he yelled, and moving with startling speed, he grabbed Sabrina's right ankle and wrenched her leg straight. He snatched up the rope he'd so recently removed from her ankles and wound it around the right one, pulling it tight as she continued her attempts to kick him with her left heel. As soon as the ankle was secure, Mark dropped to his knees and attached the other end to the corner of the bed.

Driven by pain and anger, he seized Sabrina's other leg in a vice-like grip, making her squeal as he straightened her left knee and began coiling the other length of rope around her free ankle. In less than thirty seconds, the girl's left leg was also anchored.

Her crotch now completely exposed, Sabrina tried in vain to close her legs, but there was no way she could cover herself now, any more could she do anything about Mark's hand traveling the length of her right leg, or his fingers sliding between her parted thighs. He inserted all four fingers inside the her vagina, pushing hard. Sabrina cried out through her gag, panicking now that Mark's fingers were probing the wall of her bulging bladder. If he kept prodding her, she would lose control and pee all over the bed.

"Come on, Sabrina. There's plenty of room inside there for my hand. In fact, you could get a whole football team up inside there, so don't give me that I'm hurting routine. Besides," he added after a pause, "you've never considered how much you've hurt me with your slutty behaviour. You don't even give me a thought when you're out getting laid every night, do you? Well, since you enjoy orgasms so much, you can cum for me. I'm not stopping until you do, and don't even think about faking it, because I can tell."

Sabrina turned her head from side to side, pulling at her restraints, gasping and grunting in frustration. Mark could tell that it wasn't all frustration, however. He knew the signs; she was starting to feel excited by his probing fingers rubbing against her swollen clitoris. He also knew she was hating the fact that her body was betraying her, but she couldn't fight it. She had started building towards an orgasm.

On each inward stroke, Mark's fingers poked the wall of Sabrina's full bladder. She had to be going out of her mind, not knowing whether to come or go. Her bladder felt tight, like a football. She had to be close to bursting, but still she fought the urge to release, just as desperate to save her mattress as she was for relief.

With his free hand, Mark reached up and unthreaded the tie on the front of the girl's top, freeing it so that the top parted and exposed her full breasts. He began stroking her nipples, still probing her vagina and stimulating her clitoris, simultaneously disturbing her excruciatingly full bladder. Sabrina's breathing was growing faster and more erratic. Her brow puckered as she fought to resist the erotic sensations coursing through her now-naked body; to resist the desire to empty her bladder all over the bed. She fought frantically with her bonds, tugging and squirming, gasping with the effort.

Mark smiled. He could see the girl's resolve was weakening. He increased the frequency of the in-and-out motion of his fingers, drawing the girl towards her unwanted climax, pounding his fingertips against her almost-exploding bladder. making her squirm and twist her head from side to side in pleasure and frustration. Sabrina made a frantic effort to bend her knees, but she was powerless to prevent either her impending orgasm or the loss of control of her sphincter muscles. Her chest heaved, making her breasts protrude. Her nipples were now fully erect and as red as ripe cherries.

"Nooo!" she squealed through the bit as saliva began running from the corners of her mouth and onto her chin. Her whole body was now shaking, her breaths loud gasps. Mark felt her vaginal muscles tighten so hard that he could not longer move his fingers. A moment later, he felt hot liquid squirting over the back of his hand and up his wrist. The acrid smell of fresh urine filled his nostrils, and he grinned down at Sabrina's flushed cheeks, meeting the venomous stare of her dark eyes.

When Sabrina's muscles relaxed a little, Mark withdrew his and stood up. "Lesson number one," he said, looking down at the wet patch spreading over the bed sheet and soaking into the mattress. "You didn't want to have an orgasm and piss yourself, but you did. So you see, you can't always get what you want." After a short pause, he added, "Wasn't it Mick Jagger who said that?"

Sabrina glared back at him. If looks could kill...

"We'll try that again later," Mark informed her, "next time with a dildo. But" - he consulted his watch - "I have to go to work now. I'll be back this evening for lesson number two. Don't go away."

Sabrina's muted protests followed him as her cross the bedroom. He paused in the doorway and looked back to witness Sabrina's distraught expression. She shook her head, pleading with him not to leave her like this. His grin broadened as he closed to bedroom door and glanced at his watch. It was still early; plenty of time to get to the office. It was going to be an interesting day at work, thinking of Sabrina all tied up and gagged, lying in her own piss, helplessly waiting for him to return.

