Dream Team (part 7-b)

Posted by Tinker, May 1997 

When Diana woke up, she first thoughtlessly reached with her left hand for her boyfriend. Nobody. She sighed; a cuddle right after waking up was a wonderful way to start any day. To still have something to hold on to, Diana grabbed her pillow and gave it a hug, followed by a low pur of comfort while she rolled on her tummy and slapped a leg over where his legs used to be. Nothing to catch today. What a pity that she had not discovered the enjoyment of making love to a friend earlier in life, she pondered. How many years had she wasted in which she could have had simple yet satisfying sex a few times a week by just sneaking up to her boy friend like this and surprising him? Ah well, nowadays she could have any sex she wanted. Just not this morning. 

"Are you awake?" a voice sounded through the early morning twilight. With a shock Diana realized that she was not in her own familiar bed, but in a strange bed in a remote manor, sharing a room with Ann during cheerleader camp. Her spirits jumped high into the sky when she remembered what the plans for today were. "I see that you miss your boy friend," Ann grinned. "The way you cling to your pillow and pur into its ear is, well... interesting." With a red face Diana rolled back onto her back and cursed her instincts. But then, it was simple basic human behaviour, so she should not be ashamed for it, especially not with Ann. After all, it had been Ann who had convinced her to make a true sexual move towards her boyfriend; if she had not done this, their love might still have been platonic. 

She looked at Ann, who was also lying on her back. "It was wonderful yesterday, wasn't it?" she asked. Ann mumbled something in agreement: "Mmmm. It was. We had a lot of fun, and today it will be even better. This place is fantastic. You can do anything and nobody will complain." Ann looked at the ceiling. "I wonder. Would it be nice to... eh... wet myself right now? I've wet almost anything anywhere, but never my bed."

"Oh no, don't even think about that. We cannot just spoil these beds, there's no way we can clean them up in time. Besides, it would not be very polite to wee on purpose in our host's beds, would it?" Ann sighed. "I guess so. But it would be so nice." She pushed herself halfway up against the wall behind her bed, with her pillow in her back, and then pulled up her knees, making a tent out of her blanket. "Lay like this and then just slowly go in my panties. First a bit, then more, then the whole lot. Feel it spread between my legs and down my ass and..."

"Stop it Ann! You make me wanting to go in my night gown right here because I need to wee like hell." They both laughed and then fell silent again. 

Cheerleader camp! Quickly Diana threw off the blanket and stumbled out of bed to go to the loo. The rest of the floor still was completely quiet. When she returned to her room, Ann was already half dressed. Again in her dark blue long skirt. "We are going out shopping, aren't we?" she asked Diana, knowing the answer. "Yes we are. Not necessarily all of us, but I think most girls will come along anyway." Diana dressed herself in a simple sweatshirt and a pair of jeans and went downstairs to start preparing breakfast. 

Soon, most girls surfaced, all looking quite refreshed and ready to go again. Only Cindy and Alice stayed in their room. Eventually Ann went upstairs and banged on their door until Alice came out. "Okay, we're coming, we're coming." Ann blinked with her eyes. Alice looked, well, crumpled up. Not at all refreshed and certainly not ready to go, and Cindy did not look any better. While Alice and Cincy stumbled towards the showers, Ann was puzzled for a moment. Usually girls looked this way after a heavy night with their boyfriend. Hum. Could it be that...? Back at the breakfast table, Ann searched for Diana's eyes, and when they connected, a short exchange of looks was enough to confirm her suspicions. Aha, so Diana knew of it. Okay then. It would not harm anybody and Ann's boyfriend had two girls less to be distracted by. Good! 

During breakfast, Diana announced the plans for today. "First we drive to the nearest mall to get food and things for today and tomorrow. Everybody is free to join us if they want. Then we get back here, say, around ten thirty, and we have a practice session before lunch. Then lunch, more practice in the afternoon, and then we relax for a while. Dinner at six, followed by dressing up and going downtown for the evening. Back here without company around ten, in bed before midnight. Okay?" Okay. And as expected, everybody wanted to come with Ann and Diana to the mall. 

When the girls finished their breakfast and Maureen and Melissa had already started doing the dishes, Alice and Cindy came down. To Ann's relief, they both looked completely refreshed now, but Alice's appearance caused a roar of laughter among the girls. Unlike her normal dressing habits, Alice wore an almost exact copy of Cindy's standard outfit: white blouse, short leather skirt, low shoes with heels. Alice turned red, Cindy simply pushed her on further down the stairs. "Don't laugh at her, I made her wear this. It's about time that Alice learns proper fashion habits. I got tired of her long skirts and wide trousers. Time for a change." Well, alright. Experiments were always welcome. "But do you think that this twin look is okay? I mean, you both are almost mirror images now. Same long blong hair, same blouse, same skirt, same legs, same shoes..."

"Same panties, I bet," Jane added. Alice still blushed. Cindy replied: "How else can I teach Alice how to behave in public with a bit more daring clothes? Now she just has to mimic me. That can't be hard." They sat down next to each other. "No Alice, you have to either keep your knees together or cross your legs, like me. This is no cheerleader uniform. A bit of modesty is required." Alice blushed some more. Hell, wearing a mini was much harder than she had expected. With her uniform it did not matter, but other minis required constant attention. 

In the minibus to the mall, the girls chattered like always and had a good time. When Diana parked the bus on the parking lot, she yelled over her shoulder: "Okay, back here at ten, which means you have one hour. Who's not here by then has to walk back to the manor. Nice shopping and don't do anything silly." More giggling. While Diana and Ann went to the super market, the others spread out through the mall. Jane, Maureen, and Janice went to a CD shop, Alice and Cindy went looking at extremely expensive jewellery, and Melissa started on the first of a row of fashion boutiques. 

When Diana and Ann had carried their boxes back to the bus, Ann told that she wanted to visit the pharmacy as well because she needed some shampoo. Diana made herself comfortable on a bench in the sun and relaxed with a can of 7-up. Ann soon returned and stuffed her bag into the bus. Then she again went to the mall to visit the public toilets. Diana was puzzled for a moment by all this shuttling back and forth, but decided not to spend energy on trivialities. She had spotted Cindy and Alice, who seemed to be in some sort of dispute. When the two girls saw Diana on the bench, they quickly came closer and sat down as well. "Basically," Cindy started, "Alice does not dare to wet herself."

"Not true!" Alice countered. "I know perfectly well how to wet myself. Do it all the time on the field. Even do it under my normal skirts once in a while. But I don't feel comfortable doing it right here, and besides, we still have to go into the bus."

"No silly, this skirt is water proof. You can wet and then just sit down on it."

"Still, I don't want to wet here. Everybody can see me." Cindy shook her head and started to walk up and down in front of the two other girls. "Listen. You dressed up just right for this. It would be a shame to let this opportunity go by. Getting yourself a wet bum under such a skirt is wonderfully exciting, especially in public. These are no cheerleader skirts. Nobody will see anything. Here, let me show you." 

Cindy stopped, turned towards Diana and Alice, and pushed her hair over her shoulders with her hands. "I don't even need to open my legs. I just push and wee a bit in my blue panties." She was silent for a moment while looking down at her skirt. "Just wait and they will get all wet and soppy." Diana looked at the two in amusement, while Alice almost panicked. "Look out, Cindy! There are people everywhere! They are looking at you!"

"Of course they are looking at me. I wear something interesting. It's not my wetting that interests them, it's my body and my clothes. But it's my pretty panties that interest me, and they can't see those because my skirt's in the way. Now, here it comes. I love to do it in clean fresh dry panties!" 

Alice still seemed very agitated about the situation, but now could not keep her eyes off Cindy's skirt and thighs. A little shiver in Cindy's groin and a satisfied hum told the others that her panties changed colour and now were not suited for public display any more. "So, that was just one spurt. Did you see something?" Cindy inquired. Alice shook her head: "No, but..." Alright, here comes some more." Cindy now clearly pushed and obviously began to wet herself for real. When a drop spiralled down her left leg from under her black mini, Alice almost yelled: "Stop it! You can't just... I mean... you shouldn't..."

Challengingly, Cindy looked at her: "Why not? Because people will notice?" She turned around and faced the other people walking randomly around the parking lot. "Which people? Nobody notices anything as long as I don't scream in horror that I am wetting myself." She let her panties make squelching sounds by pressing her thighs firmly together a few times and clearly enjoyed it: "Wow... nothing beats a pair of freshly wetted panties. Except for a pair that is just getting wet, of course." 

At this moment, Ann returned together with Melissa. Melissa wore a pair of black leggings that she apparently had just bought, because she had started out shopping in jeans. "Hi girls. Cindy has been wetting again?" You could not fool a pro like Melissa. "Yes I have. I try to convince Alice here that she could just as easily get herself a wet bum and enjoy, but she thinks it will show."

"Oh, you can easily wet your panties wearing such a skirt. I wet myself quite often under a tight denim one and nobody ever complained." Ann just smiled and sat down next to Diana. 

Alice did not seem convinced. "But what if I can't stop?" Cindy sighed. "First, it won't be a problem. Under your skirt it's all absorbing fabric and it will get completely soppy and warm, but your skirt will shield it all. That's the magic of this outfit. Second, you don't have to wee badly. In fact, I bet you have to work hard to get even one single spurt in your panties right now." Alice swallowed. Cindy continued: "You see? Nothing can go wrong. Now just keep sitting there, and do it. You don't even need to stand up for it. Just get yourself a wet bum and we're outa here." Jane, Maureen, and Janice appeared and Diana threw the keys of the bus at them so that they could put away the three CDs they had acquired. Jane yelled: "Okay girls, we're complete. Let's go."

"Wait a minute, Alice has to wet herself first," Cindy yelled back. Alice shrunk down into a little pixie, but the parking lot now was deserted except for the cheerleader squad. "Oh? I wanna see that!" Jane answered and came over to look at Alice. 

"Alright, alright. I'll do it. If you all are so sure that it will work, I don't feel responsible any more." Without warning, Alice spread her knees and showed her pale blue cheerleader panties to the world. "Hey watch out, that's asking for attention," Cindy hissed. Quickly, she stepped in front of Alice and blocked the view for the few people that now started to appear on the parking lot again. Alice however did not seem impressed. "You told me to wet myself here? Okay. And you bet I'll enjoy it." 

While especially Cindy and Maureen kept an eye on the environment, Alice threw her head backwards and swung her hair over her shoulder, opened her knees some more while still sitting down, and firmly put her hands beside her on the bench. She took a breath and started to push. Cindy was right, she did not have to go at all, but with some work it should be possible to get her panties wet. She pushed again. A trace of a wee announced itself deep inside her body. She could do it, she was sure. Another push. And another. Alice never before had so explicitly tried to wee in her panties, and she actually liked it. Another try. Alice pushed as hard as she could, but her panties simply would not get wet at all. After a minute of trying to wet herself, she reluctantly gave up. "Sorry girls. I just don't need to wee." 

Cindy sighed and shook her head. "You need to learn a lot, Alice. But don't bother, I'll teach you." With a devilish smile, she took Alice's hand and led her to the bus, followed by the others. Soon they were on their way back to the manor. A minute into the trip, Alice bent over to Cindy and whispered in her ear: "I think I have to go now. Shall I try it again?" Cindy checked the upholstery of the bus seat: "You can, but be careful. You can't spill anything here, it will make clear stains. And your skirt is so short that you have less than a centimeter between the crotch of your panties and the seat, so you have to sit completely upright and not wee more than your panties can take. To be honest, that won't be enough to make it worth it. Leather minis are great to sit in when wettish, but weeing should still be done with plenty of overshoot to make it fun. Else it is not worth the panties. Hey Jane, how many drops would you dare to do in your jeans right now and here?"

Jane shrugged. "Can't be too much or it will show. A spurt, at most. Usually you cannot even keep up with the rate your body produces wee; eventually you have to gush. Why?"

"Well, Alice here thinks she can wee now, but doing it in her skirt won't be too much fun because she can only make her panties a bit moist. Everybody can do that, even wearing jeans. But she needs a good opportunity to wet herself thoroughly in public to really appreciate this skirt she wears." 

At the next traffic lights, Jane called to Diana to turn right and pull over, because she had seen something interesting. Curiously Diana complied and stopped the van next to a small lawn with the local monument in the center. Jane opened the sliding car door and got out, followed by Alice, Cindy, and an even more curious Maureen. The four girls walked up to the monument, and while Jane started to read the brass plate bolted to it, she told Alice to pee in her panties. Bewildered Alice stared at the traffic only ten meters away, with dozens of cars queueing up in front of the traffic light and some drivers obviously gazing at the four-and-some girls with the van.

Cindy nudged Alice in her side: "Come on. This is your chance. Wet those pretty panties of yours and have fun! Don't overdo it, no waterfall, but a few firm spurts in your skirt are just fine. Imagine it, standing here, just looking at all those people over there, and then peeing straight into your spotless dry underwear with only your tiny skirt shielding it from view! Oh, I cannot let such an opportunity go by. I'm going to do it myself, here and now." Cindy walked up to Jane to join her in reading the plate. "Good idea, Jane, this place. Thanks. I really can use a gusher. Being just a bit wet is pure torture, especially under this type of skirt." 

While toying a bit with her long hair and gazing at the car drivers, Cindy parted her legs o so little and delightfully pressed. "What panties are you wearing?" Jane inquired. "My cheerleader's, just as Alice," Cindy replied, and pressed again. "That's daring under a skirt like this, but I figured it would be a quiet morning with few peekers. Oh, here it comes. Alice! Quick! I'm getting wet again!" Cindy grabbed Alice's hands and held them firmly, both to touch her friend and to let Alice feel how her body reacted to this exciting event. Cindy looked down at her skirt and pushed her groin a bit forward. Although her panties had not dried yet, they felt like they came fresh out of the laundry. Spoiling a good pair of dry, clean panties still was Cindy's biggest thrill, despite all her repeated wettings during normal days. 

"It comes, Alice! Right into my nice clean blue panties! Oh yes!" She pinched Alice's hands like if she was at the dentist's, which made Alice feel excited as well. "Yes! Now! Yes!" Cindy yelled, while the first of a few big spurts started to gush out into the soft, absorbing fabric hidden under her skirt. "Oh God this feels good," she mumbled while she let her wee run through her panties, and then first looked at Alice and then at the drivers waiting for the lights. A guy waved at her, and Cindy waved back while she wetted herself within talking distance of him.

Eventually she had to part her feet wider to keep her legs from catching too much of the waterfall. "Hey Cindy, no waterfall!" Alice giggled. "Oops! Got carried away." Remarkably quickly, Cindy managed to close her faucet and took a less challenging pose. "Ah, it's so wonderful to be wet down there. And now for you. Just say hello to those friendly people and then do it nicely in your fresh panties. Make them all dark and warm and wet and have fun! It feels lovely, and with this skirt, you are safer than ever before." 

Maureen now could not suppress a growl: "Shit, this is the last time I don't bring a plastic shopping bag with me. I can't even wet myself when I want to!" Grumbling she returned to the van, to not have to look at Alice who could just push and gush. What a fool she was, Maureen thought by herself. Everything was okay, she wore a nice skirt with wide folds, reaching not even halfway down her thighs, perfect panties, and open shoes without socks. She had the perfect opportunity to wet herself right out in the open with dozens of people looking and a safe escape route in case something went wrong. And now she could not wee in her panties because she could not spoil a stupid car seat. 

Alice had walked over to the monument as well, and now was standing in between Jane and Cindy. She looked quite excited. "Are you really sure? Just go? Not even check my skirt?"

"That's the fun: you do not have to take care of anything, just wee. It's even easier than in your uniform. You can push as hard as you want, even if it touches your skirt or if the wind blows your skirt between your legs, there is no problem at all."

"Gosh," said Alice, and pressed. 

A car honked, and a woman in the passenger's seat leaned out of a window: "Hello girls. Does any one of you know where to find the nearest shopping mall?" To everybody's amazement, Alice answered: "Oh yes, I do," and walked up to the car over the lawn. Arrived at the side of the road, she leaned on the car's open window and gave the woman directions back to where they just came from. Alice's little skirt rode up her bum just enough to reveal half an inch of her light blue cheerleader panties. Cindy at first wanted to yell at Alice to warn her, but then put a hand against her mouth when she saw Alice open her legs. Because she was so close to the car, only the girls at the monument and in the van could see what she was doing. Cindy even thought that she could see Alice pressing, pressing, until it finally happened.

Alice's knees suddenly made a strange movement, first closing tightly and then opening again. The girls could clearly see how the light blue line of fabric that peeked out from under her skirt turned dark and then began to leak, first a drop, then more. To be honest, it was not at all inconspicuous how Alice stood there, wetting her panties under a short leather skirt in full public. Thanks to the car, nobody noticed. It did not take too long, but when she straightened her back again and waved the car goodbye, Alice's virgin blue panties definitely had changed for the better. Glowing with pride, she turned back to the others, walking in a special way that Cindy found quite irresistable. "I am soaking wet! I really am!"

"Good girl!" Jane complimented her. "Nice show, dear," Cindy added. 

"Good work, Alice," Maureen joined in. Jane turned around: "Hey, you came back?" Maureen nodded and pointed to the van, where Ann held up the farmacy's plastic shopping bag. "I found what I needed." Now it was Jane's turn to curse and head for the van. Her jeans were obviously unfitted for anything. Maureen did not wait for a car driver to ask any directions. She elegantly walked over to the cars waiting in line, bent over to politely knock on a window, and asked the surprised people in the car for the local museum because the monument had made her curious. As with Alice, the other girls saw Maureen's panties flash as she reached behind her back to check her skirt. Jane bit her tongue when she realized that her records of daring behaviour got shattered by the dozens these days. Breathless, the whole bus stared at Maureen, who now squatted down with her knees indecently open, but still undetected by anybody because she was too close to the car. 

Silently, they all counted down from five. Maureen launched herself just when the car passenger produced a map of the town and pointed out something to her. It was glorious. In the mirroring silver car door, Maureen could look right up her own mini and saw it all happening. What a wonderful idea had it been to wear orange panties under a blue skirt, she thought as she began to pee. The first spurt immediately darkened everything between her legs and made her feel weak and vulnerable. The second one went hotly down her bum and got her going. The third one did not stop and Maureen saw her underwear beginning to drip, which was quite something given her peculiar pose. While thoroughly wetting her panties and having some trouble regulating her breath, Maureen tried to respond appropriately to the person giving her directions to the museum. It was not far, so she was still wetting when saying thanks and goodbye.

The lights had changed, and the car pulled away in a hurry when somebody from behind began to honk. Quickly Maureen closed her knees, causing the stream between her heels to increase a bit because of the wrenching effect, and then casually stood up to walk back to the others, still weeing in her panties. In front of Alice and Cindy, her hands ready to grab her skirt if the wind should blow it up, she pushed out the last gushes in her underwear, made a sound that sounded quite like an orgasm, and then sunk down on her knees to recover. She stayed with her hands flat on the lawn and on all fours for at least a minute, not caring at all about the dark-orange triangle that peeked out from under her blue skirt to the line of cars. 

Finally, Maureen came back to Earth, and heavily sat down on the lawn with her skirt out of the way. "Jezus, that was something! I've never had this kind of high after a wetting. Incredible." She looked up her own skirt and said: "And the damage is almost nil. It is not the quantity that counts, it's the quality, gals." Cindy and Alice could not withstand this invitation. Alice sat down quite carefully, still afraid to spoil her skirt, while Cindy just squashed her panties down onto the grass and delightfully sopped away in her mini. Inspecting wet panties still was fun. Cindy won with a higher soaking factor, but Alice's nicely stained blue crotch was much more of a milestone in her career. Especially her leather skirt pushing against the wet fabric without being stained excited her. Cindy smiled: "I told you so! These skirts are great!" 

Diana honked the horn, and the three girls slowly got up and walked back to the van. Alice still a bit unsure, Cindy quite normally, and Maureen on feathers. Maureen even made a twirl just before entering the bus, and could not help flashing her wet bum again when spreading out the plastic bag on her seat. The rest of the way to the manor, the van was filled with laughter and chatter, with only Jane sulking in the back. But gradually, she developed a counter plan. 

When the bus reached the closed gate to the manor, a moveable fence of about one meter high, Ann opened the door to get out of the van. But Jane was faster and yelled: "I'll open the gate. Just go ahead, I'll catch up with you in a minute." Cindy, Maureen, Alice, Janice, and Melissa did not think twice and almost rolled out of the van. A walk of half a mile through deserted forest with a deserted manor ahead was just too much of an opportunity. Diana sighed and decided that she had to wait just a little longer than the others. Ann smiled, closed the door again and said to Diana: "Just go on. Let them have fun. The road is not crowded and even if somebody sees them, nothing can happen. And on the driveway up to the manor, it's even safer." Diana shrugged and released the brake. 

The six girls left alone at the side of the road, next to the gate, split up in two groups: the skirted wet ones, and the trousered dry ones. Especially Maureen and Cindy really hated occasions like these, where they could perfectly well wet anything they wanted, but had already done so without anything to spare. Maureen spread her feet and leaned forward with her hands on her knees, trying to find something extra. It really looked very much like she was wetting herself, and this definitely was part of the fun. But no, nothing. Jane and Janice, both wearing jeans, had less of that problem. Jane had done it in her jeans a couple of times before and knew pretty well what to expect, but Janice was new to this game. "Is there anything special I should think of?" she asked Jane. "Nothing at all. Just wet. It's definitely different compared to your uniform, I guarantee, but all in all it is worth every drop. The fun is, you cannot possibly hide anything. So don't even try." 

Jane did not try. She turned towards the road, spread her legs wide, and waited for the next car to pass by. It came within a minute. As soon as it rounded the corner and approached the girls at the gate, Jane relaxed and wet heavily into her jeans. It still took a few seconds for the stain to appear, and even then it started only halfway down her left thigh. But soon, her other thigh followed, and then quickly her whole crotch and the inside of both her legs as well. With her hands challengingly on her hips, Jane watched the car come closer and pushed extra hard when it passed. The driver obviously looked at her and the girls cheered when they saw the car jerk over the road when he remembered what he was supposed to do in a car. Jane leaked out and sighed: "Wow. My first in jeans in public. It was fantastic." She sopped over to the gate and hoisted herself up onto it. "Come on, Janice. Action!" 

Janice briefly thought about her beautiful uniform with the short skirt and the nice absorbing panties, but soon realized that she could wear that uniform for hours that day. It would not be a matter of wasting anything when she now went in her jeans instead of in her uniform. But not like Jane. That was too much of the good thing. Something more stealthy was more her style. She hopped onto the fence next to Jane and balanced herself. Then she opened her knees wide and looked down to her crotch---too much stealth was nothing, either. Because she had to go pretty bad, it did not take long before she felt it coming up. "Just go, Janice," Jane assured her. She did. With one firm push, Janice made it impossible to back out any more.

About half her bladder went into her jeans in one gush, and it clattered down onto the half-hard ground before somebody could even see a stain. With her eyes closed, Janice enjoyed the peculiar feeling of warm wee going down her thighs and legs in strange ways, completely unlike what she used to feel when wetting her cheerleader outfit. It was better, in a sense, but because she now very obviously started to stain her trousers, she could not just pranch away. Well, of course she could, and she would, but not in public. Skirts still had the advantage, Janice thought, while delightfully wetting herself for a minute. When it was over, she looked just as pissed as Jane, and this made her feel quite horny. 

Now only Melissa was dry, but she wore a brand-new pair of black leggings just bought in town. Not exactly ideal for any wet fun. "Don't bother, girls. It's not my first time in leggings. I would have welcomed a tight skirt halfway down my thighs though. And high boots, of course. But I'll imagine them." Walking like a girl would do in a dancing when she wants to be picked up, Melissa made a round and then approached Cindy, still wiggling her hips. "Hi baby," she said with a low voice, "wanna dance?" Without waiting for any response, she simply put Cindy's hands on her own hips and started a slow movement, not really dancing but more the seductive pre-bed kind of thing she used to practice in dancings at Saturday evenings. Cindy followed, not sure what was expected of her. Maureen said: "Sorry baby, have to go."

She just opened her legs a bit, stopped moving, and wet herself. Her black leggings did not show much, and in a dark dancing it would have been almost invisible. Except for the puddle, of course. Maureen looked down at her imaginary skirt: "Oh rats, I went already." With a tight denim skirt, this would obviously be a major giveaway. The girls all knew that it would be almost impossible to keep it unstained when wetting yourself this way. A bit unsure, Janice asked: "Hey Melissa, do you always pick up boys this way?" Melissa shuddered from delight and nodded. "Yes, mostly. It does not always work, but if he runs away, there are usually three others fighting to escort me home."

"Never got into trouble?" Jane asked incredulously. "Oh yes, twice."

"And?"

"Got laid by the bouncer." 

In the mean time, Diana and Ann were well underway towards the manor. Diana already planned how she would get herself wet panties after unloading the van, and Ann just made herself comfortable in the passenger's seat. She slid down a bit in her seat and rested her head on the back. And then she opened her knees real wide, stretching her blue skirt almost to its limits. Diana immediately knew what Ann was going to do: "Stop! Don't wet the car seat! We will never be able to dry it in time!" But Ann just smiled and told: "No sweat. I wear something special." For the rest, she made no sound, but her body language was very clear. At first, just her wide open knees gave any indication about what she was going to do. Then Diana noticed that Ann's belly moved a bit up and down. She was pushing. Smiling, Diana imagined what it must feel like to push like this when wearing all your clothes. Obviously Ann could have hold it quite a bit longer without any problem. 

A slight sigh of Ann revealed that she had succeeded in her goal and that her panties had had their first spurt. She now put her hands flat on her seat and pushed herself up a bit, still with her knees far part. "Oh God," she mumbled. When Ann started to move her knees and hips rhythmically, Diana knew that Ann definitely was weeing in her clothes, and not a little bit. She thought that she could even hear some hissing over the noise of the car engine while she pulled over in front of the house. After shutting down the engine, she inspected Ann more closely. Ann was still squirming in the car seat, glowing of satisfaction, and during the final stages of her wetting she pushed her hands in her crotch through her skirt. Diana expected to see her skirt turn dark, but no. Then Ann hopped a few times in her seat and a slight squelching noice together with soft crackle of plastic gave her away: "You are wearing a diaper! That's what you've bought! How does it feel?" 

Ann hopped some more, moved her legs, and finally got out of the car, letting the folds of her skirt just fall elegantly down her legs. "Actually it does not feel at all. The wetting itself was nice and warm, but now I don't feel anything except the bulky diaper itself."

"Geez, they must be right then. Those diapers are so high-tech that they do keep you dry. That's no fun!" Ann agreed. "But still, they are wildly convenient. Think about tonight! We can wet our beds and it won't be causing a mess!" Diana's eyes opened wide when she realized that Ann must have bought a packet of diapers and wanted to share. "Really? Oh yes! Thanks! That would be great!" 

Before they unloaded the van, Diana asked Ann if she could slip on her uniform first. "Sure, I'll wait a minute. I think I can wee some more. Don't hurry." But of course, Diana did hurry. Quickly she dashed up the stairs and undressed except for her underwear. Just for the thrill of it, she always wore a pair of her red cheerleader panties. It made changing into her uniform more exciting, because in this way keeping on her panties gave her the feeling of wearing real underwear. On top, wetting them became much more fun, just as wetting underwear is more fun than wetting a swim suit. 

Diana put on her short red cheerleader skirt, her revealing red sweater, and her red boots. In front of the mirror she gazed at herself for a moment, then twisted the waist band of her skirt so that it became a bit shorter. When she raised her left eyebrow, a hint of panties now appeared just below the hem. Good! She pulled the hair pins out of her hair, and rushed downstairs again. Ann patiently waited for her, leaning against the van, her legs apart under her full skirt, calmly pushing. Diana felt the warm wind caress her bare legs and play with her tiny skirt, and revelled in the idea of wearing this lovely outfit for the rest of the day. At that moment, Ann went through her knees a bit and moaned. But nothing came down onto the ground. She just got wetter inside. After finishing, she straighted out her blue skirt and picked up a crate. "You look good, Diana. Really good."

"Thanks, Ann. And I feel great, too!" 

While carrying the goods inside, Diana looked around for a good place to break in her uniform for today. She could go anywhere, of course, but Diana always felt naughtier by planning these events carefully in advance and living towards them for a while. Soon she had made up her mind, and every time she passed The Place while ferrying between kitchen and van, her excitement grew. When she would be ready, she would go there and spoil her uniform panties in the most inconspicuous way possible. And she knew exactly how. 

Long ago, Diana had witnessed a little girl that lived close to her play a naughty game. Every Saturday afternoon, when Diana was making her homework in between dance practice and fitness sessions, the girl would come prancing through Diana's street, on the way home from the nearby playground. Usually she was quite dirty from the playing, and it was obvious that her mother would put her into the bath and her clothes into the laundry immediately after coming home. And apparently this was exactly what the girl counted on.

Almost every Saturday, the girl would sit down on the curb of the sidewalk, with her dress casually pulled away so that her panties sat directly on the bare concrete. Then she would pull up her knees, wrap her arms around them, and just sit there for a minute or two, inevitably developing a blush. The first few times, Diana had wondered what the girl was waiting for, and what was so exciting about sitting on the curb. But it quickly became clear that after the girl had left, a dark patch on the curb remained. And a few times, Diana had actually seen the girl's panties turn dark. Quite a way to prepare for bath, she had thought at that time, but nothing more. Just child's play. Although Diana would always drop her pencil whenever the girl came by to do her bathtime thing. 

In hindsight, these observations must have eased Diana's decision to wet herself out of necessity during that awful football match many years ago. In any case, they had helped immensely to overcome her initial feelings of rejection or even disgust as far as wet panties were concerned. The rest was history. So even now she was almost thirty, she still enjoyed the virtues of a nicely wet pair of panties and made a point of ceremonially wetting herself at least once a week. 

Of course, an opportunity such as this cheerleader camp asked for a bit of adaptation. Once a week was nice, but more was better! Diana put the last box in the kitchen and drunk down three glasses of water. It would take about three quarters of an hour for the effect to become noticeable, but she had plenty of time today. No hurry to get wet before cheerleader practice was over or her boyfriend needed to go home. Wonderful! Diana went out onto the lawn to relax and to catch some sun. And to wait, of course. 

In the mean time, Ann had changed into her cheerleader uniform as well. Like Diana, she had untied her hair and seemed very keen to let her bare legs shine in the sun, trying to adjust the length of her skirt to the absolute minimum. She had left her diaper in their room, but nonetheless looked determined to get wet again in short time. Ann brandished with something while approaching Diana, who was doing stretching exercises on the lawn in front of the manor. "Hey Diana, let's make a change. Me your red panties, you my blue ones." Eh? Diana blinked while folding herself over her left leg with her right leg stretched out in the opposite direction. "Your uniform should not be completely red," Ann added. "And I want to see what red panties do under a white skirt, if that's what we gonna get for the new season."

Well. Ehm. Okay. Yeah, you have a point. Why not? Diana managed to get herself back on her feet and, still reluctantly, pulled down her panties. Ann handed over the pale blue pair and stepped into Diana's flashy red ones. Both girls spent some time comparing the contrast between their skirts and panties, agreed that red-under-white was probably the best given their show, and then continued stretching in tandem. Diana now was more aware than ever of the moments that her panties peeked out from under her skirt, and it made her feel sexy and excited. Ann really liked the red accent to her uniform, but in hindsight thought that maybe signal orange would have been even better. She should ask Maureen for advice. 

Some laughting drifted over the lawn, and the two girls saw the rest of the squad appear out of the woods. At first sight, all the girls looked quite normal, but soon the obvious dark stains in Jane's and Janice's jeans became visible. Alice and Cindy looked like they enjoyed every step, Maureen's skirt had some spots at the front, and Melissa's black leggings clung to her ass just a bit too tightly. As soon as they saw Diana and Ann in their uniform, Jane, Janice, and Maureen rushed towards the front door to get changed as well. Alice wanted to follow them, but held back when she saw that Cindy did not hurry at all. "Hey Alice, you must feel those two diet Cokes as much as I do. Wanna wet again?"

"Well, I was thinking of my uniform. This skirt is good, but my uniform still feels more comfy."

"Okay, no sweat. You had enough practice for today. Go ahead, I'll be there in a moment. My uniform can wait, I'll have enough opportunities to spoil it in the afternoon. This is gonna be serious." Alice slowly started to walk towards the front door while Cindy pulled a bit at the waist band of her leather mini, and then reached between her legs to adjust something. Alice silently waited on the steps to see how Cindy would do it. 

It was quite simple, after all. First Cindy took off her heels and socks. Then she stretched her arms above her head, put her hands in her neck, and moved her bare feet at least three feet apart. When her skirt started to get in the way, she pulled it up a bit more and then left her hands in her sides. It was the clearest pose Alice could think of if you wanted to yell at the world that you were going to wee in your panties. Next, Cindy took a few deep breaths and waited, obviously very well aware of all the attention she attracted. When she felt she could begin to wee in her underwear, she pushed, skipped her usual first careful trickle completely, and let her panties have it all. The warmth rushed through her knickers and got everywhere instantly. She could feel and hear her wee splattering against her leather skirt and bounce back to her panties and upper thighs. Under her spotless outer clothes it was a complete mess, warm and wet, and it was fabulous. 

When she was in full swing, clearly visible in the bright sunlight, she let her feet slide apart further and further over the grass and eventually made a soft landing right in the middle of the drenched spot of muddy grass under her crotch. She sat there for another minute, apparently still weeing into her underwear, with her eyes closed and delightfully hopping in the wet soppy mess that was made up of grass, mud, wee, and soaked cheerleader panties. This was impossible with anything but a leather skirt without leaving undeniable traces, and Alice almost came back to join in.

But her desire for her uniform was just a bit stronger. Eventually Cindy stopped getting wetter, and with a sigh of pleasure, she rolled over, picked up her socks and pumps and got to her feet in one smooth movement, and headed for the front door. Ann and Diana applauded for this display of athletics, and Alice wanted only one thing: to get in her uniform and practice as long as needed to get this limb. She turned around and bolted up the stairs, her heels clicking on the marble. Her wet panties itched under her skirt and yelled for attention. 

(end of part 7b) 

