Torturing Your Full Bladder
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by aktl on October 9th, 2010 at 9:12AM

One of the things I like the most is to test my limits while having a full bladder. There are several ways to do this, and different exercises to do during the different stages of fullness.

When you have a full bladder, after normal people would go to the bathroom, but before you get to the desperation stage I like to do something a bit daring: climb a rope. For every move upwards you have to spread your legs apart and then hang them around the rope further up, and every time you hold on to the rope with your legs you add pressure to the bulging bladder, and your hands are occupier as well, so there is no way you can use those to prevent leaking either!

Next, when you start to get a bit desperate, is the belt. Preferably one that you can make nice and tight, pushing back the bladder till it looks almost flat again. This is when you start to have really trouble holding it in. (I love that feeling!)

Another thing to do is lying on your stomach on your bed. Slowly lower yourself, try to avoid using your hands to prevent leakage. If this is manageable (even barely) lift and lower your butt from the mattress. This applies and takes away the pressure on the bladder and gives you the best feeling EVER!!! This of course is only if you are alone, otherwise I might suggest having sex.

Later when you’re getting quite desperate and can’t sit/stand still, comes the next stage: Stand still, straighten up your posture (no bending), no hands (this is really difficult and you should probably have a towel on your floor just in case), and if you are more daring slowly spread your legs apart. Feel your control over the bladder!

When you’re getting really desperate, try to lie on your back on the bed. Straighten your legs, and try to take your hands away, one at a time. Lightly use your hand(s) to feel your bladder, almost tickling it, and even slightly push on it. This is a huge turn-on if a boyfriend/girlfriend does it on you!!!

Finally, if you’ve managed to hold on for all this time comes the last stage. Take of your pants/panties and sit down on the toilet, but DO NOT pee. After a while pee for only a second, then stop. If you manage, try it again. Usually this is when you simply lose control over the bladder (and later run to the bathroom every half hour for the next few hours, hehe).

For additional punishment, try to drink something, or listen to/watch running water such as the tap or a waterfall etc. I’ve also heard that those vibrating back-massage things are great to use as bladder punishment if you lay it on a bulging bladder.

Anyway, none of these methods are necessary if you have a great boyfriend/girlfriend who’s into the same thing and will torture it for you. Unfortunately I don’t have one, so I cannot write about that :-(

If any of you reading this have more methods for torturing/punishing a full bladder, please let me know!!!

