Title: Charity Watersports Concert
	Entry to: Month 26
By: King P.

The charity concert was raging. A stadium full of people had gathered around. Status Quo had just finished, and were cheered off. A tannoy voice announced that Cher was coming on stage, met with rupturous applause. Cher was hoping for a quick pee before she went on stage, but the backstage toilets were full except one. She quickly moved towards the vacant toilet, but she saw Kylie Minogue sneak in before her. "Damn her!" Cher cursed.

She knew she hadn't got time to wait around, and had to be on staged, so she left the toilets, and proceeded to the stage. A loud cheer erupted as the crowd recognised her. She smiled and waved at the crowd, and then began to sing her first number, The Shoop Shoop Song. Despite her needs she managed to avoid singing "It's in his piss!". She started pacing around the stage as she sang. Then she moved on to her next song, If I could turn back time. As she was singing it, she thought "Blimey, I'd have gone to the loo before I started if I could turn back time!"

After singing two more numbers, getting more desperate as she went on, she was relieved that her time was up and she could rush off, and empty her bladder. Once she was off the stage, she made a mad dash for the toilets, only to find that Eternal had taken the three remaining vacant traps between them, and she was left waiting. She was getting more and more desperate. She crossed her legs together, and grabbed her crotch.

Alannis Morissette rushed in, obviously desperate. She noticed all toilets were taken. "Come on she shouted!" I'm desperate, and I got to go on in a minute.

Cher said, "I'm desperate, and I'm still waiting, you'll just have to hold it!"

A glimmer of hope arose, as one toilet flushed, and Vernie Bennet came out, Cher made a quick dash, but Alannis pushed her out of the way, and she fell on the floor. Alannis shut herself in the toilet and a loud hissing was heard from her cubicle. Cher was even more desperate. A jet of pee squirted from her pussy, and she cursed. She was relieved when she heard another toilet flush, and as Kelle from Eternal came out of the toilet, she rushed in pulled down her panties, and let the pee flow. She took a piece of toilet paper and wiped the pee stain out of her panties as best she could. She was relieved when the pee was finished. As she came out of the toilet, she noticed Alannis Morissette washing her hands. She just left as quickly as possible. Alannis turned round, and noticed the door was left open with Geri Haliwell sitting on the toilet. She said "You know what the doors are for?" and left.

Shortly after that, by mere coincidence, the four remaining Spice Girls entered. There was one toilet free, so Mel C said "I got to go, I had a dodgy curry." So Emma got a pack of cigarettes out of her handbag, and offered one to Victoria and Mel B, and they had a smoke while they waited for a door to become vacant. Two doors became vacant, so Mel B and Victoria quickly jumped in and relieved themselves. Emma was still left holding on. Unfortunately she eventually lost control and pee flowed, leaving a stain in her trousers. She just couldn't hold back. Mel C came out of the toilet. Emma said "Cor! I can smell the effect of that curry from here! Unfortunately I've had an accident."

"Oh dear," said Mel. "I don't know what we're going to do about that." Shortly afterwards, Mel C and Victoria came out of the toilets, and realised what had happened.

"We'd beter go back and get Emma changed," said Victoria. They informed security that their performance would be delayed somewhat so the necessary arrangements could be made. They went back to their hotel suite, where Emma got out of her pee soaked costume, had a shower, and put on fresh underwear and trousers. They then returned to the stadium to give a good performance.


