Dinner for Two

Posted by Tinker, on March 04, 1999 at 23:14 

 When I closed the door of my apartment behind me, I could smell that my boyfriend had already started cooking. Not difficult to notice, with his preference for Oriental dishes. I rounded the corner and dropped my sports bag against the kitchen bar. "Hi. I'm in."

"Hello dear. How was the practice today?" I sat down on one of the high bar stools and sighed. "It was okay. Sort of. We all got completely soaked even before we started with the practice. Maureen did it straight into her street clothes, Michelle followed suit, and some others absolutely wanted to wet outside on campus. I'm concerned about it. Ann says that it is nothing and that we are just playing, but it goes quite far these days. Nobody ever has a dry practice. We all have that irresistible urge to go in our panties all the time." He just kept stir-frying some vegetables. "You played, too?"

"Of course I played. I was the first one." Ignoring his hilarious laugh, I sulked over a glass of Baileys and decided to put on my uniform again. That usually made me feel better. 

While I was brushing my hair in the bathroom, wearing my uniform sweater, my skirt, a fresh pair of panties, and a pair of red loafers, I thought about the day. My normal work had gone quite well, until that dreadful telephone call came in. Just complete all team paperwork before next Monday, because the sport complex's supervisor would be going abroad for a week so everybody else should hurry up. Yeah, right. A complete tank of coffee had gotten me through the endless stacks of paper at work, and then some more stacks for the team. This wretched university would one day drown in its own paper. Susan came to practice way before scheduled time, so she disturbed my work, but in a sense also brought relief. It was great to have a reason to stop working.

I stroke my chest and belly and relived that inexplicably wonderful moment again when I marked my uniform for the day. In the mirror I observed my pretty skirt, topping my legs, and imagined what life would be like without it. Having to wear normal gym suits or hot pants or one of those other modern outfits would have been hell for me. Nice panties mostly hidden under a short skirt, period. The short, tight sweater that showed my belly button when I raised my arms and enhanced my profile all the time was the third best garment. Cindy had done a truly great job in selecting this uniform. It was a much less formal uniform than other cheerleader outfits I had ever seen, yet it served its purpose magnificently. Nobody would dare to go out in this type of daring outfit except us, lucky team members, and it was still as respectable and traditional as it could be. Once in a while, traditional role patterns could be fun, I decided. 

Feeling sexy and seductive, I went back to the living room and slipped behind the kitchen bar to hug my boyfriend. As always when he was busy doing something, he did not really react. After a minute of fruitless hugging, I gave up, put a CD in the player and started doing some exercises on the floor in the middle of the living room. I liked dancing on music. Actually I had been thinking of getting into touch with the university's marching band to see if they liked the idea of teaming up with out squad, to put a show together that was more than either just music or just cheering. While I was dancing, I felt my boyfriend's eyes in my back quite a few times. I made sure that I offered him lots of accidental peeks up my skirt. Even if he would not jump me right there, it would have its effect later on, I knew. 

Over dinner, we talked about nothing in particular for a while, his work, my work, some friends. Automatically the discussion came on to the subject of the squad. I told him about Susan's and Michelle's careful first experiments, which quickly became not so careful any more. "It's funny how rapidly these things catch on with you girls," he remarked. "As far as I remember, most of you were more curious than anything else when the subject first came up, and after you tried it once, you all were hooked." I protested. "It's not that simple. Some of us were quite anxious to try it, yes. Jane comes to mind, and I know that Alice had been experimenting a bit when she was a little girl. But Michelle took quite a step before she started to like it."

"And you? I know the story of that desperate move on the field you made once, but I've not heard how you carried on afterwards." I stretched my arms over my head and sighed of pleasure. 

"It was my personal little game, at first. After I had gotten away with the initial embarrassment without being spotted, I thought it would be over and forgotten. But that night in bed, the experience came back, and I started to recall other things I had seen when I was at school. You know about that girl that lived a few streets away, who came back from playing at the fairgrounds every Saturday, on her way to the bath tub at home? I found it weird at the time, but it must have stuck in my mind somewhere. When I was laying in my bed that night, the image of that girl sitting on the edge of the sidewalk with her knees pulled up came back. How calm and self-assured she did a pee in her panties, and how she used her skirt to hide it. It was that I was looking directly at her and knew what to expect, otherwise she would have fooled me.

But after seeing her a few times, I knew that she would always sit down to wet herself. I realized that my situation on the field had been quite the same, knowing that I would wet myself soon without showing any sign yet. Even a good observer would not have expected that I would start to pee in my panties on the field. Feeling horny, I began to play with myself, and the more I relived the experience of that afternoon, the more excited I got. When I came to the point where I relived going in my uniform, I climaxed, and not a little bit." My boyfriend had put down his fork and was watching me with his hands under his chin and a big smile on his face. 

"So you got interested?"

"I did, I think. For a few days nothing happened, but the next time I wore my uniform, it was different. I noticed it, I felt excited just by putting it on. I was much more aware of every move I made, every time my dress flipped up and revealed my panties. I stood on the field, feeling that I could do a wee if I would want to. Of course I did not, but I thought about it. Back in the locker room before showering I briefly hesitated in taking my uniform off. Nothing happened of course. But the next time the feeling was there again, and again. In my warm bed at night, I regularly fantasized about doing it, playing with myself at the same time."

"It's weird that it happened with me much the same way," he remarked. "Only I did not experience an accident myself." I laughed. "Maybe we all need to be pushed over the edge by something." 

"When did you try it for real?"

"Two weeks later. I had been thinking of a way to have the same experience again, but voluntarily this time. It seemed best to do it at home, in the shower stall, just before taking a shower. So after the next cheerleader performance, I told everybody that I needed to hurry to make it to the dorm in time for a party, and skipped the showers. It was nice weather and nobody would really notice a cheerleader walking over the campus in her uniform. Quickly I said goodbye to the rest and left the locker room, feeling more than a bit excited. When I would get home, I would need to pee, step into the shower stall, do it in my panties, and then take a shower and clean up." 

"I felt very funny walking home. There was nothing special about it, yet it was completely different to me. Here I was, wearing my complete cheerleader outfit, with the full intention of wetting my panties as soon as the door had closed behind me. Call it heightened awareness or such, but every step I took, every turn I made became fun. All people I passed were friendly and smiled at me, a few boys even whistled. Halfway home I had gotten so excited that I wanted to run the rest of the way, but I kept my pace and decided to sit down on a bench for a moment, to cool down. I assure you, I was very aware of my panties when sitting down! It was a busy place near the campus square, with lots of people sitting and laying on the lawns around the pond. A few handsome boys had gathered on the ground not far away, and after a minute they invited me over to share a wine cooler they had brought.

Well, I could hardly refuse. I was getting popular, you know. Of course, it was impossible to sit down on the grass properly with such a short dress, so I started out on my knees, but that began to hurt after a while. They noticed and made a few jokes about my uniform. We've all seen your panties during the game, they said. It does not do us anything at all any more. In the end I gave in and relaxed, still trying to be modest but not that seriously. I squatted, sat cross-legged, even pulled up my knees with my arms wrapped around them. They were all trying very hard not to give themselves away, but every ten seconds their eyes drifted down. I am sure most of the time they had a pretty good view. Probably none of them slept easily that night." 

"Of course, this type of attention only increased my own excitement, and the wine cooler did not help either. When I finally got up and said goodbye, I felt light-headed and naughty. Walking away with their eyes on my ass, I very much looked forward to the shower, especially after what had happened on the lawn. You know, making those same innocent panties they had been watching for an hour go dark. While walking over the path leading to my dorm, I heard a bike coming from behind. It was one of the boys, catching up with me. We talked a bit while we moved on, and when we reached a crossing where I had to turn left while he would go the other way, we both stopped and continued talking. We just did not feel like saying goodbye so soon." 

"I don't know if it was because of the sun or because of the wine or because of me feeling at ease with him, but I got the idea of using the situation to do something very, very naughty. He must have felt it, the tension, but did not know what I was up to, of course. I saw he gazed at my chest and my legs once in a while, trying to hide it. So I gave in a bit. I arced my back slightly, then casually put my hands on my back. He clearly got excited as well, I could see. Still talking, I brought the subject on my uniform. Don't you think it's cute, I asked him.

He almost fainted! He stuttered and unsurely answered that yes, it was very cute, and that he liked to watch us cheerleaders do our performance. I beamed, of course, and shyly drew a line in the sand with my toe, to avoid needing to answer. When I put my foot flat on the ground again, I happened to have my legs open. Not much, but more than casual. I also slid my hands forward so that they rested on my hips. Yeah, it's a great uniform, I said, now clearly showing it off. Don't you think it's too challenging? He needed quite some time before he could utter something coherent, and in the mean time I felt it coming. 

Only a very short, thin dress was in between his eyes and my panties, my legs completely bare, and my feet spread out in the dry sand. It was a total giveaway and complete madness to do it like that, but I felt so naughty and so excited that there was no way of stopping myself. While he was still searching for words, probably with the image of my panties on his retina, I began wetting them. Very carefully of course, but quite well. I felt them getting wet and prayed nothing would show. It did not. I kept my pose and waited for him to finish answering my question.

When he finally said, yes, it's challenging, but also very cute, I smiled at him and wet again. I was now posing in front of an admirer in my full uniform, and I wore wet panties up my dress! Secretly I hoped that he would drop something and stoop down to pick it up, so that he could accidentally get a peek of my wet underwear. But he didn't. I think I stood like that for a minute, offering myself to his eyes, and he really did not know where to look or what to say, much less that I had peed my gorgeous outfit. I still wonder whether that knowledge would have made a difference! 

To put an end to his torture, I said, well I need to go now, and we quickly said goodbye. He mounted his bike and rode off, looking backward twice. I waved at him. Keeping my pose, I waited until he was far enough away, looking around if there were people near. There weren't. With my head buzzing from excitement and taking quite a risk, I spread my legs a bit more and released myself. At first nothing happened, but soon I felt a wonderful sensation of getting warm and wet between my legs, and when the first drops hit the sand I practically orgasmed.

For a few seconds I kept peeing my uniform, then reason took over again. I squatted with my thighs clenched together to stop the dripping, then walked home as if nothing had happened, but probably as red as a beetroot. Mind you, I had just done a pee in my full uniform, out in the open, and was walking home wearing soaking wet panties up my minidress! It gave the same thrill as after the emergency on the field, but it was much, much naughtier. It felt so good, it was unbelievable. Also, it made climbing the steps quite an expedition. Usually I was not that aware of how easily people could look up my dresses, but now I was! 

As soon as I got home I dashed to the shower, kicked off my sneakers and stepped into the stall, this time with my legs tightly together. I could see myself in the mirror. I could see my dress, hiding the secret. Nothing suspicious, nobody would notice. I could feel my moist, sticky panties clinging to my ass, probably showing a terrific stain. Well, they were wet anyway, I said to myself as if to allow my body to begin. When I felt it coming, I counted down from ten to increase the tension. And then I peed all over myself. I just pushed and let it come straight in my uniform.

It hissed in my crotch, spiraled over my legs, and gurgled down the drain. But in the mirror, there was just a pretty cheerleader standing on the field. Yes, it had felt like this during that game. But now it was not only warm and relieving, it was exciting and naughty and I got completely turned on. When I was done wetting myself, I stepped out of the stall and hiked up my dress to see how I looked. Well, you know how I looked. Something snapped, I reached down between my legs and got myself off right there in front of the mirror, coming hard in my uniform." 

My boyfriend now obviously had forgotten completely about his dinner. I kicked him. "Wake up! Your wonderful dish is getting cold." Reluctantly, he picked up his fork again and messed around in his bowl. "Lost your appetite?" I kept straight and attacked my own bowl with renewed energy, feeling mean. He did not really wake up. Okay then, I thought. The CD player had stopped, so I got up to exchange the disc, going through my knees to reach the machine while making sure that my panties peeked out from under my skirt.

Teasing him like this was fun! I put in another disc, with some pompous marching band music that I had received once from the university's band leader. He claimed they could play music like this, and halfly suggested that we would act as majorettes for the marching band. No way, of course. We were not going to twirl batons. But if we wanted to advance our performance, we should get away from the football field, with its desperately bad team. Partially switching over to the marching band seemed reasonable. I turned up the volume a bit when some heavily orchestrated brass band music rolled out of the speakers. 

Back at the table, I discussed the idea with my boyfriend. "I think we can come up with some pretty energetic dancing to go with the drive of the music," I said. "Not the usual static twirling and marching, and not the cheerleader-like pompom-waving and tumbling, but something completely different. Inspired by modern street dancing, but with more elaborate movements so that it still looks good from a distance, as in a stadium. What do you think of it?" He swallowed a mouthful of rice and looked puzzled. "Sorry Diana, I think I miss something here. You want to dance, but that's about as far as I understand it all. No majorettes, no cheerleaders, but what then? I just don't get the idea." I got up to reset the CD player and took position in the middle of the living room, which had a clear space where most people tended to put a table, so that I could practice there. "Of course I did not put together a proper choreography, but I think I can give you a good idea," I said. "Just watch." 

At the first rhythmic tones of the march, I stretched my hands above my head, swept them left and right, did a spin, and repeated the movements in the other direction. Ow! This was hard work! Concentrating, I tried to keep in sync with the music while sequencing a couple of dozens standard movements from the top of my head. It was half autopilot and half inspiration, but it went pretty well. When I got the hang of it, my mind freed up just enough to think one bar of music ahead, and I could select sequences that fitted together. Towards the end of the piece, I did some high jumps with one toe touch, and on the final note I landed on the ground doing the splits, my body stretched out over my left leg. Panting, I stayed like that for a moment. I thought I was fit, but this type of performance was new to me. 

My boyfriend applauded. "Gee Diana, that was impressive! Very good! Yes, this would be great to do in the stadium during the break, or even on the way there, leading the marching band. I like it much better than the cheers you do. I bet others do, too." I carefully got up, searching for strained muscles, but I seemed to be okay. "You like it? That is promising. I will get Cindy to work out a choreography with me. She's the most experienced team member, no wonder with her enthusiasm. And then I'll try it out with Ann to see if she can do it." Straightening my back, I saw him smiling. "What? What's so funny?"

"Well, you have no idea how incredibly sexy your dance was. Your uniform already leaves little to imagine, but with those wild movements everything stretched and flipped up. Normally people wear one-piece gym suits for this. You wear a short tight sweater and a cheerleader skirt. It's fabulous. In fact, you might run into trouble with the university board, unless they again think it's representative." 

I burst out into laughter when I remembered the last time one of those pricks called us representative. "Oh, I don't think they will take our uniforms away or ban dancing on the marching band's music. Especially not if they think the university gains prestige by it. That's what political animals feed on, anyway. But was it really that sexy? It did not cross my mind at all."

"You should have seen yourself, it was almost a night club act in some stages. It's the quick succession of movements that does it. The individual positions are innocent enough." I got curious now, and went back to the clear area in front of the audio equipment. With the score still in my head, I started it again, this time trying to be fully aware of what I did. But it still escaped me which movements were so sexy. When the score was finished, my friend suggested that he would call "Freeze!" when I struck a sexy pose, and so I tried again. During the third bar, he called, and I kept my pose to the millimeter. Watching myself, I found out what he meant. In between two standard positions, I had to spread my feet firmly to keep my balance. It took only a second, but it was long enough to notice. In a gym suit this probably would have passed unnoticed, but in a mini skirt apparently not. "Oh," I said, "If you think this is sexy, I can make some adjustments." 

I replayed the score again, now really paying attention to my poses. Whenever I could I kept my legs apart and twice I even touched the ground while having them spread. He watched almost with his mouth drooling! Working through all the movements again, I counted five moments where I had my legs wide open, two back arches, and a couple of spins that probably would pop my panties into view. Well, this might be sexy after all. I threw myself into the final splits and took a few seconds to get my breathing stable. When I looked up from my stretched position on the floor, I saw that he was rubbing between his legs.

"Great, Diana. Wonderful. If ten girls would be doing this, the whole stadium would get turned on in an instant."

More flattered than anything else, I got up and then let myself fall down back onto the couch to recuperate from the effort. But he would not let me. He jumped on top of me, gave me a hug and nibbled on my left ear. A lightning bolt struck my central nerve system and I briefly spasmed, inhaling sharply. In a reflex I grabbed him with my arms and thrusted my hips forward. Even through his jeans and my thin uniform I could feel how hard he was. He ran his fingers through my hair and massaged my neck. Another spasm warped my body. "I want you," I whispered. But he did not react, just kept on caressing my back, now using his fingernails. I could not suppress a cry of pleasure. Alas, he stopped. Trying to free himself from my tight embrace, he muttered something about dessert and dishes. Reluctantly I let him go. Something in me always felt sad when I could not get him to go all the way at once. 

But he was right, we had dessert to finish. While he carried the plates back to the kitchen and got something out of the fridge, I reorganized myself, my hair, my clothes. I was again the pretty representative cheerleader when he came back, bringing two bowls with peeled lychees. "Anyway," I picked up the discussion where we had left off, "After I had done it for the first time on purpose, in my uniform no less, I soon felt terribly guilty and ashamed. I thought I was absolutely crazy, that I was ill and needed to see a shrink.

For days I did not dare to even think about it, and wearing my uniform was almost a punishment even after washing it thoroughly. I went to the toilet two times before practice or a game, to be absolutely sure that nothing would happen, and I went very shy on showing myself. When I was out on the field, I appeared completely stressed all the time, trying not to show my underwear. It got so far that my best friend, also in the team, asked me what had happened. Why I had become so shy, so closed up. I tried to avoid the subject, but she did not give up asking. After the practice, we went out for a coffee and she had worked it out for herself. "Hey Diana, it's not that you took a blow from that accident a month ago, did you?" 

I just burst out in tears, and she comforted me and told me that it was nothing, accidents happen, that nobody noticed, you know. "You did not lose your virginity," that's what she said. "Your uniform is not sacred. As long as nobody knows it, except us, it's just a professional way of coping with a problem. I'm sure others have done it before. I did." I sobbed and looked at her through my tears. "You did?"

"Yes. Twice. Once when stumbling over my own feet and spraining my ankle, once when I got desperate enough to panic." I rubbed my eyes clear. "When was that?"

"Oh, a couple of months ago. It was nothing, just a few spurts to gain ten minutes. It worked." I took a sip of my espresso. "So you don't think it's that embarrassing?" I asked. "Of course not! You don't want others to know, but peeing is just a normal healthy bodily function. No reasons to be embarrassed by it. Certainly not among fellow team members, who all had or will have their share." She dropped her voice to a whisper. "And you know what, when I was done wetting my panties and could move again, I found it quite naughty, walking around in a wet uniform."

I blinked and then admitted that, yes, directly after the accident I had felt the same. Standing there, being completely wet, but with nobody even looking at me. It was certainly a huge relief to discover that I was getting away with it. But afterwards, safely in the locker room, I had to reveal myself and although the others considered it much more a brave act of heroism than a childish accident, I still felt bad about it. Which was entirely the truth. I did not tell her that I started to think differently about it only the evening after the incident. I still was ashamed about my associated erotic feelings." 

I finished the lychees. Nice dessert, not too much, maybe a bit cold. "What happened to your attitude?" my friend asked. "After all, you recovered pretty well from that mental dip." I laughed. "Sandra, my friend back then, kept getting back to the subject. About how it felt, standing in our short uniform dresses and finally releasing the pressure. How inconspicuous it had been. How easy it was to cover up and to get away with even a pretty heavy accident. And she had success, after a week or two I stopped feeling guilty, not about the accident and also less about my own little naughty expedition. Wearing my uniform turned exciting again. 

Our silly talk about the accident did not really stop, though. Often we made inside jokes, and on a few occasions Sandra assured me that the next time she got caught short, she knew how to act. Standing with our thighs clenched, making a face, became a running joke. But nothing actually happened until a beautiful day in Spring. We both were walking home in uniform after a particularly wild Friday afternoon campus party, being quite tipsy from the white wine. It was wonderful weather and our dresses were a pleasure to wear, with the warm breeze playing around our bare arms and legs.

I remember that I told Sandra how free I felt, wearing just a pair of panties and a tiny dress and not much else. She agreed it felt great, and added that the breeze up her thighs also made her need to pee. Both of us had drunk quite something at the party and of course did not go to the toilet afterwards; there was none. Giggling, Sandra suggested that it would not be too bad to have an accident in our circumstances. After all, it would be just our panties and nobody would know, except for us. 

I giggled along, but held off. I was not drunk and desperate enough to go to the toilet in my dress, I said, but otherwise I would have supported the idea to find a quiet corner and have a go at it. Sandra got interested now. She asked me how I would do it, given the right circumstances. I thought for a while, then stopped walking and looked around. I told Sandra, if I had been really drunk, I would probably do it like this, and spread my legs to give my panties a clear view to the ground. Sandra gave me a funny look, then pushed me on.

Still giggling we joked back and forth, talking about proper outfits, about poses and other things to think of when you were going to have an accident. We agreed that our current outfit was probably one of the best to wear in case of emergencies, if you could keep the boys from peeking up your dress that is. This idea got us both quite excited, and after a while Sandra proposed a truth or dare game. If she dared to have an accident, I would answer one question completely truthfully. Being half drunk, I agreed. 

We continued for some fifty meters, while I teased her: "What are you waiting for? You can just go in your underwear. Nobody will see those pretty blue panties of yours getting dark. And after you are finished, you must walk a bit crouched down, that's how all wet girls walk. And with your hand between your legs." Sandra kept her face straight, but it was obvious she was excited, you could see it because of the way she walked. It was late Friday afternoon, the campus was almost deserted because most people were home or out.

Sandra noticed this, too, and without warning she stopped walking and announced that she would do it right there. With her legs wide open in a straddle, she cleared her throat and said, "Well, I dared, so let's get it over with." Breathless, we waited until it would happen, but the excitement was too much for Sandra and she could not go. So we walked on, splitting our sides from laughter, getting more excited all the time. Sandra stopped again, this time with her knees bent and her hands on her upper legs, trying to wee. "How do I look?" she asked. "Like a little girl in a little girl's dress who is about to do wee-wee in her panties," I answered. 

My boyfriend interrupted me. "I get curious. What kind of dress did you wear as a uniform?" I smiled and reached out to pinch his nose. "Our uniform was blue, blue with a purple shade, a very soft color, not harsh at all. It was a one-piece garment, with short sleeves, quite tight above the waist, straight and slightly widening below. And it was shockingly, incredibly, impossibly short. Shorter even than our current skirts. We did not really consider it a dress, but more a tunic, and did not wear underwear but shorts. Obviously they were just panties, same cut and tailoring, but we imagined them to be shorts. Otherwise we would constantly feel exposed. We were, of course, as all the boys most definitely saw them as panties.

But wait," I said while raising to my feet, "I think I still have some photos." I went over to the drawer and rummaged about for a while. An envelope with a date from nine years ago surfaced. "Nine years... I was nineteen then." I gave the envelope to my friend and sat down again. He leafed through the pictures, mostly standard trip shots. Then he found it. "Wow! Now this is something!" I smiled and leaned back, stretching myself. "Nine years ago? You both look like you are twelve! Little girls' dresses indeed. Very attractive though. Do you still have it?" I kicked him. "Yes, but I don't fit in any more, so don't ask. And no, you don't fit in either. Oh, and we wore a matching color of panties, before you ask. It was a real suit. Very susceptible to stains, as we found out." 

"Now, where was I? Oh yes, Sandra looked, well, like you can see on the photo. That's her. Remember we both were tipsy and did not really care if somebody would spot us, and with her crouching in such a short dress it was really a total giveaway. I told her the truth, she absolutely looked like a little girl who was going to do a wee-wee in her dress because mummy did not look. Apparently this was not exactly what she had in mind, so she tore away and we discussed what would be the most naughty way of doing it. And that was as a cheerleader in her uniform, period.

Sandra was delighted with the decision, and said that she now knew what to do. It seemed that the wine still was working on her, because she definitely sounded tipsy. I probably did, too. "As a cheerleader, eh?" she said, and walked up to a deserted picnic table. Before I could say anything she had climbed up the table and taken position. God it was obvious, with her legs a meter apart and her hands in her sides she was visible from a kilometer away! But she could not care less, and neither did I. I took the opportunity to sit down on the wooden bench attached to the table, and she turned so that I could see it all from an interesting angle. 

"Okay, let's have an accident in my uniform then," she said. And she started to push. I could see her belly tighten and relax, making the hem of her dress wave back and forth. But not matter what she tried, her panties stayed dry. Still straddling on the table, she complained. "Having an accident in my uniform is not that simple. I want to pee, and I need to, but it does not come." Maybe you should not try, I suggested, but just have it happen. Do something else, get distracted. Then surprise yourself. Sandra nodded and said that it might work. She pulled her legs together and jumped off the table. "Let's do a cheer," she proposed. So we did. I'm sure our voices reached out quite far, but nobody came to have a look.

We hopped and twirled for a while, going through our standard set of cheers. Then we reached the one we used when half time was announced. It was quite some work, there was a double high kick in it, a toe-touch jump, and a triple pirouette. When I had finished it, I was a bit dizzy, probably also due to the wine, and almost fell over. Sandra had the same problem, only by spreading her legs she could stay on her feet. I saw how she fumbled and laughed about it. She laughed, too, and kept giggling after having found her balance. Looking down her dress she just said, "It worked, Diana," and put her hands in her sides. She then looked at me, her face delighted from joy, and repeated: "It worked! I'm going! I'm having an accident!" 

Playing the self-assured proud cheerleader, she just released her bladder and had it all run through her underwear. Shrieking with laughter. "It's nice and warm! And nothing even goes down my legs. It feels weird, standing with my panties on and my dress down and just doing a pee. Hey Diana, I'm doing it in my uniform! What would the coach say!" I swallowed and said nothing while my girlfriend was peeing herself under her cheerleader dress right in front of my eyes. And had fun doing it, giggling all the time. My belly felt weak and I almost gave in, but could hold myself back.

Sandra did not go only half the way. She did it all, calmly and slowly, way beyond the point of having an accident. When it stopped flowing by itself, she added pressure, and emptied herself completely in her panties. Only after the last spurt had trickled its way into her warm, soppy crotch, she released her muscles and gasped. "I have done it," she whispered, "I have done it in my uniform. Peed it all in my panties. All of it. Oh Diana it feels so good. So relaxing. So warm. I've had accidents before, but this was different. Deciding yourself when to start, and expecting it to come." 

Sandra pulled her legs together and gasped again. "It is so wet, incredible. And warm, as if I have a used towel between my legs. It's exciting, having wet myself. Almost as exciting as getting wet. And now I need to walk home in dripping underwear. Can you see it?" I couldn't, her dress was just long enough. To help me she stretched her hands above her head, lifting her hem a few centimeters. I almost fainted when I saw her panties, dark and wetly clinging to her skin. She noticed my reaction, and turned her back to me, stooping down.

Her whole bottom had turned deep blue, with a clear borderline between the dry and the wet part of her uniform panties. It's very noticeable, I stammered, you should take care. Delighted she straightened her back and pushed her hair out of her face. "No problem. I'll be careful. It feels good, being wet under my dress." She tucked her hem down a bit, and we continued our walk home, Sandra beaming with pride, and obviously enjoying every step she took. Talking more to herself than to me, she continued: "I'm going to repeat this some time. Don't know where and when, but I want to go to the toilet in my panties again. It's harmless and great fun." 

Of course now I had to answer that one question. Sandra did not need to think about it, she knew already what she was going to ask me. "Diana, the truth. Did or didn't you do a pee in your dry uniform, on purpose, a few days after having had that accident on the field?" I was silent for a while, but the wine helped, and I confessed. Yes I had done a bit in my uniform, to have that feeling again. Well, a bit more. Well, you know. "Come on, Diana," Sandra said, "did or didn't you?" I did, I laughed, I did, I went all the way with my panties on and God it was fantastic. Sandra now laughed, too. "I knew it! I knew it. Your reaction came much too late to have backfired from your accident. There was something else. I've had fantasies of wetting myself a few times, but did not dare, and just imagined how I would feel if I had dared. Then you came along, shy, trying to cover yourself, embarrassed over the top. I knew it." 

Of course we both felt delighted and relieved, and I told her what I had done. She was amazed. "You did it in front of that guy? Wow! That's daring!" I told her I just leaked and got wet, but not dripping. "That does not matter. You made your cheerleader panties go dark and wet and soppy while somebody was talking to you, looking you over no doubt. With only your uniform dress to protect you." Now I was beaming, too, and remembered the wonderful feeling of making a stain in my blue underwear with a good possibility of getting caught. Sandra nudged me in my side. "You know Diana, you can do it again. Everything is set. You can go in your dress whenever you want. I don't mind. Do you?" I smiled and shook my head. "No, I don't mind either. But I'll wait." 

The rest of the walk was hilarious, we kept pushing each other around and our laughter drifted over the deserted campus. Walking in my uniform knowing that I could have a pee any time I wanted without further preliminaries made me feel even more free. My head felt light and all my worries had disappeared. Once in a while I glanced towards the skirt part of Sandra's dress, which guarded quite a secret. She knew it, she had her hands too often on the outsides of her upper thighs, stroking the soft fabric of her dress.

Slowly, the moment approached that I would be ready for it myself. When I stopped walking, Sandra knew exactly what I was up to. No preliminaries, I said to myself, and relaxed. The familiar feeling in my belly was back again. Last time I had felt this, that boy was getting nervous watching my uniform and my legs. This time, Sandra went through her knees and squatted down to pay attention to the truly relevant parts of my outfit. My pretty dry cheerleader panties. I could feel them, snugly over my ass, just a thin layer of tight fabric, shielding me from the world. And covered up for most peekers by my little dress. 

I relaxed some more and closed my eyes. Slowly it came down, lower, lower, until it passed the point of no return. I fought with my instinct not to pee with my clothes on, and standing up. When it finally happened I was in a very serene mood, not excited, but the opposite. The warm comfort flowing out into my panties brought a sensation of tranquility that was so pleasant that I could not suppress a happy sigh. Sandra smiled and said: "You are wetting your panties, I can see it. They turn dark between your legs. It's very obvious what happens from my point of view. We should never wet with somebody looking up our dresses." I was too busy getting wet to really notice her.

My tight panties caught the pee and wicked it all over my skin, there was no comparison with just doing a pee on the toilet, actually it felt not like peeing at all. My bladder released, yes, and inside my body it was the same, but the sensual experience of doing it in tight fabric was unequaled. Every new gush of warm joy sent a shudder up my spine and even my ass got warmed up. Like Sandra before, I had it all go into my underwear, stopping, starting again, leaking, pushing, gushing, dripping... all possibilities, one after the other. It was more playing than anything else. I felt sorry it came to an end. 

When I was done and my uniform would not get any wetter, Sandra stood up and together we walked on, now both of us with our hands on our thighs, as if to protect our dresses from being blown up by the wind. I ignored the drop that slalomed down my right leg and felt my damp, spongy panties rub over my skin with every move. Halfway home I just had to reach up my dress from behind and pull the wet fabric out of my crack, because it had crept in and started to itch. That gesture made Sandra remember that she had seen a school girlfriend of hers do this regularly, and now she knew what the reason was! She couldn't keep herself from doing the same right away.

"It's still much wetter than I thought," she giggled. As two little naughty wet girls we sneaked our way inside the dorm, keeping our faces straight when we passed some boys in the corridor, hurried up the stairs hoping nobody would look up, and split our sides laughing when we got to our room. We were roommates, did I tell you that? The rest of the day we spent in uniform, drinking another bottle of wine and shuttling between the mirror and the shower stall. We were wild, really." 

"So that was the start of your wet cheerleader life?" he asked, leaning backwards. "You bet. Together with Sandra, I had lots of adventures, and we took our game through our whole university career. First only in uniform, in our room or on some secure place outside. Then during the last minutes of a practice, and waiting for the other girls to go to the showers before quickly undressing, or sneaking home in uniform with wet panties on. We also wet during ralleys and other events where we needed to be present but did not do revealing cheers. In the end we tried in normal clothes, mainly long skirts and dresses. It turned out to be remarkably easy in all cases, nobody was expecting it of course so we could easily get away with it. We did complete pees while sitting on the lawn, pretending to study! 

When we graduated, Sandra left town to take up a job, while I stayed here on a temporary assignment to organize a few open days and such. Eventually I got to train the cheerleaders. My game died out completely after Sandra was gone, it was something to be shared. Imagine my surprise when the group you know re-invented the wheel and had a wet party in their brand-new uniforms, wetting purely for fun and excitement. They dared me to go in my street clothes right there, and I took up the challenge. Little did they know that wearing wet panties under skirts was nothing new to me. But doing a full pee in my skirt on the field reminded me of times I thought had passed, and I wanted to wear a miniskirt again, and wet in uniform panties instead of underwear. So I made myself a uniform. Soon after, I joined them as a practicing cheerleader again, and in no time I was back on the wet trail. We met only a few months later, if not earlier." 

He hummed from pleasure. "Yes I remember. First seeing Maureen wetting her uniform really well without noticing me. Then you trying to cover that up, suspecting my interest. And plainly seducing me. I still shudder when I think back to my excitement when you let me look up your cheerleader skirt, pretending that it was just a careless move of your knees. It was the first time a girl had me look up her skirt on purpose, you know. Well, almost." I was surprised. "Hey! That's new! Who else tried to make a pass at you before?" He laughed. "Jealous? Don't be. It was nothing.

I had been preparing a cabaret show with a girl I knew, she studied the same subject and a teacher had brought us together for a performance. I was over at her place to go over some lyrics we had written. Nothing happened, just discussing the lyrics. Without any warning, she calmly sat back on her couch across the low table and pulled her knees up against her chin. When you wear a very short denim mini skirt and white panties, such a move is certain to reveal something. Before, she did not give any hint at all, and suddenly she let me look up her skirt for ten minutes. Could it have been a true accident?" I shook my head. "No way. She knew, she absolutely knew. What did you do?"

"Nothing! Just carried on with the conversation, trying to avoid looking between her legs all the time. I still don't know what she thought." 

I leaned over and gave him a kiss. "She probably was utterly confused why you did not tell her how cute she was. Pity for her she did not know your wet fetish. What would you have done if she had made a nice stain in her impeccably white panties?"

"I would have asked her if she would like to go out for a walk," he answered, "so that she could finish it in style, squatted or with her legs apart. Maybe just in her bathroom. And then I would have asked her to keep her wet underwear on, and to sit with her skirt out of the way on a towel to continue with the lyrics." I was both surprised and flattered. "Nothing else? Not even playing with her?"

"No. I did not fancy her. She was nice, but already had a steady boyfriend, and did not attract me in particular." 

I arranged my own skirt nicely over my thighs and asked if he had other experiences with girls trying something out on him. For a moment, he shook his head, then shrugged. "I don't think so. When I was fourteen, a girl from another class had been hunting after me for a few weeks, but I ran away from her. She did not know anything about my preferences, fortunately, because I'm pretty sure that she would gladly have put on a skirt and give a wet performance to win me, even if she did not really like it herself. It was one of those girls who would do anything to get a boyfriend as soon as they got breasts, and I was on top of her list. If she had known, she would have ambushed me on my way home, blocking the road by standing in her pink dress with her legs spread as far as she could. It would have been a disaster, but it made for nice day dreams." 

"And a few years later another girl saw me turning backward all the time in class, and deduced that it must be her bare legs that were so interesting. I was on the front row and she sat three rows behind me, so I thought it was inconspicuous looking back to the rest of the class when something happened. She was smarter. In her short denim micro skirt with her knees together, not crossed because the desk was too low for that, she obviously was quite something to watch. Our eyes crossed a few times, and every time I gazed away. But she understood, and apparently allowed me one good peek.

The next time I looked back, her eyes were fixed on mine and she smiled at me. To my astonishment she had her knees wide open now, I looked straight between her thighs and her orange panties were on full display. Yes, orange under a dark blue skirt. No joke. After that, she closed her knees again and did not open them ever since." I giggled. "You know, that color combination is quite attractive to some girls. Today, Cindy wore the exact same outfit you just described, short denim skirt with flashy orange panties. It is great for teasing the boys, she said. And that while she should be teasing the girls. I'll never really understand her." 

We got up to do the dishes. While I washed them, my friend dried and put everything away. All the talking about wetting had made me quite randy, and I wanted to get him as soon as possible. Almost on instinct, I put my legs a bit apart on the tiled kitchen floor, moving them a bit further apart every time he turned away to put something in a cupboard. After a minute he noticed and gave me a kiss in my neck. I felt his hand sliding between my legs from behind to check if I was wet. Not yet, no. I hummed from pleasure when he brushed over my red button with his finger, and felt my internals getting into a higher gear. Arcing my back, I stretched my sweater over the interesting parts of my body.

It worked, he reached under my arms and cupped both my breasts with his hands. With my head on my right shoulder I invited him to kiss me again. Instead he nibbled on my ear! I gasped and moaned to encourage him. Getting worked up in my cheerleader outfit added a nice touch of naughtiness to the scene. He fondled my breasts lightly and made me want to pee. I shuffled my feet into wetting distance and felt his hardness push against my ass, through my uniform skirt and panties. His hands now fondled heavier, and I lost control over some of my minor muscles. Little spasms of pleasure bolted through my body. I put my hands low on my belly and carefully peed a little bit in my panties. It still hit like a bomb, and he sensed what happened. "Wet now?" he whispered. I gyrated my hips a bit as an answer. "Good," he said, "make yourself comfortable." I moaned again, and wet some more. 

Slowly my crotch got saturated and the warm, cozy feeling of damp fabric against my sensitive skin expanded. I added more joy, trickle by trickle, and felt it hitting my panties, bouncing, then run back between my thighs to gather somewhere in the gusset of my uniform underwear. I always thoroughly enjoyed this first phase of a wetting session, where you make a beautiful stain and lay down the groundwork, but do not leak. You wet yourself, but you don't pee through your pants yet. Sometimes I wished that this could go on forever.

My boyfriend slid his left hand down my chest, over my belly, over my skirt and left thigh until he reached the hem of my skirt. Then he went up again, exploring the extent of the wet area in my panties with a single finger. According to his hum, he was quite satisfied. Carefully he arranged my skirt back in place and patted me on my ass. "Come on Diana. Finish the dishes first." Once in a while I could really kick him, with his way of screwing up perfectly romantic moments. A bit disgruntled I dumped a stack of plates in the sink and even stopped wetting myself. 

But, being wet, it did not take long before my emotions took over again and soon I was very busy with going to the toilet in my uniform, slowly but steadily, savoring every drop that passed through my underwear. Between my parted legs, a nice puddle formed on the tiles. My friend casually dropped a rag on the floor an pushed it between my feet. How romantic. Still, peeing in my cheerleader outfit while doing the dishes gave a nice twist to the university rule of being representative at all times. I put the last cup on the worktop and pulled the plug of the sink. My wetting had stopped, for now, and I dripped my way to the CD player. The brass band echoed through the room again as I took position for the dance, starting out with my legs spread this time.

My friend stopped cleaning the worktop to watch the show. I was very concentrated now, and did not miss any step. With wild arm movements, flying hair, stretched sweater, legs open, and my panties in view every other spin, I put down the best performance of my life. In a single movement I came out of a spin and balanced with my feet apart, followed without any noticeable pause by a flick flack backward, landing again with my feet apart. I made a clockwise turn on my right leg with my left leg high up, hoping to flash my panties clearly, went down onto the floor, rolled over and ended precisely on time in the splits. 

Before I could properly react, my boyfriend was all over me. This time he was not so easily distracted. I struggled to get my legs free so that I could roll on my back and get ready to receive him, but he sat down on them and massaged my ass, sliding his hands up my skirt. Laying on my belly, I pushed myself up on my hands in an effort to roll over, but I could not. Okay then, I thought. Resting my head on my arms, I gave in an let him cuddle me. When he slid one hand further between my legs and started to work the front of my panties from behind, I relaxed some more and peed in my panties, through my skirt, and onto the floor. The carpet could have it and besides I did not care. My boyfriend did.

Quickly he got off my legs and allowed me to roll over. Immediately I spread my legs as far as I could and pulled my knees a bit up, knowing that with a skirt as short as what I wore there would be no way missing the show. Kneeled in between my legs he watched the waterfall over my red panties for a moment, then tried to lay down on me. No way! Not allowing any resistance, I tucked at his pants and got the button open, then the zipper. He got the message and pulled his jeans down, then took off his shirt. I just tried to look as seductive as I could, knowing that my uniform and exposed panties alone would probably be sufficient already. Add in a nice stain in my crotch, a cute waterfall between my thighs, and a pose that was as explicit as a pose could be, and he had no way of escaping me. Besides, I wanted him, so he should not dare to leave me like this. 

I saw that his tool was quite aroused, stretching the fabric of his plain blue underpants in a very revealing way. When he kneeled between my thighs again, I could even see a dark patch around the peak of the mountain. So my performances during the evening had already caused his channel to clear itself. Wonderful! I lifted my ass off the floor to offer him a warm, wet, soft, and cozy place to rub his trunks against.

When he came closer, I stopped wetting to keep it for later. He placed his hands left and right of me on the floor and lowered his almost dry, blue pants onto my soaking red ones. I could postpone the first contact by putting my ass back onto the floor, but then the inevitable happened as he pressed his crotch firmly against my soppy red triangle. It sounded as if he squeezed a wet sponge! The touch of his hardness, now very distinct, against my sensitive parts made me shudder, and he got quite a blow as well, both from the touch and of the warm soaking his pants received. 

After the first firm press, he laid down on top of me and grabbed me under my shoulders. I folded my legs over his and continued peeing in my uniform. With quick, short rubs he tried to catch as much as possible of what flowed out of my panties. I knew I had to hurry up now, otherwise I would miss the finale. Both my hands slid in between us and pushed down the waist band of his trunks. His tool popped out, pulsing in the palm of my hand. With my other hand I pushed the leg of my panties aside. While he balanced himself on his elbows, I let him in. Slowly he pushed upward, deeper and deeper, in one smooth movement. My body received his with open arms, and for a long moment we just held each other tight, enjoying our closeness.

But I could not resist the temptation and moved my hips, once, twice. That was too much for him. Slowly but steadily, he began to ride me, and when I picked up his rhythm there was no stopping any more. My breath came in sharp, shallow drafts, and I felt all kinds of things contract inside my body. I stiffened up and pulled him as tight as I could. It still came unexpected. A sudden explosion of colors and emotions burst out in my head as all nerves in my body sent their congratulations telegram to my brain at the same time. I vaguely was aware of my lover shuddering in my arms, moaning my name, with his nails in my shoulders. His eruption penetrated deep inside me, his throbbing body trying to get closer and closer to my heart. I opened up for him, totally. We became one. It was not he and me any more. I was us. 

We stayed linked up for a while, cuddling, until his tool quit and slid out of me. Reality set in and slowly we got up, assessing the damage. My uniform seemed okay, until I felt the back of my skirt which was completely soaked. "I can see your panties through your skirt," he smiled. His own briefs looked weird, with a huge wet spot in the front but not even down to between his legs. Definitely not the trace of a wetting. I hiked up my skirt and went to the bathroom to look in the mirror. Incredibly, my panties were completely and totally wet except for two tiny wedges left and right up my hips. Wetting while laying on the floor had quite an effect. I took off my skirt and sweater, and had the warm shower head rinse off any remainings of what happened.

Then I pulled down my panties and dried myself. While I was still busy, my friend came in as well, only wearing his wet briefs. He stepped into the shower stall and looked down to his crotch. While he started to do a pee in his underwear, now creating a pattern that was much more familiar, I put my sweater on again and took my second uniform skirt out of my bedroom. A fresh pair of panties followed, and when I returned to the bathroom, now again in a virgin outfit, I was just in time to witness his last spurt in his wet briefs. I took the shower head and rinsed him off, gently and caringly. 

A few minutes later, we sat together on my couch, me in uniform, he in a dressing gown, and sipped from a pot of tea. "I wonder how many girls who happen to be a member of a cheerleader squad or a majorette team, or anything else providing them with a short uniform skirt, actually wear their uniform while making love to their boyfriends?" he asked. "I mean, they are allowed to wear something challenging outdoors, and I'm sure lots of boys including their boyfriends get excited by that." I sipped my tea. "Probably all of them. From our squad, I know Maureen and Ann regularly wear their uniform when they are together with their boyfriends, and they have both wet and had sex in them.

Ann's friend isn't into wetting, but he does not mind if he can get her that way. Maureen's boyfriend encourages her to be wet as long as he's the only one who knows. Alice and Cindy, you know. Jane has no boyfriend but is learning, Melissa does not need a uniform to hunt because she hunts in everything. Janice used to make love in her uniform but is now single again. Michelle and Susan are probably still virgins, but they don't mind wearing their uniforms to their first encounter, I'm sure. I cannot speak for all other cheerleaders and majorettes and other girls, but it seems very likely that they put on their show outfits regularly to have fun with their lovers. It's just too obvious that the boys get excited by it." 

He put his arm around me and gave me a hug. "It must also be great to appear in front of a cheering audience wearing the same uniform you had wild sex in the evening before, knowing that nothing stands in the way of having it again right there except you don't want to." I nodded. "Oh yes. Add in wetting as well. Every time I walk onto the field, or get out in public, it's the same thrill. They have been laundered and ironed, but the audience looks at the same panties that I had peed in not a day before. They prize my sweater and skirt, and a few hours later I still wear them and everything else while getting laid. I know Melissa has been fooling around once before a game, and she hurried onto the field putting her hair back in order and with quite a boy's stain in her uniform panties. It definitely improved her performance that day." He hugged me again and even gave me a kiss. 

Encouraged by his reaction, I continued. "Next time I am on the field and show myself to the audience, I will remember standing legs apart in the kitchen, doing the dishes and going nicely in my uniform while you work me up. I wonder if I will be able to keep dry." He moaned and kissed some more. "Will you be watching me then? I'll bend over to tie my shoe lace when I'm thinking of you." Now he definitely got excited, and put one hand on my knee. "Better yet, I'll change the choreography of our show and have all of use stand with our legs spread before half time. The audience will like it, and we can wet our uniform, then follow the players off the field without anybody except you knowing that those ten cute cheerleaders now have huge stains in their pretty panties, while a minute ago the whole stadium saw that they were still very representative." 

His hand slid up my thigh and under my skirt, brushing the front of my panties. "And when we get back to our locker room, we will all line up in the showers to do our wetting cheer, so that everybody outside thinks we are getting ready for a magnificent second half while we piss ourselves silly under our skirts." I now felt how I got wet inside, and opened my thighs to give him better access. "Ten minutes later, we will reappear and show the world how representative we are, chest forward, ass backward, legs open, skirts too short, with the whole audience getting mad and our players so distracted that they are ten points behind before they realize it." 

I reached out in his dressing gown to look for some progress, and found out that further preparations were not required. I moved over onto his lap and tucked everything that mattered under my skirt. "Remember our first time?" I whispered. He nodded and nosed over my breasts. With only a thin layer of panty fabric between him and me, I gyrated my hips a bit so that his hardness rubbed in between my lips. I could feel my panties get wet, not from pee this time. "I want you," I whispered. He answered something intelligible.

While I pushed him carefully backwards onto the couch, I reached under my skirt and slid my thumb in my panty leg. With two fingers I took the head of his tool, which was quite hot, and placed it against the entrance. I left it there and pushed my skirt neatly down again. "I was on the field like this today," I whispered, "wearing everything. Nobody saw something special, because there was nothing special to see. Just a girl in a short uniform with nice, decent panties up her skirt. Yet I knew that I could do, well, this." I pushed down. Under my skirt I gave way and almost sucked him in. I gasped twice, then settled over his erect fifth limb. It came deeper now. I giggled when I realized that I indeed wore everything. I could just tear away and dash outside and nobody would know that I had been having sex ten seconds earlier. The inventor of the mini skirt must have been a visionary. 

While I started to move up and down slowly, knowing that the second round easily lasted ten times longer than the first session of the day, I let my long hair fall over his face and continued teasing him. "I'm sure that every girl who owns a short skirt, especially if it's part of a uniform, dreams about taking her boyfriend like this. Coming home feeling randy, then straddling her boyfriend who's flat out in front of the TV watching a dumb programme. Rubbing her panties wet, making him hard, then taking him in and riding the horse for half an hour without even taking her shoes off." I increased my tempo a bit and wondered how this would look like for an innocent bystander, seeing a cheerleader in uniform galloping on top of her boyfriend. Probably my panties would peek out from under my skirt, so it would not be obvious that I was actually having sex. It could be just dry hopping. Silly me, as if that was considered representative behavior either. 

My friend opened his eyes and asked: "I wonder. Would Ann also do it like this? Do you know?" I shrugged and pumped a few times, then held off. "I bet she does, but we don't discuss these things. They are private. Wetting, okay, boys, okay, but making love to your boyfriend is not something we talk about. Well, Melissa does, but she's not making love, she's having sex." I pumped again. It felt good. "Actually Melissa does it this way, when she feels like it.

So I assume we all do, Ann, Janice, Maureen. First wetting our outfit, giving a show, teasing our boyfriends until they jump us, or we jump them. Then getting screwed without taking it off, at least not the skirt and the sweater. All of this highly disapproved of by the people who let us wear it, of course. But no sane girl will skip an opportunity to make good use of her uniform. It is the reward we get for our hard work earning it, I assume." My pumping finally caused some reaction, both in me and in my boyfriend. He started to tighten his muscles, especially in his thighs, and I felt my own contractions starting, lightly at first. I stopped talking and rode on, getting more worked up with every stroke. 

As the contractions grew stronger, I began to pant, and soon my sole purpose in life became to get to a shattering climax. When I went off I arced my back and pushed as hard as I could, almost howling from pleasure. My friend grabbed my hips and shot all his fantasies straight up the uniform skirt of his favorite cheerleader girlfriend, who received every drop with almost childish enthusiasm. His legs stretched under the stress and his body shuddered from the effort. I kept motionless now, knowing that he got very, very sensitive just after coming, up to the point of getting hurt when I continued to ride him.

With my eyes closed I felt his rhythmic spurts die out slowly, eagerly absorbed by my contracting belly. It was wonderful. While we both slowly relaxed again, I looked down on him and a silly thought struck my mind. "I wonder if our daughter will become a better cheerleader if we make her while I am in uniform," I giggled. He laughed, too. "That would be nice to try out. As long as you don't ask me to wear a padded football player's outfit while we are making our son." 

When he had gotten too limb to stay inside me, I dismounted my hobby horse and straightened my back, stretching my arms above my head. "God that was great. I feel like staying up the rest of the night and doing nothing but play. Look at me, I can go out like this right away." He reached out and lifted the front of my skirt, looking up it while laying on his back on the couch. Curiously I let him inspect my panties. "Diana, remember what you told about Melissa. If you go out, please keep your knees together. It's quite noticeable that it's no virgin cheerleader passing by." 

Flattered, I turned around and went to the balcony doors. Stepping outside into the crisp evening air, I knew my silhouette would be clearly visible against the lighting of the room. With my legs open for fun, I leaned on the railing and took a few deep breaths. Would I do a pee in my panties? They were stained already. I would. I parted my feet a bit more and put my hands on my hips, knowing everybody could see my pose but nobody would know exactly who I was and what I was doing. I looked down to my skirt and wanted to begin when suddenly the lights in the apartment next to mine came on and a shadow moved towards the window. Wetting my uniform was great, but not when others could see me standing like this and hear the sound of my pee hitting the balcony floor! Quickly I pulled my legs together and put my hands back on the railing. Just in time. 

The neighbor's balcony doors opened and a friendly voice asked me if it was not too cold to wear my uniform in the evening. I smiled that it was very nice weather, and that I liked to catch some fresh air. She agreed that it was not really cold, and decided to leave the doors open. Inside I heard and saw my boyfriend splitting his sides from laughter. I felt quite caught in the act, and thanked the fact that I had not been wetting already when the neighbors came in. Now I could just chat a bit, wish them a good evening and walk away. Little did they know that under my tiny skirt my panties almost dripped with the remainings of our ride, and almost with a whole lot more. 

Back inside we opened up a bottle of wine and snuggled up on the couch. Playing with each other like this still was great fun, but something in both of us regretted the fact that we had missed all the excitement and joy many others seemed to have had during their teenage years. "I wonder what it would have been if we had met each other earlier," I said. "We now missed what, ten years of sexual play. Maybe more, if I can believe the age at which people start these days." My friend stroke my hair and replied: "I don't think so. Okay, when you're seventeen and your girlfriend has been letting you look up her mini skirt for weeks but your parents or her parents or somebody else is constantly in the way, it's of course exhilarating to suddenly get the opportunity for a quicky in the back of your father's car. But that's nothing compared to the sort of play we can have now."

I had to agree. "Maybe this is why so many people insist on leaving their parent's home as soon as possible? To get more opportunities?" He shrugged. "Can be. But whether your life improves by sleeping around for a few years is doubtful. I admit, it has something to see somebody, get excited about her, get a favorable reaction back, and bolt off together to bonk in the nearest bed. But I don't like one-night stands, I would feel terrible the day after, and especially when I saw the same girl getting it on with somebody else." 

I grabbed him tight. "I'm glad you feel like this. But yes, I felt the same. Quite some boys went after me, and there were real hunks among them. Worth a try, for sure. But I just did not go with the flow. Classmates of me were sexually active at fourteen. But in my opinion they confused fun with love. Sure, it's great fun to lure a willing guy into your bed and get him off with your body, it proves that you are attractive, that's important. But it's no comparison with making love." He put his arm around my shoulders and I laid my head on his. "Any idea what would have happened if we had shared a class at fifteen?" he asked.

I sighed. "You would have thought that I was an impossible girl whose only interests were aerobics and listening to music, which was the case. And you would think I had a steady boyfriend anyway. Even if you had approached me I would have giggled in such a silly way that you would have run for your life." I took a sip from my wine. "Besides, I only wore shorts then and had not discovered the joy of wet panties yet. And no way you could have convinced me to do the things I do for fun nowadays." 

He gave me a kiss. "I'm glad I found you anyway. Again, I was totally blown off the world when I saw you for the first time during that practice, in your flashy red uniform, but did not even consider my chances. A fairy like you had a steady relationship since she was fifteen and dozens of silent Valentines. The next thing I know, you're sitting next to me, being very nice, and we're talking about wetting panties. And then you let me look up your skirt, touch you, whatever, and minutes later you wet your uniform for me and we climax in each other's arms. Now ask that from two seventeen-year-olds." We both laughed and agreed that our first encounter was pretty hefty.

"But we needed Ann to actually get together sexually," I said. "She couldn't understand that we wet together, played together, slept together, but had no sex. She told me that she had also waited until she felt she was ready, but that she got so much pleasure out of it when starting to sleep with her boyfriend that I should really try. So I tried. I practically raped you." My boyfriend grinned. "You know, that same day Ann had been talking to me about the same subject. Almost teaching me how to approach you, telling me what her own boyfriend would do. I'm sure she set us both up. And she was right. It's great fun." 

I kissed him back and slipped my hand inside his dressing gown, looking for the treasure. It had shrunk to incredibly small proportions and was more like a worm now. Giggling I ran my finger around it. "What a wonderful organ you have. From nothing to quite something in a minute, and then back to zero. Weird that it can give both of us such pleasure." I ran my hand up his belly and he immediately reacted in that unstoppable reflex of his, spasming most of his muscles. "Stop it! You know I cannot stand being tickled."

"I don't tickle, I just touch you," I smiled back at him. He sighed. "Still. Be careful. I might hurt you one day." I gave him a firm hug, feeling my skirt creeping up high, and then drank down the rest of my wine, slouched back onto the couch with my knees carelessly apart. He ran a finger up my thighs and drew a circle on my panty crotch. I just opened my knees some more and grinned at the idea how many boys at university would give an arm to do the same. My friend tried to make me spasm in a reflex as well, but I had better body control, and besides I was too relaxed anyway. Bed time. I felt a bit light in my head already, and carefully put the glasses in the kitchen. My boyfriend got up and went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. When I was ready in the living room, I switched off the lights and followed him. 

He was just rinsing his mouth as I entered. Without a word I stepped into the shower stall to do my evening pee. The little halogen spots of the bathroom made my white uniform twinkle as I squatted down and offered him a good view of my red triangle. Soon, something else twinkled as well, followed by a tinkle. I gently went to the toilet in my panties, more to enjoy the warm feeling and the lovely, soppy effect between my legs than to arouse him or myself. But still he closely followed my progress and only when I was done he continued rinsing.

Having no more use for my uniform that day, I dropped my wet panties to the floor and took off my skirt and sweater, carefully putting them on a clothes hanger against the door. A quick rinse with the shower head took care of all remainings. "Do you know how much I had to clean up and hide when I had wet myself?" my friend asked. "It was incredible. And you just rinse off and that's it. If you rinse at all, like during practice." I closed the faucet and grabbed a towel. "I agree that it's very simple to take care of a wetting, but don't forget that I now do my own laundry. You did not. That was the problem." Rubbing my legs dry, I got out the stall. 

A few minutes later, we were both in bed, hugging each other. "Still, you girls have an easier life. You could wet almost anywhere, and you did so when you discovered it with Sandra. I bet there were cases you got the idea to wet and let it come in your skirt right away. After wetting, nothing to take special care of. Just carry on with wet panties under your skirt. Only at home you needed to take care of your wet underwear. Now, imagine me coming home after school, finding a note of my mother on the table telling me that she would not be in before five.

Which meant I had the house for myself for two and a half hours. Trembling, I would get out my dress from its hiding place, rummage in the old clothes hamper to see if there was a discarded pair of underwear that fit me, put it all on, fumble with some plastic to get the plumbing right. All the time being on the lookout for unwelcome visitors, keeping the doors locked and all. Then I would step into the bath tub, shaking from excitement now, and take a pose that would work. Compare this to you and Sandra. You would be on the way home after school and just stop on the grass with your legs a bit apart. What a difference!" 

I hummed. "Oh yes, it was very easy, especially in our uniforms because we were expected to take a shower afterwards anyway. We stood on the grass countless times, waiting to get wet. But continue. What else was difficult, besides putting on your little pee dress before climbing into the tub?" 

"Well, often I was so excited that I stood there in anxious expectation, with my panties ready under my dress, the clock ticking the precious minutes away, saying to myself that I was going to wet myself like a real girl. Everything was set, I could just go, and nothing would happen! You know, with boys it's sort of a switch. Either pee or get aroused. Getting aroused means not being able to pee. Imagine seeing a girl in the park ready to cope with her accident, legs apart, wearing a little dress, and her accident does not come! You feel quite silly, take my word for it. So I would be getting out of the tub because it would not come. Run around the house in my peeing outfit, waiting until I had to go for real, trying to think about other things. Playing to be a girl who happens to wear a dress, and knows how to use it in case she gets caught short. I usually would start doing my homework, sitting at my desk in my dress and my pee panties, watching the clock. 

Finally I would decide that I could go to the toilet. To stay ahead of my thing getting stiff, I would hurry to the bathroom, starting to push on the way there. Spreading my legs, looking down my dress, I would feel it coming. I was a girl waiting for the bus and I was going to do it in my panties because that was what all girls do. And then I would do it. I would pee in my dress without holding my thing in my hand. I would just push and let it come wherever it wanted to go. But it would never reach my dress, it would be caught by my invisible panties and fall down between my legs.

Doing that shattering first spurt in my panties, sometimes looking up my own dress with a little mirror to see how genuine the effect worked out, was heaven. Then doing more, slowly, getting wetter and wetter. Gushing everything in my clothes in the end. Then getting to a large dressing mirror to see how I looked like, wearing wet panties up my dry dress. Finding out if girls really could do it this way and get away with it. Squatting, stooping, sitting down with my knees together. 

In the end I would put a hand flat against my crotch under my dress to rub myself off. Have a knee-melting orgasm. Then getting extremely alarmed about the mess I had made, throwing my dress aside, rinsing myself off, rinsing my panties, drying the bath tub, putting my panties and the plastic deep under the rubbish in the garbage bin, or worse, on a secret spot to dry for the next time, hiding all traces of my silly game before anybody would get home again. While you just parted your legs, got yourself wet panties under whatever skirt you happened to wear, and got done. I envy you." 

I sighed and admitted that we were on the advantage. "But mind you, I also needed to take care of my panties. When you need three pairs a day, something is going to be questioned. I also hid pairs of panties for reuse, in the beginning. I remember getting back to my room, locking the door, then putting on a light blue pair that already showed four or five circles despite rinsing it out after every session! With a long skirt over it, I would sneak out to the common bathrooms in the dorm, hopping into a shower stall instead of a toilet stall. Legs apart, try to start. Quickly have a pee in my panties. Run back to my room, yank down my wet panties, rinse them again. Put them to dry on the central heater behind a chair. Dash back to clean up. No, playing wetting games when sharing facilities is difficult. When I lived on my own, that was not necessary any more.

My first very own washing machine was a Godsend! I bought a stack of special wetting panties, and used them all up in one single day." I checked his little worm, and found out that some life had come back into it. "But the first true time of liberal wetting, outside in semi-public, going in my uniform skirt several times during one afternoon without changing panties in between wettings, only came when the squad discovered the trick. I still remember how I started to wet my uniform with the other girls looking at my skirt and my parted legs. It was marvelous. Since then, I admit, it was a matter of just peeing whenever I had the opportunity. And now I want you." 

I rolled on my back and spread my legs, inviting him over for a party. Grudgingly he climbed on top of me, pulled the covers over us, and thrusted his tool forward. I caught him with my right hand and guided him in. He was warm and pleasantly slippery. Or maybe that was myself. Anyway, it felt great as always and leisurely we rode each other towards the setting sun. It took quite a while before my bed started to squeak in that familiar rhythm I had come to love, increasing in speed, then suddenly silent. Satisfied to the bone, we drifted off to sleep. 

When I woke up, the sunlight was thundering through the curtains, and I could hear my friend preparing breakfast in the kitchen. Yawning I got up and put on a fresh pair of panties. Getting my uniform off the hook in the bathroom, the scent of toasted bread woke up my appetite. Not hurrying at all, I zipped up my skirt and pulled my sweater over my head. "Coffee?" he asked. Of course, silly. I looked in the mirror and arranged my hair. Hmm, I could barely show myself like this. Wild nature. But it had to do. Still somewhat sleepy, I staggered into the shower stall to go to the toilet, not even caring about taking a pose.

Before I knew it something started running under my skirt. While I was doing my morning pee, rubbing my eyes, my friend handed me a mug of hot brew that smelled delicious. It went right through me and I could almost feel my panties getting an extra hot flush after my first swallow. Standing in my uniform I sipped from my coffee while my bottom and legs took a hot shower. Certainly the best way to start a day, I thought. When the waterfall from under my little skirt died out, I pressed my thighs together to wrench out my underwear and left the stall. Disregarding the trail of footprints I left on the tiles, I went over to the kitchen bar and sat down on one of the stools, keeping my skirt out of the way. 

Saturday. 

Good. 

