The Red Couch
	Lauren really has to pee at a department store.
Author: Ransome

Lauren was weighed down with piles of jeans and looking through the sales racks at Stacy's when it occurred to her that she had to pee. In fact her bladder had been aching for the better part of an hour and she'd pushed the feeling aside, but now it came to the forefront with urgency. Pressing her inner thighs together, a feeling of dread settled in her stomach as she looked for a restroom.

Ever since she was seven, Lauren had been terrified of public restrooms, their germs, their filth, and relieving herself in front of strangers. She tried always to get home to pee, but today she just had to have a blue slushy at the food court. She was out of options and she was straining to keep from wetting herself right there in the aisle.

After a moment of panicked searching, she found the women's restroom not far away and prayed it was empty. It was and she breathed a sigh of relief, looking around to find it was thankfully clean. There was a plush red sofa and a large mirror in the powder room, and three pristine-looking stalls and a sink further in.

She set the pile of jeans on the couch and rushed to the middle stall only to recoil from the unflushed and ghastly mess she found. Reeling, she went to the next stall and narrowly avoided stepping in a yellow puddle on the floor, mixed with sopping toilet paper.

Fuck, she thought to herself, Lord please let the last stall be clean.

She almost said a Hail Mary before opening the door, but decided that was too much and hazarded a look -- the entire toilet was clogged with paper towels, and the water level sat flush with the rim of the seat, clearly having overflowed recently... nightmare!

Damn it, she thought. How far away is Sears?

But before she had a chance to contemplate the hike, she felt a small warm gush moisten her panties. This was going to happen whether she liked it or not.

Lauren considered the sink, but there was no lock on the outer door and she couldn't fathom explaining her bare ass to any woman or employee who walked in. All that remained was that red couch.

She picked up her shopping bags and set them on the floor, her heart racing as she slid her jeans and panties around her ankles and sat. The soft fabric felt inviting and forbidden at the same time and she just had time to pull the shopping bags over her lap for cover before she let loose a long-awaited stream of pee. It seeped into the couch and wet her thighs and ass, and she was shocked at how pleasant a sensation it was, not just for her bladder's sake but for herself. She was startled to find herself aroused and was just reaching a hand between her legs to enjoy the wetness but just then the door burst open and a woman walked in.

The two exchanged a glance and Lauren put on an impatient face, as though she were waiting for someone. The woman went into the middle stall, unfazed, and Lauren slid a finger over her clit. The pee soaking her thighs made her pussy the wettest she'd ever felt and she suppressed a moan as her fingers glided over and over it.

When the woman flushed, Lauren grabbed her phone with her spare hand and pretended to text, still slowly rubbing herself with the hidden hand. Just as the woman was going out the door she noticed Lauren's pants around her ankles, scowled and rushed out.

Gotta be fast then, Lauren thought, foreseeing an ugly scene with security and then the police. She threw the jeans off her lap and started massaging harder, and to her surprise reacted quickly. Her body was eager for the super-wet sensations and the near-certainty of being caught only excited her more. She fanned out her hand and vigorously rubbed her clit, her pussy building already to climax. She slapped it and watched as piss droplets splashed through the air, then went back to rubbing one last, fast time as she came harder than she ever had before, a final spray of urine squirting across the little room.

Without time to rejoice in the experience, she pulled her pants up over her dripping wet crotch and rushed out of the restroom. Security was just rounding the corner from the footwear department so she dodged behind a clothing rack. They passed by her and burst into the restroom with gasps of horror which she smirked at, then slipped out the door to freedom.
