Boardroom Blunder
	An accident leads to scandal.
Author: wyldechylde

Carrie's day at work was busy as always so she was cramming tasks together to try and get everything done on time. Her son was back in town and she wanted to get off work on time so they could spend some time together but naturally, things at work were not cooperating.

"Carrie, don't forget you've got to be at that meeting at three." her boss Ron reminded her.

"Shit, yeah thanks, I'll try and be there but I've got this report due before then."

"Finish it and go to the meeting." Ron repeated. He wasn't cutting Carrie any slack today. She went back to her computer and clamped her legs shut, she'd had to pee since lunch but hadn't had the time. She should just go in between the report and the meeting but that would make her late which in turn would mean she wouldn't get off on time. The meeting couldn't be more than an hour so she decided she would just hold it until that was done. She didn't have to go that bad yet.

Putting the finishing touches on her report and running it through spellchecker real quick she ran off to Roger's office to drop it off.

"Thanks Carrie, right on time this will really help out my proposal."

"No problem, don't forget you owe me."

"Dinner and a movie I know." he rolled his eyes smiling.

"And a good stiff dicking." she added cutting out of his office before he could respond. She flirted with him constantly while they worked knowing damn well they would never hook up. Roger was very married and while he and his wife were quite the kinky couple she doubted his wife would be all that crazy about the idea of her husband screwing some other chick, even one she knew very well like Carrie. Still, she had once told Roger that if he ever got the chance he'd be a fool to pass it up, she always assumed his wife only said that to make Carrie feel good though.

"I'm here, I'm here." Carrie announced walking into the meeting room. She opened her laptop and sat down ready to type the minutes for the group.

"Just on time too, we were starting to think you wouldn't make it."

If this meeting goes more than an hour I won't make it. She thought to herself clamping down on her bladder. She was worried that she might loose control in the middle of the room and piss on the floor her urge to pee was becoming painful. She had decided to wear a miniskirt and thong today because of the heat outside so if she did piss herself all of her urine would end up on the floor and she wouldn't be able to hide that she had an accident.

Naturally the meeting ran longer than an hour but got out real close to quitting time. Hoping sto grab her stuff and race to the bathroom she stopped off at Ron's office to let him know she was leaving.

"Sure I wanted to talk to you about the meeting real quick first."

"Ok." Carrie sighed and sat down in front of his desk. Her bladder was pulsing painfully against her thighs and she was having a hard time holding it back. She thought that she should just ask to use the bathroom first and then finish this up after relieving herself but she just wanted to get it done and out of the way so she sat on the edge of the chair and began telling him about what went on prior to the meeting itself.

Her decision to stay was now proving to be a huge mistake, she could feel her urine seeping from her as they talked about the day's work. All he really did was ask a few questions about this and that, questions she was able to answer quickly and after about ten minutes she could feel her pee seeping out again. Shifting uncomfortably in her seat helped her clamp back down but she feel the wetness spreading over he thong and up her ass crack.

"Are you ok?" he asked.

"Yeah I'm alright." she lied as a spurt of urine escaped her body. She squeezed her thighs together trying to keep any more piss from escaping but knew if she didn't get up and go now, she would never make it to the bathroom.

"Are you sure cause you look awful nervous about something." he pressed. Another spurt of urine into Carrie's thong made her shift again.

"No really, I'm ok." Once more urine began seeping from her bladder as she desperately tried to hold back the rush of hot piss threatening to break her open. She was seriously doubting that she would succeed.

"Ok well then tell me about what they talked about during the meeting and we'll call this a day." he stood up and looked out the window with his back to her giving her a quick second to look down between her legs. Her thong was visibly soaked and a small amount of pee had dribbled onto the chair, she tried to soak it up with what little dry underwear she had left and told her boss about what went on in the meeting.

Her bladder stopped seeping and another spurt of pee shot out of her. Looking down she could see some of her piss flow down her thong when another spurt of urine shot out, a growing pool was in between her legs now and she couldn't stop it. Unable to move her eyes she watched as spurt after spurt of pee soaked her thong and rolled down onto the chair. The spurts came one after the other and she couldn't stop them until finally a full on stream broke loose and she watched her piss form a large pool on the edge of the chair which fell off onto the floor making an audible splattering sound.

"What the hell is that?"

"Me waiting too long." Her stream of pee had grown in strength and was spraying right through the thong as if it wasn't even there, arcing over the edge and loudly hittine the hard floor. The sound of Carrie's pissing was all that could be heard in the office as neither her nor her boss said anything, he walked around to the front of the desk and stood wide mouthed watching her piss herself. She hadn't bothered trying to hold back anymore, she had already made this much of a mess, why try to clamp down and hurt herself?

Piss was not only spraying from her thong but also flowing underneath it as well, soaking her ass crack, the back of her skirt and pooling in the small indentation normally reserved for someone's ass before falling off the back of the chair onto the floor in a second series of rivulets rapidly spreading across the linoleum. Completely humiliated by her lack of judgment she could only sit there and wait for her urine to stop flowing, it took a few minutes in complete silence but she was finally able to stop.

Carrie stood up, straightened her skirt as best she could and stared at the floor where she had just left a huge puddle. "I'm going...to get a mop. To clean this up." she said quietly.

"You do that." he answered obviously very upset. Carrie's thong and skirt were totally soaked through to the point she was dripping on the floor as she walked along hurriedly to the cleaning gear closet. She got a few strange looks from some of her coworkers but no one said anything. She made it back to her boss' office to find Roger there by himself.

"Hi, what are you doing here?"

"I came to talk to Ron but he wasn't here, by the looks of your clothes and this puddle of piss on the floor I assume you had a small accident?" he asked concerned.

"Small? Hardly, look at the size of that." She was noticing the pool for the first time, rivulets of her piss had run the length of the floor forming smaller pools all over the office floor.

"What happened?" Roger asked as she wrung out the mop.

"I was trying to get all my work done before I left, I've had to pee since lunch but was trying to hold it and well, didn't make it."

"You know, you really should take off those wet clothes." Roger leaned against the desk while Carrie got the mop rinsed out.

"Oh yeah sure and stand here bottomless? I don't have a change of clothes Roger."

"Sure stand here bottomless." the response wasn't what Carrie was expecting. She turned to look at Roger and saw that he was dead serious, the thought of mopping up her pee not wearing anything from the waist down started to make her pussy wet with horny excitement. Standing up the mop in the bucket she pulled her skirt down to her ankles and stepped out of it, then bending over the desk with her chest flat against it she slid her thong down over her ass and allowed it to fall to the floor. Remaining bent over while she stepped out of her thong she wiggled her bare ass for Roger to enjoy, he gave it a playful slap and then ordered her to clean up her mess.

The tops of her thighs had chafed against each other when she was walking to the cleaning closet but now slid back and forth lubricated by her leaking pussy juice. Wordlessly she cleaned up the piss and put the mop aside. After wringing out her thong and skirt she started to put them back on until Roger stopped her.

"No don't, its quitting time just walk out like that." he took both items of clothing from her.

"Roger, you don't actually expect me to walk to my car bare assed do you?"

"Yes I do." he replied smiling wickedly.

Carrie looked at him scowling with a smile tugging at one corner of her mouth. She had already humiliated herself by pissing on her boss' floor and now she had to walk to her car half exposed to the office and anyone else in the building that happened to look. Despite the humiliation the thought made her pussy even wetter so she took her laptop and stuffed it into her briefcase, grabbed her purse and walked out the door holding one hand over her crotch and her briefcase over her ass.

Roger did his best to run interference for her but a couple of people noticed something was up and gave the two strange stares. Carrie simply walked as quickly as she could to the elevator and went straight to the corner to keep her ass hidden from other passengers. She held her briefcase over her crotch to hide that part of her from view and Roger sidled in beside her as the doors closed. Only a couple of other people were in the car at the moment and neither of them seemed to notice that Carrie was naked from the waist down.

"What are you doing following me?" Carrie whispered to Roger.

"Just making sure you make it to your car unmolested. The streets are a dangerous place for a half naked woman."

"Your concern is total bullshit, I guess I'm just going to have to wait till we get to the car to find out what you really want." They rode the elevator down to the sub basement silently not wanting to discuss anything that would certainly be overheard in the crowded elevator. Carrie waited until the last person got out and it was just her and Roger, once the doors closed she punched the button for the garage level that her car was on and waited for the doors to open again.

Once they did she walked out trying to hide her nakedness as she walked through the empty lot. There were hardly any cars and what few there were could be seen driving up the ramp to the exit, no other passer-by could be seen. Roger followed her until they got to her car and then took her by the hips guiding her to the trunk. His crotch pressed against her bare ass when he bent her over.

"I'll bet you didn't know my wife likes to piss her clothes for me, gets me all hot and bothered." Carrie could hear him unzip his fly and pull out his cock and she braced herself against the trunk to be fucked from behind.

"Roger, you're married!" she protested as he started playing with her clit, the motions made her close her eyes and moan in pleasure.

"I know and I'm sure she does too." He pressed his cock up to the opening of her cunt letting her juices flow onto the tip lubricating it enough to enter her and then mvoing one of his fingers inside her cunt fucking her.

"We shouldn't do this." she protested again hoping he would fuck her anyway. For a minute he didn't say anything and only slid the tip of his fingers back and forth over her folds opening them up, her pussy glistened in the light and Carrie held her breath waiting to be violated from behind. She enjoyed feeling exposed and vulnerable and also thinking that she was being raped even though she wasn't. Feeling emotions she had never encountered before she couldn't contain her horny excitement waiting for Roger to fuck her over the trunk of her car.

"I'm going to fuck you doggie style and you're going to like it you hear?" he placed one hand over each hip and slowly pushed his cock inside of her until he was as far in as he could be.

"No." she whimpered in mock protest her breathing heavy. "No don't."

"Shut up and take it you little slut." he pumped his cock into her pussy a few times and she moaned with ecstasy. Arching her head and back she pushed her hips against his with every stroke trying to match his rythum, he gained speed quickly pounding her cunt with his hips and slapping her clit with his balls. The pleasure of fucking a married man in the middle of everywhere was more than Carrie could take and she began screaming out not caring if anyone heard her. Her body thrashed and bucked and she bit her lip as she came, Roger came inside her filling her pussy with his hot come trying not to be bucked off. It took some time but the two lovers finally stopped and Carrie lay on the trunk of her car spent. Roger simply put himself back in his pants and walked back towards his car leaving Carrie exposed and used. She smiled.

"Bastard, use me then loose me eh? Damn I hope we do this again soon." Carrie pulled a towel out of her gym bag and sat on it in the driver seat of her car using it to keep all her bodily fluids off the upholstery. Sitting with one leg on the driver's side and the other draped over the center she spread her pussy open just enough to allow Roger's come to seep out onto the towel. She thought about how she had just been humiliated, forced upon by a married man and left exposed out in public and became horny again. Why did that excite me so much? I've never been this kind of woman. Before wiping herself off she called her son and asked him to meet her at her car with a pair of shorts, he said he would and sounded a little confused but didn't ask why, she hung up and drove home wondering how she was going to explain this.

Her son Justin was waiting in the parking stall with a pair of her shorts in hand, she pulled up and got out of the car holding the towel around her bottom. She gave him a quick hug and spilled the whole story to him about pissing herself and getting fucked in the parking garage.

"By the way, you didn't sniff any of my panties did you?" she asked him deadly serious.

"Mom, why would I do a thing like that?" he asked her as they walked into the apartment.

"I don't know honey, maybe because you confessed to me last year that you want to sleep with me?" They entered her apartment and she hugged him again as she said that and felt him hunch over at the reminder. "Or maybe because ever since you got here you've been watching me shower?"

"How did you know?" he asked jaw hanging open.

"Come on Justin you really think I leave the bathroom door open on accident?" she asked smiling broadly.

"Why do you do this to me mom?" he asked chuckling.

"Because you busted cerfew and went to a party I told you not to go to, consider this part of your punishment."

"If watching you bathe is punishment I'll have to break more rules." he laughed.

"Don't even think about it. I have to wash myself up before we have dinner so set the table please sweetie?"

"No problem mom, but I'm still going to watch you shower." he walked into the kitchen and started to assemble the place settings. Carrie was already undressed completely and walked through the corner of the living room holding a bath towel in her hand giving Justin a full view of her naked body, he watched intently.

"You better not cause the table won't be set when I get out." she shut the bathroom door this time and turned on the water hanging up her towel while she waited for it warm up to her liking. She and Justin had joked for over a year about sleeping together since she had caught him drunk at a forbidden party. Not realizing it was her he had grabbed her tits and told her in front of all his friends that he wanted to fuck her. She dropped the bomb on him and dragged him home sealing him inside the house for a week for punishment. At the time she had been totally embarrassed by the thought of her son finding her sexually attractive but since then she had come to realize what a sexy young man he had grown up to be and began to wonder if sleeping with him would really be so bad.

Soaping herself in the hot shower water she tried not to glance at the bathroom mirror knowing she wouldn't catch Justin watching her with the door closed. She had never believed he had been serious until this last visit, the first time she took a shower with him home she had accidentally left the door open cause she was used to living alone. Half way through the shower she spotted Justin in the mirror watching her and just kept on bathing pretending she hadn't noticed. For whatever reason he really seemed to be enjoying the show and ever since she made a note to leave the door open so he could watch, the idea of her very son wanting her that way made her wet enough to masturbate.

Finishing the quick shower she toweled off and walked back into the living room bypassing her bedroom and instead walking naked into the kitchen. She was still so full of horny desire she would have pounced on Justin right then and there if she felt he would be ok with it. After her actions this afternoon she decided to stop pussy-footing around and find out for sure if her son really wanted her.

"You already put everything in the oven?" she asked surprised.

"Yeah mom, didn't want to wait I'm hungry." he paused for a second gazing at his naked mother who returned his look of desire.

"Thank you, I'm going to get dressed I'll be right back." she leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek, one of his hands wrapped around her back and slid down brushing the edge of her round firm ass. Wow, he does really want me. She thought to herself.

Trying to decide what to wear was difficult she wanted to turn him on but not look like she was and still look decent at the same time. She finally decided on an argyle sweater that hugged her curves and a pair of slacks that did the same, she forgo the bra and panties hoping not to cream her crotch so bad she left another wet spot. Looking at herself in the mirror she started to have second thoughts.

She looked hot, very hot and she was about to walk into the living room and seduce her own son. It was starting to sound more and more crazy with every second but she couldn't deny her passions, she wanted her son she just didn't know what to do about it. Sighing, she gave up on the thought of seduction, Maybe I'll just find out if really wants to and leave it at that, he'll be grossed out by me anyway. She walked out of her bedroom and entered the kitchen to check the timer, they had about ten minutes until the food was ready.

"Hope you like the food I picked out." she announced moving over to the couch where he was sitting watching tv.

"Yeah, I noticed you made my favorite."

"Well, store bought some of it but I didn't think you would mind." she sat down next to him watching some reality show. "What's this? Survivor the moon?" the screen was almost completely dark and she had a hard time making out any of the members of the show.

"Nah, its some rip-off called Castaways. Pretty much the same though."

"This is why I don't watch tv anymore, what ever happened to good old sitcoms?"

"They got boring and went away." he laughed. "Not enough of you old fogeys left to watch them anymore."

"Watch it you." she playfully chucked him on the shoulder. "I'm still young enough to kick your ass."

"Promises, promises." he chided.

"Oh yeah I forgot your girlfriend beats you a lot doesn't she. Ok I won't kick your ass." she sat with her arms crossed over her chest.

"Now thats cruel." he responded. She stuck her tongue out at him and turned back to the television. They sat in silence for the next few minutes save for the occasional groan from Carrie or snicker from Justin until the timer went off telling them dinner was done. Watching tv had started to get Carrie's mind back out of the gutter and she began to feel really foolish, her nipples could plainly be seen poking through the sweater making her feel self-consious. She set the table hoping Justin wouldn't notice before they would flatten out and she could act normal again, instead of like a horny amazonian Goddess.

The food was spread out and both of them took their fill digging in and commenting on how good it all tasted. Carrie could feel her horniness dying away and became grateful, she had almost made a complete fool of herself trying to seduce Justin, he never would have gone for it.

"Hey mom, can I ask you a stupid question?" he asked turning serious.

"No such thing honey, ask me anything."

"Seriously, do you think I'm attractive?"

"Of course I do, you're my son." she responded very confused.

"No I mean do you really find me attractive?" he asked again.

"I'm not sure I understand your question." she put down her utensils and focused on Justin starting to wonder if she had been on the right track in the first place.

"Ok, today when I saw you I started to feel things about you that I've never felt before and I don't know why so I was wondering if you could help me out."

"You mean things like getting a hard on?" she asked her pussy starting to dampen.

"Yeah you know what, forget it I'm talking all crazy." he stuffed a big bite of food into his mouth and Carrie watched him for a minute as she digested what he had just said and asked her. To her it as no real surprise since she had been allowing him to watch her shower and he still said that he wanted to sleep with her, but now it was starting to sink in that this wasn't just hormones, he really did find her sexy.

"Justin, its ok to feel things."

"Not things like this." he groaned angrily.

"Calm down sweetheart. Listen if you find me sexually attractive thats ok, I'm not offended I'm flattered really." she was also getting horny again. "Granted I'm not really sure what to do about it or say to help you feel better but if its any consolation the feeling is mutual." Carrie picked up her fork and knife and started to cut a bite of her food.

"You mean to say that you'd actually sleep with me if given the chance?" Carrie had to stop and chew her food before answering which also gave her a minute to think about what to say. She chose her words carefully and swallowed.

"I'm a woman who likes to walk on the wild side of sexuality so my first reaction would be yes but we need to talk about it first. It wouldn't look right for either of us if we started dating."

"Wow. You know I think it'd be kinda hot fucking my mom." he said after a long silence.

"I do too but we need to be careful. Lets wait on it for a while alright?"

"Alright."

Seeing Roger at work the next morning made Carrie blush, she was wearing the same sweater and pair of slacks she'd worn for Justin last night but was wearing a thong time and still no bra. The weather had been a lot cooler so she was far more comfortable in the warmer clothing.

"Good boning Roger." she whispered as she walked by.

"Yes it was." he whispered back. Facing Ron was much more difficult, however, she blushed and got her voice caught in her throat.

"Thanks for cleaning it up you did a good job." he said smiling. "By the way I need this done before you leave."

"Yes sir." she replied grateful that he wasn't screaming at her at the top of his lungs.

"And make sure you use the bathroom this time ok?"

"Yes sir." she closed her eyes blushing even more and walking into her own office. She spent most of the day as busy as always which was busier than she wanted to be, come lunchtime she was eager to relax. Much to her dismay though, Roger made a point to meet her in the cafeteria.

"Roger, people are going to think we're having an affair." she warned him when he sat down next to her table.

"Don't worry about it, my wife said its ok but be prepared to be punished by her." he winked.

"Oh great don't tell me."

"Make sure you've got a full bladder after work." and he stood up, crammed the last of his sandwich into his mouth and walked off. She took a bite of her sandwich and stared off into space wondering what she was going to have to do now.

Work ended and Carrie tried to resist the urge to use the bathroom wondering what Roger and his wife had in store for her. She went down to hr car and found him waiting outside the elevator door before entering the open parking lot.

"Thought I'd see you here, where am I supposed to go?"

"Wendy couldn't make it but she told us to have fun."

"I'll bet she did." Carrie said smiling coyly. Brushing past Roger she walked to her car hoping he would follow and happy that he did. She stopped short of getting in and stood next to the vehicle with her legs slightly spread, pulling out a cigarette she lit it and watched Roger stand nearby.

"Do me a favor and wait for a minute ok?" she asked him.

"Wait for what?" Roger asked curious. Carrie inhaled her smoke slowly and let it flow out of her mouth of its own accord, wisps of long grey smoke floated into the air around Carrie's head and she released the grip on her bladder pissing almost instantly.

"This." she said as she soaked her slacks. Her hot pee spread like wildfire down the legs of her pants and began to form two pools next to her ankles. Her thong and slacks together formed just enough of a barrier to keep all her piss inside and she could feel it move up her ass crack to soak the seat of her pants as well. Roger watch with intense desire and began to open his pants pulling out his large cock and stroking it while she pissed herself. Carrie smiled taking in more smoke and allowing it to rise from her mouth freely, she looked down watching her pee soak her pants and form rivulets on the hard concrete under her feat, she was disappointed when she finished earlier than the day before, Roger was really enjoying the show.

Spraying the last of her pee into her pants she dropped down to her knees in front of Roger and began sucking him off in the middle of the parking lot. She no longer cared if she was being lied to or not, the damage was already done from the afternoon before so why not add on to it? It was no less a betrayal. Wrapping one hand around the base of his throbbing member she deep throated him sucking on his cock while playing with his balls with her free hand. Soon she moved her mouth back and forth over his shaft sucking and licking until he took her hair in his hand and began fucking her face furiously. Trying not to choke she held onto his waist and rode his thrusts until he was groaning and grunting in ecstasy.

"Oh god, here it comes." he shouted making echoes in the deserted parking garage. She opened her mouth wider as he shot his load into her throat, spurt after spurt of hot come passed easily down her esophagus and she didn't miss a single drop. All too soon he stopped and she slid her mouth off of his cock slowly teasing its length and pausing briefly at its tip before releasing it.

Standing, she spun on her heel and stepped back to the trunk of her car opening it and pulling her gym shorts out of her bag. Slowly she pulled her pants down to her ankle leaving her ass straight up in the air, wiggling it slightly she stepped out of her pants and stood again folding them carefully before placing them in her bag. Still standing with her back to Roger she did the same with her thong and placed that into her bag with her pants. Parting her legs slightly she bent over again about to slide her gym shorts over her long legs when she felt Roger take her hips in his hands and push the tip of his cock into her pussy.

"You didn't think I was done with you yet did you?" he hissed into her ear. Only the tip of his dick was inside of her but it was more than enough to get her juices flowing and make her extremely horny for him.

"You're cheating on your wife, stop." he pushed himself halfway inside of her. "No." she pleaded as he entered her completely. "No, don't." she asked over and over timed with every stroke of his cock while he fucked her. She felt the same thrill about being violated that she had the day before which only made her hornier than she ever had been before. In only a couple of minutes she was coming so hard she almost bucked Roger off her, he had to hold on tight and stop fucking her as he rode out her orgasm.

"You have to stop, please stop." she begged. Roger stopped only long enough to turn her around and shove her onto the back of her car before plunging his cock back into Carrie's pussy. She moaned with delight as he pounded her pussy harder than ever, over and over again she cried out "no" and "stop" but Roger didn't stop, he just kept fucking her until she couldn't tke it anymore and came again writhing and bucking all over the trunk of her car, this time Roger came at the same time filling her sex with his hot sticky come.

The two lovers rode out their orgasms and stopped, Carrie lying on the back of the car with her legs spread trying to catch her breath and Roger slowly zipping himself up trying to do the same. Carrie pushed his jisim out of her pussy allowing it to dribble down between her ass cheeks, to her surprise, Roger leaned over and licked it all up swallowing it.

"Wow, pissing, eating your own come is there anything you aren't into?" Carrie asked.

"I don't think so, so we'll just have to keep trying things until we find something I'm not into."

"Hope your wife never finds out." Carrie said sliding off the trunk of her car and into her gym shorts. "She'll kill us both."

"Who says I didn't tell her?" Roger asked confused.

"Don't." Carrie placed one finger over Roger's lips. "I don't want to know. Just keep raping me and I'll love you forever." she turned slapping one of her ass cheeks and stepped into her car.

Carrie was certain that Wendy knew they were fucking and was ok with it but she really didn't know for sure and that added to the excitement of their encounters. She wasn't sure why but she enjoyed telling Roger to stop and having him fuck her anyway, it made her orgasms that much more intense. Driving home she began to think less about Roger and more about Justin and her sexual attraction to her son.

It still confused her why she would want to have sex with him but it was becoming increasingly harder to deny. She thought he was sexy and he thought she was sexy and they wanted to fuck and while Justin may not have known better Carrie definitely should have. To say nothing about the taboo it would present to everyone they both knew it simply was just plain wrong. So why were they so hot for each other? The only thing Carrie could think of as she pulled into her driveway at home was that the taboo of it was what got their juices flowing, they wanted to do it because they weren't supposed to.

To Carrie that didn't make much sense, sure she was something of a slut, had never been married or had a boyfriend for more than a year but she always kept it on the straight and narrow. She had never even had an affair before or slept with a woman for that matter two things that someone else like her would certainly have done. She opened her apartment to find that Justin was still out with friends, she didn't mind at the moment she needed a few minutes to collect her thoughts and try and make sense of her horny desire.

Shedding her clothes she took a shower and spent several long minutes stroking her clit while she thought about Justin. Hoping to masturbate it out of her system she began fingering her pussy while the shower head covered her body in rivulets of hot water. She got so worked up with horny desire she never noticed that Justin had come home and opened the bathroom door to watch her masturbate in the shower. It wasn't until after she came that she saw him watching her, as usual.

"Oh shit, when did you get home?" Carrie asked startled.

"About five minutes ago." he walked out of the room and had an obvious bulge in his pants. Carrie couldn't help but smile, she had let him know that she knew he watched her shower and didn't have a problem with it so why be angry about it now? Why shouldn't he be obvious she had practically invited him in. Giving it some more thought as she toweled off she began to feel that she was waist deep into an incest relationship already. It was time for her and Justin to have a long talk.

Doubting that he would take her very seriously if she was nude she went to her room and put on a quick pair of shorts and halter top that barely hid her big tits. She didn't want him to take her too seriously.

"Hey Justin we need to have a chat." she sat next to him on the couch watching some other reality tv program.

"About what?" he asked quietly.

"About us. About dating or just being fuck buddies or whatever we want."

"Wow." he turned away from the tv to look at Carrie. "You're actually serious?"

"Yes I'm serious we need to settle this we've left it hanging for too long." Carrie stood up and paced back and forth in front of the couch. "We need to talk about what this could mean to the both of us and what we're going to do about it. Now, personally I want to go ahead with it but the reason why isn't very clear even to me so I guess what I really want to know is why you want to." She stopped to stand in front of Justin with her hands on her hips.

"Because you're really hot and I know you really well. We get along better than any other mothers and sons I know of."

"Ok, well that makes sense. I do have to admit that you are definitely the kind of guy I would go for..."

"Wait a minute mom, I'm going to settle this right now." Standing Justin took his mother's hands in his and looked her straight in the eye. "I want to date you, I want you to be my girlfriend."

"Justin I want you too that much should already be obvious but its just not that simple."

"Why not? I don't give a shit what the rest of the world thinks."

"Oh really, well then go tell them you're fucking your own mother right now." she picked up the phone and handed it to him. Justin just looked at it for a few moments and then sighed slouching. "This isn't something we can just advertise to the world Justin. We have to be very careful about how we're going to do this." Carrie sat down next to Justin and wrapped her arm around his shoulder. "I want to be your girlfriend but I don't want to hurt you, no matter what happens we're going to be with each other for the rest of our lives, you need to think about that."

"I will mom."

"Don't be in any hurry though, I am having a wonderful, albeit doomed affair with a married man."

Justin laughed. "Of course."
