Elizabeth is taking a walk through the forest with her sisters. They're on holidays and decided to go out to enjoy the wild. Suddenly Michelle stops, and Alyssa and Elizabeth turn around to see what's going on.
Michelle: "Wait a minute girls, I have to pee, can't hold it anymore."
Elizabeth guesses that her sister is going to go behind the bushes, or even pull down her jeans and panties to squat right there, but gets surprised seeing Michelle just standing still and closing her eyes. From where she stands she can't see anything unusual, but now she's looking at her from behind and sees two lines of wetness starting to form down her sister's legs as a wet stain grows in her ass.
Elizabeth: "MICHELLE! You're peeing your pants!"
Michelle, turning her head to look at her: "Yes, so?"
Elizabeth: "What do you mean with 'so'? You can't pee yourself like that!"
Michelle: "Why?"
Elizabeth looks for a reason, besides the obvious because–you–can't: "Because... because it's embarrassing, what would people think about you when they see you in your wet pants?"
Michelle: "Which people? There's no one here beside us."
Alyssa: "And I don't care..."
Elizabeth gives her sister an angry look: "Yes, but you..." then she realizes that Michelle doesn't know about her other sister's fetish "but you should be on my side" and turning again to Michelle: "And when we go back? Will you be walking around in your wet pants?"
Michelle, still peeing in her jeans: "By then they'll be dry. Besides, it's getting hot, the wet fabric is cooling and it's so refreshing..."
Alyssa: "Michelle, go on, don't listen to her, she's so uptight."
Elizabeth looks at them like saying, "you're unbelievable", and turns around and keeps walking; with her sisters quickly join her, Michelle leaving a trail of drops that still fall from her jeans.
Now they are sunbathing at a small pier over the lake, Michelle with her pants beginning to dry and looking at her with a look that says "didn't I tell you?" Elizabeth ignores her and enjoys the sun setting between her sisters, letting her head fall behind and closing her eyes, her legs hanging over the water. Then she hears something splashing in the water below. Looking for the source of the noise, she sees Alyssa in her same position, and notices in the crotch of her khaki shorts a dark stain is growing. She can't believe it, it's her sister's pee that is wetting the fabric and forming a small lake between Alyssa's legs before falling between the planks to the water below!
Elizabeth: "Alyssa! You too?"
Alyssa: "Yes, why not? I didn't feel like getting up to go pee..."
Elizabeth: "But... but... what's this? Am I the only right–minded one that doesn't pee herself?"
Alyssa: "You can do it too if you want... don't you need to go?"
Elizabeth realizes that in fact she's dying to go, but she can't pee herself, what would her sisters think about her? "No, I can hold it."
Alyssa keeps peeing and sunbathing: "As you wish..."
It seems that Alyssa is going to pee forever, and the splashing on the lake is making Elizabeth more desperate, until she can't stand it anymore, and geta up to go behind some bushes.
Alyssa, holding her by an arm: "Where are you going?"
Elizabeth: "I have to pee"
Alyssa, still holding her down: "So do it, what's the problem?"
Michelle: "Yes Ely, why are you going to get up, if we are fine here?"
Elizabeth: "Do you want me to pee my pants like you did?"
Alyssa: "You don't have to, you're wearing a dress."
Michelle: "Yes, if you don't want it to get wet, just pull it away."
Elizabeth looks at herself and sees that they're right, she's wearing a dress: "and what about the thong? Should I pee through it?"
Alyssa, looking annoyed: "Ok, if your going to be so uptight, you can take your thong off too."
Elizabeth, ashamed of not being more liberal: "No, don't worry, it's ok like this."
She pulls her dress from below her ass and moves a little to place her crotch over the space between two planks, so the pier doesn't get wet. Then she tries to relax and pee, but even being so desperate, it's difficult with her sisters' eyes fixed at her crotch. Fearing that she couldn't do it (what would her sisters think of her, not being able to even pee through her thong?) pushes a little with her pussy muscles and after a few seconds she feels it come out, at first just a spurt that only wets her thong's crotch, causing Alyssa and Michelle to let out short screams of enjoyment. Then she manages to release a longer spurt, which soon becomes a constant flow. She expects to hear it splashing over the water, but something's wrong. The only sounds she hears are the laughs of her sisters, and now she's realizes that's not sitting at the pier but instead directly over the lake.
Elizabeth wakes up shocked. It was a dream... and she's wetting her bed! Instantly cuts the flow, but it's already too late. The right side of her hip and her right leg are soaked, as well as half her thong. Pulling away the blanket, she sees a large wet spot under her body that extends from her waist to half of her thigh. As she gets up, she feels her nightdress also wet on the side. Sits a moment on the edge of the bed, looking ashamed at the big stain of pee that she left on the sheets. How could she have wet the bed? It had not happened since she was a little girl, why now?
While thinking about it, she gets up and removes the sheets off the bed to put them to wash. Then she goes to the bathroom and gets in the shower, taking the nightdress off (trying to avoid any contact with the wet fabric) but leaves the thong on so she can wash it while showering.
Opening the shower, she feels her bladder still full and, since her thong is already wet, thinks "what the hell" and begins to pee through it, feeling the warm liquid flowing down her legs. And that feeling reminds her of another... she was peeing her in her underwear and wetting her legs too, but also was feeling the hand of her sister Alyssa masturbating her through the soaked panties. And she was masturbating her sister also, and they both came in each other's hands. She feels her nipples hardening and touches one with a hand, while the other copies the movements made by her sister's hand against her crotch. When she feels that rubbing is not enough, pulls the thong apart with one finger while penetrating herself with another, in and out, in and out, in and out, faster and faster, until her body is shaken by an orgasm that makes her swallow some water while she lets out a scream under the shower.
Once she regains control of herself she finishes showering, dries herself and puts on some clothes. Then puts the sheets in the washing machine and, since it's getting late, leaves the bed undone so the mattress can dry and goes off to the office.
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
At noon Elizabeth returns to her home. It's Saturday and she only has to work in the morning, so she has the rest of the day for herself. When she goes to the bedroom to change and put on something more comfortable sees the bed with the mattress still showing the stain of pee from that morning. Remembering her accident she has an idea. She turns on the computer and, while it starts, goes to the kitchen to get something to eat. She doesn't feel like cooking, so she makes herself a coffee, grabs some crackers and goes back to the computer. Opens a browser and types: [peeing].
She's amazed at how many sites she founds about women peeing themselves, but most of then are pay sites. But she also finds a few free ones, where she can see pictures and read stories about girls in different situations in which they get desperate until they can't hold it anymore and end up peeing their panties. At first she's only curious, but them something different begins to grow inside her.
Elizabeth discovers that she's more attracted by the pictures of women wetting themselves, but not by the ones of people peeing on each other (she learns it's called "golden showers") and strangely enough, neither the ones of men peeing (freely or in their clothes). What she finds that attracts her most are the stories of girls having "accidents" after holding it too long– those she reads completely and enjoys every detail.
After a few hours of navigating in the net she finds many free sites with a lot of picture galleries, stories and even videos. The sun is falling when she enters a chat room, just to see what's happening. After reading for five minutes it's obvious that the users are almost all men, even most of the "girls", but she finds a user that she's sure that's a real girl. Given that the girl has the nickname "shepee76", she assumes that she must be a couple of years older than herself, about the age of her sister Alyssa, so she invites her to a private room to chat without interruptions. After answering several questions to prove that she's a girl too, the real chat begins:
shepee76 – what do you want to talk about? curiousy – I don't know what happens to me, until a year ago I've never peed myself and lately seems to happen all the time shepee76 – and how did you get here? curiousy – been looking at pee sites, don't know why curiousy – I'm confused shepee76 – tell me how it happened the first time curiousy – coming back from a bar with two of my sisters, we all were desperate and lost it before getting home (there is a pause before the answer arrives) shepee76 – and the next one? curiousy – a holding competition with my sisters (another pause) shepee76 – you're kidding me curiousy – really, and we all end up wetting again... but I won :–) shepee76 – congratulations :–) shepee76 – any more? curiousy – yes, a few days after that, one of my sisters and I peed ourselves in a train... another holding contest shepee76 – now I can't believe you curiousy – I know, sounds crazy, but i wanted to prove something and that was the only way shepee76 – prove what? (now it is Elizabeth that takes a while to answer) curiousy – sorry, I prefer not to tell you shepee76 – as you want shepee76 – and now, why you have you come here? curiousy – this morning I wet the bed (a pause) shepee76 – do you remember your dream? curiousy – kinda shepee76 – tell me curiousy – was with my sisters in a forest and they both wet their pants as if were normal and made me feel bad for not doing it, so I finally did it curiousy – in the dream and in real life shepee76 – a curious dream shepee76 – and how did you feel after? curiousy – ashamed, but then curious (the doorbell rings in Elizabeth's house) curiousy – wait a minute, there's someone at the door
She goes check but it's nothing, just a delivery boy with the wrong address. But getting up and stopping concentrating on what she was doing causes the coffees she drunk at the office and the one she drunk earlier at home to try escape from her full bladder, so she has to twist her legs while answering the door. But then she doesn't go to the toilet, instead she returns to the computer.
curiousy – I'm back shepee76 – everything ok? curiousy – yes, wasn't for me shepee76 – you were telling me about your dream curiousy – wait, have to tell you something else shepee76 – I'm listening curiousy – getting up I felt desperate and remembered that didn't pee since this morning shepee76 – so you went to the toilet? (a pause) curiousy – no shepee76 – and you're desperate curiousy – I'm dying shepee76 – why didn't go?(pause) curiousy – don't know shepee76 – want to pee yourself? (another pause) curiousy – don't know, maybe shepee76 – we can keep chatting until you know curiousy – ok shepee76 – can I ask what are you're wearing? curiousy – yes, jean shorts and a skirt shepee76 – shoes? curiousy – sandals shepee76 – you better take them off.. Just in case curiousy – you're right curiousy – oh shepee76 – what? curiousy – the floor is cold, almost peed when I touched it shepee76 – but you hold it curiousy – for now shepee76 – can I tell you something to distract you? curiousy – ok shepee76 – several years ago I discovered that I get excited peeing myself shepee76 – when I was young peed my pants in public shepee76 – I was ashamed, but when I got home and into the bathroom to change shepee76 – saw my wet panties and begun to touch myself until I came shepee76 – it was the best orgasm I have had shepee76 – since then I pee myself for pleasure, always inside my house shepee76 – and then masturbate through my wet clothes (there's a pause) shepee76 – are you there? (a few seconds pass) shepee76 – curiousy? (there's still no answer for a few more seconds) curiousy – here shepee76 – what happened? (more seconds pass) curiousy – I peed (a pause) shepee76 – sitting there? curiousy – yes shepee76 – wanna tell me? curiousy – couldn't hold it, it spurted, but only a little shepee76 – and went to the bathroom? curiousy – not yet shepee76 – how do you feel? curiousy – desperate shepee76 – your clothes are wet?
Elizabeth spreads her legs a little to take a look.
curiousy – not the shorts, but my thong feels wet shepee76 – can you still hold it? curiousy – don't know shepee76 – and are you going to the toilet?
Elizabeth takes a few seconds to answer.
curiousy – NO shepee76 – that's my girl shepee76 – are you holding your crotch? curiousy – no, I'm typing with both hands shepee76 – great, can I ask you a favor curiousy – tell me shepee76 – don't grab yourself, keep typing and telling me everything, no matter what curiousy – ok curiousy – it's difficult, my hands shake shepee76 – do your best, please curiousy – ok curiousy – I'm pressing my legs to hold it curiousy – my bladder is hurting curiousy – oh, I'll pee in the chair curiousy – can't believe it curiousy – it is trying to escape curiousy – don't know if if I caaaaaaan (a few seconds pause) curiousy – oh shepee76 – what? curiousy – spurted again shepee76 – a lot? curiousy – plenty, it shows in the shorts and feels wet on my butt shepee76 – and you'll go to the toilet?
Elizabeth thinks.
curiousy – no, it's too late anyway shepee76 – keep typing curiousy – pressing my knees but it doesn't help curiousy – I will pee again anytime curiousy – don't grab myself, as you said curiousy – it could help curiousy – bouncing doesn't help either curiousy – I'mm tremblingg curiousy – cant hold it cant hold it curiousy – ooooooooooooooo (another pause) shepee76 – curiousy, tell me curiousy – I'm doing it shepee76 – details please curiousy – can't hold it curiousy – it's hissing curiousy – pools in my butt curiousy – falls down legs curiousy – is warm curiousy – shorts are soaked curiousy – it's falling from the chair curiousy – and forms a pool below shepee76 – are you still peeing? curiousy – yes, I held too long shepee76 – how does it feel? curiousy – strange curiousy – I finished shepee76 – so, how was it? curiousy – wait, there's more curiousy – spreading over my legs and pooling around the chair shepee76 – how do you feel? curiousy – relieved shepee76 – did you like it? (another pause) curiousy – yes, it was amazing curiousy – I am touching my wet shorts, it feels strange but nice shepee76 – I'm really excited after reading how you peed yourself, are you feeling the same?
Elizabeth thinks.
curiousy – yes shepee76 – you can masturbate if you want, I'll wait
Elizabeth is about to answer, but instead looks at her wet clothes and then the small pool on the chair and the ones on the floor, and with one hand reaches between her legs and begins to rub the soaked fabric...
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Alyssa has a hand inside her pants and panties and is penetrating herself with two fingers while looking at the screen. She's so excited by the chat, especially after discovering that the one in the other side was her sister Elizabeth, telling her (without knowing about it) that she also gets excited peeing herself.
Elizabeth didn't respond to her last message, so she imagines that she is masturbating as she suggested. The mental image of her sister wetting her shorts in front of the computer and now masturbating with her peed clothes on makes her reach her orgasm in just a few seconds. A tremble runs through her body, as her fingers get wet with pee, her bladder finally releasing all the water she drunk while chatting. Once she finishes, begins to read all the chat again while she waits for her sister to finish discovering the pleasures of wet masturbation...
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
curiousy – UOUH! shepee76 – it's good, isn't it? curiousy – I can't believe it shepee76 – how do you feel curiousy – exhausted shepee76 – do you want me to tell you something? curiousy – go on shepee76 – I just peed myself too curiousy – really? shepee76 – yes, now I'm sitting over a pool of pee, and my pants and panties are soaked shepee76 – pee is still dripping from below shepee76 – do you want to read more? curiousy – please shepee76 – in case your interested, I'm wearing blue sweatpants and white socks shepee76 – while we were chatting I drank a lot of water and was about to explode shepee76 – when you told me you were peeing yourself it almost happened to me too shepee76 – I held it, but while you were masturbating I did the same shepee76 – started to lose it when I came shepee76 – stood up and pee was running down my pants and to the floor shepee76 – there are wet stains in the sweat pant legs and my socks are soaked shepee76 – did you like it?
(no answer)
shepee76 – curiousy, are you still there? curiousy – yes I'm here shepee76 – everything ok? curiousy – it's embarrassing shepee76 – I thought we had left that behind already curiousy – I came again reading your story shepee76 – you're welcome :–) curiousy – I liked this a lot, wanna do it again? shepee76 – no problem, but we're not going to get anywhere with empty bladders shepee76 – what about meeting here again tomorrow at noon? curiousy – ok, tomorrow is good shepee76 – well, see you here shepee76 – BTW, make sure to drink a lot of water before we start curiousy – ok :–) curiousy – see you tomorrow shepee76 – see you
Elizabeth logs off but stays in her place. Feels the wet fabric of the shorts against her butt and sees the wet stain over the inner side of the shorts legs that goes up to the open zipper that reveals the beginning of her pubic hair under the pulled down thong. She has to clean the mess, but not yet. First she leans a little on the chair and puts her hand once again inside her shorts to masturbate, this time slowly, taking the time to remember all the times in which her and her sisters peed their pants.
By: Gus74