Title: The Band

By: Fluidity

The parade had started an hour ago, but Tish's band was waiting in the staging area on 96th street. Tish watched all the bands, horses, dignitaries (or horses' asses, Tish thought), and floats that were ahead of her band. It was quite an honor for her college band to be invited to this parade, one of the many parades for which New York City is famous. It meant showing off the fine band to an immense crowd during the hour walk down Fifth Avenue. She and her boyfriend, Frank, both played clarinet and marched side by side. They had been dating for about three months and Tish had never felt so glorious in her whole life, for Frank was her first real boyfriend.

Tish ran from the porta-potty with an empty bladder and no fears for the parade. She still remembered with horror the time she was caught short during the homecoming football game's half time show. Tish became desperate for a piss during the show, and still could not believe she lasted through it. She wore the official band uniform, long starched light khaki slacks with red trim, jacket, and cap to match; wet spots at the crotch would stand out like a spotlight especially with Tish's red silk panties that she loved to wear at band events; they were so soft and sheer that she imagined she had nothing on and everyone was looking at her, one of her little exhibition fantasies that she and Frank played at on their own.

"I swear that this will be a piss-free parade," said Shelly, who marched beside Tish, opposite Frank. Shelly played the sax and did not last through that half time show, squirting into her pants a dozen or more times before the show was over. Shelly was close to tears by the time she struggled off the field, still bursting to let the rest of her bladder out. She and Tish then fought over a place in the girls' bathroom line: Tish reminded Shelly that she, Tish, hadn't been able to squirt a drop all through the show, still had dry pants meaning more to lose, and thus went ahead of her; Shelly lost three more squirts into her pants because of that decision.

Today Shelly decided to go braless; she always got horny over the way her uniform rubbed against her nipples when she was marching; this time she hoped everyone on Fifth avenue would see her hard nipples poking out from the front of her khaki blouse with her long blonde hair streaming down, almost reaching her breasts; she could always let her sax sway against her nipples if they needed any additional attention during the march. Shelly had preceded Tish in the porta-potty, as they were very close and usually shared bathroom trips when they were together. "I haven't sipped a drop in three hours, so this will be a breeze; not like that homecoming half time when we went out after three or four beers each and paid the price," said Tish.

As Tish took her place in the band's formation, all the excitement of the event could not keep her from wondering what was going on down in Washington where that fantastic flying saucer had been sitting on the mall for several days. There was a rumor that something was going to happen today, but she couldn't keep up with the news while in college, what with classes and band practice and making out with Frank; it was all she could do to juggle those balls in the air; she had no room for anything else, especially this day as she marched out onto Fifth Avenue with her band just as Noon was passed.

It wasn't fifteen minutes later than the three companions each knew, unmistakably, that they were going to have a very difficult time finishing this parade; all three of their bladders were filling at a phenomenal rate, but no faster than those of every human on the planet. The alien in control of the spacecraft resting on the Washington Mall believed, correctly, that no human on earth would ignore him after this little demonstration of power.

It was Shelly who spoke first, "I don't know where it is coming from but I'm going to need a pee break very soon. I feel like four beers are making their way through me." "Me too," said Frank, who jiggled his cock into a standing position with his clarinet; it always responded quickly to any woman's interest in taking a leak. "Make that three," ventured Tish; "I'm getting very uncomfortable." The three continued down the street, playing and marching, doing their rehearsed routine which was becoming more and more difficult to concentrate on. The crowd, too, was beginning to lose interest in the bands and animals and movie stars and dignitaries, as more pressing matters came to their attention. The police watched porta-potty lines grow faster and longer then they had ever seen.

Twenty-five minutes after the parade began the band had reached the Plaza Hotel and the huge golden statue of Civil War General, William T. Sherman, astride his horse. Tish was playing the clarinet part of "Marching Through Georgia" as she glanced up at that golden horse and imagined its huge cock pouring forth several gallons of hot urine over the packed crowd; she imagined this since it would, perhaps, allow her to begin to empty her own bladder which had apparently filled after thirty blocks, despite no fluid intake in three hours.

During a break in the playing she whispered over to Frank, "This is ridiculous; I've gotta pee and very soon". "Me too," said Frank; "I've been in pain for blocks now. Shelly, how are you doing?"

"I'm going to squirt any second now," whined Shelly. "I've been trying to fidget but its impossible while playing and marching; I just can't get a tight grip on my pee hole. Oh! Look over there!" Shelly nodded toward a spot in the crowd about 25 feet away; a little girl about eight squatted down on the curb and began peeing through her pants with such intensity you would think she had been waiting two hours. She squatted there while her mother (it was assumed) spoke frantically to the man next to her (the father, it was assumed). The Mother was rocking back and forth on her legs and looked for all the world like she was as desperate as her daughter had been, but without the daughter's ability to let decorum fly.

Suddenly the woman gave out a cry, hopped down next to her daughter and began frantically pulling up her tight white skirt as pee began to stream down between her legs. Her skirt was very wet by the time she had squatted next to her daughter and let her stream of piss flow out from her white panties and through her pantyhose. The daughter's stream had been impressive; her Mother's stream did, in fact, make one wonder what Sherman's giant horse was capable of, and consider the possibility that the horse would meet its match in flow rate when compared to this woman.

As the band went into one of its marching maneuvers, Frank whispered back to Tish, "What the fuck is going on? I have never see anyone pee in a parade in my life, and here the three of us find ourselves with piss up to our eyeballs, and then a mother and daughter whiz in the gutter right in front of us. This isn't real!"

"My bladder is real," said Tish, "and it won't wait much longer; watching those females pee doesn't help me hold back my flood."

"Shit! Shit! Shit!" cried Sherry as she tried to play her part of "Tramp! Tramp! Tramp! The Boys Go Marching," She was squirting into her pants at each breath she took to play her instrument. "I'm pissing my pants," she squealed.

Tish clamped down tight on her bladder, which ached with pressure she hadn't felt in years. "How can I get through this," she asked herself, knowing there was another mile and a half of marching to go; at least a half-hour. "Impossible, utterly impossible."

She glanced over to the row of porta-potties positioned for the parade; there was a line that stretched down the block and around the corner and beyond at least two hundred yards. The people near the front of the line were obviously desperate beyond understanding; women were bending over with their hands tightly pressed between their legs, bobbing up and down or hopping from leg to leg in a futile attempt to keep from squirting; men were rubbing their cocks furiously hoping an erection would give them a few more minutes; other men grimaced in pain but stood stoically watching the display of bursting humanity before them. Woman ran up to the front of the line with children hoping they could cut in for the children's sake (and sneak a leak for themselves), but no one was being courteous today. And people were beginning to flow away from the sidewalk and move toward those porta-potty lines.

Tish looked coldly at Ellen, the drum major who continued to lead their band. She was a year ahead of Tish and was an egotistical, stuck-up bitch, but she could toss the baton like no one Tish had ever seen. Tish could see a huge wet spot in Ellen's crotch; Ellen had been pissing in her pants probably the past block or two, but kept tossing that baton; she has no shame at all, Tish thought. And then she saw the tears flowing down Ellen's cheeks and she knew that Ellen didn't know what to do except to lead the band down to Macy's at 34th Street.

Tish broke ranks and ran up to Ellen. "Ellen, you aren't alone; we all are about to piss our own pants if we haven't already; there isn't any sense keeping this up; let's go find a place to pee, and quick." Ellen stared at her with pain in her expression, nodded in agreement, and then dropped to the street, pulled down the slacks of her uniform and her white panties, and let loose the longest stream she had ever let go, there in the middle of Fifth Avenue; her mother back in Two Sheds, Iowa, watched her daughter perform this memorable act on national television, just before racing to the outhouse just behind the family farmhouse.

The band had stopped its formation when Tish ran up to Ellen, and now it began to drift into the crowd, as did the whole parade. Tish, Frank, and Shelly watched in amazement as scene after scene passed before their eyes. Every stone wall was lined with men letting loose a stream of piss while the women frantically looked for some cover where there was none. Some women stood hopping up and down forced to watch their male companions relieve their own bladders, full beyond understanding, while the women, just as full, were hamstrung by social conventions, unable to do the obvious, even as pee began to squirt between their legs.

Shelly had her hand clamped against her crotch and whined to Frank and Tish, "I'm squirting my pants; I don't care any more, I have to pee now." She ran over to the fountain in front of the Plaza Hotel, turned her back to it, pulled down her pants and sat on the edge as if the fountain were a gigantic toilet seat. As she sat there pissing like a fire-hose, her hard nipples stuck out like tent-poles on her blouse, attracting the attention of every man who saw her, at least those who weren't consumed by their own bladder. Her whiz into the fountain was echoed by about forty men who were using it for the same purpose, and one other desperate woman. The symphony of emptying bladders echoed against the walls of midtown Manhattan like deafening traffic hubbub.

Tish looked at Frank, "Do you think we can make it back to the hotel? It's only a five minute walk. I don't know if I can wait that long, but I'd sure like to try. It isn't often we find ourselves both dying to pee at the same time." "I've got a boner knowing your are so desperate for a piss," said Frank. "So I can't go no matter how much it hurts; let's get to the hotel." "Shelly; meet you at the hotel; Frank and I will be in my room for a while," said Tish as Shelly sat and pissed away. Tish smiled and winked at her blissfully pissing friend who knew what Tish and Frank were up to. The shower stall in Tish's room would soon flow golden as the two lovers wrapped themselves in their arms and in their sexually-charged relief, thanks to the beneficence of the alien.

