Godfrey was sat on the train, reading his newspaper on his way home from a business trip. It was a two–carriage train and it was beginning to fill up, but the seat next to him was still empty, which pleased him. At the next station, however, several more passengers got on, including a very pretty blonde girl in her early twenties, who came and sat next to him. Godfrey shuffled up a bit to make room for the young lady. As the train pulled out of the station the young lady looked round and upon seeing that everyone was seated, she got up and went toward the toilet. She returned almost immediately and sat down looking a little irritated and uncomfortable. "Typical of this damned rail company," she complained to herself aloud.
"Huh? Something wrong? Sorry I didn't catch what you said, sorry," replied Godfrey assuming she was talking to him.
"Damned loo is out of order and I have a really full bladder," said the girl quietly.
"Oh dear. Going far?" asked Godfrey
"Only to the end of the line up the top end of the valley. About another hour and a half if we're lucky." The girl complained, opening and closing her legs. "I don't know whether I can last that long."
"Oh dear, how distressing," Godfrey observed. "It really is a disgrace."
"Well it'll be more than a disgrace if I can't hang on," said the girl, as she stuffed her hand up her short skirt.
"Oh I say. Erm– here, would you rather change seats with me so you are at least a bit less, erm, that is to say erm...um, ah, so that your embarrassment is a bit less obvious to everyone?" asked Godfrey.
"That would be a bit of help. Thank you so much. Are you sure you don't mind? Oh my name is Charlotte, by the way." She said.
"Not at all. Glad to be able to help a little," said Godfrey rising from his seat, being careful to hold his newspaper in front of his crotch to conceal his stiffening member. "Mine's Godfrey."
Charlotte slid along the seat behind Godfrey as he moved to the seat next to the center aisle, affording Charlotte a little more privacy in her predicament.
Charlotte was still very, very uncomfortable. In fact she was really bursting. She unbuttoned the waist of her skirt and put her hands just inside her knickers, stretching the elastic to ease the pressure a little. This eased the situation for a few minutes, so she engaged in idle chat with Godfrey to try to take her mind off her over full bladder. As the train pulled into the next station about half the passengers got off, including all of those in their immediate vicinity. As the train started off again, it jerked and jolted, catching Charlotte by surprise and almost causing her to lose control. She immediately lifted herself slightly and stuffed her free hand between her legs and straight into her crotch, holding her breath and pushing as hard as she could on her little pee hole, which begged relief. She was very embarrassed at having to do this while sitting next to a complete stranger. "Ooh I am so sorry, oooh," she said to Godfrey. "You must think I'm terrible – ooh owwww – going on like this next to you. Oooohhh," and she rubbed herself vigorously to try and ease the pain and pressure.
"Not at all" said Godfrey who now had a hard on so stiff it was almost bursting through his trousers. "I quite understand, Charlotte, and I must say I really do sympathize with you in this present predicament. I really do wish there was something I could do to help you. Do you think you can manage to hang on? We have about another three quarters of an hour to go yet."
"Oooh No!" she complained. "I don't think I am go–oh, go, oooh, oooh, aaahhh, going to be able to. It is nearly coming out. Oooh, oooh. Oh dear. What am I going to do?"
Godfrey was starting to feel dreadfully uncomfortable himself by now, but for a different reason. His engorged cock was almost begging relief itself, but not because he wanted a pee, of course. He shuffled about in his seat trying to find a way to discretely rub himself. "Maybe if you just let a little dribble out to ease the pressure a bit. There's no–one else in this end of the coach," he suggested. Just then his cock twitched violently, causing him to involuntarily grab it and cry out in surprise as he just stopped himself from ejaculating into his undies.
"I am afraid that I might not, not, oooooh, not be able to st–t–t stop if I did that," Charlotte complained. She looked at Godfrey's lap and seeing him holding his cock through his trousers she asked. "Oh dear, are you wanting to go as well now?"
"No, erm no, um that is, erm, um, well, no I do not need a pee but I am, oh dear, this sounds awful, erm" stammered Godfrey. "I am afraid that your being on the verge of, that is, you being as you are, has–erm, excited me a bit. Oh dear, what must you think of me?"
"Ooooh ooooh oowww nnnggg ooooh," cried Charlotte, bouncing up and down on the seat for all she was worth. Finally the urge eased slightly, and she said, "I had read somewhere that some men are excited by ladies in distress like this." She looked down at his lap and said, "Oh my, you are a big boy too. Oooh dear, noooo," as another pressure wave came, "Now my hand has gone to sleep."
The train pulled into the next station on its journey up the valley and the last of the other passengers got off. "We're on the last leg now," said Godfrey, "And the train is empty too."
"Oooh– oooh– ooooh," cried Charlotte bouncing up and down like a ping–pong ball. "It may b be the la–las–last ooooh, leg, but it's still fifteen minutes and I am not going to be able t–t– to wait th–th– tha that long. Oooooowwwwww," she was massaging her poor little pee hole for all she was worth.
"Well, there's only one thing for it then," said Godfrey, "You're gonna have to do some of it here then. "
"But I can't. Not on the train, ooooow. What will people think?"
"I don't see anybody to think anyway. There's only me here and you are going to have to do something because when we come to get off there'll be lots of people around. Do it here and then we'll move up to the other end of the train and pretend someone must have done who had already gotten off earlier. Come on now, while you've still got time."
"Oooh. Aaarrgh. You, you, you're right. Hang on. Oooh, there's just one thing. When I g– get desperate, I've never been desperate like this be be–before, I have to ooooh, you know, do something to my oooooo, to myself."
"Look I think I know what you mean and I am dying to do the same thing to myself," said Godfrey. "I am practically coming in my jolly trousers, don't you know? You have your pee while there's still time and then perhaps we can help each other out, eh?"
"Ooooh Aaaahh Owwwww. Ooo, okay. I don't care as long as this p– p– pain goes," and with that Charlotte yanked her sopping wet knickers down to her ankles, lifted her feet in the air, spread her knees and shot out a great gusher of red hot pee straight into the back of the seat in front. She went on for ages and ages till the stream finally dwindled. Godfrey was just about to offer his hand in assistance when Charlotte said, "No, not yet," and the stream burst out strongly again. Finally, after what seemed an eternity she finished her mammoth pee, sighed with relief and then leant over to get Godfrey's swollen member out. "Woweee! What a beauty," she exclaimed diving down on it.
"Here, hang on. Let's get in a position where we can both get at each other then," said Godfrey, and they struggled to the seat into the sixty–nine position. It wasn't long before Charlotte had relieved Godfrey of his pent up load, and straight afterwards she burst forth into a mind blowing orgasm herself in response to Godfrey's attention.
They just managed to get themselves down the other end of the train and looking decent, except that Charlotte was knickerless, when the train pulled into the terminus station. They got off, walked arm in arm to the end of the platform and kissed passionately. "Fancy coming round to my place?" they both said together.
They talked about it and decided on Godfrey's place. "We'll have to hurry though, because I am busting for a pee now," said Godfrey.
"Oh no you don't, " said Charlotte. "We'll take our time. You've had your fun while I was squirming in agony. Now it's may turn." And off they walked arm in arm with Godfrey panting and squirming and clutching at his cock and Charlotte smiling and enjoying every minute of it now.
By: Gopher