The Bus Journey
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by XxPorprixX on December 5th, 2010 at 9:43AM

Ok so this is my story, it has 3 parts and this is part one, hope you guys enjoy it :D

So me and my friends are schollers at a school in the Uk. I am a scholer for drama and art and this was the this terms scholer trip. So we were all climbing onto the bus, I was pritty excited cause I had only just gotten my scholerships and this was my first time. So we all climb onto the bus, chatting, laughing all the things teenagers do when I relise I really need to pee. I didn't go though cause everyone would have looked at me if I left my place in line to get onto the bus, so I simply would hold it, besides I would be next Ellie, she was like my best friend so she wouldn't tell anyone if things got bad for me. But we had an evil teacher and she was choosing where we would sit and I had to sit next to Fred (I would like 2 point out tht these names have been asighned to people at random, they are not really the names of the people in real life, carry on!) He had been my crush sinse year 7. 

I had tryed to convince myself otherwise but I knew deep down I hearted him <3. So I would have normaly been frilled to sit next to him BUT A) He knows who I am, cause of I got him and my other best friend to be a couple and so he knows I know who he is so thats one conversation gone B) He is going out with one m=of my bessies, like I just said and C) I REALLY HAD TO PEE! So I gulped and took my place next to him, corinsidently Matha (His girl friend) sat behind us.

"Hi, do I know you from some where?" He said as he gazed into my eyes.

I was a bit shocked he didnt know who I wasbut hey I won't knock it.

"Yer I am Porpri, your gf's bf? The one who got you 2 together?" I said. He looked at me, then down at my purple dress I got from tammy (It was a home clothes day so we wern't in uiniform and I had put a bit of make up on ;) )

"Wow you look really kinda...hot" I was really quite shocked he had said that compared to I was quite a self consious person who never thought I looked more than average, so I was quite frilled to here him say that.But then of course my bladder reminded me of its presanse and I doubled over. He looked at me strangely for a second, I would have died but luckely Martha saved me.

"Hey Fred hey Porpri" she said as she stuck her head between the teo seets. I noticed she was sitting next to Jack in my year and he looked like he was desperate to talk to fred, who was his bessie.

"Hey my lovely" said fred and kissed her quickly. I just smiled, then I noticed Martha was on her phone, she was rexting me. I looked at my iphone it said:

U RELI HAV 2 PEE DONT U/

I replied:

YES, BALDY, F*CK AND I HAV 2 B NEXT 2 UR BF

she said:

AND THE GUY WHO HAS A CRUSH ON U BEHIND U, THEN AGIAN EVERY GUY ON THIS BUS DOES SINCE U LOOK SO CUTE 2DAY :D

I rolled my eyes at her text then picked up my jacket and put it over my lap so I could hod myself, we had only just started moving and I was already desperate. I grabed my cruch as hard as I could as we went over the speed bumps, the belt was restickting me and I could already feel the pee forcing itself out of me. I wimpered

"U ok?" Fred asked me

"Yer" I replyed "Just a bit nervous, you know this being my first shcoler outing and all" Martha shook her head at me, my phone vibrated, it was really testing my bladder, my legs shook and I clutched my bladder hard. I looked at my phone:

From Martha

U RELI HAV 2 PEE, B CARFUL I THINK FRD GETS TURNED ON BY THT CAUSE HE WAS RELI LOOKIN AT U WEN U WERE KINDA JIGGELIN WEN U GOT ON THE BUS, HES MY MAN AND DONT U 4GET THT :D

I rolled my eyes at her texts before puttin my phone away. Fred and Matha were chattin it up, I then noticed what I call "An actors wounderin eye" if you yourself are an actor you can see very clearly, its when your eyes wounder very discreetly and fix them selves on a spot permanmantly without anyone noticing, was a very clever tick. I follwed his eyes to see that they where fixed on my croch, ti was then that I relised my coat had slipped on to the floor. With the amoutn of shock and embarresment I lost control of my bladder as I picked up my coat and had to stuff my hands into it for a second, onlybriefly, then I corssed my legs and put my coat beside me.

Fred really must have seen cause he then rumiged in his bag and pulled out a water bottle and began to drink from it. I squirmed a bit, then focussed my energy away from him and on Rachel, the other art shcoller in are year (Me, polly and Racherl where the only art schollers in the year and Polly wasn't in today!) I waved at her and began to text her. It was then when my phone bleeped with someone elses text, that someone called fred:

I KNOW THT U NEED 2 PEE AND TILL U ADMIT IT I SHALL MAKE UR LIFE A MISERY, WOULD U LIKE SOME WATER CAUSE I AM MAKIN THIS INOT A LITTLE GAME IF U WANNA PLAY ALONG CAUSE I KNOW MARTHA WILL NEVA DO THIS BUT U MIGHT :D

I stared at him, I knew him as a sweet sensative guy, I never would have thought he would want to have this kinda fun, at the same time Iwas way to embarressed to tell him I needed to go, even if he knew already.

