Title: A Polished Performance

By: Nicola Steele

As a member of our Trade Union committee, I was lucky enough to be sent to a week’s exchange visit to Poland in the times before Eastern Europe was open for tourism. On the first day there was a welcoming ceremony, with speeches and then a small reception. I had several glasses of wine at the reception, followed by some black coffee to clear my head. Then we were taken on a coach tour of the surrounding country.

I had not been on the coach long when I wanted to wee, and soon I was having to sit on my foot to reduce the strain on my bladder, which seemed to be getting fuller by the minute. Every time the coach slowed in a village, I prayed that we were going to stop, so I would have a chance to wee, and eventually we stopped to visit a farm collective.

The walk from the coach to the entrance seemed miles, and walking increased my need to wee, as it always does. I was wearing my best jeans, and in the fashion of the time, these were almost skin tight. The front was pressing against my bladder, and making me want to go even more. I hoped there would be a loo in the reception area, but it was only an old shack with photographs of visiting officials on the walls.

I stood with my legs crossed tightly during the introduction from our guides, and when the group moved on at last, I was having to clench my bladder. We were given protective clothing for our tour, and I chose to wear an overall coat rather than a boiler suit, which would have kept the mud off my jeans, simply because I could put the coat on while keeping my legs crossed. Standing and walking had increased my need for a wee a lot, and I really did have to find a loo quickly.

We had to walk about 50 yards to inspect a milking unit. As the guide started to show us what was really only a dirty cow-shed, I decided that I could not bear to wait any longer; I just had to go to the loo. I asked the second guide if there was a toilet I could use, but he just shook his head and said we would get to the toilets soon. I didn’t know what to say. Didn’t he realise that the only reason I had asked was because I wanted to go so badly I could not wait much longer. I was left standing with my legs twisted together, hanging on for dear life, and wondering how much longer I was going to have to wait.

We seemed to spend ages looking at the milking area, and then went on to some more, equally boring farm units. I was really struggling by then, shivering with desperation, and stopping and crossing my legs at every opportunity. When I had to walk anywhere, I was mincing along, taking tiny steps with my thighs squeezed together, using all my strength to keep control of my bladder. It was a dank, cold day, and there was no heating in any of the buildings, and this cold was not helping my bladder. Standing close to a piece of machinery, I was able to press one hand between my legs without anyone seeing. What blessed relief ! I was still bursting, but at least for the moment I could relax a bit. The problem came when we moved on, and I had to take my hand away from my crutch. The urge to wee returned with a vengeance, as if trying to make up for the brief moments when I had not been so desperate.

I gripped my belt and pulled up my jeans with both hands, which both pulled the fabric tighter across my crutch and slightly pulled them away from my bladder, which was hurting it was so full. This did something to reduce my need to wee; it was not as good as holding between my legs, but it was an inconspicuous way of helping me wait. I walked all the way to the next building, a calving unit, like this. It was slightly warmer in there, but there was no machinery that I could use to hide me holding my crutch, which I so desperately wanted to do. I had to do something to hold out, so I put my hand inside my overalls and held my crutch from there. By this time, I really did not care if anyone could see me or not, because either I had to hold my crutch or I would soon be in danger of wetting my knickers. I was not taking any notice of the farm anymore, all I could think about was holding back my wee until I could get to a loo.

I just had to go, and in despair, I asked the guide again if there was a toilet, adding that I wanted to go very badly. The guide told me abruptly that there were no toilets in this building, and that we would reach the toilets ‘later.’ By this time I was wanting to go desperately, and could not allow myself to be fobbed off so easily. I asked the guide if I could go on to the toilet straight away, and then rejoin the group. He shook his head again; all of the group had to stay together for ‘security.’ He appeared completely indifferent, and was either deliberately making me suffer, or just blindly following the rules. Quite frankly, he looked too bored or stupid to have the initiative to make anyone hold their wee and enjoy the sight.

There was no point in pleading with the guide any more, I had to wait until we reached this loo. I was crossing my legs, and doing everything I could to hold back my wee. I had both hands inside my overalls, one holding my crutch, the other pulling up my jeans. I tried to convince myself that by keeping my hands under the overall, nobody would know what I was doing, but really it was obvious that there was something seriously wrong with me. As the guide droned on, I was twisting my legs together, and then as the urge became almost unbearable, I was shivering with the effort of waiting.

Whether it was the cold, or the combination of wine and coffee I had drunk affecting my kidneys, I don’t know, but I most desperately wanted a wee, and if I could not get to a loo, then I was going to wet my knickers. Walking to the next lot of buildings, a pig breeding unit, was even worse than standing still, and I had to keep one hand pressed between my legs all the way. I wanted to go so badly that my bladder was really hurting, and walking over the uneven path was making this worse, no matter how carefully I trod.

Once we reached the pig unit, I tried to stop holding, but it was not long before I was so bad I had to start again. I would hold my crutch for a bit, and as soon as I felt in control, I would let go. Then the urge would build up again until I had to hold or wet my jeans. As the guide talked on, so the time that I could last without holding got shorter, and soon I was holding myself virtually all the time. I simply had to have a wee somewhere. I no longer cared where as long as it was soon, and I did not do it in my jeans. I looked round to see if there was anywhere I could go. Perhaps I could slip outside and wee behind the unit? I moved towards the door, but before I got there, one of the helpers stopped me.

"Please, " I said, "I want a toilet desperately, is there anywhere I can go." Since I was still holding my crutch underneath my overall, it should have been obvious that I was not exaggerating.

He just shook his head and pushed me back towards the rest of the group, none of whom seemed to be suffering like I was. Probably he did not speak English, and didn’t understand what I needed, but at the time I was in such a state that I felt like screaming at him for not helping me.

The only way I could make myself wait now was to hold my crutch. Even if people could see what I was doing, so what, it was better to hold my crutch than to wet myself. If I wet myself, I was going to be in wet jeans all day, and everybody I met would know what I had done. Holding my crutch was not so obvious, as I could have been adjusting my jeans, and nothing would show later. I hoped my overalls were hiding what I was doing, but I knew that nobody normally walked round with one hand tucked inside their overalls and the other pushed deep inside their pocket. I had never been in quite such a terrible predicament before. I had often been really desperate, but never had I been caught like this, in a group, nowhere to wee, and having to hold my crutch to stop myself wetting my knickers. I felt like a frantic little girl, hoping someone would realise just how desperate I was, and take me to a loo.

As I walked I was looking round to see if there was anywhere that I could possibly wee. There was nothing in the building except a load of pens full of pregnant pigs, all with locked gates, so there was not even the chance of squatting in one and having a wee. If there had been an open, empty pen, I think I would have used it to wee, and I might even of tried to push the pig out of the way and go in an occupied one if I could have got in. I really was in such a state that I was beginning to panic.

All I could think about was controlling my bladder, which meant I had to hold my crutch all the time. I was absolutely frantic, and constantly on the brink of letting go in my jeans. I seemed to be using every ounce of my strength to keep my bladder shut, as well as holding just as hard as I could press my hand up into my crutch. Several times I thought that I was going to break down and let it go in my knickers, but somehow I managed to wait.

I was so desperate that I was almost deciding that I didn’t care anymore, and that I would rather wee in my knickers right then, than have to make the effort to wait any longer. I began to wonder if it really would show that much if I was to wee a little bit in my jeans. Could I manage to let out just enough wee to ease this unbearable, intense, desperation, but not enough to notice? Luckily for my career, I came to my senses before I tried to do this. In hindsight, there was no way I would have been able to control my bladder once I had started to let go. One leak would have led to another, and I would have soaked my jeans before I would have been able to stop myself.

As we moved to the door, the urge to wee built up to a crescendo, and I thought that I was going to burst into my jeans. The only way I could wait was to stand still with my legs crossed and holding my crutch with both hands. As I fought for control, someone bumped into me, and I had to start walking again. I was still holding with both hands, and even so, I thought I was going to let go any second. (Try walking like this, it is not easy, and anyone seeing you is left in no doubt as to what the problem is.)

I simply could not go on like this much longer, I had to wee somewhere before I wet myself. I decided I would squat down round the side of the building as soon as I was outside. I really meant to do this. I was so frantic that I was prepared to squat down in front of everyone and wee. I did not think I could hold on for another second. As I moved away from the group, so one guide came alongside and told me to keep with the group.

"I MUST go to the toilet!" I told him, "Please let me go somewhere."

He just pushed me back toward the group. I was not sure he even understood what I wanted, but whatever, he was not going to help me, so I summoned up some more strength from somewhere, and managed to keep in control when I had to start walking again.

The next building was more pigs, and again no sign of any loos. I was not listening to the guide anymore, all my attention was focused on holding back my wee another few minutes, in the hope that eventually we would reach a loo. Then the pig in the pen I was standing by decided to have a wee. It stood there and let out a great stream of pee, splattering noisily against the concrete floor. Some of our group giggled at this, but I nearly screamed. This was the last straw, and the auto-suggestion was so strong that I could not prevent a spurt of wee escaping into my knickers.

I have never been jealous of a pig before, but at that moment I would have given anything to have changed places with that one, and be able to let my wee come pouring out. Instead I was fighting to stop another leak, groaning loudly as I pressed between my legs with all my strength. Somehow the crisis passed, and I was just in control again, but I could feel the wetness between my legs. Unless I could get to a loo very quickly, I was going to have to perform in public, either squatting by a wall or going in my jeans.

Two female workers had come in and were starting to feed the pigs. Perhaps they would understand how desperately I wanted to go, and how it was essential that I got to a loo now. At least they would know where the women’s loos were. I went up to the younger one, nearest me.

"Please, quickly, can you show me where the Ladies is?" I asked her. She looked blankly at me. I could feel some more wee starting to leak out. "Ladies, the ladies loos." I repeated, gritting my teeth with the effort of waiting.

Still no response. I was going frantic, and let another squirt go into my jeans. I had to do something to make her understand. Sign language was the only way. I held my crutch with both hands. "Toilet, toilet. Oh please where is the toilet !" I gasped.

At last she understood. She said something in Polish to her companion, who went over and began to talk to one of our guides. My friend took me by the arm and led me outside. I was still holding my crutch openly now, no longer caring who could see, fighting to hold on just a few seconds more, until we got to this loo. We seemed to be walking for miles, though it was actually only about 30 yards. She was hurrying, trying to pull me along, but I could hardly even walk, let alone walk fast. Round the corner of another building, and there were a couple of ramshackle huts, one without a door.

“Toilet” she said, pushing open the door and showing me a glorified hole in the ground, not that I cared what it was so long as I could wee there. I staggered inside, almost frantic, trying to shut the door, get my overalls unbuttoned, my belt undone, and my jeans and knickers down, all while still holding my crutch. My jeans were so tight that I needed two hands to peel them down over my hips. I had to let go of my crutch, and I knew I was not going to be able to control my bladder once I did this. My teeth were chattering with desperation as I tore at my jeans, pulling them down to my knees as I began to crouch down.

I had got my jeans down, and was pulling my overall out of the way, when I finally lost control and my bladder burst. I just managed to pull my kickers out of the way as the wee came pouring out. I crouched there, almost in tears, savouring the glorious relief as I relaxed and emptied my bladder at last. I was going for ages, showing how full my bladder had been.

It was so dim in the loo that I had to use feel to see how badly I had wet myself in the last panic. My knickers and the crutch of my jeans were wet, as was the hem of my overalls where it had got in the way when I had finally burst. The overalls were white, so the wet patch did not show very much, and they hid my wet jeans until I left the farm. My jeans were still wet, but the patch was not too big, and was drying out, so probably did not notice unless you knew what had happened.

The guides glared at me when we returned, and shouted in Polish at my saviour. She gave back as good as she was getting, gesticulating at me and pressing both hands across her stomach as if her bladder was hurting, and eventually it all calmed down. The chief guide stayed close to me for the rest of the tour, and twice told me I must stay with the group. No problem, as I no longer had any reason to leave them.

Typically, nobody in the group made any comment about my behaviour during the rest of the visit, and I made no attempt to offer an explanation or justify what I had done. I have noticed that most people are quite embarrassed at seeing an adult desperate for a wee, and often try to ignore what is happening.

