Subject: Betsy and the Bear

From: Anon

This story contains scenes of a graphic nature, involving consensual heterosexual intercourse and watersports. If these things might bother you, or if you are under the age of consent in your area, stop reading now.

"Betsy and the Bear"

by Accidental Tourist

Jim and Betsy were college freshmen in Missoula, Montana; they met each other in Chemistry class, where they had been assigned each other as lab partners. Betsy was tall, dark and slender, a very pretty girl, but she seemed quite shy and reserved. As the weeks went by, Jim found himself thinking about her more and more, but she didn't seem to be warming up to him, not that she was unfriendly either.

What finally broke the ice was a small mishap in lab. That day Betsy had worn a blouse with loose flowing sleeves. As she and Jim worked side by side, she turned to reach for something on the bench behind her. Her sleeve brushed against a graduated cylinder filled with concentrated nitric acid, knocking it over and splashing most of the acid onto Jim's pants leg. Betsy was horrified at what she'd done.

After Jim realized what had happened, he hurried to the lab's emergency shower and pulled the cord, managing to keep most of himself other than the pants leg dry. Betsy stood next to him, feeling helpless, and apologizing over and over. She offered to walk Jim over to the student health services to have his badly blistered knee looked at, for that's where the acid had done most of its damage. Jim could easily have taken himself -- the mishap wasn't life-threatening -- but he had no inclination to turn Betsy down. And so that's when they had begun to talk, and realized their many common interests, including their interest in seeing more of each other.

They went out to movies a couple of times, and then a dinner; after dinner and a couple of glasses of wine they found themselves holding each other tight as Jim walked her back to her dorm room, and kissing in darkened shop doorways. Two more dates and Betsy told Jim that she wanted to sleep with him. The next weekend Betsy's roommate went home for the weekend, and Jim and Betsy made love for the first time on her narrow dorm room bed. Jim was happier than he'd ever been in his life. The winter semester was ending and he suggested they go backpacking for a few days in Glacier National Park.

On this particular morning, early in June, Betsy woke up at the crack of dawn. She was lying in her sleeping bag next to Jim, dressed in a set of long johns. She needed to pee but she was just too warm and cozy in the tent, especially after looking out the tent door and seeing the frost on the meadow. She could wait a while, till it got lighter and warmed up a bit. She lay back down, but her movement in the tent had awakened Jim, who popped his head out of his bag, and kissed her.

"Good morning, beautiful," he said, kissing her again. She felt her lips melt into his; he felt his morning erection begin to grow. He murmured as they softly broke off a long kiss, "You know, there's room in my sleeping bag for two."

She smiled at him conspiratorially, and wriggled out of her bag and into his. There was room in his bag for two, but just barely. Lying on her right side, her body pressed against him. Her nipples were erect, due partly to the chill air, and could clearly be seen poking up through the thermal material of her long john top. As they rubbed against his chest through the long underwear top, Betsy's kisses became more insistent. "How are we going to get out of our clothes in here?" she whispered.

"Mmmm, good question," replied Jim distractedly.

"Jim, I need to pee first," Betsy said, pushing him away. But just then they heard a snuffle and a loud grunt, right outside the tent! They both froze. Whatever it was, and they both knew it was possibly a bear, was lumbering around very close indeed.

They waited what seemed an eternity, and finally the thing could be heard moving off. Quietly Jim maneuvered himself into a postion where he could peek under the tent door, but he couldn't see anything more than the tips of grasses in the meadow. Just then a huge brown shape moved into his field of vision. He quickly dropped the tent door and looked at Betsy, eyes wide.

"Is it a bear?" she asked under her breath.

"Uh-huh," Jim whispered even more softly, if that was possible.

"Is it a *black* bear?"

"Nope," Jim whispered. "It's a grizzly."

"Oh, shit!" Betsy gasped. The slight sound seemed to affect the bear, who suddenly roared and began to move closer. Betsy and Jim froze again, their arms around each other; they both knew that black bears were likely to raid the camp for food, leaving the tent occupants alone, but that grizzlies were far more unpredictable and dangerous. The previous year a young couple had been badly mauled and their tent ripped to shreds by a grizzly, not far from where Jim and Betsy were now camped.

In her long johns, pinned against Jim, growing warmer and scarcely less petrified, Betsy became more and more conscious of the pressure in her bladder. She cursed herself for not having gone out earlier, but then she reasoned that she may well have run into the bear outside the false but psychologically critical safety of the tent. Moving her head slightly, she could see from her wristwatch that it was 5:50 in the morning. There was nothing she could do but wait for the bear to go away. . . .

6:45 am: The bear hadn't moved; it was no longer snuffling around the camp, but Jim and Betsy could still hear it breathing, incredibly close. They could even smell the faint mustiness of its coat.

Betsy's bladder was approaching a crisis point now. Over the past ten minutes she had felt hot flashes, and spasms and rushes of pressure, and had felt several times as urine entered her urethra and threatened to trickle out into her long john bottoms.

She was running her tongue rapidly back and forth against her teeth as she concentrated on controlling her bladder, and tried to think about other things. She and Jim hadn't spoken for a long time, both frozen in fear.

Suddenly the bear gave a snuffle and another grunt. They heard it moving around. The sound took Betsy's mind off her pressing need to pee, but suddenly it returned, stronger than ever, and she felt a few drops (at least she hoped it was only a few) leak out into her pants. "Oh," she gasped audibly.

But to her relief, the sudden sound provoked no more reaction from the bear, whose shuffling sounds seemed to be getting farther away. Jim dared to whisper, "I think it's leaving."

"Oh God, I hope so," Betsy replied. "I have to pee sooo bad."

"Well, I wouldn't go out there just yet," Jim hastened to reply.

"You just need to hold it a little longer."

"I don't know if I can!" Betsy whimpered. She was having trouble keeping her voice down, and she felt another leakage, this time a little bigger than the first. She tightened her groin muscles as best she could. To try to make the time go by faster, she began counting silently.

She guessed that another three or four minutes had gone by. They had heard no sound from the bear in that time. Betsy felt another spasm, and a rapid building of pressure in her crotch, and she knew she had very little time to avoid an accident. She gasped to Jim, "Oh Jesus, I've gotta go NOW," and fumbled for the zipper of the sleeping bag.

But it was too late. The pressure was unrelenting and grew and grew, her groin felt hotter and hotter, and she felt a steady trickle begin, and become a stream and then a torrent. "OH GOD!" she cried out, as the piss flooded out of her crotch, instantly soaking the right leg of her long john bottoms. A noticeable hissing sound could be heard even through the fabric of the sleeping bag, as the urine began to pool around her hip, rapidly forming a puddle. She looked over Jim's shoulder and saw the yellow puddle forming outside the sleeping bag on the floor of the tent. And still she was pissing uncontrollably. She continued to pee for what seemed like a couple of minutes, and even before she had finished she burst into tears.

It took Jim a few seconds before he realized what had happened.

He had felt Betsy tense in his arms, and heard her cry out, but it wasn't until a few seconds had passed that he suddenly noticed a spreading warmth on his left side. The warmth felt good, and Betsy was moaning and whimpering a little -- for a moment he imagined that she was having an orgasm and he felt his erection begin to return. Then suddenly she began to sob, and the warmth on his side began to feel like wetness too, and it struck him that Betsy had peed in her long johns, soaking the sleeping bag, and that she in fact was still peeing! He moved his hand under the covers to confirm his suspicion. The crotch of her long john bottoms were drenched, and his long johns were also now soaking.

He accidentally touched her crotch, and she stiffened.

"Don't," she whimpered, and then began to cry harder. "Oh my god, I wet my pants! Oh, I peed in my pants, and all over your sleeping bag! Oh I'm so sorry! I'm so embarrassed!"

"Aw, sweetie, it's OK, it's OK," Jim crooned. "It's not the end of the world." He hugged her tightly and was surprised to feel his erection begin to grow, nurtured in the warm damp environment that was their piss-drenched clothing and sleeping bag.

And Betsy, for her part, was surprised to find that the moment after she told him not to touch her genitals through the pee- soaked fabric of her long john bottoms, she wished that she hadn't said anything. She returned his hug, squeezing him tightly, and felt his leg move against her clitoris, and felt his growing erection against her leg. She buried her face in his neck and moaned again, but this time her moan wasn't one of humiliation and embarassment, but rather one of growing excitement. Now Jim's hand found its way to her breast, and he was fingering her nipple through the still dry fabric of her top, and now he was pulling the top up, exposing her bare breast to the palm of his hand.

"Oh," gasped Betsy again, and although this was exactly what she had said a few minutes earlier, its meaning this time was entirely different. She felt Jim's hands now yank her sopping long john bottoms down; she kicked and tugged at them to try to help him remove them; she stretched a little too hard and they heard the zipper of his sleeping bag separate, but they didn't care, and now her long john bottoms were around only one leg and she freed his cock, and as she pulled it through the fly of his drenched bottoms it sprang up erect and hard, and she wrapped her legs around him as he drove his penis deep inside her and stroked perhaps only three or four times before they both cried out in unison as his semen pumped into her and her vagina rippled in orgasm and milked every last bit of semen out of him and they collapsed, spent. 

