Vickie left her family's residence and her boyfriend in Philadelphia around 11:00 PM on Sunday. She was in route to Virginia Beach and she traveled down the eastern shore to get there. Traveling that late at night does not afford one a sufficient number of rest stops, and it was a very long drive. Vickie (a city girl) was still reluctant to bare her bottom to relieve herself even if she was to be covered by dense woodlands. As a matter of fact the denser the woods the more reluctant she was.
So, she was determined to make the entire six–hour trip without a bathroom break. She had never driven this far before so she wasn't quite sure what she was getting into. However, when she set out she was feeling good and quite confident. She was wearing a charcoal flared wool skirt and white blouse with a cardigan sweater. Her outfit was designed specifically for comfort during a long drive in what could turn out to be slightly chilly weather.
The first couple of hours went well and as she found herself deep into the state of Delaware she began to notice the lack of lights and a beginning urge to pee. She was to find out that in the wee hours of the morning Delaware and Maryland hadn't much to offer by way of rest stops. Neither did Virginia, but Virginia offered some hope in the fact that the south island tunnel ramp of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel had an all night restaurant– another couple of hours but a definite place to look forward to.
For a while, Vickie was so proud of herself for taking on this long drive and at how well she was doing. Her navigation was flawless and she never missed a turn. And, she handled herself well in the megalopolis traffic of Philly and Wilmington. But by the time she reached Salisbury, Maryland she was squirming and fidgeting in her confining seat behind the wheel. She was, at least, grateful for the lack of traffic signals, as she had gone through this before in heavy city traffic. She knew that if she could just remain in motion she could make it.
She was also thinking what a great job of dressing she had done– nothing too tight, nor restricting. Worse comes to worse she thought, I could always just get out and stand beside the car and let go without getting my skirt wet. But, that will be a last ditch choice. As she approached the north end of the bridge tunnel she knew she had a choice to make and she was very desperate. It was breaking day and that was the only light. Only the sun was lighting that morning of desperation, not anything that could be conceived as a comfort stop. She decided to proceed to the south island.
Vickie was now surrounded by water and with no possible place to stop was seriously struggling with a full bladder. When she exited the north tunnel she was rocking the upper part of her body back and forth. She had learned to drive last year and she was taught to always keep both hands on the wheel but she could no longer do that. She alternated between rubbing her thighs with her left hand and actually grabbing herself between the legs. When she exited the south tunnel she was holding herself constantly. She made the right turn into the restaurant parking lot and parked. She rubbed herself and the pressure abated somewhat. She decided to try to walk inside. She swiveled on her buttocks throwing her feet out onto the pavement and stood up. She realized she was leaking and was going to lose control. She bent over and crossed her legs in an extremely desperate measure to maintain bladder control.
Alas, it was too little too late. Vickie did indeed stand by her car and pee but not in the way she had planned. When she crossed her legs her skirt was caught between her legs and she soaked it. When the pressure subsided enough she regained control and started to regain her composure. She uncrossed her legs and noticed that her skirt felt extra heavy. Dreading it she looked down and saw a very large dark wet stain in the front of her skirt.
"Oh dear God no. Please, this didn't happen. It just couldn't. I can't believe I've wet myself." Vickie was on the verge of tears.
As she stood there in the dawn's light she took stock of her situation. 'I can't cry,' she thought. 'If I cry it will be an admission that I wet myself. No one knows how my skirt got wet and if I don't do something stupid, nobody will know. Crying is definitely out.' Other than an initial tear or two Vickie did get control of her tear ducts. Then she drew herself up and with head held high she walked into the restaurant and glanced around to find the restrooms. When she had finished her long sought pee she walked out of the restroom over to the serving line to get a Danish pastry and cup of coffee. Vickie never showed any embarrassment even though she saw several people looking at her strangely. She walked over to the newsstand and bought a paper inviting other curious glances. In her heavy skirt Vickie finally found a table and sat down with her Danish, coffee, and paper.
When she sat down she felt wetness on her bottom. Uh oh, my wet panties are making the seat of my skirt wet. Oh well, if anyone looks at my backside when I walk out they will definitely know I wet myself. What is done is done. I don't know anyone in here so I am not going to try to hide what I have done. She read and ate for the better part of the next hour. Then she noticed that many of the people who were in the restaurant when she entered had gone. She thought with irony that she was about to show an entirely new group of people that she had wet herself. Smiling inwardly she got up to leave. She couldn't help running her hand down her backside where she felt a somewhat smaller wet spot than in the front and then she held the paper over her backside and walked out.
Seated in her car she now thought about how she was going to keep what she had done from her two roommates when she got to her apartment in Virginia Beach. She knew she would think of something and she then began to think of how much fun she was having. She put her hand into her crotch pushing her wet garments to her crotch. As she rubbed slightly she thought, "I think I've been missing out on something."
Luvnoir