Title: Cultural Exchange

By: Sally

I have been a fan of your site for a long time, but this scenario gets me "where I live," as something very much like this happened to me one summer while I was in college. I was on an exchange trip, where we studied in the UK for a few weeks. Although we did learn stuff, it was also a great excuse to see the sights. Like a vacation, we were also away from home, and a bit wilder and more adventurous than usual. I was at least. I met a number of English "blokes," flirted way more than usual, and got pretty hot and heavy with several. (Is it all right if I use my old English slang here? It's not the way I'd usually say things, but it does bring back many pleasant memories.)

One night a few of us were out on the town. I would have called it a pub, and not a nightclub, but there was dancing and mostly a young crowd, so I guess it counts. I had my eye on a boy named Andy, who was a little on the wild side, at least it seemed so at the time. He was a bit rough around the edges, wore leathers even though it was summer, and was trying to grow a scruffy little beard.

I had not yet gotten used to bitter and was drinking lager shandy. Yes, I know it's disgusting, but we were all young and stupid once. And it was summer, and hot, and the shandy was a little like lemonade. I had finished four glasses (not pints!) and was feeling pleasantly full in the bladder department. I should mention here that I had never before had sex with a boy while seriously having to pee, but ever since Junior High School I had connected wetting and sex, and had often masturbated while holding my wee. Even though I did not engage in much wetting during my college days, I still liked the feeling of holding my pee. Also, since I usually had a roommate, I seldom masturbated in my room, but would wait for a quiet time and wank while on the toilet, often bursting as I fingered myself to climax and pissed.

I was considering whether or not to head to the loo when Andy brought me another shandy. I rather fancied him, so I stayed at our table and drank it while we flirted. When I finished, I was really starting to feel the strain, and got up from the table. Instead of going right off to the loo, though, Andy asked me to dance. Being quite intimate with my bladder capabilities, I knew I could last a bit longer without real danger.

One thing I'll say about Andy, this wasn't his first time on the dance floor, and he seemed to be enjoying himself and my company. Even though I had dressed for the heat, in a simple white cotton frock and sandals, I know I looked good. We had a fast dance or two, although I didn't pull out all the stops because of my approaching need for the toilet, and then a nice slow song came on. Andy pulled me close, and I remember how good it felt to be held, to smell him all sweaty, and move slowly, easing the strain on my bladder. As the song ended, we kissed, and it felt good, even with his cheeks all scratchy.

Andy wanted to keep it up, and so did I, but it was really time for me to have a pee. I hadn't been in this pub before, so I asked Andy "Where's the loo?"

"I'll show you," he said, and led me towards the back of the pub, down a dim passageway. Near the pub's back door he pulled me into a little cubbyhole, an open storage area where there was a stack of empty bottles, and just enough room for the two of us. Andy pushed me up against the wall and started kissing me, his hands all over my body. I was interested and responded in kind, reaching around his waist to pull him close, our tongues tasting each other feverishly. He felt my breasts through my dress, and I rubbed his stiff cock through his leather pants. Andy's right hand moved down to my thigh, lifting my dress and reaching for my pussy.

"Ohhh," I moaned, as he reached past my panty and began to rub his finger up and down my slit. I was so horny, I was instantly slippery down there. I was bursting, but didn't want to stop. Andy's fingers were driving me wild, but I scissored my legs together, trapping his hand. "Andy, I really need to have a wee!" I protested.

"In a minute, love," he insisted, prying open my legs, and continuing to massage my fanny. His tongue in my mouth and the delicious feeling in my pussy soon silenced any objections. His hand knew its way around a woman's anatomy, and his thumb turned circles on my clit as his fingers stroked my cunt lips, one of them slowly working its way inside me. I was squeezing and stroking him still, and the pressure in my bladder made everything all that more intense. I moaned as I felt our passion building and the climax approaching.

Just as I felt Andy's wang start spurting off into his leathers under my fingers, I too went off, in one of those all-time, shattering climaxes, fireworks and shooting stars and one of those fireboats with all its hoses going full stream. Yes, hoses, for as I came, my bladder completely let go. As I was cumming, I was aware of emptying myself all over Andy's hand. I could feel my hot pee drench my knickers, pouring out, running back to where I was braced against the wall, soaking the back of my dress and flooding down to the floor, as I shuddered in wave after wave of bliss.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," I blubbered to Andy, even I was still shaking with the aftershocks of my orgasm. My wee was still dribbling out, and dripping from the hem of my dress. "I couldn't help myself." (Kinda what I thought about the whole fling with Andy, when all was said and done.)

"Cor, love, the place is soaking!" he said as he stepped out of the puddle, but then said it was OK and not to worry. I didn't want to go back to face my friends, and didn't know how I was going to get back to our digs in my wet dress, but Andy went and had a chat with one of his mates. He returned with the keys to his friend's Mini, and drove me to his flat, where we spent the night.

In the morning, both hungover, he turned out to be a bit of a cad. He wouldn't drive me back to the University, saying he had better things to do than chauffeur American tramps. At least my dress had dried, and I found my own way back, feeling pretty-well spent and used. This was the only time I've ever had what I'd consider wet sex with another person. I have prettied-it up a bit, Andy was really more pushy and coercive than I've described. If I were to met him now I wouldn't bother with that kind of crap. But the sex part was pretty amazing, even if he left a few things to be desired.

