My Desperation Story
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by limensia on January 16th, 2010 at 3:25AM

It was around 2:05 on Saturday that I decided to have a little desperation fun. I already had a little in my system from a glass of water I had drank earlier. But of course, I was going to up the ante.

First, I drank 3 full cups of water. Then sat down and began waiting around 2:15. Thirty minutes later I could feel my bladder begin to get a little fuller. I drank another glass of water. About 15 minutes after it felt like all of a sudden everything flowed in all at once, I was beginning have to go. Just for fun, I pushed on my bladder. The feeling made me get excited. I decided to drink another glass of water. 3:00, the urges were coming in waves. One moment I'd feel fine, like everything was a-okay. The next I'd feel like I needed to run for the nearest toilet.

I crossed and uncrossed my legs and fidgeted around in my seat. As I waited, I tried to think of other things. This worked for a while but eventually I ran out of ideas. I tried to lay on my bed and listen to music, but lying down made everything much worse. I went and sat back in my chair. Fifteen minutes later, and it's getting pretty bad now. I have to cross my legs at all times. The music is no longer preventing me from thinking about it. Only five minutes later it's becoming worse and worse. I can't even rock back and forth anymore. I cut off my music. 

As I try to get up an INTENSE wave hit me. I doubled over and stopped, waiting for the urge to subside. Then slowly, I walked towards the bathroom. I walked carefully, keeping my legs tight together in a short shuffle. Every step my bladder sent me signals of distress. It took me what felt like forever to get there. I tried to get my leg over the side of the tub, to step in. It was hard, but I made it. I stand in the shower and dance around. I try walking in place. Bad idea. Instead, I cross my legs hard. My bladder was pretty full now, but just to make sure, I drank one last gulp of water. Five minutes more. I bent over, cup myself and began to massage. It felt a little better. When the massaging began to lose it's effectiveness, I realized I couldn't stand. I whined and whimpered as the pressure mounted. 

I feel my bladder, and it's as hard as a rock. Ten more minutes and it's too much. I feel a tiny drop escape, not even enough to drip, but enough to tell me my bladder was at it's limit. A rush came, but somehow, a pulled myself together and hold it in for longer. I fought with myself, switching between saying, "I can't, I can't, I can't! Ohhh god! I can't hold it in any longer!" to "Come on, just a few more minutes." Finally, at 3:40, I couldn't hold it any longer. First, a few drips. I try to hold it like before, but this time it's not doing anything. A few more drips, then a stream. All of a sudden the floodgates opened and I'm hit with a wave of pure bliss. I moaned as I felt the hot liquid running down my legs, and my stretched bladder emptying like it had so longed for. Just when I thought I was done, more came. When I was finished, I stood there, taking in the feeling. Afterwards, I rinsed off and stepped out of the shower, feeling extremely satisfied.

--

Even worse, the first song that came up on my ipod was named "Holding On". No joke.

