Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Golden Showers, and Sex.
Disclaimer: This story is based on actual occurrences but names have been changed.
I work for a large manufacturing company in the UK, and management had decided that we were to have a three–day team training exercise. We were to spend the three team training days at a large hotel in the country, all expenses paid, and most of us were quite excited at the idea. After all, the company was paying and it was a break from the normal daily routine.
Well, the day came and we all boarded the luxurious coaches that had been laid on and after a journey of about an hour and a half, we arrived at the hotel. We were told that we had an hour to settle into our rooms and then we were to assemble in the conference room for the initial briefing and first part of the team training program.
At the appointed time everybody went down to the conference room. The training instructor introduced himself and briefly outlined the program. We were to be split into teams and there were a number of exercises to be completed by each team.
The object of each exercise was for each team to work together to achieve the required result, but our teams would be made at random, so we would not necessarily be working with colleagues from the department where we worked. First we were divided into our teams and then, as an ice breaker, each team had to gather together and each member introduce themselves to the rest of the team, telling them their name, where they were born/brought up, which department of the company they worked in, and also they had to tell the team something about themselves that the others were unlikely to know.
The team I was in comprised three ladies and three guys. First to go was a middle aged guy who introduced himself as Joe. He was brought up in Middlesborough and worked in the receipt and despatch department. He said that he had once met the Prince of Wales when he visited a charity that Joe was involved with. Next to go was a lady in her early thirties whose name was Brenda. She was originally from Dundee, and worked in the admin office. She claimed to have just started taking lessons with a local flying club. George was a twenty five year old from Birmingham who was a foreman from the production department. He claimed to have once met David Beckham at a charity dinner. Next to introduce herself was Katie, a rather plump lady in her forties from the catering department. She claimed to be an amateur dramatics artiste.
I introduced myself next, and lastly was the very pretty young blonde lady who introduced herself by saying, "Hi. I'm Jan, I'm 23, I was born in Rugby, I work in the accounts department, and I like to hold onto my pee as long as possible." As you might imagine, there were a few strange looks exchanged at this unusual revelation. Of course, I was extremely interested but I tried not to show it at this stage.
Well, before the team training exercises proper began we broke for lunch, and naturally I made a point of sitting with the pretty blonde. "That was pretty daring of you Jan, revealing something like that," I remarked, "Is that something you do privately or do you sometimes hold it in public, too?" "Yes, I suppose it was a bit," she replied, "I mostly do my holding thing at home in private, but I do sometimes do it in public." "Have you ever held it for too long and had an accident?" I asked her. "In public, that is. I don't suppose it matters too much in private. "Yes, I have," Jan replied. "I try to judge it so that I get home before I am at absolute bursting point, but I have misjudged and wet myself on a few occasions."
I could hardly believe my good fortune. My cock was as stiff as a poker and bursting at the zip of my trousers by now, and I asked her, "Tell me, what made you reveal your secret this morning?"
"Well, I thought I'd see whether anyone would be interested and daring enough to come and speak to me about it, and I wasn't disappointed." she replied. "Now tell me, Gopher, you are obviously into this as well. How often do you hold it and have you ever tried it in public?"
"Erm, well, er, I often hold my pee in until I am really bursting at home and then rush to the bathroom, and sometimes I've not made it in time. I've held it in public a few times but I've never had an accident outside." I told her. "I've only done this on my own, though. I've never been with anyone else who does this."
"Really?" said Jan with a gleam in her eye. "Would you like to join me in holding it then?" "Love to," I replied. Now my cock was really straining in my trousers. "OK then, big boy," she said, eyeing my bulging crotch. "We'll both see if we can hold it for this afternoon and then we'll carry on through dinner and afterwards." I agreed, of course.
The afternoon team training games went on, and of course Jan and I kept an eye on each other to make sure neither of us cheated and paid a visit to the loo. By the time the afternoon training was over both of our bladders were beginning to feel a little full. As we headed to our hotel rooms, Jan came up to me and said she thought we ought to supervise each other getting showered and changed, just to make sure we didn't cheat and take a quick pee. I agreed so we headed first for Jan's room, where she collected her change of clothes, and then continued on to mine.
"Look here," I said as we entered my room, "The only way I can be sure you don't take a pee in the shower will be for me to come in with you and to wash you." "Same goes for you then," Jan replied with a cheeky grin on her face.
We agreed, stripped off and headed into the shower. Naturally my member was stiff as a poker and sticking up like a coat hook, and as I looked at Jan, I could see that her 36C breasts had really erect nipples. We got in the shower, set the water temperature to a comfortable level and began washing each other. Naturally I paid more attention to Jan's breasts and to her pussy than was really necessary, and she reciprocated by paying more attention to my crotch area. After we rinsed off we dried each other, again paying special attention to those vital areas of our bodies. W also noticed that each other's bladder was firm and full. We dressed, and went down for dinner.
We entered the dining room and selected our table. As we sat down Brenda, also from our team group, came up and asked if she could join us. We agreed and she sat down with us. When the waiter came we ordered some wine and our meals, and then began chatting.
"Well, that was quite a revelation you made this morning, Jan," Brenda said. "I wouldn't have dared told everyone that. Are you always that bold?" "Oh gosh no," replied Jan. "I just thought there might be someone else here who liked hanging on till the last minute and it might be fun to find out. Am I right in saying that you like hanging on to it as well, Brenda?" "Well, yes I do," she replied. "I haven't peed all afternoon and I am getting quite full." "Neither have we," both Jan and I replied together. "Look, why don't we carry on with this through and after dinner then?" I suggested. "A three–way hold it game."
The two ladies nodded their agreements, and then the waiter arrived with our first course. As we went through dinner, each of us began to feel the rising pressures in our bladders. Jan tapped her feet and opened and closed her legs occasionally, and once or twice Brenda put her hand between her legs. I had a rampant hard on which I grasped and moved inside my trousers from time to time. By the time we had finished dinner we all had really full bladders.
"OK. We all appear to be getting pretty full now," Jan observed. "Are you two game for going into the bar for a bit and then finishing up in my room?"
Brenda was in agreement but said she wasn't sure how long she could hang on, and I said I felt pretty much the same, so it was to the bar that we headed. We found a table in a quiet corner where the lighting was quite dull. I went to the bar, got a round of drinks, and brought them back to our table where we sat chatting. It was not very long before we began squirming. Brenda had a hand firmly pushed into the crotch of her charcoal grey trousers and was tapping her feet almost continuously. Jan was sitting on her heels affording me a view almost all the way up her short dark blue skirt to her pale blue panties, and I was sporting a very conspicuous bulge in my crotch.
Brenda said "I don't think I'm gonna last too much longer I'm afraid. The pressure on my poor little pee–hole is getting unbearable." Jan replied, "I know what you mean Bren. I'm nearly squirting it out myself, but I know I can hang on a while longer yet. Come on, you can hold on. We'll help each other. How are you doing Gopher? " "Hanging on but it's damned uncomfortable. I've a rampart hard on which helps, but my pee is urging me to let it out damned soon," I replied. "I'm game to hang on for a bit though. Shall we retire to your room when we finish these drinks, Jan?" Jan and Brenda agreed, so we sat and continued with our drinks, though it was agony for each of us as each sip seemed to add to the almost unbearable pressures that were building up. By the time we had finished drinking, we were all three of us in a severe state of desperation, with both ladies squirming, breathing, and talking in short pants, and me hanging onto my cock with a vice like grip. 
"Come.....on.....th.... th...then, ooooh," panted Jan. "L....L.....let's see.....see..... see... if....if...we....we... can get t..tt..ttooo.... mm...mmmy...... roommmmm.....then." We nodded our agreement and tried to get up. Jan sat down again fast and had to spend several seconds pressing her pee–hole and rubbing her pussy before trying again. Brenda had similar troubles, and my waterworks seemed to object strongly to every attempt at moving, but eventually we made it from the bar. We were all in a right state of distress by the time we got to Jan's room, and of course, as invariably happens she had problems with the key. 
"OOoooh, nooooo," Jan moaned, "I've just squirted." Just then the key turned in the lock and we all darted inside and shut the door behind us.
"Thhh.....thank.....fff..ffff....ffffuck....ffffor......tttthat," panted Brenda as she furiously rubbed her pussy. "I .....tttthhhought I www...www..... wwwas ......gonna......pppp....pppp...pppisssssssss.....oooohhh...... piss myselfffffffff.... In the ccc....cccc....cccorridor there." "Mmmmeee ttoooooo," squirmed Jan. "Oooowwwwwww, ........ ooooohhhh, ffffff....ffffffuck and .... bbbbollocks," I complained, "I ccccan't ......hhhhhold on...... any......llllongerrrrr," and a dark stain began to appear at the end of the bulge in my pants which grew and spread down my legs as I staggered into the bathroom, where I just made it before my piss reached the floor. Brenda and Jan followed me in. 
Jan was next and I watched as the dark patch on her pale blue panties grew and a stream of yellow pee began leaking through the fabric. Most of the stream went straight down onto the floor to form a puddle that merged with mine but some of it trickled in rivulets down her legs too.
Of course, this was too much for Brenda who also opened the floodgates in her charcoal grey trousers making them darker and shiny as her stream of pee descended down both legs to add to the puddle on the bathroom floor. We all then stepped into the shower, stripped each other off and enjoyed a great warm shower together.
Jan suddenly reached out and turned off the shower, lifted her right leg saying, "Here comes the next stream," and unashamedly began pissing again. She twisted her body and pulled at her flesh to direct the stream so that she squirted some of it over Brenda and me. Not to be outdone I released my second build up, squirting it over Jan and Brenda. Unfortunately I lost my footing and slipped onto the floor, taking Jan down with me. Brenda seized the opportunity, stood astride us both and pissed her second stream all over both of us as we lay there laughing, looking up at the golden stream that was gushing forth from her dark haired pussy.
Eventually we all cleaned up the bathroom floor, showered, and retired to the bed for a good night of threesome sex. This team training exercise was most definitely a welcome break from the usual work routine. I'm not sure what the effect of the whole three–day exercise was on the workforce from the company's point of view, but from the point of view of three members it had brought together a very different sort of team. We can hardly wait for the next company team training exercise. 
By: Gopher