Title: Lucy Lets Go

By: Lucy

It was the start of the summer holidays. We'd just left school and were intent on having a really good time before starting university in the autumn. It was a baking hot summer, and we were lucky enough not to have to work through it, as our parents had all decided to let us enjoy the break and support us for the holidays. There were three of us, and we had been firm friends for years. Now we were starting a whole new chapter of our lives. Three friends could hardly have looked so different. All nearly nineteen, we were all attractive but in different ways. Sophie was very petite with short blonde hair,and the most reserved of the three of us. Karen was the curvy joker, with curly red hair. And me, well I looked good that year, very fit from playing tennis, and my long dark hair looked great with my deep tan.

What the three of us all had in common was our power over the local boys, and knowing how to use it. We'd all had sexual experiences, but didn't want to get involved with so much else happening our lives. That didn't stop us from teasing the boys though and filling our own sexual appetites when we needed to. That day we were all feeling high - not from drugs, but a little alcohol and a lot of excitement. It was early evening on a balmy July day, and the three of us had decided to go to a local funfair. We had been playing a game over the last few weeks, daring one another to do really extreme things to see who would go the furthest. The first had been Sophie. The local lads gathered in front of the convenience store where there was a postbox.

We dared Sophie to walk over to the postbox with a letter in her hand, then partway across drop it and exclaim, so that she caught the boys' attention. Then she would bend over to pick it up, wearing a tiny, flirty summer dress which would blow up in the breeze, revealing her small round ass, clad only in the tiniest lacy g-string. Karen and I had stood on the corner waiting for her, trying to control our laughter at the expressions on the boys' faces. They were so stunned they made no comment at all, except a low whistle from one of them.

Karen was the most vivacious and extovert of our group, very clever but often in trouble due to her mischievous streak. "Streak" was the right word in this case, as her dare was to run across the field clad only in bikini bottoms at the end of term staff versus students football match at our school. Being Karen she took a bow in the middle of the field - and got a standing ovation for her trouble! As I had thought up both of these dares, I knew the other two girls would be trying to think of something really extreme for me, and they knew I couldn't resist a challenge - but imaginative as I couldn't have dreamed of what they had thought up.

I couldn't believe what they were telling me:-

"I do WHAT!!" I cried

"You take a seat in the rollercoaster, next to a man, and you pretend to be really scared. Then when you get to the top you pee yourself all over the seat..." I was filled with a mixture of feelings. I was apprehensive, and a little angry that I would have to do something like that to please my friends. But deep down inside I felt a stirring of excitement at the thought of urinating in public. That day I was wearing a red crop top, and white shorts, with a white thong underneath. I was aware that the wetness was going to make my dark pubic hair visible to everyone. I felt strangely turned on by the idea. I decided that if I was going to do this I'd do it properly, so I drank several cans of cola in the next hour or so and avoided going to the bathroom. By the time we decided to ride the rollercoaster my shorts felt tight against my bursting bladder, and I knew that I would need to pee soon.

We'd been on the roller coaster often, so I was not at all scared by it, but I started chatting to a man in the queue, telling him that it was my first time and I was petrified. He was good looking, a few years older than me, mid-twenties maybe, and a few inches taller than me. I played the sensitive, scared teenager, and he agreed that I could sit next to him. I could see him taking covert glances at my body.

We climbed into the first carriage of the roller-coaster. Karen and Sophie sat behind us so they could make sure I carried out my dare. The wheels and track creaked as we started to move. There were several small humps in the track before we reached the apex of the ride. I acted really scared, shutting my eyes, and clinging on to the stranger's arm. I realised that in a few minutes I would need to relax my muscles and urinate all over the seat if I were to keep my promise to the girls. Although I realised it was going to cause some embarassmentand explanations, I found I felt very excited sexually by the shamefulness of it all.

Especially when I realised that since the seat was leatherette and wouldn't absorb my pee, I was going to soak the jeans of the good-looking guy beside me as well as my own shorts. We started to climb the last hill before the big drop, and my excitement started to build. I shifted on the seat and parted my legs slightly. I saw my companion glance at my tanned thighs. I grabbed his hand, pretending to be really frightened and making little moaning noises, but of excitement rather than fright. As we got to the top I relaxed my muscles and let the flood of pee out of me. I was so excited by the shamefulness of the moment that I came as I peed, and as we swept down the other side of the hump I had the best orgasm of my life.

When I looked at the man beside me I could see that the side of his jeans were soaked with my urine, but I also noticed an enormous bulge in his jeans, and saw him surreptitiously rubbing it. I was still holding his other hand and I put it between my legs. I was still peeing, having drunk so much and he rinsed his fingers in my golden stream.

Eventually the ride stopped. I stood up, and my shorts were totally transparent where the urine had soaked them. The cleft of my pussy, the crack of my ass, and my dark trimmed hair were clearly visible. Streams of pee were still running down my legs and through the straps of my delicate leather sandals. The floor of the carriage was puddled with my urine, and my companion's jeans were pee-soaked.

I'd fulfilled my challenge and more, and Sophie and Karen gave me a round of discreet applause and voted me the outright winner.

I talked to the man who I'd soaked and discovered that he was staying locally for a few weeks. He was aware that my peeing was deliberate and not accidental, but like me he found it a real turn on. That summer we both discovered watersports together, and I was to pee in public for him several more times, as well as having more intimate experiences in his holiday let. The relationship didn't last, but my love of watersports did, and I still get turned on when I think of the day I "let go".

