Title: A Right State at the Lying in State
  Entry to: Month 18
By: Grand-ma

I found your Water Resources web site by accident when 'house sitting for my daughter, and playing with her son's computer. I was amazed at what there was on the 'Internet' and what people are interested in these days. I never really knew that water-sports meant anything except wind-surfing and the like, and I have not even tried that. However, I am a real competition addict, and could not resist reading the rules of your competition. Nor could I resist entering, drawing on an incident from my youth, which is the nearest I could get to the requirements.

I hope that you will allow me some license to fill in the details which have become a bit vague over the years. Please don't write back to the address I sent this from, as it's my daughter's e-mail address, and she would not be amused to find out what I had been up to. Can you publish the story without giving my address' I would appreciate it if you did, and I will just sign myself 'Grand-ma'

----

I was in the 6th form of Guildford Grammar School when King George 5th died in 1937, and it was a great thrill for us, as the senior girls in our school, to be taken to the Lying in State. We left immediately after assembly, in a hired charabanc, as coaches were called then, and I think the journey took about 2 hours. We were wearing our school uniforms, green blazers and grey skirts, and dark green coats, as it was a bitterly cold, overcast day. We joined the long, slow moving queue to get into the hall where the King's body was, and it was obvious that we were in for a long wait.

This worried me, as I was already wanting to go to the toilet quite badly, though I didn't say anything. I didn't want to be the first in our group to admit to wanting to go, and in those days it was almost unthinkable for an older girl to ask a teacher if she could 'go.' I was assuming that the two teachers with us would somehow take us all to a Ladies sometime soon.

Half an hour in the queue, we hadn't made much progress towards the King, but I was now feeling the cold, and that was making me want to go rather badly, so I was having to keep my legs crossed most of the time to ease my need. I was hoping very much that we would soon be allowed to go, though I had no idea where; that was something our teachers would work out. We had two teachers with us; Mrs Bateman, about 40, and Miss Warner, a real old dragon in her sixties, who still terrified us most of the time.

About this time, Mrs Bateman had walked off down the queue, saying she would see if there was any special provision for school parties to go straight in. There wasn't, so we had to wait out turn like everyone else. We were about 30 girls all together, but I was with a group of 5 friends, including Joyce, my closest friend at the time. Just after we had moved forward a few steps, one of our group, Dolly, who was thought of as being rather brash and rude, twisted round in a circle with her legs crossed. 

"I'm dying to 'go somewhere,' if we don't get a move on, I'm going to be in danger of having an accident before I see the King," she whispered, because it was quite a rude thing to talk about. "So am I," replied Joyce, "I was hoping that there would be a Ladies where the charabanc stopped, like the normally is." I confessed that I was also dying to go, and expressed my faith that out teachers would have organised something for us, and that I was sure we would not have to wait much longer. Looking back, it was amazing how much faith we had in our teachers to do something like this. In fact there wasn't a Ladies anywhere along the queue, so we had no choice but to hold on, and after this initial confession of our needs, we didn't mention the subject again.

I have no idea how the other two were feeling, but I was wanting to go more and more badly, crossing my legs tightly all the time to try to give me some relief. We had been queuing for ages, nearly two hours, before we could see the entrance to the hall. By then, I wanted to 'spend a penny' so badly that I could hardly thing about anything else. I didn't care about seeing the King's body any more, all I wanted to do was 'go,' and I would have given anything to have been allowed to use a toilet somewhere. Joyce looked to be in a similar state, legs twisted together and hopping from foot to foot, while Dolly appeared less stressed, but had both hands pushed deep into her coat pockets, something we were normally forbidden to do. Then a rumour spread through our group that there was a Ladies inside the entrance to the hall, so that everyone could smarten themselves up before passing the King's body. 

At last we were going to be allowed to 'go,' all I had to do was hold on a bit longer, until I was inside the hall. I was really struggling by then, legs tightly crossed, but at least I had a target to aim for, and somehow I had to wait. We were almost at the door when there was some delay and the queue stopped moving forward for about five minutes, a terrible thing to happen when I thought I was so close to a Ladies.

Dolly suddenly twisted round in a circle, legs plaited, crouching forward, and her hands pushed so far into her pockets that I realised she actually had her hand up between her legs, she wanted to go so badly. 

There just had to be a Ladies inside the hall, we absolutely had to go. I couldn't wait much longer, and it looked as if Dolly was the same. Then we were allowed inside the hall, and I was pushing the girls in front, I wanted to get to the Ladies so quickly, and Dolly was the same, as she was right behind me and whispered to me "Quick, tell me if you see a Ladies anywhere, I'm going to wet myself if I don't get to one soon."

"Don't worry, I'm dying to go as well," I replied, fingering the pennies that I had ready in my pocket, so certain that we were nearly there. 

Oh the shock when I got in the hall and saw that there wasn't one. As soon as we were in the door we were being shepherded into a single file line to walk slowly round the King's body, which was lying on a raised stage in the centre of the hall. I had to keep walking at a steady pace, though the only thing I could think about was getting to a Ladies before I had an accident. My need had become so urgent that I was only just able to keep control of myself, and I just had to get to a Ladies very quickly. I was walking with little quick steps, my hands clenched by my sides, as this seemed to be helping me wait. I was telling myself that there had to be a Ladies at the exit, and if I could just manage to hold on a bit longer I would be OK.

Somehow I made it round the hall, hardly able to take any notice of the King, and then we were outside again, and Oh, thank goodness, I saw the beloved sign, pointing to 'Public Conveniences,' that I had been looking for, though I still could not seen the actual Ladies. Even better, Mrs. Bateman, was saying that we all should 'spend a penny' before the journey back, and led us off in the direction the sign was pointing. 

I felt that I could not wait another second, and if I had been on my own I would have run all the way, but being in a group, I had to follow behind Mrs. Bateman, who seemed to be walking very slowly. I turned to Joyce, who was dragging behind me, "If only we could walk quicker, I can't wait much longer, I want to go so badly." "This is fast enough for me," she wailed, "my stomach hurts so much I can hardly walk at all. Oh please wait for me." 

For the first time I noticed that she was walking with her knees pressed together and she kept turning sideways and shuffling along with her legs crossed. She had said that she was dying to go when we first arrived, and of course she must have wanted to go as badly as I did. Dolly was another who did not seem to be able to hurry, even though she obviously had her hand up between her legs under her coat. While Mrs Bateman was leading us, Miss Warner had dropped back to supervise the rear of the group, where I was, held back by Dolly and Joyce.

She immediately spotted Dolly and made her take her hands out of her pockets, and then told Joyce to walk properly. Dolly was almost in tears, trying to use me to screen her other hand in her pocket. "Doesn't she realise that I must keep my hand up, or I'm going to wet myself," she groaned, and luckily for her, Miss Warner did not seem to notice what she was doing. Joyce was trying to walk normally, but every so often she was stopping and crossing her legs, and I saw she had her face screwed up and her eyes almost shut. I had always been taught that it was 'dirty' to put my hand between my legs, so even though I was frantic to go, I could not bring myself to copy Dolly and put my hand up to hold it back.

I wanted a Ladies so badly that I was fighting to hold it, and the need was so intense that I thought I might 'do it' any second. I managed to hold out until we actually got to the Ladies, where there was another queue. Somehow, I had imagined that we would walk straight in, not thinking that everyone else must have been waiting as long. So near, and yet so far, and this was just too much for me. No matter how hard I tried, I could not hold it any longer, and to my intense shame, I started to 'do it' in my knickers.

Standing in the queue, legs plaited and hands clenched at my side, I was just able to hold it again, but every so often I would do a bit more. In those days, even 18 year old school girls wore big navy blue serge knickers, very warm, and also very absorbent, but mine could not cope with the accidents I was having. By the time I got into a cubicle, the bottom half was sopping wet and wee was trickling down my legs. The relief of finally getting to a Ladies was blanked out by the shame of what I had done, and the fear of anyone else knowing.

I didn't know what to do. I tried to squeeze some of the wet out of the gusset of my knickers, but there was nothing to help me dry my legs or stockings. Toilet paper in those days was hard shiny stuff that did not absorb anything. The idea of taking my knickers off and going bare simply did not enter my head. Nobody could go about without knickers on. There was no alternative but to pull up my wet knickers and hope that nobody would notice the wet streaks down the inside of my stockings. Worse, when I had to sit down, the wet from my knickers spread through onto my skirt and even my raincoat, and before we were half- way home I could feel the wetness on the seat of the charabanc.

I was scared stiff that when I got up, it would be obvious to everyone that I had wet myself, but the journey home took so long that it was dark by the time we got to the school, and we were sent straight home. I still did not want my mother to know what I had done, so when I was nearly home I pretended to trip up, and sat down in a puddle, soaking the back of my raincoat and skirt. Mother was angry at my clumsiness, but that was better than having to admit to her that I had wet myself.

A few days later, when I had got over the traumas and misery of the experience, my older sister got me alone and asked me what the trip had been like. I was vague and non-committal, saying we had to queue for a long time in the cold, and how peaceful the King had looked. (Actually I had been too busy with my personal problems to even notice him at the time.)

Liz persisted with her questioning; "How long did you have to queue for' How long was the journey up there'"

"We left school about half past eight, and we were in the queue by eleven," I replied. "I think we got in the hall soon after one, and it took about ten minutes to file round the body and get outside again. Then we started back about two fifteen, and got back to school at five. What's all this about' I came straight home from school then." Liz continued: "Was it true that you could not find a Ladies until after you had seen the King'"

"Yes," I replied, "I was dying to go by then, so was Joyce and most of the other girls, I think. There was a queue for them as well, that's why we were late starting home." Surely, I thought, she could not have found out I had wet myself, but I could not see any other reason for her questions.

"You were not the only ones who were 'dying,'" she continued, confidentially. "Yesterday I accidentally plugged into Mrs. Williams line while it was busy." (Liz was a secretary / telephonist at a local compnay.) "She was talking to Mrs Bateman, who was telling her about the trip, and how there wasn't a Ladies, and she wanted to go so badly. Once I had started to listen, I was scared to unplug in case they heard the click" That seemed a poor excuse for eavesdropping on a private conversation, but I didn't really blame Liz, because I wanted to hear more as well. 

"Go on, what did she say then," It had never occurred to me that the teachers had also wanted to go.

"What she said was, she wanted to go when you arrived at Westminster, and she had nearly got the driver to stop at the public conveniences in Wandsworth, only she was sure there would be one by the queue, and she didn't want to make a fuss with Miss Warner in charge. Then she had no choice but to wait until afterwards, by which time she was dying. The words she used were 'bursting' and 'desperate' so she must have been pretty bad. Did you notice anything about her'" "Only that she seemed to walk slowly, but maybe that was because I wanted to hurry. I was at the back of the group, she was leading it, so I could not see her very well."

I did not mention that I my own need was so great that I would hardly have noticed if she had turned green.

"She really was walking slowly," Liz went on, "she said, 'I was so desperate I could hardly walk to the Ladies when we found one. If the pavement hadn't been wet, you could have seen the trail of wee spots I was leaving. Then I nearly made a big puddle in the queue for the Ladies, another second and I would have broken down completely'"

"I don't believe you," I told Liz. I had never even thought of teachers as needing to 'go,' let alone wanting to go so badly that they did it in their knickers.

"I could hardly believe it myself," replied Liz, "but I swear it's true. I could hear what she was saying perfectly clearly. There's no reason why a teacher shouldn't want to go the same as the rest of us. I would have been dying the same as you were, and so would mummy, she normally wants to go sooner than I do." I suppose that knowing that our teacher had also 'done it' in her knickers should have made me feel less ashamed about my accident, but I was still very glad that nobody, until now, ever knew what I had done. Nor will I ever know if it was true that Mrs Bateman did actually wet herself that day, though it's not the sort of thing you make up and tell a friend. 

