A Walk through TownMy name is Debra and I’m in England. I am in my late 20s.
Yesterday I really needed cheering up, something to distract me for a while, so I drank as much tea and water as I possibly could. Then I put on a mid– length blue skirt with my red silky shorts, and underneath those, I wore a pair of brand new dark blue lace knickers as well. I walked into town, as there were several things that I needed to do – go to the post office, take a prescription in, etc… By the time I got into town I was bursting to pee, but I ignored it and carried on with walking about the town. I was in agony but enjoying it, though I had to keep stopping continually and I must admit that when no one was looking I had to hold myself. It was so bad that I thought my bladder would explode. Knowing that I was wearing those silky shorts excited me greatly. I was in a department store when I felt a warm trickle down my leg. Oohhh, it was exciting but I didn’t dare to flood the shop due to the security cameras in there. So with every ounce of strength I could muster, I crossed my legs and managed to stop the flow. My shorts and panties were a bit wet but nothing was showing and it felt wonderful wearing them. Very carefully I made my way out of the shop, and I do mean carefully, since I couldn’t walk properly; I had to concentrate on holding my pee inside as I was on the verge of totally wetting myself and I knew it. I made it to the door but just the effort of opening it caused a little more pee to escape and run down my leg; this time the urgency was greater than ever and to stop it I had to physically hold myself quite firmly. I did notice some strange looks in my direction, but I honestly didn’t care! (At the time you really don’t care, it’s only when things are all over that you might feel a little embarrassed.) A kind man held the door open for me, I thanked him and staggered outside, with my shorts feeling wonderfully wet. I didn’t want to flood such a public place, but I wasn’t confident that I had a lot of choice in the matter, really. I was wondering frantically what to do, then realized that I was fairly near the park. So, getting more and more desperate with each step, I headed for the park, as it should have been fairly empty as usual during school hours. Somehow and I still don’t know how, I made it to the park, and indeed, it was empty just as expected, so I allowed myself to relax a little. I also allowed myself a good hold, which feels wonderful with wet silky shorts. Oohhhhh, I was close to cumming as I stood in the empty park and rubbed myself. Then without warning, my bladder just gave way and the pee poured out of me like a river. I thought it would never stop, and words alone can’t tell you how damn good it felt, I was so turned on and relieved that I just stood there in my puddle and rubbed myself to orgasm in my wet shorts and pants. I have just gotten in at this minute and I hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed reading, writing, remembering and of course doing it.
Debra