The girl in the yellow pants

by C.U. Squirm

I was out shopping recently and saw this really hot girl wearing yellow pants. Since she had a nice ass and legs, I was instantly attracted to her. I wanted to get a closer look to see if she had visable panty lines, as I love panties. As I got a little closer I saw that she did in fact have visable panty lines. She had on bikini panties, probably string bikini's. But what really got my heart racing was the fact that she was crossing her legs real tight. This totally got my attention, so I focused in on this girl.

Every time she would stand still for more than a second, she would tightly cross her long, sexy legs. Then as a little more time went on, she started squeezing her legs together as she had her legs crossed. There was now no doubt; this girl had to pee...and bad! Now she was doing all the moves, along wiith the leg crossing came squeezing her thighs together real tight, hopping from foot to foot and a lot of rubbing of her stomach. 

Finally, she said to the sales girl, "Excuse me Miss, do you have a ladies room that I could use?"

But the sales lady said, "I'm sorry, but we don't have any public bathrooms here."

The girl in the yellow pants said, "How can you not have a public bathroom? What are your customers supposed to do?" 

The sales lady said, "I'm sorry. We have a lot of people complain about that."

The girl said,"It's really an emergancy! I have had to go for soooo long."

The sales girl said, "I'm really sorry, but we had a lawsuit come out of a customer falling in the bathroom and ever since that the owner said no customer's in the bathroom anymore. I could lose my job."

The girl in the yellow pants said,"Oh all right, but I have to check out right now and go find a bathroom."

The sales girl broughr all the purchases up to the register and began to ring the girl out. The girl couldn't stand still for a second now. She was squirming and dancing and crossing her legs. It was wonderful to behold. It looked like she was going to lose it any second. Finally she was done and headed out of the store. She had to go so bad that she didn't notice me follow her out. 

She walked into the first store she passed, a clothing store, and there was a line of people checking out. She walked real fast with tiny little steps to the line, danced and squirmed for a few seconds and hurried out the door. As she walked out the door, she looked left and right for somewhere to go and empty her overfilled bladder. She took a few steps to her right and then stopped and squeezed her long legs together real tight and as she did so she bent over double and grabbed her crotch. I couldn't see if she wet herself at this point, but this girl was in real troble now. She had very little time left, maybe time for one more attempt to find a bathroom.

She headed for another shoe store and as she reached for the door, she grabbed her crotch and bent double agaiin. Now she couldn't take her hand from her crotch. She ran to the clerk and asked for the ladies room. She said, "Please.....do you have a bathroom that I could use....PLEASE." 

The guy said no and she said, "Oh PLEASE, it's really an emergancy!!!" But the guy never had the chance to say another word. She gasped and grabbed her crotch and bent over, but this time it was too late! She totally flooded her yellow pants. She continued to fight the battle, but the war was lost. She totally flooded her pants all the way down to her shoes. Her yellow pants became totally see through. Her little panties were totally exposed as if she had no pants on at all! They were white with blue verticle stripes on them. Her ass was perfect and with her now totally visable panties, she was unbelievably sexy!! She began to cry and ran out of the store. I tried to follow. but would have had to run to catch her. She ran for the parking lot and I saw a few people turn and look at her as she ran by them. It was an experiance that I will never forget!

