Strange Thoughts and a Wet Walk Ch. 02
	Naughty Thoughts and a Wet Garden; couple's creative garden watering.
Author: IrishSpringandSummer

Chapter 02: Naughty Thoughts and a Wet Garden

Devin & his girlfriend find creative ways to water a garden.

When my mom texts and asks if I could water their yard while she and Dad are out of town, I almost spit out my coffee in a sudden laugh.

She has no idea the kind of watering my boyfriend and I have gotten up to lately.

But of course I text back: 'Sure, no problem. We'll keep an eye on the place!'

Then I saunter into the living room, where Devin's sitting on the sofa, in shorts and T-shirt, computer on his lap. He looks up. "What's that little smile about?" he asks.

I straddle his shins and tickle his bare knees. "I have some fun ideas for next week."

* * *

My folks live in the same town as me, still in the same house I grew up in, a big 1970s boxy place on a quiet cul-de-sac full of similar houses. They have a large backyard and a lovely front garden full of flowers and bushes, and now that it's June, and has been dry and warm with more of the same weather expected all week, the place will certainly need watering.

The first day they're on vacation, Devin and I drive over there wearing swimsuits, with towels and a change of clothes.

"I mean, in all those sprinklers, we might get wet," I teased as we changed this morning.

He squeezed my boob through my striped blue-and-white bikini top. "Mm-hmm, could sure happen." Then he drank another full, big glass of water, handed me the glass, and made sure I filled it up and drank again too. My, what, fourth or fifth by then?

"Feeling it yet?" he says quietly as we walk into the front garden.

I suck in a breath and nod, giving my swelling bladder a light push to feel the twinge. "I have to go pretty bad."

"Me too. Really bad." He shifts the red material of his swim trunks over his crotch - a move I know by now means he's pinching his cock to help hold back his piss.

I start breathing faster. Oh, how I want to hold his cock, feel him let go, warm and wet all over my hands, or other parts of me...

But waiting, and making each other wait, is fun too. Very fun.

"Well, you can't yet," I tell him, and march him toward the hose. "We have work to do."

He groans, but I see the arousal in his face. He's enjoying this just as much as I am.

When I twist the valve next to the hose that turns on the garden sprinklers in front, water begins dripping down from it onto the wood-chip path. It splashes our feet in our flip-flops, and we both take a hissing breath.

"Oooh," I moan. "That's not making it easier."

"Seriously." He sounds out of breath, and squeezes his thighs together. "I'm about to lose it."

"Same, but...no, no, we can hold it. Come see the garden." Wickedly, I smile and take his hand and lead him along the path. Sometimes we get right into the spray of the sprinklers; they hit our bare legs, but no higher. Our swimsuits stay dry, for now, even though we're both squirming at the teasing touch of water.

I make a point of stopping and telling him about every flower I know the name of. I'm being deliberately slow with it even though I'm starting to gasp through my words, with the effort of holding my bursting bladder and being so aroused. My pussy's wet and swollen already. I want sex, and I want to pee, equally badly.

Devin gives a desperate grunt and twitches next to me, as we stand by an azalea bush in full view of the street. "Oh no. I'm...uhhh..." He squeezes his knees together tightly, but I can see it: the pee running down his legs and onto the ground, and the wet patch spreading on his shorts. "Sorry," he says with a gasp. "I just really couldn't..."

"It's all right, babe," I soothe, "just try to stop now. It's only been a little."

He starts breathing again and stands straighter, relaxing. "I stopped. Just...had to let some out. Felt so good." His voice turns sultry. "Maybe you should try."

"Oh God, I'm dying to..." And I'm about to, a few drops are even overflowing and gushing out of me into my bikini bottoms, when I see movement on the sidewalk. We're right near the front; the azalea bush is the only thing between us and the street. Now there's a neighbor strolling over, a guy in his fifties from a few houses down, waving to us. I clench up and manage to stop peeing. My bladder is throbbing; it wants to release more, lots more.

Devin and I step up so the bush is shielding us from the waist down. He says in my ear, low and quick, "I want you to pee your pants while we're talking to him. Just a little. In secret."

I nod. Then the neighbor's there, calling my name, saying hello.

I greet him, introduce Devin. We all stand there a minute, chatting about the heat, my parents' vacation, what does Devin study, how is college going for us, et cetera.

In the middle of his talking about my folks' travel plans, I do it. I let loose a carefully controlled but steady stream of piss. Ahhh, it feels unbelievably good. It forms an instant puddle in my bikini's crotch, then spills over and runs down the inside of my legs, warm on my skin. I casually move one foot over on top of Devin's so he can feel the pee trickling onto his bare foot.

He sends me the swiftest of glances. He has a boner: I can see it poking up his shorts, right at his wet patch. I want to ride it so hard.

I tighten up my muscles and once again stop the flow. It's a small form of agony to do so. My bladder is still so, so full. It feels like we drank cubic tons of water this morning. Now I have the sting of fresh pee all along the insides of my legs, a welcome and erotic sensation. I'm trying not to squirm visibly, but my body is seriously going to burst loose with pee any minute, and Devin has to feel the same.

"Well, we better do the backyard too," I tell the neighbor after another minute of chit-chat.

"Yep!" The guy waves again. "Have a great day, you two!"

As we follow the path back toward the house, I whisper to Devin, "Oh please can we both let out a little more, please please. I need to so bad."

"Me too," he says breathlessly. "Here." And he pulls me down so we're both sitting on the path of wood chips, just out of range of the nearest sprinkler, facing each other. He pulls up his knees and crosses his ankles, the common casual sitting-on-the-ground posture, which just so happens to open one's crotch to view.

I arrange my legs into the yoga-like pose too. We look at each other's eyes and smile.

"Just for five seconds," he says. "On the count of three. Three, two, one."

"Ohhh..." I can't keep from groaning it out loud as I start peeing hard into my bikini bottoms. Urine floods my pussy and puddles under my ass on the path, hot and soaking. My eyes are glued to Devin's dick, its straining outline clearly visible through the shorts as his strong jet of piss soaks his trunks and pours down his crotch.

"That's five seconds," he says all too soon, and with much thigh-tightening and wincing, we both wrestle our aching bladders into compliance and stop our streams.

We sit there breathing swiftly, gazing at each other's sopping wet crotches, then I move a foot over between his legs and feel the soaked, warm patch with my toes. "Mmm," I say. "So nice."

He does the same with his foot between my legs, and I gasp in pleasure at the stroke of his big toe against my hungry clit, even through the fabric. I writhe my hips against it, then remember we're still sitting in my parents' front yard, and I giggle and glance around.

"Quick dash through the sprinkler so we don't have obvious wet crotches?" I propose.

"No letting go in the water," he warns.

"I'll try not to," I promise, "though it's going to be really hard."

"Just another few minutes." He helps me up, holding my hand, and adds in my ear, "Then we can let it all out. Do everything we want."

I swallow, enjoying my burning lust, and nod. I tug him toward the nearest sprinkler and we dash through it, letting it spray us from waists down, shrieking at the coldness of the water. My bladder almost gives out at the temperature change. In fact, a squirt of pee does gush out of me, rewarming my crotch; I honestly can't help it; but I force it to stop after a second, and my bladder barely feels any different. I'm still dying to take a good long pee.

We switch off the front sprinklers and head around to the backyard. Here there's more privacy. High fences and tall trees surround the whole space. Only in one place is a neighbor's window high enough to look in, and it can only see part of the yard. All my teasing patience is gone, and I can tell from the smoldering way Devin's looking at me that he feels the same.

I crank the valve to turn on the sprinklers for half the backyard and promptly drag him by the hand to a row of eight-foot-tall lilac trees in the other half. Between the trees and the solid wood fence there's a little space, a corridor just wide enough to walk down, if you don't mind tree branches brushing against you.

I bring Devin into the little tunnel, the two of us shielded between fence and leaves. "I used to play back here as a kid."

"Oh yeah?" He slips a hand down inside my wet bikini bottoms and cups my swollen pussy. "Did you ever pee back here?"

"Uh-huh," I confess shyly. I glance over my shoulder. "I used to pull my pants down and pee in that corner. Felt really naughty."

He slides a finger between my slick labia, making me groan, and rubs me slowly. "Even when you were a teenager, did you still pee out here sometimes and feel naughty?"

"Yes," I whisper. "And then I'd touch myself. Just like you're touching me now."

"Mm." He draws close and nuzzles my cheek. "And did you ever want a guy with you who also badly needed to take a piss, and wanted you to help him?"

"Always wanted it. Never got it, till now." I slide my hands down his sides and drag his swim trunks down with them.

His rigid cock bobs into the air, gleaming wet. I move over beside him, straddling his thigh from the side, and curl my hand around his shaft. "Now," I whisper. "Nice and slow. Go for it."

He sets his feet apart, and then with a long, low grunt, he releases his full bladder at last. His piss, clear as water, shoots out and begins pattering on the dry ground. I moan at the sight, at the feel of his hot cock in my hand. I slide my fingers down to the tip and slip them back and forth through that strong jet, loving the warmth and force of it.

Then I move in front of him, and kneel so his piss is hitting my neck and flowing down my breasts. I moan again, and so does he, especially when I slide both hands inside my bikini top and push it down, freeing my breasts and squeezing them in the hot shower he's giving me.

"Oh, babe." He's panting as he speaks, and fondling his balls. His dick is as flushed and hard as I've ever seen it. "I'm gonna come if you keep doing that."

"Not just yet." I slowly rise, my boobs still exposed while my swimsuit top dangles around my ribs. I push down my bikini bottoms and step out of them, and take hold of his cock again, which is still streaming piss onto my legs. I aim the stream straight at my clit. "Give me the rest you've got."

"Gladly," he breathes, and his abdomen tenses as he pisses as hard as he can. We both groan. It feels amazing, the hot flow caressing my clit and running down my pussy, and I need to pee so desperately and I want to come, all at once.

His stream is finally running out. Holding me close against him, he forces out another few squirts of pee, then moans again in relief. "Uhhh, that felt incredible."

I slide my fingers around the head of his cock, slippery with precum and piss. "Agreed. Now, oh I need to go so bad, I can't hold it another second, oh, oh..." My bladder finally gives out. The floodgates open. I spread my legs, standing and pissing all over my feet and the ground in blissful relief, letting Devin do what he wishes with this.

He drops to his knees and begins to lick my clit. My pee is drenching his chin and pouring down his chest and dripping onto his stiff dick. It feels amazing, finally letting it out when I needed to go so bad, and having him treat me to his hot mouth at the same time. His tongue flicks in and out of my stream, his throat moving as he takes sips, and I almost come as I watch him. I have to plant a hand on the fence to keep from falling over.

He keeps licking me and taking little drinks while I keep emptying my bladder for what seems a full two minutes, before I at last run out and gasp, "Ohh. That's all, I'm...wait..." I have one little trickle more after all, and I pee it out in an arc that lands squarely on his waiting tongue. "Ahhh," I sigh. "There. I'm done."

He rises and wastes no time: he turns me to face the fence, takes hold of his dick, and plunges it up into my pussy, which is so ready for him, slick and dripping wet. I spread both hands on the fence and moan as he hits my G-spot, over and over, thrusting. He holds onto my hips, groaning like an animal in heat, as he fucks me, faster, faster, wilder, wetter...

He shudders, coming hard enough to make the fence rattle, and I cry out, my orgasm slamming me at the same moment. His fingers knead my hips as we writhe together, riding the delicious waves, shaking and bucking.

Finally we droop to a halt and he slides out of me. His come and my juices and probably a fair amount of pee drip down my inner thighs. I turn limply and lean against his chest, and he hugs me for a long time, giving languid kisses to my head.

He chuckles. "We're taking such good care of this garden, seriously."

"Mm," I agree. "And we have all week to go on taking care of it."

I lift my head and we kiss on the lips, a kiss that tastes of sex and naughtiness.
