Title: Sam's Story

By: Sally

Samantha was sure that they must nearly be there. After all, they had already been on the road for over three hours, despite the fact that Jerry had promised faithfully that it would take two hours maximum to reach the secluded woodland camp site on the edge of Delamere. Yes, Jerry had promised, and since he was one of the few people who knew how difficult Samantha found these long journeys, she had no doubt that they would be stopping any minute now.

As she considered this, the attractive 28 year old redhead uncrossed her long, shapely legs to stretch them in front of her. Then, changing her mind, she crossed them again and shuffled around in her seat so as to lean her knees against the door, shuffling again when she became aware of the slight rasping noise her jeans were making as they rubbed rhythmically against the upholstery.

"Shit!" screamed Jerry, jerking the car back on to the correct side of the road moments before a crash with an oncoming hay lorry became inevitable. "That was my own fault," he thought quietly to himself. "How am I supposed to concentrate on the road when she's fidgeting like that? Oh God, she's trying so hard not to let any of us see it... maybe I should stop driving around in circles, Bob or Erica might realise the I'm time wasting... Sam's too preoccupied to notice, but she'll never say in front of those two. Maybe I should have warned her that she would have an audience - no, she never would have agreed to come, knowing that she would have to admit to need to pee in front of anyone else. If only she weren't so tall and curvy and DESPERATE, maybe I could control myself better, perhaps not throw her in at the deep end like this."

Finally, Jerry decided it was time to reach the camp site. They had already been past it twice on small side roads, but each time Jerry had decided to put their arrival off a bit longer. Perhaps at thirty years of age Jerry should have known better than to string someone along in this way, but his discovery that the gorgeous Sam was extremely shy about using the lavatory had knocked all of the sense out of him. This weekend break for the two couples had been his idea, as camping seemed the perfect way to push Sam to the limits. He only hoped that she would stay true to form and keep quiet about her desperation until it was almost too late, just like she had done the first time they made love... but that was another story, and the enticing image of Sam trying to erect a tent without fidgeting was beckoning Jerry back to reality.

Erica and Bob were busily unpacking the car while Jerry and Sam sorted out the various bits needed for putting up the tents

"I've got my bits sorted, Sam, how are you doing?" Jerry voiced this question as innocently has possible, looking down to hide the mischeavous gleam in his eye.

A very flushed Sam looked around frantically. "I've got the ropes, the tent pages, the hammer, the ground sheet... but where the bloody hell is the tent?"

"Oh God, don't tell me I forgot it! Damn! It's not still in the car is it Erica?"

"Sorry Jerry," came the expected reply from Bob. "It looks like we'll have to share, but that's okay - Erica and I have a six person anyway. It usually allows plenty of room for... um... manoeuvring, but I guess we can put off any of that 'til we get home!"

Sam began to splutter "But, b-b-b, but we CAN'T share!"

"Steady on old girl, you can't be that desperate for it!"

"What? I... no... what?" was Sam's incoherent reply to Bob's teasing.

"Sorry Sam, you'll have to forgive my dear heart's poor sense of humour, but it looks like we have no choice. Why don't you and Jerry get the cooking stuff set up while Bob and I finish with this tent. A cup of tea would go down a treat! Mind you, I suppose you might be sick of it after demolishing the contents of that flask on the way here!"

"Yes - I'm afraid tea is one of my weaknesses. Can't resist the stuff.. it was ever so nice of Jerry to keep me furnished with it on the way here." Sam was silently cursing this kindness, since it was an excess of her favourite beverage which had left her in this decidedly delicate state. If there was one thing certain to make her bladder complain, it was tea. By some miracle it seemed to multiply inside her - even two cups of it resulted in long trips to the toilet every couple of hours for the rest of the day. With a whole flask full... Sam just wished that she could find a private moment to visit the amenities before her fidgets became as frantically obvious as they felt.

Within a short time the tent was up, the fire lit and dinner was on the way. Jerry watched in fascination as Sam refused the offer of more tea, and quietly slipped an extra bit of salt into her serving of beans. "Mean," he thought to himself, "but worth it." Everyone else sat cross-legged, while Sam kept her knees firmly together and pretended that her frequent changes of position were due to lumpy ground.

The salt did the trick, and Sam accepted when Jerry offered her a glass of water. "How long is she going to keep quiet? I know what she's like, she must be incredibly desperate to fidget like that. Oh, what if she can't manage? I haven't told her that the 'amenities' as she calls them are nothing more than a bush and any number of trees. She'll kill me if she finds out I set this up!"

Sam couldn't believe how bad she felt, how indescribably desperate she had become over the past few hours. She knew that she would have to give in sooner or later - but if she could hold on a second longer, then that was what she would do. If only she had warn a long skirt instead of these damn show-all white jeans. Who wore white jeans to go camping anyway? But Jerry was especially keen on them, and she wanted to impress. That he was more impressed by the jerky movements of her legs as she held her bladder forcibly in check, she had yet to discover.

The night was drawing in rapidly, bringing with it some threatening looking rain clouds, and the two couples decided to retire to the tent for the night. Erica and Bob rose, stretching as they did so.

"This place doesn't have such a thing as a Ladies' room, does it Jerry?" enquired Erica.

"Nope, sorry, I'm afraid the best we can do is Ladies' bush and Men's bush, if you'll pardon the expression!"

"That's okay, I was a Girl Guide, I can cope with the rough stuff! See you all in a few minutes."

With this Erica and Bob set off in search of some privacy, while Jerry lingered a while with Sam.

"You okay Sam? I'm sorry there's no proper toilet - I know you've mentioned in the past that you're not much into this crouch behind a bush business, but I thought it wouldn't matter this once."

"Oh, well... I don't have much choice now. I'll just clear these things away and then join you... or, no, I mean I'll find a suitable... um.. you know."

Jerry grinned and sauntered off, sincerely doubting that she would do anything of the kind. Not his Sam, who had hesitated to ask where the bathroom was in his house even after they had become intimate. She would make love with wild abandon, but wouldn't give so much as a hint that she needed to use the toilet until Jerry had brought the matter up himself. When she had opened up and told him her habits - like not going behind bushes or in public lavatories, and not drinking too much tea in polite company - Jerry had been thrilled. He sensed that Sam, however, was not really aware of how much he was turned on by this kind of thing. Which at the moment was probably a good thing, since she seemed not to suspect his motives for bringing her here in these circumstances.

True to form, Sam made no attempt to relieve herself, but was seriously considering it when the matter was taken out of her hands for the time being. With a crack of thunder the heavens opened, and all four of them made a mad dash for the tent to avoid a soaking.

"Ugh!" cried Erica. "Lovely weather you brought Jerry. Thank goodness Sam brought all our stuff in before the rain came. I guess you didn't get around to the bush business because of it, though. Bad luck, you'll get soaked!"

Bob saw his chance for some more teasing, saying in a husky voice, "Don't worry Sam love, I'll help you out of those wet clothes when you get back... Ouch! Only joking Erica - my stripping services are yours alone!"

This gave Sam no choice. She was the centre of attention, she was expected to go out and deal with her desperation. The idea that she could claim not to need to go flashed briefly through her head, but of course EVERYONE goes before bed, so they would only think she was strange, or lying, and the never-ending fidgeting would seem more obvious than ever.

"Okay, I'll see you all in a few minutes. If there are any cow pats out there Jerry, I'll kill you!"

"But that's part of the joys of camping, Sam love. Don't worry though, the nocturnal tree-dwelling bovine sounds an unusual animal, and I don't suppose they have them in these parts. If you want, I could always come with you to protect you...?"

"No thanks!" With this Sam hurried outside, feeling as though her bladder would give up at any moment. Having found partial shelter under a tree, she undid her jeans to relieve the pressure of the material on her abdomen. When she was this desperate she could actually feel her bladder - but the gentle pressure she applied to do so turned out to be a bad idea, and she gasped as a fresh wave of terrible, mind-numbing need to let go washed over her.

"Oh, God, no, I can't!" Hopping up and down, Sam willed herself to hold on a bit longer. "No, no, no, I will NOT crouch under a bush, I will NOT give in. Why should I? Why should my bladder get to decide what I do? Maybe there just isn't any room left in there... but I should still be able to hold it in a LITTLE bit longer..."

Finally able to give full vent to her need, Sam clutched herself and crossed her legs, bobbing up and down in an attempt to physically hold in every last drop. This couldn't go on for ever - she had to give in eventually, she would have to go...

"Sam, are you okay out there? You're taking forever!"

"Damn! Shut up Jerry!" Sam mumbled furiously. "Now I'll have to go back and I'll have to wait ages before I can reasonably come out again. Bloody sodding HELL!" Composing herself, Sam returned to the tent, determined to keep her legs still and encourage the others to go to sleep as soon as possible.

Jerry knew as soon as Sam entered the tent that she hadn't gone. She had that look about her - not fidgeting but keeping dead still, as if any movement might be too much for her overflowing bladder to bare. "Oh God, look at her, how's she managing it? I shouldn't have done this, really I shouldn't... who am I kidding, I'm loving every second, she's so good at waiting when she's this desperate. How much longer?" Jerry's mind was working overtime thinking of how much Sam had drunk, how long she had been fidgeting for, how many more seconds, minutes... hours... could she wait? It was at least six hours since she last went - that was no big deal for her in normal circumstances, but after a good litre of tea and several large glasses of water, it was more than anyone could take comfortably.

Sam knew that even minutes would be pushing it as she sat down and felt a small but unmistakable squirt escape her. She had to get out of there. The rain had already soaked her; if she was outside then no-one would be the wiser when she finally reached her limit of endurance. Maybe she could make it to a bush in time if she was fast... and left now.

"Oh no, my necklace! I must have dropped it outside!" Sam groaned inwardly at this feeble attempt at play-acting, but circumstances made it necessary. Leaping up as she felt that the moment was near when any amount of fidgeting wouldn't help, Sam opened the tent flaps. "I must go and look for it before it gets washed away."

The ruse was obvious to Jerry, who couldn't help himself saying "No, you'll get wet again - I'll look for you."

"No! I mean, no thanks, I'll go since I'm already wet."

Sam had been gone all of thirty seconds when Jerry noticed Erica and Bob were staring at him pointedly. He did a double-take but they kept staring. "Well," said Erica, "are you EVER going to get your act together? Go out and help her this minute!"

"She didn't seem to want any help..."

"Rubbish, she was just trying to be nice. Go out there and get wet with her!"

"Oh, all right, if you insist Erica." Silently, Jerry thanked Erica for the excuse to check on what Sam was up to. Not that he was in much doubt - but he also didn't doubt that his presence wouldn't be welcomed by Sam, for all Erica's protestations to the contrary.

In an agony of desperation, Sam had dashed a few hundred yards through the rain until she came to a suitable looking place to stop. She struggled valiantly with the buttons of her jeans. "I'm never wearing trousers again in my life!" she screamed at the rain. Finally they were off, Sam smiling in anticipation of the relief to come as she let her muscles relax and her over-extended bladder began to empty... just as Jerry arrived. Gasping, Sam could do nothing to stop herself, and left with no alternative she watched Jerry's mouth spread into an ever widening grin.

"Whew, I didn't think you were ever going to give in!"

"What do you think you're doing standing there?"

"Just enjoying the view, darling. We really must come camping more often!"

"You mean you... no, you couldn't have... could you? You've gone to all this trouble just to see me get desperate?"

"Well you do it so well..."

"You don't know the half of it. Just you wait - we'll see next time if you can spot REAL desperation, without any of this bribery with tea! In the meantime... how long does a girl have to wait around without her clothes on before a bloke can take the hint?"

"You mean... no, you couldn't... could you...?"

