Since the beginning of high school, they always met each other at the bus stop, near their houses. Every morning Jenni would show up in her school uniform; a plaid skirt or blue slacks, a white polo shirt or a white button down shirt, and or course the white socks. She usually wore the plaid skirt to show off her long legs. Both Stacy and Jenni had blonde hair, and brown eyes, and a golden tan.As usual, Stacy got to the bus stop before Jenni arrived, so she started to study for a test. About ten minutes had gone by and Stacy was beginning to worry that Jenni wasn't going to school today. But a minute before the bus got there, Stacy saw Jenni running towards the bus stop. She felt relieved but Jenni was not feeling relieved at all. "Hey Jenni didn't think you were going to make it today." "I know, I woke up late and I was rushing to get ready on time." They both boarded the bus and took a seat in the back where they usually sat alone. Jenni had continued about with her morning rush and she hadn't bothered to try and pee first. "What's wrong with you, Jenni?" asked Stacy. "Well it's a little bit embarrassing, but I really have to pee." "Are you going to hold it till we get to school, Jenni?" "I don't think I can hold it till then..." Stacy started to get wet thinking about seeing Jenni wet her panties. She had begun having thoughts about Jenni back in high school, but she didn't know what Jenni would think about her. So she decided to try to get her to wet her panties on the bus. "Well you should just go here, no one will know" "I can't do that; it would make a mess, oh God I think I'm about to go." Stacy watched as Jenni put her hand up her skirt and grab her crotch to try to hold it in as long as possible. She could tell the Jenni was not going to make it and she should convince her to just let it go on the bus. Jenni was thinking the same thing. She knew she wasn't going to make it, and the thought of getting to pee in front of Stacy made it seem tempting to try. She remembered walking in on Stacy one time in the bathroom, where she had her head down and her legs spread wide open in the direction of the door. Stacy was wearing a tank top, with pink cotton panties that sat around her pink socks. At that sight Jenni just stood there and watched Stacy who still hadn't noticed her arrival. She watched as Stacy peed. When Stacy reached for toilet paper she saw Jenni standing there, and they both apologized and Jenni ran to the other bathroom to touch herself. "Just pull your skirt up, take your panties off and squat, I bet you wont get any mess on yourself. You'll feel a lot better too," Stacy told her. "I think I'll have to." Jenni took her skirt off completely and just threw her hand back on her crotch to stop the flow that almost got out. Stacy at this point started to admire her best friend's body. Her long tan legs with cute white ankle socks and white tennis shoes. Then she looked up to her crotch that was covered by Jenni's hand. She did catch a glance of a small wet spot that started to form at her crotch. Jenni started to spread her legs and grab herself firmly in the crotch. She started to moan which was followed by a small squirt of liquid that went through her hands and onto the bus seat. She removed her hand and moved to the edge of the seat, and then she quickly pulled her panties down and off. As soon as her panties hit the floor she let a steady stream of piss that hit the floor and on the seats, some started to go on the side of her legs and down her thighs. She continued peeing until all had gone onto the floor and down her legs. A large puddle had formed on the floor. The bus was nearing the high school, and Jenni sat back on the seat. She put her skirt back on and looked at Stacy. "That feels much better now. I don't think I'm going to wear these panties anymore though. What should I do with them?" Jennie asked. She showed Stacy her white panties that had a large yellow stain in the crotch area. "Just leave them here, it will be something for whoever cleans up your mess." They both laughed and exited the bus.
Yellow5