One morning I had tons of laundry to do, having put it off for a week or more. My roommate Jess and I are in college, and we live on the second floor of our apartment complex. The laundry room is in the basement, shared by all the tenants in that section of the complex. The laundry room is also the storage room, with each apartment's storage cubbies around the edge of the basement.
I made sure to get up early so I could be the first one to get my laundry in. Usually Saturdays were the busiest time for laundry so I avoided that day. This was a Friday morning and hopefully there would be no one getting their laundry in before me since I had so much to do.
I had about three baskets worth to carry down with sheets and all, which wasn't too bad but still a decent haul making one trip at a time. When I got back upstairs for the third basket I realized I wanted to put the ratty sweats I was wearing in the wash, so I quickly threw on some snug faded jeans and a long sleeve t–shirt. I made sure I had all my coins in the pocket so I wouldn't have to run back upstairs again, it was three flights and I was already out of breath. I had to pee a little bit but it wasn't bad and I am usually good at holding it for a while.
I got downstairs and luckily there was no one else using the washer and dryers! The basement was still kind of dark and creepy, even in the morning. There were only a few small windows and they didn't let in a lot of light. I sorted all the wash, and then I really had to pee. I drank a big glass of juice with my breakfast and apparently with all the up and down stairs it was going through me. But I knew I could hold it while I sorted all the wash and got the first load in.
I wanted to check my storage cubby, I had to see if my bike needed a tune up before riding it this spring. I had the keys in my pocket with the coins, while I was fumbling around for a bit to find the key to open the padlock I knew I couldn't hold it too long. Damn. There's no toilet down in the basement, only other locked cubbies and the laundry station. But I got the padlock open, wrenched the door open, and reached up to pull the string for the light. But before I got the light on, I felt a tiny squirt come out when I went on my tiptoes and so I quick bent over to grab my crotch. Usually I can hold it better than this, but I felt so nervous!
Apparently being in the dark basement and hearing all the water running from the washing machines was too much. Luckily there was no one to see me grab myself, but I really hated to run all the way back upstairs just to pee when someone else could come down and grab the dryer before me. I just squeezed with all my might and hoped for the best.
I got the light on, and checked my bike out. It looked fine, same as I left it in the fall. But all I could really think about was how much I had to pee. At that moment I heard someone come down the basement stairs. I froze for a second in my cubby, trying to figure out what to do. I heard them unlock their cubby door, and breathed a sigh of relief. But I was still holding myself. I knew I had to pee soon, and really didn't want to wet my pants– especially in my cubby, and there was no floor drain or anything to keep the floor from getting all wet. But I was totally desperate now.
I thought I heard whoever it was walk away and go back up the stairs. Unfortunately it sounded like they were chatting with someone else out in the hall, and then I heard the basement door open again. I peeked out and could see Sarah, the girl who lived downstairs from us, bring her laundry basket down, set it down with a sigh and a thud in front of my (already taken) washer, and then turn around to go back upstairs. I was friends with her, but didn't want to see her right at this moment. She would want the washer as soon as my first load was out and I had to keep crossing my legs and grabbing myself to hold on!
When I could tell she was gone, I closed my cubby door, but didn't lock it since I had to bend over and grab myself to keep from peeing. But another little squirt came out anyway, and it was all I could do to hold it back. Man, I had to go so bad. I hoped it didn't soak through my jeans, I had just thrown my other pair in the dirty clothes basket and I knew it would be a while before I got to washing those. The washer was just about done at this point, just a few more minutes before it would be done and I could put that load in the dryer and put the second load in the washer.
To my horror, Sarah came back in at that moment. "Hi Lis – are you doing laundry too?"
"Yeah, actually, I am." I was holding back now with all my might. "This load is almost done; I was hoping I could get the next one in before I go back upstairs since I still have a couple more to do today."
Sarah looked at my baskets and then glanced at me. I was hoping she couldn't tell anything was wrong. "That's fine, I'm in no hurry. I'll see you in a little while, then."
She gave a little wave and turned back to go upstairs.
Thinking quickly, I grabbed my other laundry basket, dumped the dirty clothes out on the concrete floor, and turned it upside down to sit on it. I kept thinking if I sat down I wouldn't have to pee so badly. It did help a little, but waiting for that laundry to stop spinning was impossible. I was squirming and grabbing myself. It was arousing, but uncomfortable too. Finally I figured I'd just have to run back upstairs and pee, and take my chances. I got up from my makeshift seat and felt pee squirting out. I grabbed on and stopped it as quick as I could, but I definitely had a wet spot on my faded jeans, and knew I probably wouldn't make it upstairs. Oh, I had to pee so badly. How did I get myself into this? It wasn't the first time, but after the other times I was hoping I could hold it longer.
Ding! The bell from the washing machine rang as it finished its cycle. I let go of my crotch for a second, and opened the washer door. I could feel myself leaking into my panties and jeans, no matter how much I tried to hold it. It sure felt like I was wetting myself. I was ticked! I kept trying to squeeze to stop it. Clamping my legs together as hard as I could, I grabbed my wet wash out of the washing machine, bent over and stuffed it into the dryer in one big lump, and felt squirt after squirt of pee shooting out. It was definitely soaking my panties now, and probably my jeans too. I groaned and looked down, and sure enough, my crotch was all wet. I was still trying to hold on but my body just couldn't.
As I moved from squatting down beside the dryer, I felt the pee coming out, warm on my crotch and legs. I knew it was too late at this point to hold on anymore, so I stopped holding it and let it come. Pee gushed out in a torrent onto the floor next to the dryer, soaked my pants to glistening wet, and I just couldn't move. The relief of it felt so good, but I was really petrified. Thank goodness no one saw me. After that brief moment of bliss then I had a moment of panic. I was in the basement, where anyone could walk in at any moment, wearing jeans that were completely soaked through at the crotch, and a huge puddle under me. I figured I'd better get out of my wet pants and throw them in the wash, too, since that just made sense.
Even though I was pretty sure I was alone, I glanced around quickly to make sure no one was watching. I grabbed my coins and keys out of the pockets, pulled off my wet jeans and panties, and threw them in the washer with the next load. I grabbed my sweats out of the dirty pile, put them back on, and started the washer up. I felt so much better, a little bit sneaky and naughty, and definitely aroused. I went over to my cubby where I left the padlock undone, locked it, and thought about my accident. Perhaps it wasn't so horrifying after all, I mean, everyone has accidents sometime, and no harm done, right?
By: Lisa M.