My Boyfriend Made Me Hold It!

Posted by Sparklegirls2000 on May 28th, 2011 at 2:02PM

If you like this story, please ask questions or message me!

It was a Friday night and my boyfriend and I were watching a movie. I had drunk 2 cans of pop and I was going to get up to pee. Well, my boyfriend LOVES female desperation, and he knew that I liked to hold. So when I was getting up, obviously knowing where I was going, he pulled me back down and told me to hold it. I told him no and that I really should go now, but he refused to let me. I finally obeyed and told him I would hold and that it would be a while until I'd go because I really didn't have to that bad. But, secretly, I was becoming more desperate by the minute. About an hour and a half later, I had to pee bad considering I hadn't gone that morning and was forced to skip my evening pee.

I could feel my bladder pulsing a bit as I couldn't fidget or hold myself. I really wanted to prove something to my boyfriend. That was that I could hold longer than him without getting desperate. Finally the movie was over and we decided to get to bed where I could hold myself all I wanted to without being noticed. The night went by very slowly. And by morning I had to hold myself not to piss my pants. It had been 26 hours since my last pee. I was so full I couldn't stand it. My bf was loving it. He was having fun watching me fidget and cross and uncross my legs to keep it all in.I asked him desperately when I could go and he said "after I torture your desperation."Vote up! 4

