Title: Protecting Jasmine

By: Paul Tester

To help her grand-daughter get over her parents acrimonious divorce and subsequent custody battle, Fiona offered to take her on a long overseas holiday. Jasmine chose to go the Far East, visiting Thailand, Vietnam, and Malaysia, which delighted Fiona, who had been wanting to visit there herself. The first week of the holiday was spent sight-seeing in Bangkok, and becoming acclimatised to the heat and humidity of the rainy season.

For Fiona, this was a chance to get to know her grand-daughter better, and she was delighted to find that Jasmine was a lively, intelligent girl of 12, who was genuinely interested in the new experience of travelling in the East. The only slightly worrying thing that Fiona noted was that Jasmine appeared to have a small bladder, needing to visit the loo at least every two hours, often more frequently. This was not a big problem in Bangkok, where it was normally possible to find some sort of loo when she needed it, particularly as she did not mind using the Asian style 'squat' toilets that Fiona abhorred.

Before seeing the rest of Thailand, they had a week in Vietnam, flying to Da Nang, from where they had booked a couch tour to the old capital, Hue. Seeing how primitive Vietnam was compared to Bangkok, Fiona was worried about Jasmine on the tour. She had heard that it was a three hour journey to Hue, and suspected that there would not be either a loo on the coach or a stop en-route. If this was the case, then Jasmine might be in desperate need of a loo when they reached Hue, and Fiona hated the thought of her suffering needlessly. She did not know Jasmine intimately enough to discuss this directly with her, but, determined to protect her grand-daughter, Fiona concluded that the only thing she could do was to prevent Jasmine drinking any more that was absolutely necessary, and hope that she would be able to last the journey without too much discomfort.

The early start the next morning meant that they were given a set breakfast, and this included a pot of coffee between them and a carton of orange juice each. Thinking quickly, Fiona complained of being very thirsty, and sweet child that she was, Jasmine offered her both cartons of orange juice. Fiona drank them, pleased that her plan was working. She continued to feign thirst, and by drinking two and a half cups of coffee, restricted Jasmine to only one cup. In keeping down Jasmine's liquid intake, Fiona had doubled her own, but this did not register, as she was more concerned with making sure that Jasmine had time to visit the loo before the coach left.

Mai, a smiling Vietnamese girl in national dress welcomed them onto the coach, and, to Fiona's dismay, handed them a litre bottle of mineral water each, apologising that it was not possible to buy safe drinks at many of the buildings they were going to visit. Fiona swiftly took charge of both bottles, telling Jasmine that it would be better for them to share one bottle at a time. This way she would be able to ration Jasmine's drink, and consume the bulk herself. The coach was Russian built and air-conditioned, far better than many that they had seen on the roads of Vietnam, but did not have a toilet. It was a humid, overcast morning, and the air-conditioning, which could not be regulated, was keeping the inside of the coach almost uncomfortably cool.

As soon as they were out of the town, and Jasmine was engrossed looking out the window, Fiona took a long drink of water before letting Jasmine have a few sips. She continued with this routine for the next 45 minutes, by which time the bottle was almost empty, and she could caution Jasmine not to drink too much or they would run out before they got to Hue. Since Jasmine didn't really like drinking water, much preferring Cola, she was quite pleased about this.

The other passengers were mainly well-off middle-aged tourists, for Vietnam was still a new destination for tourists, and catered only for expensive package tours and not back-packers. Like all the others, Fiona and Jasmine were smartly dressed for a hot country. Jasmine was wearing a short skirt and T-shirt, while Fiona wore a pair of pale blue knee length tailored shorts, which fitted her well without being tight, and a loose shirt, an outfit which accentuated her trim, petite figure. Like many well-off ladies, she took trouble to keep in shape, and was often taken for being nearer 35 than her actual 55 years.

An hour after leaving Da Nang Jasmine was not showing any signs of wanting a loo, but Fiona herself was feeling the urge to go. So concerned had she been that Jasmine should not suffer, she had not considered the amount she was drinking, and how it would affect her. She tried not to think of the consequences of having to wait another two hours, but this anxiety seemed to make her need worse, and fifteen minutes later she had to admit that she wanted to go rather badly. She crossed her legs tightly, willing the urge to go away. She felt better for a bit, but soon she was dying to go again. Since her husband had died, she had lead a very ordered life, and it had been a long time since she had been in this situation, dying for a loo and not able to get to one.

Worse, it was a sharp, urgent need, not the more comfortable and more easily ignored fullness that she used to feel. The thought of having to suffer this for another hour and a half was bad enough, the possibility of it getting worse was quite frightening. She tried to drive the urge away, tensing all her bladder control muscles and imagining she was squeezing all her pee back inside her body somewhere, where it would not bother her again. This was effective so long as she kept tensed, but as soon as she relaxed she began to want to go again. She tensed herself again. It did not seem so effective this time, and anyway, she could not keep that sort of internal tension up for long.

Crossing her legs harder helped a bit, but she wasn't sure she could bear to want to go so badly for more than an hour. To make the journey bearable was going to require drastic measures. This would mean either holding between her legs, which was unthinkable for an adult, or sitting on her heel, something that Fiona had not done since she had been a young girl.

She took off her right shoe and slowly, so that Jasmine would not notice, she uncrossed her legs and folded her right leg underneath her, moving herself about until her heel was pressing between her legs and taking away much of her need for a loo. She sighed with relief; now she could relax again, and while she was still uncomfortably aware of a full bladder, she could bear this for the rest of the journey. What she needed now was something to make the time pass as quickly as possible, so she began taking a much greater interest in the passing scenery, and discussing this with Jasmine. Ten minutes later Mai, their guide came round to ask if they needed any more drinking water yet. Fiona declined, not wanting to drink another drop until she had been to the loo, and Jasmine told Mai that she didn't like water very much. Smiling, Mai fetched a can of Cola for her.

"Cola is imported, so it's very difficult and expensive to get in Vietnam, but I think I can find some for you."

Fiona had noted before how the Asian women doted on Jasmine, fascinated by her blonde hair and blue eyes that were so different from their own children. She didn't mind that, but if only Mai hadn't given Jasmine more drink. If it was going to be an hour before they got to Hue, then she did not want Jasmine to drink it all, but, with her own bladder already bursting, she dare not drink much herself.

Before she could resolve this problem, Jasmine had started drinking the Cola, and then offered it to Fiona. She had no choice but to drink her share, hoping that half a can each would not be too serious for either of their bladders. Mai came back to talk to Jasmine again, and during the conversation, revealed that it would be at least another hour before they reached their destination. Fiona squirmed anxiously at this news, for the cold Cola was already making her want to go more, and sitting on her heel was not as effective as it had been.

For a time it seemed to Fiona that she was not wanting to go any more badly, but when she estimated that there was only ten minutes left, she began to feel a much more urgent need to go. She had to tense her muscles to control her bladder, and began to worry about how badly she would want to go when she was off her heel and walking. It was going to be much worse than sitting in the coach, and she would have to find a loo as quickly as possible. She had no idea what Hue was like, but surely, as a major tourist destination there had to be a proper coach park with loos, or at the least, loos in the buildings they were seeing. Please, she thought, let them be near the coach stop, and easy to find, and she would not care how crude or dirty they were.

She didn't want to have to make a big fuss asking where they were, because she was embarrassed that she needed to go so badly, and she was ashamed to admit to herself that she hoped Jasmine was also bursting. Everybody would help a little girl dying to go, and she could tag along with her without having to admit that she was more desperate than her grand-daughter.

Fiona was looking anxiously for signs of Hue when Mai came to see Jasmine again, and began telling her the history of the first palace they were visiting. Fiona was listening closely, hoping to pick up some clue to the location of the loos, and was shocked to hear that the palace was now an empty building in the country-side, visited only by tourists and local villagers.

The coach turned off the main road and followed a narrow track for about a mile over the brow of a hill, and there was the palace below them. The coach stopped in a clearing by the road, and Mai announced that they would have to walk the rest of the way. Fiona was among the first off the coach, immediately looking about for directions to the loo she needed. As she had feared, once she was off her foot and walking, she wanted to go much more desperately, and she was really having to clench her bladder shut to hold on. Following Mai along the track, Fiona was frantic for a loo, fighting to keep control of her bladder.

Long before they had reached the palace gate, she was hanging on with all her strength, and for the first time in her adult life, she began to fear that she might not be able to wait, and could even be in danger of wetting her pants. Using every ounce of her strength to force her bladder shut enabled her to walk a bit further, but with every step she had less control and she could feel that soon she was going to be leaking into her knickers. More frantic that she had ever been in her life before, and panicking because it was unthinkable that any adult should wet her pants, yet knowing that she was not going to be able to stop herself much longer, Fiona pressed one hand between her legs, the only possible way that she could control herself. Mortified by what she was doing, but with no alternative, she tried to cover her action by holding her bag in front of her, but this was such an un-natural position to carry a bag that it only drew attention to what she was doing.

Inside the palace gate Mai gathered the group round her and began telling the history of the buildings. Standing with crossed legs Fiona felt a bit more in control, and standing close behind Jasmine, she could hide her hand between her legs more effectively. She wasn't listening to Mai, the part of her mind that wasn't concentrating on holding back her pee was looking round in vain for the loos. There was absolutely no sign of any toilet facilities, and worse, the arrival of a tourist coach had attracted a small army of local villagers, both vendors and those who were just curious.

Finishing her introduction, Mai led the group towards the main complex of buildings, the path winding round an ornamental lake. Fiona tried to make herself inconspicuous in the centre of the group, keeping close behind Jasmine to prevent her companions seeing that she was holding between her legs. Her feeling of panic was increasing, because, despite holding her crutch, she was still on the brink of wetting herself, and she could imagine that he first trickle of pee was almost leaking out of her bladder and into her knickers. Somehow she had to hold it back, as there was bound to be a loo in the main palace, if only she could wait that long. Modesty, and shame at the state she was in, made her hesitate to ask Mai where the loos were, but she hoped that Mai would notice her plight and show her the loos without being asked.

Mai gathered the group round her, and showed them a plan of the arrangement of rooms and halls, leading to the main throne room. The only part of this that Fiona was interested in was where the loo was, and that was not part of Mai's explanation. The first room was called the 'robing room,' where courtiers had dressed in ceremonial robes before an audience with the King. One of the men jokingly made a reference to 'bathrooms' as part of the preparation before a long ceremony. Mai blushed at this question, and explained that the palace had never had any 'proper toilets,' only outside huts well away from the main building, and, as she coyly put it, 'containers they kept in their private rooms.' This was almost the last straw for Fiona, who had thought for a moment that Mai was going to tell them where the loos were.

How she endured the tour of the palace, Fiona never knew, nor did she see much of the architecture or decoration of the building, because all she could think about was holding back her pee. Her hand was permanently pressed between her legs; if she let go for even a second, she was sure that she would wet her knickers. She didn't care what the other tourists thought, the only thing that mattered was not wetting her pants, and somehow she had to get to a loo soon. As they came to the end of the tour, she approached Mai and asked her if there was a toilet anywhere.

Mai saw she was holding herself, obviously in desperate need of a toilet, but could do nothing to help her. There were no toilets in the palace building, all she could offer was to tell Fiona to wait until they were outside and then crouch behind a bush or statue. Until then Fiona would just have to hang on. Several times during the tour, Fiona thought that she was going to pee, despite holding herself. She only survived by twisting her legs in a knot and holding herself with both hands, pressing with all her might to resist the terrible pressure in her bladder.

At last they were outside again, and Fiona was frantically looking about for some cover to crouch behind. She headed for small ornamental garden about 50 yards away, but to her dismay, a group of local children followed her. She had expected them to go away when they realised what she was going to do, but as she went behind an urn, so they crowded closer, laughing among themselves and pointing at her, doubled over in desperation with both hands pressed between her legs.

"Go away! Oh please go away," pleaded Fiona, feeling her last vestige of control slipping away, and right on the brink of wetting her pants.

The children didn't move, and the bolder ones began to imitate her, calling "Go away!" back at her, and one boy was even holding between his legs and doubling over like she was. Frantic though she was, Fiona could not bring herself to pull down her shorts and go in front of this crowd, so she froze there, holding with both hands and hoping that some miracle would save her from wetting her pants.

Her salvation was the arrival of Jasmine, who also wanted a loo, though nothing like as badly as Fiona, accompanied by Mai, who thought that the little girl was too shy to find some cover on her own. Mai cuffed the ring-leader round the head, and shouted at the urchins in Vietnamese, who scattered and ran back to the crowd of vendors pestering the main group of tourists. Fiona could not wait another second, she undid her belt and pulled down her shorts and knickers in one untidy tangle, and even before she was crouching down, let go a stream of pee at such pressure that it almost lifted her slight frame off the ground.

By the time a relieved Fiona had regained her composure and pulled her shorts up, Jasmine had also finished, and Mai had been standing guard, not needing to go herself. All three rejoined the other tourists, who were carefully pretending that they had not noticed what Fiona and Jasmine had been doing. Mai was apologising profusely to Fiona, explaining that Vietnam was still a poor country, and that they did not have enough money to build proper facilities for tourists yet. She seemed to think that Fiona had a weak bladder, as she promised her that there would be proper facilities at the lunch stop, and that she would arrange for her to be able to use the toilets at the temples they would visit in the afternoon. Fiona found this attention quite embarrassing, but at least it would achieve her original objective, making sure that Jasmine did not have to wait too long.

