Lunambra 3-4

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Four - Oceans

"Baeden," Marina choked out as she leaned against his back. "It's been over an hour. You have to stop, just for a minute..."

"He could be after us already," Baeden said as he spurred the horse onward. "It is not safe yet."

"Please don't make me piss on the horse," Marina whimpered through thick tears. Between the pain of her bladder and the stress of their escape, her emotions were scattered and intense. "Please, I don't want to do that. Please, Baeden."

Baeden looked back at the woman. Her eyes were squeezed shut, sweat and tears dampening her entire face. She winced with every step the horse took, and she was whispering something to herself under her breath. The Price let out an extended sigh. They needed to keep moving, but if she did relieve herself on the horse, the animal could get angry, and it would definitely make them easier to track. He knew how much she drank, he could not expect her to keep it inside of her any longer. He tugged at the reins, slowing the horse to a trot, and he pulled the beast to the side of the path. He jumped off and turned to Marina, holding out one of his large hands. She slid limply off of the horse with a gasp, and she was already wetting herself as he half-dragged her off the road and into the brush.

He plopped down onto the dirt and held Marina close, nuzzling his face in her hair and wrapping his arms around her. The hissing sound reached his ears as they settled down, and he looked between her legs. A puddle was spreading out from under her dress, and he gripped the thin fabric and pulled it up to reveal her red hair pubic hair, with the thick stream flowing out of her. She shivered periodically, and he knew it had to be from the relief rather than any sort of cold. Gaston's blood still coated the knuckles of his right hand, and he leaned forwards to wash it off in Marina's water. "Piss harder, will you? It's not coming off."

Marina let out a stifled giggle. "That's horrible," she whispered, though her voice betrayed humor. She placed a hand on her still-bulging bladder and pushed in, and her flow increased. After a bit of scrubbing, Baeden's hands were clean and coated with Marina's scent.

"I can't believe you're still going," Baeden said to her. "We really do have to move on..."

"Mmm, I'm almost done," Marina breathed. "Have a pee as well while I'm at it." She leaned back in the grass and stared at Baeden.

He smiled at her and quickly undid his drawstring. "I'm not desperate, but while I have the chance..." She watched as his manhood came free of his pants. She was slightly surprised to see that it wasn't hard like it always was when Baeden watched her do this, but she figured it made sense under the circumstances. When he was in survival mode, not much else got through to him. He exhaled as he released what he had, letting it flow down the hill to join with Marina's massive puddle. He was finished twenty seconds later, just as Marina's last drop came out of her as well.

"You're going to have to help me up, my legs are weak and I can't feel my belly," Marina said. The Prince stood up and reached out, pulling the wobbly girl to her feet. They made their way back to the horse and mounted up, and Marina felt so different now that she'd had her relief. They were on their way to freedom, to their own life. "Where are we going?" she asked the Prince.

"There's a town called Great Oak, two hundred and twenty miles south of Lunambra. That is where we are headed. Gaston will follow us as far as feet will carry him. Nowhere in England will be safe for us. He will lead Lunambra to war against every Kingdom, every city, every run-down village, and he will tear every one of them apart until he finds us."

"So what safety is there in Great Oak?" Marina asked. Every word Baeden said about Gaston made her more terrified of the man. Baeden spoke of him as though he were a force of nature, a violent storm that was capable of wiping cities off the face of the Earth. His reasons were unknown to her, but it was obvious that the General was the one man in the world that Baeden was afraid of.

"Hmm," Baeden grunted. "Great Oak itself offers no safety. The safety rests in what spans behind Great Oak. Have you ever seen the ocean, Marina?"

"What are you talking about?" Marina stammered. "The ocean is just a bedtime story. At the ends of England, you reach the edge of the Abyss. I've read about it."

Baeden had to squint and bite his lip to keep from turning and laughing in her face. He shook his head and leaned back against her. "The ocean is very real, Marina. The world is round, it is massive, and England is far from the only place on it. The rivers we've swam in all flow to and from the vastness of the ocean, every drop of rain comes from and returns to the ocean, some way or another. Everything you drink, everything you piss out, all begins and ends with this Earth's oceans. We're going to the docks at Great Oak, we're going to find a ship, find a crew, and we are going to cross the water south. We are going to the European mainland."

