Nikki had the day off work and was home alone. It was a warm summer day and Nikki was wearing one of those long flowing gauze skirts that you twist after you wash it. She was also wearing a cute little white t–shirt that showed off her tan tummy. She wore nothing on her feet because she liked to feel to cool floors when she walked around the house.
It was a little after noon and Nikki was relaxing on the couch reading a book. As was her habit, she had already had quite a lot of liquid to drink– orange juice with breakfast, a large tea, and several glasses of water.
Nikki's reason for constantly sipping water was not only for the health benefits, but also because of a little fetish she had. Nobody, but her lover, Tyler, knew that having a full bladder was a turn on for her. The more Nikki had to pee the hornier she got. Tyler didn't mind this at all, especially since it was only him that reaped the benefits of her insatiable need for sex after she filled herself up. They had spent many mind blowing hours experimenting with what turned her on the most and what sent her over the edge into a moaning, screaming orgasm. Sex for them was always new and exciting.
The phone rang and when she answered it, Nikki was surprised and delighted to hear Tyler's voice on the other end.
"Hi, Baby, how is your day going?"
"Fine. What's up?" Nikki responded.
"I just wanted to call and say I love you."
Nikki smiled, happy to have found such a wonderful mate. They spent a few minutes chatting. Just hearing his voice turned her on– and the fact that her bladder was beginning to make itself known to her added to her excitement. She even slipped her hand between her legs a few times and gave herself a squeeze.
Then, just as they were about to say goodbye, Tyler whispered, "Hold it for me, Nikki, until I get home."
The very words caused her to squeeze her legs together in anticipation and sexual desire. Her next words were breathless, "But I have to go now. What if I can't wait?"
"Wait for me, Nikki. Be a good girl and don't wet your panties. Don't pee till I get home and I tell you that you can."
When she hung up, her heart was pounding with excitement, and her pussy was swollen with desire. She could barely contain herself. To get a second of relief she put her hand over her skirt and pushed it into her crotch. She closed her eyes and moaned with pleasure and need.
A moment later she began to wonder if she could hold it until Tyler got home. Her tummy was already a bit distended from all the water she had had earlier. She pulled her skirt up and rubbed her hand over her abdomen. When she pressed she felt the sweet pain that caused a sexual tingle to run through her pussy. She knew that if she continued to focus on her filling bladder that she would end up playing with herself until she came, probably wetting herself in the process. She decided she needed to do something to take her mind off her need to pee. A little baking might do the trick.
She made some zucchini bread from an over–large zucchini from the garden. She was correct in thinking that the activity would help her to hold her pee. She had kind of put her need into the back of her mind, but as she poured the batter into the pan, she noticed she was continuously bouncing her right leg up and down. When she consciously stopped bouncing her leg, she found herself squeezing her legs together and bending her knees in an attempt to control her urine. She could feel her pee hole clenching hard. She knew she was not far from having an accident. So far her panties were dry, but now she knew there was no way for her to hold it all in until Tyler got home. She was desperate.
Nikki minced her way to the oven and slid the loaf pan inside. She quickly closed the door and grabbed her crotch.
"Oh, no!" She cried aloud, "I can't hold it. I'm going to piss in my panties!"
Not only was she about to wet, but also she was very close to having an orgasm. The feel of her own warm hands squeezing and rubbing through her skirt and panties, and even the sound of her own breathless words, were sending her closer and closer to the edge.
She let go of herself with one hand and picked up the phone; thankful that Tyler's cell number was on speed dial. There would have been no way for her desire–fogged mind to remember it.
The phone on the other end began to ring. "Oh, pick up, pick up!" Nikki begged, as she desperately twisted one leg around the other and bounced up and down.
On the third ring, he did. "Hi, Nikki, what's up? It's only three."
"You have to let me pee." She begged. "I can't hold it!!"
She was nearly crying, but Tyler could tell she wasn't as upset as she sounded. There was a throaty quality to her utterances that let him know she was craving sexual release even more than bladder release.
"Nikki, have you been a naughty girl? Feel your panties for me and tell me if you tinkled in them."
Nikki did as she was told. She lifted her skirt, spread her legs a bit and reached between her legs. As she gently slid her fingers over the lips of her vagina through her panties, it happened. She couldn't help it. A little pee leaked out and dampened her pink bikinis.
"Oh, Oh, I couldn't help it." She said into the phone; her eyes squeezed shut. "I peed a little."
"Nikki, you naughty girl! Now, do as I tell you. OK?"
"Yes, I promise."
"OK. Go outside."
Nikki followed his directions, walking carefully in an attempt to avoid loosing control before getting outdoors.
She was happy she lived out in the country, because after she stepped out behind the house, Tyler told her, "Lift your skirt up around your waist."
Nikki struggled to hold onto the phone and lift her skirt without releasing the hand that was pressed against her pee hole through her wet panties.
She gasped audibly, as a squirt of pee escaped her clutching fingers. This time there was enough to trickle down between her thighs causing them to shine in the summer sunshine.
"Nikki, hold it!" ordered Tyler, hearing her gasp.
"Oh, I can't, I can't. I'm going to pee!"
"Wait! Make yourself come first."
Nikki instantly shoved her hand down her panties, rubbing and moaning, bouncing and pressing her thighs together. It wasn't thirty seconds before she was screaming out as her orgasm overtook her.
"Oh, YES! Oh, YES! Oh, God. I'm coming, I'm coming."
And then, before her orgasm was half over...
"Oh, I'm peeing, I'm wetting. Oh, Oh, Oh, it feels so gooood!
Her pee, warmer than the sun, was cascading through her panties and down her legs, to puddle in the grass around her bare feet. Every time her orgasmic spasms hit her, more pee jetted from her, increasing the intensity of the orgasm.
As her screams slowly subsided, she could hear on the other end of the phone, with Tyler's breath coming quickly as he brought himself to his own orgasm while he listened to hers.
After a moment of recovery, Tyler said, "Feel better, darling?"
"Oh, yes. But I need you. I need you inside me. I want to feel you!"
"Not too much longer. Now, you be a good girl. Go into the house and clean yourself up. Then have some water." He paused, and then whispered, "And, Nikki, hold it for me."
To be continued...
By: Nikki