Title: Sarah's Story

By: Nodeh

"Sarah, what's wrong? You look as though you're pissed off about something."

"Oh, Alice. Since you're my best friend let me tell you what's going on."

Sarah motioned for Alice to sit next to her on her plastic-covered sofa.

"I'm so pissed at Bobby I could just spit! If he thinks he can just bed me, and wet me whenever he wants, he's got another think coming. I'm going to fix his meandering pisser once and for all."

Alice clasped her hands to her face, in genuine alarm. "You're not going to hurt him?!", she exclaimed.

"No. I'm just going to let him know that I'm the only one who can give him what he wants - the way he wants it. I want him for myself, and I'll be damned if I'm going to let him go cruising around for some other bitch!"

A few moments of silence passed by; Sarah leaned forward, tapping a finger against her cheek. All at once a broad smile lit up her face.

"I've got it!", she exclaimed.

"What, What? Tell me..." Alice said, anticipating something great was about to be revealed.

"I'm going to take him to the pub. I'm going to get him so loaded on beer until he feels that urge to pee. Then I'll lay a guilt trip on him - I'll tell him not to go to the toilet, but to take a walk with me instead."

"Yeah?" Alice said. "But what if he's got to pee really bad?"

"Oh, I know when to catch his call early."

Alice looked at Sarah's face and saw a gleeful look. "Well, Sarah, tell me. Whatca gonna do?"

"Well, he'll knowwhat I have in find, 'cause he likes to pee out-of-doors ... and anywhere else for that matter. He particularly likes it when we're fucking and he can release his 'total' load in me.

After a moment's pause, and some urging from Alice, Sarah continued with her thoughts to GET Bobby.

"I'm gonna take him over to Andrew's Woods. I know of a little clearing there. He like's cockrings, so I'll have one of the tightest ones with me. I'm gonna let him fuck me until he screams! Then and only then will I release the cockring and let him blow his load, and, empty his - definitely hurting bladder." "He'll love it so much he'll never want another woman but me, ever again."

"I'll let you know how all abou it tomorrow. I'm off! See you later, Aiice."

Sarah went to Bob's shop; caught him getting ready to leave right at closing time.

"Hey Bobby Baby. Let's go get a few brews. My treat. Whattaya say?"

"Sure, Sweetheart. You're looking pretty nifty tonight. I hope you got more than just a few beers on your mind."

Sarah let loose with a bit of a giggle and off they went to Lou's Bar and Grill.

Bobby managed to get through two pitchers of beer before his first mention of needing to take a pee.

Sarah was waiting for this moment. "Bobby, baby, don't pee here. Let's take a walk through Andrew's Woods. Nobody will be there this time of day. C'mon, Baby. Let's do one more pticher and then we'll go."

"Well." Aslightly tipsy Bobby said. "Sounding real good sweetheart."

With a smile on his face, Bobby hailed the waitress and ordered another pitcher. When the pitcher arrived he promptly started chugging it down ... from the pitcher ... "To hell with the glasses; I'm horney. let's drink this and go."

He finished the beer, they left for the Andrew's Woods.

They got to the spot Sarah had in mind without enountering anyone else. But! When they walked into the clearing they found it occupied by an incredably handsome young man. He was sitting on the ground, propped up against a tree. His jeans were pulled down just to where his cock and balls were exposed. His jeans were wet, and wet in a fashion that made it obvious he had peed in his pants.

Sarah and Bobby had been fondling each other on the walk to the spot and were in a similar state as the young man at that same moment. The three of them stared at each other for more than just a moment.

Bobby, who's own jeans were showing speckles of anticipation with an erect cock obviated under his slightly dampened jeans said "Oh, wow, dude. Didn't know you were here."

"That's O.K" The stranger volunteered. "You're both welcome to join me." He pointed to a nearby bush. There were several empty water bottles, and a couple of full one stashed there.

Sarah looked at Bobby with a lightening flash of though that this might be yet another way to get her revenge. If she could get Bobby to agree to joining this beautiful young man, she figured he was in his late teens, then she could really get Bobby good!

"Let's do it, Bobby, let's get it on with him."

Bobby looked for but a fleeting moment at Sarah and turned to stare at the young stranger.

"O.K., dude. You're on."

Sarah promptly sat next to the stranger and immediately started giving him head.

Bobby, staring at the young guy's faced watched as a set of full, wide and wet lips mimicking a sucking action. He released his hard dick from his tight, wet jeans and ...standing over the now very active Sarah... pushed it firmly between those begging lips. The stranger continued the sucking motion, but now it was for real.

Bobby said "I gotta pee really bad, but I want to cum first". "Are you gonna take my cum?"

"You bet" was the utter heard from the still sucking stranger.

As Bobby was sucked and pumped harder the said "I'm gonna have to pee immediately after I cum. Do you want that, too?"

"Sure." The stranger spoke after releasing Bobby's cock enough to talk. "But you got to let me do the same to you" ...a short pause... "But up your ass."

Sarah looked up to Bobby's face with a look that said 'that'll teach you to fuck around on me' and said "Go for it Bobby! You always said you wanted to try everything at least once."

Bobby agreed. The sucking continued until Bobby could take it no more. He released his load with a squeal that reverberated around the clearing. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming" he shouted. Then, in an instant, he commenced releasing his too-full bladder down the strangers throat. The sound that could be heard now was a continuous gulping sound. Bobby must have let a gallon go into the strangers welcom mouth.

The stranger, by this time, was getting close to cumming in Sarah's mouth. She released her grip and, pulling Bobby down to the ground said "O.K. Bobby. It's time for your part of the bargain. ON YOUR KNEES!"

Bobby readily obliged and the stranger put his throbbing cock against Bobby's asshole. Sarah put her hand around the strangers cock and jerked it back and forth until he started shooting his load. As his fountain of thick white spunk spew forth she directed the head of his cock inside Bobby's asshole. The stranger roared with orgasmic pleasure so loud the birds took to wing. "I'm cumming!" "Ohhhhhhh"! And then Bobby's back arched because he suddenly felt a warm steady torrent of something that was lasting too long and becoming quite filling to be just cum.

The stranger was filling Bobby's ass with what was in those empty water bottle under the bush.

Bobby started moaning and felt his own cock suddenly become totally erect again. Sarah saw Bobby's cock stiffen and pushed her head between his legs to take it in her jmouth. Bobby, seeing Sarah's pantied pussy under his face leaned down and started sucking and licking those lips pushing against her white cotton panties. He felt himself cumming as the stranger continued to piss and at that very same moment, Sarah went into convulsions of deslight with her own incredable orgasm.

Sarah relaxed her sphincter and since she was lying on her arched back her pee shot straight up into space. Bobby quickly opened his mouth over her stream and at the same time started peeing in her already cum-filled mouth.

The stranger relaxed. Totally emptied. The three of them remained silently in place as they relaxed into tumescense.

As they extricated themselves from each other and relaxed on the ground, Bobby released a happy sigh. "Oh my God" he said. "I;ve never had a dick up my ass before. I've never even thought of some guy peeing in my ass."

Sarah pitched in "Well, Mr. Pisser, now hyou know what it's like go get the 'au natural' enema." "I hope you've learned your lesson! I'm not gonna do this anymore with you if you don't stop playing around on me!

"You two been having a tiff?" The stranger finally speaks.

Bobby speaks before Sarah can open her mouth "We were. Sarah want's me just for herself." He looked for a long moment at Sarah, who, at this point remained non-responsive while trying to study the look on Bobby's face. Bobby goes on to say "I've found something you can't do for me, Sarah." He turned to squarely face the stranger. "What's your name?" he asked.

"My name is James. I aims to please" he responded, with a coquettish emphasis on the 'james' and 'aims' in his words.

"James..." Bobby paused then continued, "james, wanta come over to my place and have a few brews?"

"Sure" James replied. He stood up and pulled his snug jeans up to his waist. The crotch and inseam were soaked from his earlier pee session when he was running solo.

"That looks really cool, James."

"Try it, you'll like it" James advises Bobby.

Bobby, fastening his own pants says "Sarah filled me with so much bear that I still need to pee some more." 

James, taking a healthy swig off his water bottle, said "O.K., let's go. We can pee as we walk."

Bobby and James head for the path as Bobby startes releasing the last of his current bladder load into his pants. The spot warmly spreads across this crotch and starts to run down his inseam. Boggy let's out a groan - just as though he were having another orgasm. He and James smiled at each other and walked out of the clearing.

"HEY!" Sarah shouted, "what about me?"

Bobby paused, looked back at Sarah who was standing there bareassed wjhile wringing out her piss-soaked panies. "You know where I live. James and I are going to get better acquainted. I can't get this wonderful warm nector of the gods from your pussy like I can his dick."

"See you later, sweetheart." The 'sweetheart' part of that untterance sounded like no term of endearment Sarah had ever heard before.

Bobby and James dissappeared down the path. Sarah stood there for a moment, not truly comprehending what she had just heard. Suddently the loosed a scream that probably shattered more than just a few widows around the Andrew's Wood's literals.

"My revenge was for his going after other women; just what the hell am I gonna do about another man?"

Another spine-tingling scream ensued. Perhaps even Alice heard this last one.

