3 Days

Posted ny Mdrc on June 4th, 2011 at 5:25PM

Ok so. This friend of mine who I will call Brianna was about 13 at the time... Her mother sent her to her first summer camp. It was off in one of the carolinas I think. Well she had a thing against public restrooms, and certainly DESPISED latrines/porta-potties. It was a 1 week camp, her mother thought that wouldn't be too long for her to be without her (not knowing of her daughters bathroom habits) well brianna set off on her trip determined to hold it for all 7 days till she got home to her familiar toilet facilities. 

Day 1:

After the Sunday night meal, having drank as little as possible she wakes up. Gets dressed, and goes to breakfast... Everything is fine, she doesn't even feel the urge to go at all. She doesn't eat at breakfast, as is her routine, she's like me, doesn't like to eat when she first wakes up.

She goes about the days activities, not minding the minimal pressured building up in her bladder. After all, she's used to holding it all day through school, until she's ready to go to bed at night. Lunch and dinner go by, again her drinking as little as possible, staying away from the apple cider they had available. Before bed, she takes a longing look at the bathroom and heads off to bed saying, "i can do this!"

Day 2

She wakes up, with her hand unknowingly down her panties, not squeezing hard, but there none the less. She gets dressed, and goes through the same days routine, no breakfast, barely anything to drink and so on. As the day goes on however, she finds it more and more difficult to sit still during the various activities. Luckily she did not have to set NEAR the lake, where swimming sports were available. Once again she went to bed after thinking about the bathroom and all the relief it would bring, only this time she goes to bed, legs crossed, hand in crotch and squirming slightly... She makes it through e night however, without much sleep.

Day 3:

She wakes up very early. Unable to attempt sleep any longer, her fingers ache forms squeezing her now throbbing pee hole. Syhe had tried to masturbate during the night to get her mInd off it, only to nearly lose control halfway through.. She gave up needless to say.... So she wakes quietly, dresses in silence, removing her hand from her crotch only to change her panties and get into her short shorts. She could not stop squirming at this point, even WITH her hand not on her crotch but down her pants and pressed up against her most delicate parts...

She stood outside her bunk house, pacing back and forth, trying to figure out how to cope. She sat through breakfast, and put minds over matter to make it through the day without anyone figuring out her predicament. Lunch and dinner come and go, without hear drinking a single drop. At last comes lights out, where she is made to go to bed and lie down, instead of sitting on her heal sewing to keep her mind completely off her bladder. The night was UNBEARABLE she tossed and turned, even sobbed a bit as she began to hurt. By morning she was shaking uncontrollably, silent tears dried on her face.

Morning of day 4:

No one was in doubt that she was in desperate need of the restroom now, the councilors asked her if she was alright, she squeaked a reply, and they let her be... UNTILL the first activity that is, when she lost her resolve

Activity 1:

She returns to her mind game, of not paying attention though this time, she kept a hand outside of her pants, but still pressing into her crotch.

Activity 2:

She's about to give up but decides against it, as the urge and pain subside slightly... Thinking she can make it.

Activity 3:

She's given up halfway through the activity, and her hand shoots into the air. Fighting off the now renewed pain in her bladder, and dry mouth from not drinking, she mumbles out a fairly well disguised pled for the restroom. She is denied. She sits in her chair rocking back and forth in the fetal position, BOTH hands now in her crotch, sweating profusely . The third activity ends, and she is nearly done too. The instructor dismisses the class to go to lunch and she bolts. Not just runs, BOLTS to the mess hall, where the nearest toilets were. Halfway there a spurt escapes, she shoves her fingers nearly IN to her pee hole trying to stop the flow as she runs. She reaches the bathroom just in time to see a girl take the last open stall.

She's openly crying now, the pain becoming unbearable, she looks frantically around, desperate for relief, just anything. The only option open to her was the sink.

Without a moments hesitation, she climbs onto it just as she begins to lose control, leaving a growing wet spot on her shorts, she rips them down, not caring about the onlooking girls waiting in line and begins her task of fully releasing her aching muscles.

She told me this was the MOST painful thing she had ever experienced, having held it for nearly 3 and a half DAYS...

She came as she reached the end of her turmoil, a very delayed response from Two nights ago.

This was a true story, but I garnished it a little, for both my, and your enjoyment ;DVote up! 3

