Claire wanted to get to bed early that night because tomorrow was her first day working as in intern for WXTC, a local television station. And after four years of college she wanted nothing more to work as a T.V reporter, and this was finally her chance to get into the business. She thought she had an edge up over some of the hundreds of other girls that always wanted the job because of her looks. She was really striking; 5'6, 125 lbs, very full, slightly curly light brown that flowed past her shoulders, slightly pale but it suited her. And a body to match with a very cute full butt, but still very firm and trim and perky B cup breasts. So, Claire got ready for bed by putting on a soft light blue tight t–shirt and a pair of cute red booty shorts that said "FLIRT" across the butt. Claire woke up from sound sleep and suddenly jolted awake with an urgent need to pee. "Oh my god" she muttered urgently under her breath worried that she was going to have an accident. She sat there for a second just trying to adjust to being awake, and hoping not to leak when she got out of bed. Then quickly threw off her covers and quickly walked to the bathroom, trying to keep her posture perfect in and prevent any leaks. When she got to the door of her bedroom she felt her bladder spasm, jammed her hands in her crotch and stood up straight, while a short 1 second spurt escaped her and slightly wet her light blue cotton bikini panties. She took a gasp of air, and continued walking down the hallway to the bathroom, after about 5 steps she felt another small burst of urine hit her underwear, feeling the warmth against her. Claire just grabbed her crotch and powered forward, finally reaching the bathroom door, but having a slightly larger bladder spasm, wetting her red booty shorts for two seconds, this time making a quarter sized wet patch. She crossed her legs, bent forward, and starting to let out a slow trickle of pee out, which ran down her toned right thigh, leaving a trail on her shorts. She quickly yanked down her shorts and panties in one motion and flung her butt onto the toilet seat, releasing her full bladder into the toilet. Claire moaned softly to herself, embarrassed at the fact that she had just wet pants a little at 23 years old. Realizing that she wouldn't have time to go back to bed before she had to go her first day as an intern at the station, she threw her slightly wet clothes in the hamper, and got in the shower.
After the shower, Claire returned to her bedroom to get dressed for her first day of work, still a little shaken that she just wet her pants for the first time since her senior year of high school when she had that humiliating accident in her jeans during a Spanish test. She knew just what to wear for her first day, a pair of extremely tight light grey pants which showed off her perfect butt, a matching blazer over a light blue button down shirt which showed off just a hint of cleavage. Claire looked in the mirror "perfect" she thought, professional but still sexy, especially loving the way her ass looked in these pants. Now she was off to grab a quick coffee before meeting her trainer for the 3 month long paid internship.
She arrived at the station for the first time, a smaller building then she imagined, and quite unspectacular, but it was located right downtown, in the heart of where everything was happening. She stepped off the elevator onto the 3rd floor, very nervous but pleasantly surprised how nice the offices were, with an open pit of roughly 35 workers, surrounded by a wall of offices. She began to walk up to the receptionist, a pretty blonde dressed smartly, but was intercepted by a man in his 40's "hi, you must be Claire Woolson," he said.
"Oh hi, yes I am, and you must be Steve Harrison, my internship advisor, it's a pleasure to meet you" Claire said excited and nervous at the same time. "Come on I'll show you around the facility and introduce you to some people" Claire nodded "yeah that would be great" she responded to smiling.
Steve was showing her around the office, nothing out of the ordinary, when Claire quickly locked eyes with a very cute young reporter walking bye, he smiled at her, and she shyly said "hi" tucking her hair behind her ear. "oh that's Nick, he's one of our field reporters, you'll actually be shadowing him today" said her trainer Steve.
Claire was starting to feel the pressure on her bladder from the coffee earlier, nothing major, but before she could ask where the bathrooms were she was ushered off to meet Nick before he left for assignment.
"Hi you must be Claire, I'm Nick I understand you'll be shadowing me today" she politely responded, and engaged in chit chat on their way down to his car in the parking lot, but all Claire could think about how hot this guy was.
Claire was feeling her bladder build up a little bit in the car, but figured she could hold it in, and felt a little embarrassed about confessing to Nick she need to pee. "so what's this story that were going to be doing?" asked Claire trying to engage in conversation. "oh, it's not the most exciting thing in the world, it's just a soft news piece about this elderly couple who have owned their own business for the past 65 years and are finally retiring, sorry it's not Watergate or anything" said Nick. "oh no, it actually sounds kinda cute, I don't mind doing soft news stuff" said Claire, growing a little more aware of here bladder.
They arrived at the site, where she helped nick set up the camera for the story, and then watched eagerly as Claire watched him interview the couple. Halfway through the interview Claire felt her bladder fill up even more, and began shifting her weight back and forth, while keeping her eyes open for a nearby bathroom. Once they were finished shooting the piece, they packed up their equipment and walked out of the building. Claire noticed a bathroom sign on the way out, but still didn't feel comfortable enough to tell this cute guy she needed to pee, it just didn't seem professional she thought.
When the two got back to the car, Nick seemed to notice Claire fidgeting a little, but didn't say anything. Claire noticed him looking a little bit, and gave an awkward smile. The rest of the ride back the two engaged in chitchat, talking about the process of making a news package like this, and Claire's career goals. After driving for a while though, they seemed to hit a traffic jam, and Claire became more aware of her desperation tightly crossing her right leg over her left one.
Sitting in traffic, the conversation between the two seemed to die down a little as they were sitting in traffic for nearly an hour, and didn't know one another all too well yet. And Claire began to tap her left foot, with her legs still crossed. "Nervous for your first day" asked Nick. Claire looked over, slightly embarrassed that he noticed her fidgeting, but not wanting to reveal her need to pee she lied saying "saying I guess I'm just a little anxious." "Don't worry, you'll do great, and a girl as attractive as you should have no trouble making it on air" said Nick calmly. Claire bushed a little bit and nodded.
When they eventually got back to the office, Claire wanted to make a quick dash to the restroom; however Nick just led her to the editing computer where they could go over the footage together. "Damn it" she thought to herself, looking over her shoulder at the bathroom sign. The editing room was really warm, and Nick took off his jacket and folded over the back of a chair. "You can take your jacket off and get comfortable if you want" he told Claire. Claire smiled and did the same with her jacket, while Nick quickly glanced down at her butt in those tight grey pants as she did so.
As they sat there going over the footage, Claire crossed and uncrossed her legs, and shifted in her seat, now thinking about her bladder every few seconds. Again, Nick noticed her fidgeting "are you uncomfortable or something" nick asked. Claire, turning a little red, and embarrassedly admitted she needed to use the bathroom. Nick chuckled a little inside, and pointed to where the bathrooms were located. Claire got out of her seat, and as she was standing up, felt the tiniest spurt release into her pink, satin panties. Claire made a face as this happened, but not wanting to show any signs of anguish she quickly walked down the hall to where the bathrooms were. When she reached the stall she felt another tiny spurt wet her panties, although not noticeable on her pants, there was a definite wet patch on her panties "god what is happening to me lately" she thought to herself as she finished off a powerful minute long stream into the bowl.
************************************************************************
That night she got ready for bed– putting on a pair of pink pajama pants, which looked pretty cute on her, rising low enough to show a little bit of her boy–short panties, and tight enough to cling to her ass a little, with a white tank–top on top. The next morning she woke up to the sound of hissing, with a warm feeling around her crotch and butt. She sat up puzzled for a moment, before she realized what was happening. "oh fuck" she muttered as she quickly jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom still peeing. There was already a dinner plate sized wet patch on her left butt cheek where she was laying down, and the inside of her left thigh had a growing streak as she ran to the bathroom, and yanked down her pajama's and panties in one motion, and finished off in the toilet. "God what is happening to me" she whimpered to herself, humiliated that she just wet the bed.
She didn't have time to sulk though; she still had to be at her prestigious new internship soon, and needed to get ready. So she went through her morning routine, jumper in the shower, tied her thick brunette hair into a messy pony tail and put on a very smart business suit consisting of a pair of skin tight black slacks, matching blazer and a white top. She wanted to look professional, because Nick had told her the other day that she would be conducting an interview that morning about the local real estate market with the head of the City Housing Department.
She got into her used green Toyota, and staring to drive to the location where she would meet Nick for the interview. She realized that she was running slightly early and relaxed. Jenny had brought a large bottle of water with her, sipping it down in traffic, getting suddenly nervous as she realized that her first professional interview was getting near. Thankful for the extra strength deodorant that was so far doing its job; she glanced out the window, wondering how she'd do. As she navigated the morning traffic, she mindlessly drank almost the entire bottle of water out of nervousness before she realized it, and was soon at her destination, a large office tower. Claire grew increasingly nervous as she got closer and started talking herself down, trying to calm her nerves. She got out of the car, and scanned the parking lot, and smiled inwardly when she saw him waiting by the front door. As soon as her shoes hit the pavement she realized she needed to use the bathroom before the interview. The morning coffee and water was starting to make their way to her bladder, and her nerves weren't helping any. "First thing, bathroom," Claire thought to herself, not wanting a repeat of yesterday.
Claire caught up with Nick at the door "ready for the interview" said Nick cheerfully. "Yeah I'm excited for it" she responded nervously. "You'll be great, just think of it as a conversation" Nick said.
Claire strolled through the lobby and looked around, the Housing Directors office was on the 3rd floor, searching for a restroom, but found none. Claire whispered to Nick that she needed to find a bathroom before the interview, Nick looked at his watch "we don't have time, you'll just have to wait til' afterward" and the Two continued to reception. A younger and somewhat nervous but nicely dressed girl sat quietly behind the desk, softly speaking into the phone as muted sounds of a busy office emanated from the locked doors around her. Claire looked at her and realized it must have been some high school senior working on an internship or something that would explain the way she looked slightly uncomfortable in business clothes. The girl's skirt was a bit short for business, Claire thought, noticing that the girl's black miniskirt showcasing a decent set of legs that grew a little larger near the thigh. A pretty girl, Claire thought, with nice black hair and a cute smile. The girl was on the phone so Claire stood there until the girl was off the phone and then politely introduced herself. The receptionist glanced up at the two of them. Claire's bladder talked to her again, and Claire realized she needed to definitely use the bathroom before the interview, and she stood anxiously as Nick was explaining to the receptionist what they were there for. "Yes, Mr. Schueler will be out shortly, if the two of you just want to take a seat," said the pretty receptionist. Claire nodded and took a seat.
Before long the large door next to the receptionist opened wide and a dark haired man, older, maybe fifty, came out with a smile on his face. "Hi. My name is Mr. Schueler. Please come in," he beckoned in a deep baritone voice. Claire put on her best smile and stood up, noticing Nick was remained seated, "aren't you coming" she asked Nick. But he responded "No, I want you to try it alone, don't worry you're a natural. Claire grew even more nervous now knowing she had to do it alone, but she walked confidently up the older man, trying not to think about how badly she needed to pee. Once inside the office, she quickly glanced around, hoping to see a restroom she could somehow escape to but instead she saw a large window office with shelves of manuals on one side and a large picture window with an expansive view of the city behind a large oak desk. No bathroom was in sight, and Claire realized that she would have to control herself, the interview was too important to her and she wasn't going to seem like a desperate little schoolgirl asking to use the bathroom. She was 23 now, a degree in hand, and she had to act like the business professional she wanted to be. But she had to pee quite badly, her nervousness making her need to pee so much worse and the amount of water and coffee she had drunk made it difficult for her to feel comfortable. She had no choice. She had to make do the best she could. Her bladder pulsated again, desiring release. Claire certainly had to use the bathroom now, and it would have been so nice if she could have gone before the interview, but that wasn't to be. She'd have to hold it in, no matter what.
"Hi Mister Schueler, thank you very much for agreeing to this interview– I'm sure you're a very busy man and I'm appreciative of the opportunity to come talk to you," Claire replied, speaking her best English, smiling her best smile. She tugged at the pant leg of her tight black suit and she say across the desk from him. He moved his chair from behind his desk to the side so he would seem less threatening. In truth it was because he found the candidate incredibly attractive. Claire turned to face him, desperate to use the bathroom but focused on doing her best. Surely the interview wouldn't last that long and she could escape and somehow, somewhere find a bathroom to relieve the ocean of pee building inside her poor size 5 body. She needed to pee SO badly and she secretly hoped this would be over soon.
So, what are the implications of– of this constant easing and stimulation? You know, it– it seems the numbers are so mind boggling Claire asked, forgetting about her need to pee momentarily.
"The consequences are you get boom and bust. You– stimulate in '91. You let it get out of control. You have this colossal tech bubble in '99. Sixty–five times earnings for the– for the growth stocks. Then you have an epic bust. Then, of course, they're panic struck. They race back into battle with immense stimulus with negative real rates for three years..."
Claries bladder started to twinge, and she felt, for the first time that morning, a strong surge of pressure move through her abdomen as her bladder signaled an emergency. Jenny now needed to urinate much worse than before, bad enough that normally in any other situation she would be making a dash to the bathroom to relieve the torrent of pee inside of her. At the interview, however, that was not an option. She fidgeted on her chair slightly, sucking her belly in trying to think past the wave of pee pressure that overtook her momentarily. It passed, but the stinging sensation inside of her remained. Jenny was quite desperate, needing to pee SO badly, and the interview was just beginning.
Maybe talking would take her mind off her screaming bladder. "Interesting point, Mr. Schueler– where are the solutions then, if not this? What do you think ought to be done? She asked.
"I think the Fed is not designed– to have effective tools to deal with the economy. It should settle for just controlling the money supply. And– if it insists, it can worry about inflation. The way you address a weak economy, particularly very substantial excess unemployment is through fiscal policy. You must either bribe man– manufacturers, corporations to hire people who have been unemployed, which they did in Germany. A lot of economists think that's perfectly effective."
Claire nodded, glad to finally be delving into the topic. It helped take her mind off her body's intense needs. She asked "what should the federal government be doing"... she abruptly paused and but her lip slightly while crossing her legs as she felt a wave of pressure. "I'm sorry" Claire continued "I mean, the housing industry, for example, missing in action. What is it going to take to get housing moving again? What is it going to take to get businesses hiring again?
"Great question" said Mr. Shueler "I think the Federal Reserve has– is in a very strong position to move against bubbles. Bubbles are the most dangerous thing– asset–class bubbles that come along."
Claire could barely concentrate on what he was saying. Her legs were crossed tightly and she was tapping her foot nervously trying to keep her bladder from leaking anything.
He continued..."They're the most dangerous to investors. They're also the most dangerous to the economies of– as we have seen in Japan and in 1929 and now here. You've got to stop them."
As he was wrapping up the question, Claire felt a wave of pressure overtake her, and she let go the smaller spurt into her white cotton panties. She bit her lip and sprung up in her seat as she noticed the too familiar warmth down there. "Well I'd just like to thank you taking this time with me" she said very nervously, looking like she about to cry. "No problem, and don't be so nervous you did a fine job young lady" Mr. Schueler responded. Claire was just thankful that he had thought she was nervous, not that she was on the verge of wetting herself in front of him. She shook hands and Claire began to sit up. As she did so, she felt another one second burst trickle out of her, and warm her thigh.
As quickly as she could she walked out of his office, "oh excuse me" said Mr. Schueler. "What now" Claire thought to herself as she bent her knees and flung around her body "yes" she said with a fake smile. "You forgot your notebook" He responded. Claire smiled and hobbled over to him, and as she did so feeling a slightly longer spurt of pee, maybe 3 seconds, fill her white cotton panties. "Thanks" she said with a look of anguish as she grabbed the folder and then turned around making a bee line for the bathroom. She went speed walking past the cute receptionist, who gave her an awkward look, followed by a fake smile when they made eye contact. As Claire's backside was facing her, the receptionist thought she could see a small stain on the butt of her tight black pants. And starred, shocked as it was clear this extremely beautiful girl was about to have an accident.
Claire flung the door to the bathroom open, and as quickly as she could, dropped her pants and panties, and started peeing forcefully into the toilet. She finished up, and sat on the toilet on the verge of tears as she examined her soaked panties, and noticing a palm sized wet patch on her butt. "thank god I was wearing black today" she thought to herself, as she stripped off her panties and threw them in the trash, the pulled her pants back on washed her pants and walked out of the bathroom as confidently as possible while holding the notebook in front of tight butt to hide any signs of what happened.
Nick stood up as she came out, "how did it go?" he asked. "Oh it went pretty well, I got some good info out of him" she said calmly, now that she had some time to compose herself. "I knew you'd be great" said Nick as the two went into the elevator and down to the parking lot. Nick Smiled as her "I guess I'll see you on Monday then" he said. Claire tucked her hair behind her ear and responded "yeah that would be great" Incredibly grateful that he didn't seem to notice the stain on her butt. Claire got back in her car, sighed deeply, and put her head back on her headrest, just happy to get out of there relatively dry and thankful for the weekend to be here.
************************************************************************
The following morning Claire woke up late, around 11:00, and felt something strange to her. She felt cold and damp, but couldn't place what it was in her groggy state. She felt the crotch of her sweatpants and couldn't tell what that dampness was from. "Oh my god" is finally hit her, she wet the bed again, and this time she didn't even wake up from it. Scared to remove the blankets, she closed her eyes and slowly peeled back the covers. She was absolutely drenched. Her grey sweatpants we saturated with urine all throughout her butt, her crotch, and completely drenching her left leg. Even the left side of her white tank top was stained and damp halfway up to her armpit. The mattress had a four foot wide puddle of urine soaking it. Claire grimaced when she realized what happened. She slowly got out of bed, removed her soaked pants and panties, and began to strip the bed and put it in the wash. Once she was cleaned up, she put on a skin tight pair of dark blue jeggings style Levi jeans, and an old tight college T–shirt that read Maryland across the chest. Claire decided that she could use a pick–me–up so she called her best friend Sarah for a shopping trip.
Claire grabbed a bottle of water for the road and headed off to the local shopping mall. She met Sarah at the mall entrance; she was definitely a stunner, 5'4 130 lbs, curvy with C breasts. Very trendy looking, with choppy layered, blonde hair which flowed down to her shoulders and dressed in a pair of black skinny jeans a blue top and black vest that showed off a nice little bit of cleavage. The two hugged each other and started catching up about guys they used to date, and what they were doing at work. They were in a store looking through a rack of blouses when Claire started to feel a need to pee. "Hey Sarah, I need to find a bathroom, when I can" Claire asked. "Oh okay, I'll be here still looking around" Sarah said. Claire left the store and into the main part of the mall where she walked up to a cell phone kiosk where a young woman, early twenties was working. "Excuse me" Claire said, putting her hand on the counter, and crossing her legs feeling her bladder fill quickly "do you know where the bathrooms are?" The girl responded "oh if you go down there, and take a left they will be on your left" "Thanks" said Claire and walking over to where the bathrooms were. When she got there she saw the janitor mopping the floor with a water bucket and a wet floor sign on the ground. Claire, feeling awkward interrupting moaned softly, bent her knees slightly and raised her left thigh in desperation before turning around back to the girl at the phone kiosk. "Hi, sorry, but the bathrooms were closed for cleaning are there any others in the mall?" The girl looked at Claire sympathetically, noticing her fidgeting "The only other ones are on the 2nd floor, if you go up the escalator and hug the left side of the walkway it should like 8 stores down." Claire walked away from the kiosk, seeing Sarah come out of the store with her purchases in hand "hey you ready to hit the next store?" Sarah asked. Claire bit her lip a little, "sure, I just still need to hit the bathroom first, but we need to go up a floor." "Oh that's okay, I kinda need to go too" said Sarah.
The two got to the bathrooms, when they noticed a very long line, maybe 15 people long waiting for the bathroom. Sarah, not nearly as desperate as Claire at this point said "oh, let's just wait until the line dies down, come on I could use some new work shoes." Claire reluctantly agreed.After a few minutes of looking at shoes, they each asked the shop girl, a 22 year old smartly dress red head dressed in a tight skirt and stylish white blouse, to go into the back and get some shoes for them to try on. Claire wiggled her butt back and forth and tapped her left foot while waiting for the cute store girl to come back. Sarah noticed this fidgeting "you okay Claire?" she asked. Claire slightly embarrassed "yeah I'm fine just need to pee." Just then the shop girl came back with the shoes, "here you go ladies, let me know if you need anything else."
Claire took out the pair of cute black high heeled shoes, slid off her flats, and as she bent forward to slip them on she froze in her tracks feeling a sudden urge come on, and a short spurt of urine hit her black thong.
"Hey Sarah, could you do me a favor, buy these for me shoes for me and I'll pay you back later, I really need to use the bathroom" Claire said worriedly.
"Yeah no problem, I'll meet you over there" said Sarah, aware of Claire's desperate need to pee.
Claire heads back over to the long line for the bathroom, noticing about 20 girls ahead of her. She tried to hide the fact she needed to pee, but it was getting harder. She was still about 20th in line, and she looks in front and behind her, no–one was really paying attention to her desperation. A short sharp bolt of pain shoots through her, but she manages to keep it inside. Wiggling her tight butt around, bending her knees up and down. She says, "Come onnn." Then two teenage girls start to notice how desperate she is, and giggle to themselves. Claire turns around and blushes embarrassed that these two teens know how badly she has to go. She didn't want to have to hold her crotch but it was getting so bad, and the thought of attracting attention, as she was getting more and more desperate wasn't something she wanted to do. But she did start dancing pretty fast. The pressure was really growing intensely with every passing minute. Wow, I'm really struggling, she thought to herself. Thoughts of not making it start entering her head, she was only 11 people behind the front of the line, it shouldn't be long now she thought, and as she looked back, she saw a good 15 people behind her too.
The pressure really was becoming too much. She felt this overwhelming urge suddenly come over her, and she fights it with all her strength, she's ok again, she has control for now. She had made it up to 10th in line now, although in a dire situation, so she was looking around, she really didn't think she could make it. If she moved she would bring attention to herself, so she stood in line, and just tried to hold on, her thighs grinding really hard and fast. So she stands there, dancing, in her head repeating, "Its ok, its ok, its ok!" Claire thought, but she really knew she wasn't going to make it, but she was really going to try. Then the person in the bathroom turned on the sink tap full blast to wash their hands. The sound of the running water aggravated Claire's situation, she thinks to herself, "Fuck you, Oh my God!" Then another surge, a gradual build up, lasting 5 seconds, peaked, that was it, a strong 2 second burst of pee rushed out of her, not only wetting her panties, but a small one inch wet circle appeared on her crotch. Still dancing, she was trying to hold on, and then her dancing came to a stop– whether she liked it or not, she was peeing herself. The two teenage girls behind her started snickering as they notice Claire straighten up. Claire just stands there, motionless, trying not to draw any attention to herself. She couldn't do it anymore, she let go a longer, strong five second burst and she let out a whimper and bent her left knee inward. The crotch of her panties already soaked, a six inch wet patch instantly appears on the crotch of tight skinny jeans, then the wet darkness spikes off down the contours of her jeans, starting by streaking down her left thigh that is still raised up, but as the puts her leg down it starts to flow towards the lower part of each of her butt cheeks. The warm wet and sudden gush forces a whimper out of her that causes the girls behind her to really watch and notice what was going on. "Oh my god" says one of the girls and points down at Claire's obviously wet butt.
Claire instinctively looks down and is stunned when she realizes damage. Not knowing what to do, Claire turns beat red and tried not to look at anyone, and then she just couldn't hold it anymore. Claire closes her eyes and opens her mouth as her bladder gives out. She can feel the warm pee run along her ass crack, soaking her panties completely, forcing its way around every little contour of her jeans, it pours down the back of her legs and down the front of her legs; the sound of a small hiss can be heard by everyone nearby. Claire's looks down at her crotch and notices the obvious damage already done and starts to tear up, just praying that one notices. Then the two teens behind her start bursting out laughing loudly, and everyone turns around. Huge wet trails run down her inner legs, spreading as every second passed torrents of dripping hot piss drips from the flare of her jeans, and onto the tiled floor into a puddle. She turns bright red– everyone is looking. Everyone is watching her piss herself like a little girl; she'd never been so embarrassed in her life. She tried to shrug it off, as if she wasn't pissing herself for a second, but she knew she couldn't hide the massive mess she was making. By this point, her jeans were pretty much completely wet, glistening, and dripping all over. Her piss was clinging to her ankles and heels and dripping from the hem of her pants. She was trying to be discreet about it, and not really forcing it out but letting it gently drip out, but now there really wasn't any point. The two girls behind her laughing, most people just starred in amazement at seeing this gorgeous 23 year old girl wet herself. Passersby took long looks in her direction, one guy pointed out to his friends what was happening, and she could hear one of them say "holy shit, she pissed her pants." Sarah rushed over to the sobbing Claire "It's okay sweetie, accidents happen, here take these bags and cover yourself up and let's get you home", putting her around her. Claire nods, still crying and walks out with her friend through the busy mall crying, with people starring, but trying not to look directly at her.
When Claire got home, she cleaned herself up, threw her clothes in the wash and showered. Then called to see if there were any appointments with a urologist, thinking she had a bladder infection or something. She was lucky when she found an open spot that same day an hour and a half from now.
************************************************************************
Claire sat in the doctor's office nervously waiting for the doctor to come in. And when she saw a handsome early 30–something doctor came in, her heart sank a little as she knew she had to explain her problem to this cute guy. "So what seems to be the problem Ms. Sloan? "You can call me Claire if you want" she said nervously. "What seems to be the problem" he repeated. "Well, the past few nights I've umm... sort of been... wetting my bed" she stammered out, and turning bright red, and also, earlier today ... umm, I had an accident in my pants" she spit out embarrassed. "I see", the doctor responded "how often is this happening?" Claire looked up, "well I've been wetting the bed for about 4 days, and this was my only major accident, although I've been experiencing more, umm... urgency than usual." The doctor seemed entirely un–phased by her case "well if we could get a urine sample from you, we'll call you with the results later today." "Do you think it's just a bladder infection?" Claire asked. "It's possible, it could be a number of things really, it could even be psychological, we won't know for sure until we get the results back," he responded "Psychological? What do you mean by that exactly?" Claire said puzzlingly. "Well some patients when they go through a lot of stress, it manifests itself in physical ways, have you been under any stress lately?" he asked. "Well, I just started a new internship, I suppose" Claire said in a questioning one of voice. "Well, we'll discuss treatment options once we know what were dealing with" the doctor hands Claire a cup for the urine test. "Thanks Doctor" she said taking the urine cup he handed her and proceeded to the bathroom. Once she was finished she handed the sample to the lab tech, smiled awkwardly and left for her apartment and to wait by the phone for the results.
She waited anxiously by the phone, bobbing her knees up and down in anticipation, hoping that it was a bladder infection so it's just a simple fix. "Ring... ring...ring" Claire took a deep breath "hello" she said. "Hi, this is Doctor Berger's I'm calling with your test results," "and" Claire said quietly, "it looks like there's nothing medically wrong with you" he said. Claire closed her eyes and sighed heavily, knowing that her recent wetting incidents are all in her head, and more importantly not knowing when they'll stop. Claire asked "so, what do you recommend then?" "Well," said Dr. Berger "since it's a psychological symptom, it should alleviate itself once whatever the route of it stops, most likely the stress of your new job." There was a bit of a pause, and then Dr. Berger continued "in the meantime, you may want to consider some sort of protection at night to help with the accidents." Claire cringed, and her heart sank when she heard this news, and mortified she asked "and by protection you mean..." Dr. Berger jumped in "protective underwear, or adult diapers, you should be able to purchase them at any medical supply store, or most grocery stores now." "Thanks doctor" Claire said and hung up the phone, humiliated by the fact that she has to wear a diaper to bed, or worse in the daytime.
Claire couldn't handle the embarrassment of purchasing them in a normal grocery store, so she headed down to a local medical supply store, where hopefully there would be less people and more understanding staff. She walked in face fully flushed, and walked over to the counter where a middle–aged woman was working. "Excuse me" Claire asked. "How may I help you" the woman asked very cheerfully. Very sheepishly Claire responded "I need to purchase some protective underwear" almost whispering. Still loud and cheerful "sure, what kind of protection do you need, do you have fecal or urinary incontinence." Claire looked over her shoulder, relieved by the fact that no one else was in the store "urinary I suppose." The woman walked over to the aisle where the adult diapers were located "so are you having daytime or nighttime accidents." Claire looking embarrassed for a moment "I've had trouble with bedwetting mostly," Claire said, "although I did experience an accident earlier today". The woman went on to say "Okay, well this is what I would recommend for bedwetting, it's the depends pull up disposable brief, it's a little more absorbent, and great for overnight use, and for the daytime you may want to consider the Tena pull–up style brief. It's not as absorbent, but it's fairly discreet so it's something to think about. Claire could handle wearing a diaper to bed, where no one would see her, but wearing a diaper during the day would be too humiliating, her butt was way too cute to hide behind anything other than panties and tight clothes. The grabbed what the lady recommended for night time and then proceeded to check out.
That night, Claire sat on her bed for 15 minutes starring at the un–opened pack of diapers before she could muster up the strength to put one on. She sighed deeply, slowly got up and starting to rip open the packaging, cringing at old woman on the cover. She slowly stripped off her jeans, and t–shirt, standing in her lacey pink lingerie. She took out one of the diapers and unfolded it, seeing for herself that it looked very similar to a baby's diaper. She shook her hands around, moaned and turned away for a second. She placed her hands on the waistband of her sexy pink panties, and stripped them off in one motion. She then grabbed the Depends pull up and slipped it on, and up her thighs, and feeling the bulky diaper between her legs. She looked at herself in the full length mirror, "oh my god I look like a fucking Rugrat" she thought to herself, turning around to check out her perfectly round big booty covered up by a diaper. She took comfort in the fact that this was most likely temporary, and that no one would ever have to know about this though.
The next morning she awoke feeling great, she was dry for the first time in a week. And then she remembered about the diaper, sure enough it was soaking wet. She sighed a little, but ultimately was just happy not to change her sheets.
And for the next week Claire made it through just fine by keeping close to a bathroom during the day to avoid any daytime accidents, and wearing the diapers at night to help control her bedwetting.
One morning Claire woke up to a wet diaper again, but at this point it was almost getting routine, she just stripped it off and threw it away and got cleaned up. For work that morning she decided to put on a pair of skintight light grey slacks which made her firm full butt look amazing, and a dark blue blouse, which showed off her cleavage just a little.
Claire grabbed a thermos of coffee and headed for her internship again. She went into the station that morning feeling confident, as she walked across the station floor she met eyes with Nick, and gave him a flirty smile and a wave, but he was on the phone so she decided not to pop in and say hello.
Claire started to go through her normal morning work routine, calling up leads to confirm quotes, and filling out mindless paper work. She was on hold trying to get a hold of someone to check a quote when she felt a very sudden urge to pee come on strongly. Claire crossed her legs, hoping that this wouldn't take long so she could sneak away to the bathroom to relieve herself. And then she heard a voice come on the other end of line "I'm sorry, he doesn't seem to be in right now, sorry to keep you waiting" Claire was relieved it meant she could make a quick dash to the bathroom. She didn't understand why her need to pee has been coming on quicker and quicker lately, she feels like after she notices she has to pee, she only has 20 min to find a bathroom before she starts to wet herself, but luckily there's a bathroom close by most of the time.
"Oh wait, that's him coming in now." said the receptionist at the other end of the phone. "Fuck" Claire thought to herself. "Do you mind waiting a little bit longer?" Claire looked over to the bathroom sign in desperation, uncrossed and re–crossed "No it's fine, take your time" Claire trying to be professional, but in reality she was thinking to herself "HURRY THE FUCK UP!" Another minute went by and Claire's situation was only getting worse, she couldn't stop fidgeting in her chair, and now her was clamped down on her crotch. Finally she heard a voice on the other end of the phone "sorry about the wait, how can I help you?" Claire's voice had a some desperation in it "I just need to check a quote that you gave yester..." and then Claire felt her bladder spasm, and a short strong one second burst of pee hit her cotton panties, and Claire froze for a second "sorry, umm yesterday..." and proceeded to go through the quote. Once she was done, she hung up the phone, her butt was already slightly out of the chair and she felt another short one second burst hit her panties. As she stood up to make her way to the bathroom she instinctively checked her crotch, but it was dry for time being. She was quickly making a beeline for the bathroom, completing ignoring everything other than that bathroom sign she felt a hand gently caress the small of her back. In shock she turned around, and as she did so involuntarily releasing a longer 3–second stream into her panties. This time she could feel the warmth spread down her right thigh, as she bent slightly and crossed her legs. There was now a fist sized wet spot on her tight grey pants, which just started to trail off to her right thigh. Claire was mortified to find it was Nick who had touched her. "Hey, where's the fire, I didn't get a chance to talk to you today." Claire looked blankly in his eyes, like a deer in the headlights, and turned bright red "sorry I really need to pee, can you give me one sec." She said awkwardly, and then another spasm hit her. A 3–second shot of pee again hit her underwear and Claire felt the warmth again hit her crotch, this time spreading both down her thigh and around the contours of her ass, and trickle down her leg. Nick looked down at Claire's crotch and started to giggle. Claire, in horror, looked down at her tight grey business pants and saw an open hand sized wet spot on her crotch, and a 3–inch trail coming off of it. "You should probably get to the bathroom," said Nick.
Claire had never been so embarrassed in her life, this incredibly cute guy just saw her pee her pants, and all she could do was look at him with her completely flushed face and race to the toilet. But her boss also just came around the corner "hey good both of you are here" he said. Claire thought to herself "you've got to be fucking kidding me" but instead put her hand in front of her crotch to block her wet spot from site and said "sorry I really need to go to the bathroom." Her boss didn't seem to take is as seriously as Claire did "don't worry this will just take a minute... I need the two of you..." Claire couldn't concentrate on anything he was saying, she couldn't focus on anything other than her aching bladder. She crossed her legs, and bit her lip, but it wasn't any use, she couldn't hold it anymore. Claire whimpered loudly "oh god" as she looked down she felt her bladder give out, and a warmth that started to spread around her crotch and travel up her butt, before trickling down her legs. She could feel her pants as they were getting heavier and becoming more and more saturated. Her boss looked at her "Claire, what's wrong?" and then looked down and clearly saw that his young intern was having an accident. Nick was trying to suppress laughing, while Claire's boss Mr. Schuler just starred in amazement at what was happening. Claire stood there sobbing as she emptied her bladder, her pants were soaked, a dinner plate sized wet patch appeared on her crotch, along with her bigger firm butt having a slightly larger wet patch. Her right thigh was drenched all the way down to her shoes, and her left still had a huge streak going down to halfway to her knee. Mr. Schueler just starred and said "oh my god Claire" but she just put covered her mouth with her left hand, and raised the palm of her right to say "don't" and walked away sheepishly. As she turned around she could her a laugh come out of Nick as he saw her wet butt for the first time. Claire made her way back her work station, and as soon as she hit the main open floor of employees she could feel all the eyeballs on her. Most people just starred awkwardly, although she heard one guy say "oh my god did she just piss her pants" and two women standing chatting and giggling to themselves about what had happened. Claire just powered through, grabbed her purse from her desk and walked out. As she was stepping outside the office area She could her someone calling her name. It was the receptionist Meagan, "Claire" she said in a whisper and then motioned her for her to come over. Claire, went around her large desk, so the whole office couldn't see her accident, and leaned into Meagan. "Claire, sweetie, what happened?" Claire, hair a mess, stopped crying, but still said in utter humiliation "I just couldn't hold it anymore, and then Nick came over and..." she started tear up again. Meagan looked sympathetically at her, brushed her back and said "It's okay, you're okay, accidents happen sometimes, you'll be fine." Claire mustered up a smile and left the office. Meagan pursed her lips together sympathetically as she saw how wet Claire's butt and legs were as she left the office.
************************************************************************
After she went home and cleaned herself up, Claire knew what she had to do, she had to go back to the medical supply store and purchase a daytime diaper. Claire went back to the medical supply store, luckily it was again empty, and the same middle aged woman was working there. She knew just what she needed, Tena pull up briefs, and she walked shaking over to the adult diaper aisle. She grabbed the pack, and headed over to checkout and smiled awkwardly at the cashier who clearly recognized her. However she could tell it was uncomfortable for Claire and just smiled back politely.
Claire went back to her apartment and almost immediately ripped open the pack of diapers. And at that moment became very upset, and almost began crying as she realized that she can no longer control her own bladder, and has to wear adult diapers, something she thought old ladies had to go through, not a hot 23 year old. She looked at herself in the mirror, admiring how her bigger but firm butt looked in her tight jeans. She tucked her hair behind her ear and took a deep breath. She carefully took off her tight jeans, followed by her lacey pink boy–short panties. She then took one of the Tena pull up's and slid in on between her legs. Claire stopped for a moment to look in the mirror again. These weren't as bulky as what she had been wearing at night, and from the front it wasn't sexy, but it was horrendous either, she thought at least the sides were thin and fit flesh on her hips. Her butt was would definitely be a little puffier looking. But she thought that it might not show through her pants at all as long as they weren't skin tight.
By: Pampers