So I've been talking to this guy for a long time on this game I play. Most people call it SL (second life). He has a fetish for forcing girls to hold their pee. I also have a fetish to see how long I can hold it in. I have since I was about 12 years old actually. I told him about it, and that my fetish was in real life, not just chat, or on line. So we started this...relationship. I have a schedule now, when I am allowed to relieve my self. This is my routine:
2 hours after I wake up. (Since my urge is most strong in the morning)
Then, if I am not at work, I must wait 6 hours. If I am working I must wait 4 (longer if I can).
Then, I am allowed to use it once more 1 hour before bed. If I stay up later than that hour I must hold it until I do go to bed.
No midnight bathroom breaks.
Drink plenty of water through the day.
If I disobey his rules I am punished with glasses of water and longer waiting times.
He is usually lenient with my fluid intake allowing me to monitor it my self.
We went for several months like this and sometimes we would play online and he'd force me to drink more water so he could hear how my bladder felt fuller than usual, pushing me to my limits. It feels so good when we play like that. I'm not allowed to cum though until I'm about to pee, on my scheduled times. This way the sensation stays arousing for me and doesn't turn into pain. He likes for me to be constantly aroused. I'm not complaining either. I love it.
About a month ago though we both decided it was time for me to fly out and visit him in person. He warned me though that things would be a little different with him there to watch me. I had no idea...
The day I got there he greeted me with open arms and jokingly he gave me a gift of a 24 case of 12 oz. bottles of water. I laughed and he looked a little more serious about it. Which both excited and worried me. He opened the package and gave me a bottle. They were chilled to my surprise! Then I noticed the cooler... duh.
Well I got in the car and promptly drank the bottle assuming we were near his house. Well... come to find out we were, in fact, 2 hours away from his house! No wonder he was smiling as I drank! As he informed me of this he pulled another bottle out of his jacket pocket. This one didn't feel chilled though, and it was opened. I looked at him. "Why is it open?" He said, "Well I was thirsty too, silly girl! I just think you need it more than I do. After all... We still have an hour and a half to go until we get to my place!" I just smiled and took his word for it, as I drank down the water as fast as I could to turn him on.
About 15 minutes later I noticed the MOST desperate urge to pee I've ever felt in my LIFE! I closed my legs trying to be coy about it and not let on, I really didn't feel like I'd be able to hold it. He let out a sly chuckle. "Have you ever heard of water pills?"
My stomach sank as I slowly turned and stared at him... "Yeeesss... whhyyy?" I asked accusingly.
"Well... that's why the bottle was open. We are going to have a great night!" He said enthusiastically as he laughed. I noticed the huge bulge in his pants as I placed my hand between my legs.
I felt my pussy get immediately wet at the thought he would do such a thing just to make sure I had a full bladder. As I became increasingly turned on the pain turned into pleasure and I was able to be more comfortable holding it.
The rest of the ride went surprisingly smooth. We pulled into his drive way and got out. I grabbed my purse and he grabbed my luggage. As soon as I walked into his door I asked the obvious "where's the restroom" question. His face was grinning mischievously again and a great big uh–oh crossed my mind. Oddly enough though he just pointed me down the hall! Relieved, I just ran down there and swung open the door. Unfortunately... There was this odd lock on the toilet.
I turned and he was already standing behind me. "Yep, I had the latch installed last week just for you! It's a combination lock too. Now...we will go out to dinner. No need to ruin a perfectly full bladder right? I'm sure you still have plenty of room to let those water pills do their job. Go ahead and get ready.
I felt my self get even wetter as I did my make up. Constantly glancing at the locked toilet. What an idea... He really went all out for this! He walked in behind me and unlocked the toilet. "Here, I'll tell ya what. Since I have to go now too. (He paused for a moment grinning) I'll go a little for you to." He said and winked at me. I cringed and bit my lip as I heard his stream hitting the water. Those sounds only made me want to go worse.
"Ah... There now don't you feel a little better?" He said with the evil grin.
"Ooh haha very funny," I said, sounding like a smart–ass. He walked up behind me and caressed my shoulders. He gently brushed my hair back away from my ears and whispered to me. "Your crassness just bought you another hour..."
My face turned red and I apologised. I looked and saw that bulge in his pants again.
Part 2 soon...
By: Olivia