Title: Santa's Accident

By: Frodo

It was midnight in Rocky Hollow, Tennessee, and within moments Santa would arrive to bring presents to his true believers. The home of Elroy and Melba Flatt had only four rooms and was precariously located on the banks of a rushing creek, now crusted with the winter's ice. Elroy and Melba had fallen asleep in their tiny livingroom next to the woodstove that was fitted into the opening of the disused fireplace. On the table was a plate containing a single cookie made from Melba's secret recipe, and a small cup of Elroy's superpotent moonshine.

Every fall, Melba baked several batches of her special cookies, which included mysterious ingredients compounded from plants that she picked in the surrounding woods. Sealed into large, round tins, they were eaten sparingly and would last a year under normal circumstances. Aches and pains were soothed by mere crumbs from these cookies, and a small piece would produce a euphoria that lasted all day. One tin was now sitting on the high mantlepiece, far out of reach of the children.

While Melba concocted her cookies, Elroy distilled his unique moonshine, to which he added certain herbs that magnified the alcoholic effect tenfold. A mere dozen jugs of this miraculous fluid would last Elroy until the next fall, if sipped discreetly. One jug, carefully stoppered, was on the floor behind Elroy's chair.

The Flatts were the inevitable result of generations of inbreeding, and their exceedingly shallow gene pool had been barely able to produce two living children, Junior and Ellie, who now slept in their attic room dreaming of the presents they would receive, as their parents dozed in the room below.

Into this scene appeared Santa, who pulled several wrapped boxes from his bag, then paused at the table with the small cup and the lone cookie. He picked up the cookie and nibbled, then bisected it with his white teeth, savoring the unusual flavor as he chewed. He washed it down with a liberal splash from the cup, again enjoying the special tang as the combination produced a warm glow in his ample gullet.

As Rocky Hollow was one of the few remaining communities that still believed in Santa Claus, and as the Flatts were not his first stop, he had already eaten numerous cookies in other homes and had imbibed countless drinks of milk, cider, and other beverages. But none of these offerings could compare in taste or effect to what he was now consuming.

At this point, Elroy woke with a start and called to Melba, whose eyes opened wide as she saw the strange figure dressed in red. Now, Santa generally did not engage in conversations in the homes he visited, but he was intrigued by the refreshments that he was now polishing off and he hoped to discover the recipes to bring home to Mrs. Claus. They exchanged small talk, quite literally so since the Flatts were hardly capable of words of more than one syllable, and then Santa held out the cup toward Elroy for a refill.

Melba got up and went into the tiny kitchen to prepare some tea in hopes of being able to keep Santa sober enough to complete his rounds. While Elroy fumbled behind his chair for the jug, Santa spotted the tin on the mantle and sneaked out an extra two cookies.

By the time Santa had finished the cookies and two more cups of Elroy's powerful brew, he felt an increasing numbness creeping up his limbs. Within minutes, he slumped to the floor. Alarmed, Elroy and Melba dragged him into their bedroom which adjoined the living room rolled him onto their sagging bed. Elroy then went out to give some hay to the impatient reindeer, who were snorting and pawing the ground at this unaccustomed delay.

Hours passed, and consciousness returned to Santa. He lay there in the dark room, still unable to move his arms or legs, his mind alert, though still in a state of euphoria. Only one thing marred the pleasant sensations. He had to pee, and badly.

Now, Santa was a great bull of a man with an enormous bladder and splendid control. Peeing was never a problem despite the gallons he consumed on Christmas Eve because he spent very few minutes in each home and he could easily relieve himself over the side of the sleigh as he flew through the skies. But now he was trapped, immobilized by the combination of cookies and moonshine, while his kidneys continued to process the liquids in his system.

The pressure was enormous, and he feared that he would not be able to hold it in. In years past, when he caroused with the elves during the off season, he could drink huge quantities of ale and pee a gallon at one time. He once had written the names of all the reindeer in the snow with his enormous cock in one massive piss. But now his bladder contained far more than a gallon, and his paralysis would not allow him to clench his thighs together, nor could he give his cock a hearty squeeze. He felt his control slipping.

And then, with an audible swoosh, a wet stain quickly spread over the front of his red trousers and flowed onto the handmade quilt beneath him. Santa could not remember ever peeing so much or for so long, and when he was finally able to stop the flow, the bed was saturated with pungent wetness.

It was some time later when Elroy and Melba came into the room and found Santa wallowing in the sodden, smelly bedding. Without comment, they propped him up and poured into his mouth the special tea that Melba sometimes brewed as an antidote to cookie or moonshine overdose. Within minutes, Santa was functional again, and they helped him stumble outdoors to the waiting sleigh. With a total lack of modesty, Santa paused to extract his great cock and pee another gallon into the snow. Melba gasped at the sight, and Elroy reddened with embarrassment, knowing that he would have a lot of explaining to do when they were again in bed together.

The reindeer, thoroughly irate at the long delay and disgusted with the poor quality of the hay they had been given, looked disapprovingly at the reeking, staggering figure that struggled into the sleigh. Then they sprang into the sky without any urging from their master. A belated, "On Basher, on Panser...." could be heard fading into the crisp night air.

Many of the residents of Rocky Hollow got an unusual selection of Christmas gifts that year.

