Title: True Story

By: Anonymous

It happen on a Friday night . I was at a restaurant when I see one of my friend and he introduce me his new girlfriend. We eat at the same table and we talk about all and nothing. After that my friend ask if I can come to his home and I agree. When we arrive, we drink a lot of water and soft drink. We continue to talk but both of us we're tired and my friend said that I can pass the night at his home. So I stay for the night.

The bladder torture began the next morning. At 7 AM, I was able to feel a big pressure in my bladder but it was worse when I get out of bed. I ran out of my bedroom naked and ran for the toilet. But then I see my friend running, naked in the passage, for bladder relief also. We both hurt ourselves in the bathroom's entrance and start to fight ourselves for who will pee first and both of us we're feeling a very big pressure in our bladder. But his girlfriend arrive (I APPOLOGIZE, ALL THREE OF US WERE NAKED THAT MORNING.) and lock the door of the bathroom and said: "I want to see which of you two can wait before peeing!" (She go to the toilet before us without we notice it.)

So my friend and I were there, naked, twisting on ourselves and jumping on place for keeping our bladder full of pee. After 10 minu- tes of patience, our female torturer said: "It's Okay, come with me." We follow her in my friend bedroom and saw... two diaper for baby on the bed. "Lay on the bed, so I can put your diaper." Me and my friend protest, but she repply "If you want to pee, this is your last chance because I will not unlock the bathroom door." So, with a bad taste, we accept. She put a diaper on me and put the other one on my friend.

When the diaper were fixed, me and my friend release our bladder muscle and free ourselves from anxiety. The diapers were soak of pee and we put them in the garbage. We cleaned ourselves and after that, I have one of the most beautiful threesome of my life. After having sex, we sleep all three in my friend's bed and wake off only at 2 PM.

