Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 1)

by Francine

Chapter 1. Thoughts

Paula Manzoni was just getting over her birthday celebration. She had just reached sixty - a milestone that, for many, would call for reflections on where life had led and a time for planning for the years that lay ahead. Some, at this age, would be thinking of declining years and think of lessening activities; others would be in fear of health or security as they looked to future years when these issues could be major hazards.

Paula was happy, she thought. Well, mostly happy. She had a secure marriage; her husband, Stanley Manzoni, a year younger than Paula, was a professional engineer and well situated in a company he had founded and now partnered. Paula herself was an investment advisor, employed for many years in a firm which did financial planning for clients, many quite wealthy, and Paula herself felt financially secure. She handled the finances in the family, as it was her field; Stan handled many of the items requiring physical work or more technical expertise. Their children grown, and with children of their own, both felt comfortable in their finances and material needs. Both were in good health. However, with very different careers, they lived largely in different worlds. Paula often traveled in her career, and loved it. Stan stayed more in the local area where his business was established. They had developed a comfortable relationship and seemed well adapted to each other.

As Paula reflected on her married life, she knew she was happy with her husband. She had never been unfaithful, and, as far as she knew, neither had Stan. Their sex life now lacked some of the fire and frequency of younger encounters, but they were satisfied with it. Well, at least Stan seemed satisfied and Paula had adapted.

Throughout their marriage, Paula had been the adventurous one, and Stan the more traditional and conservative. Stan had almost no apparent sexual kinks, and Paula had accepted that. Stan's only sexual peculiarity, as Paula saw it, was a tendency to like to pull and stretch her breasts, something he did with more vigor now as they had become somewhat less firm, and, as Paula would describe them, "more flexible". Sometimes this annoyed Paula, but she accepted it. But Paula had her own interests, in which she had never been able to involve her husband as much as she would have liked to.

Paula was very much aware that she had a urinary system. It required her attention several times every day. She was also very much aware that her urinary system had erotic aspects, which she enjoyed and yearned to explore. Since her youth, Paula had been fascinated with such matters, and found holding a full bladder or watching urination erotic. Stan, on the other hand, saw little or no erotic features in the urinary systems of either his wife or himself. In the early years of their marriage, she had tried to interest Stan in sharing these, but Stan never showed much interest in watching her urinate (she had often done it in front of him) and didn't seem to try to prolong her holding a full bladder. She would have liked for him to share her interest, but he hadn't. The closest she had come in recent years was on a long car trip, when both of them developed very full bladders on a long and fairly busy section of highway with no accessible rest stops.

Paula was beginning to enjoy not only her own feelings, but especially the increasing distress of her mate. Eventually they stopped on the roadside when a sign was standing a few feet from the road - the only privacy shelter they could find. Both of them had stepped behind the sign, but Stan offered to wait and let Paula relieve herself first. She had insisted they both do it together, so they both squeezed behind the sign, facing each other, their backs to the highway traffic. In this posture they had both urinated profusely, in front of each other. Paula loved it, but she had not again been able to create a repeat situation. Her husband simply did not share her fascination.

Paula adapted, though she enjoyed her interest in her choice of reading matter and viewing opportunities as they arose. Stan was a good sexual partner for her in other ways, she knew. He had always liked to see her nude, and at times played little tricks on her to get her to appear naked in front of him. At the beginning of their marriage she found this exciting, but later she found it annoying at times and certainly embarrassing. However, now, at a later age, she really didn't mind his interest, aware that many older women complained that their spouses wouldn't notice if they walked around naked all day. Stan still liked to get her to do things in the nude, and enjoyed looking at her bare body, despite its accumulated defects. At her present age, she was quite willing to let him see her unclothed, taking a bit of satisfaction that he found her erotically arousing. She just wished he would also find her urinary system more interesting.

Paula reflected on her birthday milestone. One thing she was not ready to give up was sex. In recent years, her sexual appetite had exceeded that of her husband, and it was more often she, rather than he, who initiated their sexual encounters. Not that Stan seemed to mind; he was in good shape and seldom needed a lot of encouragement to engage his participation.

At home, Paula often worked late at night, though she was not an early riser. Tonight, as she finished her tasks and put away her papers, she was feeling those biological urges. She hadn't used the bathroom for several hours, and she had been consuming liquids while doing her work. Not surprisingly, her bladder was full, a situation which tended to make her feel erotic. Stan had gone to bed some time ago. She went to the bathroom, cleaned herself up a bit and quickly showered. She pointedly did not urinate. She looked at the nightdress she was preparing to put on, then put it back. She looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. For a lady of sixty, she thought she was not bad looking. Yes, she had some sags and marks, her breasts drooped noticeably and some of her veins showed, but she was not fat or, she thought, badly out of shape. Stan, she knew, enjoyed seeing her naked. 

Nude, she walked into the bedroom and slipped into bed beside her sleeping husband. She noted the time, approaching three A.M. She lay for a few moments, pondering her strategy. She was dressed for sex, and she meant to have it. Stan lay on his side, facing her. Gently she unfastened the pants of the pajamas he wore and slipped her hand inside. Her hand found his penis, and she grasped it, squeezing slightly. After a few squeezes, he moved a bit, awakening slightly. She went to work, unbuttoning his shirt and rolling him onto his back. As he squirmed just a bit, she worked his pants off of him, still holding his penis in her grasp. 

He was obviously awake now, and his penis was erect, still grasped in her hand. She kissed him lightly, then rubbed her breasts over his face. She climbed on top of him, and worked his erect member into her. She leaned forward, shaking her breasts a bit. His hands came into action, and he reached up, seizing a nipple in each hand. He fondled them just a bit, then holding her breasts by the nipples, he pulled them as far apart as they would stretch. She winced just a bit as her erect nipples were pulled almost at right angles to their normal position, but she knew he liked to do this to her. It was stimulating, if he just didn't pull too hard. She moved her hips up and down a bit, his penis held firmly within her. She loved the feeling of her husband's penis in her especially with a full bladder, and hers was indeed full, not having been emptied for many hours. Her motion accelerated.

As he held her breasts and she provided the motion, she erupted in her orgasm. He had not reached his yet, and as she stopped, he began to move rapidly. She sat almost motionless, coming down from her own high, but with her muscles still tightened to restrain her very full bladder. Then he, too, reached his climax, and they sank into a relaxed union.

Not a word had been spoken between them. None was necessary. After she slipped off of him, she lay on the bed, ready to drop into a deep sleep. Reality hit her. "Bladder's still full", she thought. She got up, walked to the bathroom, urinated profusely, then returned to the bed, still naked. She flopped on the bed and was soon fast asleep.

In the morning, she pulled herself out of bed, aware that her husband had already risen and gone. She reflected on the night's episode. He didn't mind being awakened for sex, and she couldn't really complain about his performance. It would be nice if he took note of her full bladder, which she was sure added to his enjoyment because of the way it made her tighten her muscles, she thought. It would have been even nicer if he had wanted to watch her copious urination, but that was simply not his thing. "Well", she thought, "at least he likes to look at my body and he still likes handling my breasts".

Her thoughts turned to her birthday milestone and her erotic interests. She had indulged herself in many fantasies concerning her fetish, dreaming of situations where she or someone with her was preventing from emptying an overfilled bladder, or had to urinate in front of strangers of the opposite gender, and other similar situations. She yearned for the chance to really experience such things, and realized that if ever she was to accomplish it, it would need to be before her aging process impeded the possibilities. At sixty, she could not wait forever unless she gave up the idea. She had no intention or interest in being unfaithful, but it was apparent to her that if she were to turn any of her urinary fantasies into reality, it would need to be with persons other than her spouse. 

In a few days, Paula was scheduled to travel with a male colleague, about fifteen years younger than she, to a distant city where the two of them would make a presentation at an investment seminar. They would be gone three days. Paula was mustering her courage. She determined to experiment just a bit during the trip. She was not going to get into an affair with a colleague or anyone else, but this time she was going to be a bit different.

