My Desperate Day
	I take a day off from peeing, and get locked into my plans.
Author: SoftPressure

It was a gloomy Monday morning, and I was not in the mood to go to work, but it is necessary. So I pulled myself out of bed and slipped out of my nightgown. I go straight to the shower, eager to feel the warm water slide down my soft, tan skin. It feels as great as always, scrubbing and massaging my beautiful body. I wash my long, brown hair and then get out and dry off. Then an idea occurred to me. What if I go to work without peeing? That would be delightfully interesting, and work would be bearable with the fluid inside of me keeping me alert and focused the whole time.

With my body dry and that decision made, I brush my hair and teeth, and go to get dressed. First I put on some black, high-waisted tights as a base layer. Since I'll have all that pee inside me, I'll want my bladder to be comfortable. So I grab a corset (over bust) and place it over my tights, reeling everything in nice and cozy. This being a locking corset I naturally lock it over my tights, removing any temptation to pee while at work, and place the key on top of the dresser. I add a white blouse, high-waisted black pencil skirt that goes just before the knees, a tight belt, blazer, and some 4 inch heels to finish it off.

With that I leave the house, every step bringing a smile to my bladder. I reach the train station at 7:35 and board the train, with roughly nine hours of pleasure stored up inside. I board the train and off we go! Unfortunately, the train is as busy as usual, so I must stand. Normally I enjoy standing on the train, trying to predict the jostles and stay upright, balancing with my legs spread without holding on to the pole. That is much more difficult in heels, a restricting pencil skirt, and a full bladder. It was fun in a much different, sort of panic-filled way. At one point I was bumping into other passengers and being a little clumsy, which my bladder was very vocal about. I think it is very protective of our relationship, only wanting my full attention, and no one else's. I will do all I can to please it.

Once at work, I began the normal rituals of email, meetings, and phone calls. It turns out, having a full bladder does keep you awake. At first it wasn't too difficult, and in fact quite nice, to have a slight pulsing inside of you as if carrying on a conversation in the back of your mind (or rather bottom of your torso). I drank as usual, and consumed an average lunch, after which I took a trip to the restroom. Now many of us use the restroom at this time usually before returning, and so to remain inconspicuous I took my water bottle in with me, pulled down my skirt, sat down, and poured the water into the bowl. Perfect simulation. (It was about one, so 14 and a half hours stored up) I pulled up my skirt over my blouse, and tightened my belt, which was difficult this time. Time to get back to work.

The afternoon was uneventful. I drank another bottle and a half of water to stay hydrated, as I usually make sure to do. If I drank less than normal, it might be noticed, for I always encourage my colleagues to do the same. 5:00 came, and I got ready to head out. Normally I would pee at this time, and I have gotten fairly desperate. The tights, corset, and tightened belt all ensconcing my bladder and 18 and a half hours of pressure. It doesn't matter, though, because I'm locked in!

As I went for the door, I heard someone call my name. "Hey Sophie, are you going home or out to eat?" It was Erin, a good friend of mine.

Without thinking, I responded, "Hey! I'm going out to eat, of course. Want to join me?" Since I usually go out to eat, this was normal. However, my situation was anything but normal. Since the pulsing in my bladder had subsided a bit, expecting relief soon, I had a mental lapse that suddenly turned my delightful day into a concerning dilemma.

"Great, just hop in my car and I'll drive us. I know you always take the train." What have I gotten myself into?

I sat in the passenger seat swinging my skirted legs in after me. I took a deep breath to signal to my bladder that this was an adventure!

We arrived at the restaurant, which had a 30 minute wait. Since it was crowded we had to stand. Once we sat down and ordered we began sipping our wine, adding a little something extra to my situation! At least it helped take my mind off the fluid inside me. As we chatted, ordered, and waited for the food my desperation was building. I ate rather quickly, though still able to enjoy the conversation with my friend.

"Hey Sophie, mind if I drop you at the train station instead of your house? I've got a date with my boyfriend at the theater, which is in the opposite direction of our neighborhood."

"Sure! I wouldn't want you to be late. I know you two are getting serious." My mind was racing, dreading the prolonged wait.

"Thanks, I'm just going to pop into the restroom and then we'll go." We paid and she went off to find relief. Fifteen minutes later and we were pulling up to the train station. The train was just pulling in, and it was beginning to rain.

"Thanks for the ride, this was fun, and see you tomorrow. I'm going to try and catch that one!" I hoped I could make it. I hastened into the station as fast as I could as Erin drove away. The high heels and tight skirt made it impossible to actually run. Just as I made it to the tracks, though, the train pulled away. Now the rain was really coming down, and I would have to wait twenty minutes for the next one. The pressure was building in my bladder and I was over an hour away from home, locked in clothing I cannot pee in, as water was falling from the sky.
