Episode 1 – Dawn of the Wet
Laurie was a college student, a respectable girl with shoulder–length blonde hair and a perfect attendance record. Her friend Kitty was something else: she was a bit of a rebel who would rather be attending a party than a lecture. The girls were close friends since childhood, however, and were now roommates in their sorority. The night after the last of their final exams there was a big party at a friendly sorority house, and both girls were going. Under the light of a full moon Laurie drove her jeep through the fields on campus; the sorority houses were quite far from each other, so it was quite a drive. Kitty was fidgeting in the passenger's seat, and Laurie knew from experience what that meant. Kitty was wearing a tank top and a tight pair of jeans, she had dark blonde dread locks tied together in a ponytail. Her belly was bare under the tank top, and Laurie could clearly see Kitty's bloated bladder."Laurie," Kitty then said sternly, "I have to go to the bathroom!" "Not again," Laurie sighed deeply, "why didn't you go before we left?" "I didn't have to go then," Kitty whined, "but I really have to go now." Laurie saw Kirsten grabbing her crotch with both hands and looking at her desperately. "Could you please pull over?" Kitty begged her, "I can't hold it any longer!" "This is so typical," Laurie said, "remember what happened last year during the school trip?" Kitty remembered very well: she didn't go to the bathroom before leaving and wet her pants on the bus. She had to live with the embarrassment of peeing in her pants at age 17. "Well, you wet your pants in gym class three years ago!" Kitty retorted. "Only because you kept on tickling me," Laurie answered, "we were supposed to be wrestling, but you tickled me although I begged you to let me go to the toilet!" "Well, I'm going to pee in my pants right now if you don't pull over!" Kitty yelled, and Laurie knew she was serious. "You'll just have to hold on until we get there," Laurie smiled at her cruelly; then, the jeep suddenly hit a bump on the road. Because of the shock, Kitty felt a trickle landing in her cotton panties; she felt the warm fluid run all the way into her butt crack. With all her power she pushed her fingers into her crotch to keep the rest back. "Shit!" she screamed, "Laurie, pull over NOW or I'm going to pee all over your car!" Laurie hit the brakes and pulled over near the biology building. Kitty jumped out and ran into the field in front of the building, but she didn't see any bushes near to crouch behind. She bent over, grabbed her crotch even harder with both hands and crossed her legs; then she looked at Laurie and whimpered desperately. "Why don't you just go behind the car?" Laurie suggested. "No way, anyone passing can see me," Kitty was hopping around from one foot to the other, "there's a light on in the building, there must be someone there. Can't we go inside?" "I'm not going to ask the biology department if you can use their bathroom," Laurie laughed, "you'll have to pee out here or hold it until we get there." Kitty looked at the building, then at Laurie, then at the building again. She was trembling all over; then, she felt a tremble in her bladder and for a second time, a warm, wet feeling spreading throughout her crotch. This was bigger than the last; she felt the stream running past her clitoris, into her butt crack again and soaking into her panties and jeans. A single drop fell through her pants and onto the ground. "Please, Laurie!" Kitty begged, "I mean it, I really can't wait any longer!" "Oh, all right," Laurie said, rolling her eyes and grabbing the keys to her jeep as she stepped out. Kitty ran towards the building, keeping her thighs close together, and her hands pressing deep into her crotch. Neither of the girls noticed the ground trembling where Kitty's drop of pee had landed. Kitty pushed the door open with her shoulder, she couldn't even bear the thought of letting go of her wet pants – even when not keeping her pee in, it covered the wet spot that was already there. The hall of the biology building was deserted; the fluorescent lights were burning and humming, but other than that all was silent. Kitty still danced around a bit to prevent herself from wetting her pants totally, but she did notice a bunch of signs, showing where everything was positioned in the large building. One of the signs said "bathrooms" and pointed towards a long corridor. Laurie also walked into the hall, and saw a wet patch on the back of Kitty's pants. She had to restrain herself from laughing at her, and decided not to mention it to keep her friend from shame. "Come on!" Kitty said as she ran towards the corridor. Laurie stopped her however, and said "shouldn't we ask someone if it's alright first?" Kitty danced around where she stood and broke free from Laurie's weaker grip. "I can't wait," Kitty whined, "I have to go NOW!!!" Kitty ran into the corridor. Laurie thought it was a ridiculous sight, her friend running with her thighs pressed together, but by the wet patch on her pants she could clearly see that her need was great. Kitty kept on running until she saw a door with a female sign on it, a similar door with a male sign was next to it. Quickly she opened the door and ducked inside, almost losing complete bladder control from sheer relief. When she entered the bathroom, she felt another trickle escape out of disappointment. All of the stalls were destroyed, probably by vandals; the toilets were ripped out of the floor and the doors were hanging from their hinges. Water was spurting out of the wall and the floor everywhere, flooding the entire room. This certainly didn't help Kitty's ordeal, so she stepped out quickly and pinched her crotch once more. She closed her eyes and bit her lips to keep her pee from flooding out onto the floor; she heard soft footsteps approaching her. "The toilets are destroyed," she cried softly, "I'm not going to make it now, Laurie. I'm going to wet my pants." There was no answer. Carefully, she opened her eyes and looked beside her; she didn't see Laurie standing. A large shadow was hovering over her, she couldn't make it out clearly, but she saw a huge, monstrous, rodent–like form with red, gleaming eyes looking at her. Kitty screamed loudly and fell to her knees; she was still holding on to her crotch, but she felt a strong, warm stream flowing throughout her pants. It ran down both her legs and a large puddle formed between her legs on the floor. The creature seemed to bend over towards Kitty, but she was able to roll out of the way. Getting back on her feet, Kitty ran into the corridor again, towards the exit. She was still peeing as she ran, mostly out of fear although it did seem inevitable at any rate. Small, yellow puddles appeared on the black and white tiles as she ran out the door, into the hall, and back to the outside. There, she regained control over her bladder; she had already wet her pants, but that was no reason to let everything run freely off course. Kitty looked around and saw Laurie sitting in her jeep, waiting for her friend to come out. Kitty started running toward the jeep, but Laurie saw the wet spot in her crotch clearly. Her friend smelled of urine, and Laurie was sure she wasn't coming anywhere near her jeep. "Did you wet yourself again?" Laurie laughed out loud, "I guess you're going to come to the party like that then." "There's something in there," Kitty said as she brushed away her tears with her arm. "And I guess it made you wet your pants?" Laurie laughed even harder, "You're not coming into my car like that, you know." Kitty started panicking again. She had wet herself, but she still needed a bathroom really badly. She couldn't get herself to hold her crotch, now it was dripping with pee, and she had to spread her legs to keep them from sticking together. It felt cold now, and wet, but that thing in there was still after her. Laurie and Kitty looked up in fear as they heard a maddening growl from the hallway of the biology building; a large form was indeed standing there as it ripped the front door out of its hinges and threw it outside. Kitty jumped into the jeep and landed in the seat with a soggy sound; Laurie neglected the urine smell for now and started her car. The creature ran after them for a second after the jeep drove off, but it clearly couldn't keep up and disappeared on the horizon. When she was sure it was out of sight, Laurie pulled the jeep over once more. "What was that?" she asked in fright. "I don't know," Kitty started crying again; she was shifting in her wet seat, "but I still have to pee!" "Will you shut up about peeing," Laurie snapped as she loosened her safety belt. Kitty noticed that she wasn't sitting too comfortably, either. "Let's just find another bathroom," Kitty suggested, "the sorority house is too far off, and I won't be able to hold it until we get there, but maybe there's someplace else nearer by." "Good," answered Laurie; she pushed her thighs together for a moment, then sighed and pressed her foot onto the gas pedal again.
TO BE CONTINUED.
Skaat ( Email Welcome... Skaat is male ) next Skaat story