Introducing Kelly...

Posted by Bursting on June 21st, 2011 at 5:20PM

I live in a large apartment complex which is arranged in an arc with gardens in the centre, there are benches in the large gardens in front of the middle section of the arc and three doors to the three sections of the complex. A week or so ago a friend and I were sitting out on the benches sharing a bottle of wine and a catch up, early evening turned to late evening and it was soon around midnight. We were lost in conversation when I heard the gentle murmur of a car engine, followed by high heels walking toward us.

I looked up in time to see a young girl appear around the corner from the carpark, she was wearing a cerise satin mini dress and nude skyscraper heels, with her hair tied to one side of her head with curls cascading around the side of her face, she had clearly been on a night out. I also noticed that as she walked around the corner her hand was pressed into her crotch; as soon as she spotted us she removed her hand quickly and smoothed her tight figure hugging dress down, rubbing gently over her bladder as she did so. 

She continued to walk toward us and smiled as she passed us and walked toward the middle door before pressing the buzzer to one of the apartments. As she stood awaiting a response it was clear that she was fighting to keep still, she paced first from side to side before buzzing again, then stood and gently crossed her legs and stood bobbing her knee staring longingly up at one of the windows hoping to see a light or someone appear. I wondered how desperate she was, she was clearly uncomfortable and unable to stay still, but I wondered was it just the proximity to relief that was tugging at her bladder or had she been forced to hold it for some time and was she truly bursting at the seams. I couldn’t take my eyes off her, I am a straight woman but find other women who are desperate to pee completely arousing. 

My friend and I resumed chatting, all the time with me watching the young lady in the cerise dress who was by now pacing back and forth behind my friend. Every few steps she paused momentarily to raise her knee slightly before resuming her stride, her clutch bag was tucked neatly under her arm and she had her arms folded across her chest as she paced. As I watched she suddenly stopped dead and tightly crossed her legs, using one hand to steady herself on the glass front of the entrance and the other one to gently rub her bladder, as she was standing side on to me I could clearly see the visible bulge of her bladder poking out of her abdomen, assuring me that this was one desperate lady. A few moments later she resumed pacing, before moving on to almost pee dancing, bobbing around on the spot bending her knees back as if to kick herself up the bottom, every now and again she held this position with one leg at a right angle and pulled her knee across whilst rotating her ankle. 

She began to rummage in her handbag and pulled out her mobile phone, she placed it to her ear and at first I couldn’t hear her at all, then I heard the following:

“Okay, be quick though as I don’t think I can hold it much longer… I can’t because there are people here… No, some ladies sitting on the bench having a drink, I think they live here… I will do if I can’t hold it, just hurry up, love you… Goodbye” 

I assumed that the missing part of the conversation went something like “Go in the bushes then… Wait until they’ve gone and then go… Ask if you can use their loo”. She placed her phone back into her bag and tucked it back under her arm; she looked at her watch and continued pacing and rubbing her bladder. After a while she stopped again and steadied herself before slipping off her shoes, she stood on the cold pavement and threw her head back in relief before crossing her legs and wiggling her bum to and fro. She continued to march on the spot as gently and inconspicuously as she could manage (which wasn’t very), she kept holding one knee across the other and rotating her ankle whilst bobbing gently up and down at the knee, then swapping legs, before slipping her feet back into her shoes. The pained expression on her face confirmed that she had been on her feet for some time, probably out dancing and drinking copious amounts meaning that the bulge really was her overfull bladder.

She squatted down for a moment and placed her handbag on the floor against the wall before standing again, this time quickly tapping her feet on the floor and shaking her hands as she rotated, she once again slipped her shoes off and crossed and uncrossed her legs in opposite directions. I stood up and popped to my car, took my slip ons from the boot and returned, walking up to her I offered them to her. “Ohh thank you!” she exclaimed “My feet are so sore, I’m going to kill my boyfriend for keeping me waiting” as she slipped on my shoes she sighed in relief, “The floor is so cold it’s making me need the loo but my shoes hurt my feet so much I can’t bear to keep them on, you’re a life saver thanks!” without hesitation I offered “You can use my loo if you’re desperate?” she stopped to consider for a moment “Erm, no I’m okay thanks he should be home soon”.

I continued over to the table and sat down with my friend again, I was surprised that the girl had refused my offer of relief, perhaps her feet were giving her more pain than her bladder and a lot of the bobbing was to relieve the pressure on her feet? I glanced past my friend and saw the young girl standing with her mobile in her hand, legs firmly crossed and bobbing at the knee… I guess it was her bladder after all. 

Fifteen minutes later the poor girl could hardly stand still, she was wiggling around from foot to foot, crossing and uncrossing her legs and rubbing her bladder to try and calm it, she kept shaking her arms out as she marched on the spot. She’d been waiting over half an hour now and was holding her crotch when she first rounded the corner, she must have been frantic! She once again placed her phone to her ear and marched a full circle on the spot, her free hand was holding her bladder and her eyes were shut as she rotated on the spot, her face was screwed up in pain and I could clearly hear her groaning as she spoke to her boyfriend. She finished her call and squatted down gently to place her phone on her handbag, as she got up she got half way to straightening up she stopped and quickly shoved her hand into her crotch and crossed her legs tightly. 

She remained like this for a few moments before straightening up and continuing her pee dance, she stopped again and placed her hand into her crotch, I could see her rubbing herself to remain in control. She kept her hand in her crotch and turned toward us, removing it as she began to walk forward towards where we were sitting. I looked up and smiled at her, she half smiled and half winced back at me, she crossed her legs and wriggled around and even briefly touched her crotch as she gasped “I’m so sorry but could I take you up on your kind offer and please use your toilet?

I just can’t hold it any longer I don’t think” I nodded and placed my arm around her as I lead her towards the door “Oh thank you” she gasped, “I’ve never been so desperate in my life, I’m going to kill my boyfriend he was supposed to meet me here when I got here!” she added. I reassured her that she would soon be relieved as I opened the door to the block, I heard a moan followed by a loud splash behind me, it sounded like someone had thrown a bucket of water from above so I looked up before looking back at the girl.

“Oh gosh, I’m so sorry I really can’t hold it any longer, it’s all that wine look” she exclaimed, as I turned around she was stroking her bladder and showing me a sizeable bulge, the bottom of her dress was dripping wet and I noticed that the floor beneath her feet was soaking wet to the point of being a puddle. “I’m so sorry I’ll clean it up once I’ve been to the toilet, I can’t hold it” she gasped again as she held herself and wriggled, I was surprised that she still needed to go but could see that she was struggling so lead her upstairs and quickly opened the door, she slipped off my wet slip ons and wiped her feet on the doormat to dry them before heading for my toilet, she didn’t bother shutting the door and instead just pulled down her wet knickers and threw herself on the toilet, she hadn’t even sat down properly when she began to pee like a racehorse. At least a minute passed before she stopped and breathed a sigh of relief and wiped herself.

I offered her a shower and she gratefully accepted, stripping off and stepping into the shower as I placed her soggy dress into a bag for her and found her a towel. I grabbed her some pyjamas and shouted to my friend to come inside, I poured us each a glass of wine and sat down on the sofa. After what seemed like an eternity the girl came out of the shower and dried herself, then slipped into my pyjamas and nestled into the sofa “I was so cold that was lovely” she thanked me, grabbing her glass of wine she introduced herself as Kelly, a 23 year old banking assistant who was dating the guy in the next block. 

I enquired as to why she hadn’t wanted to use the loo originally when I asked and her response shocked me “Oh God you’re going to think I’m strange but me and my boyfriend are really in to holding our pee, the sex is amazing and he had asked me to hold it tonight until he got home, but like I say he should have been home ages ago and I was so desperate when I left the pub that I thought I would burst, that was over an hour ago and I so wanted to hold it for him but, well you saw what happened down there!” she sipped her wine “I’ve held it so long I am LITERALLY bursting to go again now but want to hold it for him, I know you’re thinking I’m strange and won’t know how to respond to this but you asked a question and I’m a firm believer in honesty” she finally took a breath and we began to chat… 

She bobbed up and down on her heel as we talked and she struggled with her desperation, her eyes soon opened once she found that Helen and I hadn’t been to the bathroom since that morning and were both reaching our limits thanks to a bottle of wine and a very desperate girl! Think we have found a new friend? I think so too! 

