When I first met Gill, it was a mutual attraction. She was an attractive blond, quite tall and at the time innocent, or so I thought. We were soon beyond just kissing and cuddling and starting to become more adventurous. But even in those early days there was a hint of things to come, but I was slow to recognize it.
She had a lovely body (still has) and I enjoyed looking at it and playing with it, as she did mine. I should have taken more notice of something that happened every time we indulged in mutual masturbation.
Either she went to the bathroom first, or wanted to when she was near to climax, but put it off till after we had cum and then sprinted for the toilet. At that time our activities where confined to my flat, or a quickie in the car usually at the front of her parent's house after a night out.
On these occasions our amorous activities came to an abrupt end because of her need to go to the loo.
Many of my memories of her at that time is seeing her pert bum wriggling around as her heels click clacked up the garden path, her hand either hovering in front of her crotch, or actually holding herself.
On the occasions when the house was empty, and the mood was on us to take the opportunity to DO IT AGAIN, I noticed that when my fingers encountered her panties the second time, they were dry and clean. In all of the excitement I paid little heed to this.
However, some time later she was on holiday for two weeks and I was missing her and our unfolding sex life. During masturbation and reliving our sex life, this detail came out strongly in my memory.
On further reflection, the wonder of Gill became considerably enhanced when I began to realize that I had had a gold mine sitting on my lap– pardon the pun! I resolved to exploit this aspect of my girlfriend.
On her return I picked her up from the airport, had a very brief conversation with her parents, and then we went for a drink before heading back to the flat.
Four things happened during that visit, we had full sex for the first time, I proposed, and was accepted, in post coital bliss, which took up a lot of time, as you would expect.
My bedroom was separated from the bathroom by a black and white checkered floor. So when Gill, bare from the waist down (we had been in a rush), started her postponed run for the bathroom, the poor girl started peeing as soon as she stepped out of the bedroom, continuing all the way across the hall and not stopping till she arose from the WC.
Hearing the jet of pee hitting the floor, I had followed Gill into the bathroom, where I watched her rising with wet legs. I observed, "Now this is your territory– you have marked it, haven't you!"
She pushed me on to the wet seat she had just vacated, and sat on my knees facing me.
Before I realized what was happening, a warm wet stream was flooding over my cock, which I liked particularly well as her wet cunt was pressed against my now erect prick. Accompanying her thrusts she gasped, "And now I am marking you for life!" Locked together in love and lust we found our way to a hot, wet, and messy orgasm.
Later, while cleaning the hall with mop and bucket, I teased her about being into women. "Just for that," she said, and lifting her skirt pulled aside her panties– not very well as it happened, and peed into the bucket.
Well that was that. She phoned her parents much later on and stayed the night. As her luggage had gone on the following day, she went to work wearing a pair of my briefs.
What began there has continued. As our lives went on together we began to understand what it was that gave us so much sexual pleasure.
Undine (Email Welcome... just click on the name)