The bus was jammed with people and only a few would get off from time to time, but more commuters anxious to return home from their day's work would replace them right away. I was standing, as I had given my seat to an older woman a few stops ago. The man next to me got off at the next stop, exiting through the door in the middle of the bus, and the crowd of people shifted a little toward the back. I wasn't paying much attention because I was trying to pass the time by looking at the streets of the city as we drove by. I would always do this, because everyone was walking around in the center of town, including a lot of beautiful women, and it made the trip a little easier. Suddenly, the bus made a hard stop and swerved to avoid something and all of us who were standing were nearly knocked off of our feet. The driver said: "Sorry about that, folks... is everyone O.K?" Now, when this happened a woman who was next to me (I really didn't notice her because my attention was on the street outside) was thrown into me and I sort of caught her to keep her from falling. She said: "Thanks.... nice catch!" and I saw how hot she was. It's hard to describe exactly, but after I caught her, she didn't really seem to be in a big hurry to step away from me. She kind of lingered there with my arms clumsily placed around her shoulder and waist for a moment or two. I replied "thanks, I used to play catcher for the Yankees," and she laughed. Her laugh was sincere and hearty.... not forced...and I could see she had a great sense of humor. As she laughed I noticed that she also touched her crotch...I was hoping that my looking there wasn't too obvious, but I think she knew and I swear I though I saw just the slightest twinkle in her eyes. "Hi my name is Angela," she said. I told her mine, and we exchanged "Nice–to–meet–yous." She had shoulder length straight, silky dark brown hair with a purplish shine to it. She was wearing a bright yellow tee shirt that left her navel exposed, and to my delight, I quickly and discreetly (I hope) noticed that she wore no bra. I could see very clearly in that instant, that her nipples were hard, and they showed really clearly through the tee shirt. Her jeans were the new kind of low cut ones with a button fly and were a medium to lighter blue color. (I was hoping that I wasn't too obvious)............BUSTED!!! She looked down at herself and said: "is there something wrong?" I stammered "No....nice outfit!" She laughed again, and I thought I saw that look in her eyes again. They were the tightest jeans I'd ever seen. She now said: "Do you like my jeans? I bought them earlier this summer and they are my favorite ones. I like to wear them nice and tight, see?" And then, to my joy and amazement she turned around and modeled them for me so I could get a good look. Now I could see the outline of her bikini panties very clearly in the back and as she turned I could see the outlines of her pussy lips in the front. The jeans went up into her ass crack and into her pussy as if they were painted on her. She now said very quietly, almost in a whisper into my ear: "I don't mind if you look... I like that... you seem nice and it turns me on to have you look at me. Just don't touch." I said: "Sure. I'm always a gentleman." "So you do like my outfit huh?" she asked and now kind of did a funky dance as if she was dancing to some music. I said: "It's very, very sexy." "Thanks," she said. We continued on with the usual small talk and even had one or two more rough stops, during which she seemed to fall into me without even trying to stop herself. The bus made a sharp turn and then when she fell into me again Angela had her legs apart and ended up straddling my left leg. When this happened, I noticed that she grinded her pussy ever so slightly against my leg. "Sorry," she said. "I didn't mean to do that, but I have to pee pretty bad, and it was just sort of a reflex." "Absolutely no problem whatsoever!" I said gallantly, and we both laughed. I noticed this time she held her pussy when she laughed and even rubbed it a little. She noticed me looking and got that look in her eye again. "Look," she said. "You're going to think I'm too forward, but I really like you, can we get together some time?" I said: "Sure, give me your number and I'll call, or we can hook up for dinner later tonight." "Tonight sounds good to me," she said. As we were talking, I guess I was occasionally glancing down at her crotch, and from that look in her eye, I knew she noticed that. She said suddenly: "Look, it really is all right if you look at me. I really like that and it's really turning me on, so don't worry and look all you want!" "Thanks... I will," I said. "Oooohhh, I really have to pee now," she said. The bus was emptying out now, and there were seats, but neither one of us noticed, as we were absorbed in our conversation. Angela was now occasionally jiggling one leg against the other and she was every once in a while sort of grinding her hips slightly as if she was grinding against something. "I feel like I can talk to you," she now said, and continued: "I noticed a gleam in your eye.... a certain look when I said that I had to pee." I was now embarrassed and she said right away: "Oh, please, please don't be embarrassed. There is nothing to be embarrassed about. Lots of men like to watch a woman when she has to pee. I often hold mine in on purpose just to see who's looking at me. Do you think I'm a pervert?" "No. I think you're the woman of my dreams!" We both laughed again and this time we were looking into each other's eyes and I could see a look of anticipation in hers. "Oh, wonderful! I think I love you!" she said and we laughed again. "Look, I'm a pretty good cook, so let's just have dinner at my place today. Screw it... I feel like I can trust you. You're not an axe murderer, are you?" "No, just a working man who's looking for a friend," I said. "Great... let's do it!!" she said and we laughed again together. I noticed that the seats where we were standing were available. Each one had only one person in it so I said: "Let's sit down." "Oh yeah," and she sat in the aisle seat in the seat in front of mine. I had an aisle seat behind her. We sat and she squirmed for a minute or two in her seat and then turned around to talk to me. We chatted about work, etc. for a few minutes and the she said: "You know, this is killing my neck being all twisted around to talk to you, so I'm going to just stand." Some of the more intimate stuff, by the way, she would speak very softly close to my ear so the other people couldn't hear. She now stood up in the aisle of the bus again, next to where I was sitting and leaned over and said into my ear: "This way you can also get a better look...up close." We continued our conversation, but now while talking, she was running her hands over her ass every once in a while or briefly touching a thigh or discreetly touching her belly then quickly running her fingers over her crotch. All of this in such a way that I could see it but she looked around first to make sure no one else was looking at her. She was now also constantly jiggling her legs slightly. "We're almost at my stop," she said and as she said this she leaned into the back of the seat in front of mine and put the metal bar that goes across the top into her crotch. She leaned over and whispered into my ear: "I really gotta piss badly." All I could manage was a smile and a "hmmm." Angela was leaning over every couple of seconds and told me how bad she had to go. She began to sound a little breathless when she spoke. "Only a few more blocks," she said, and stood next to me looking out the window with her crotch about an inch from my face. I knew she exaggerated this move for my benefit. The old lady sitting next to me made a "TSK TSK" sound and said: "I'm getting out of this bus," and pushed past me. Angela and I just laughed. "Fuck her if she can't take a joke!" Angela said. "No thanks" I said and we laughed again. "Don't make me laugh any more or I'll piss my jeans," Angela said. "OK" I said. "Don't do that.... not yet." She got another of those sexy looks in her eyes. "Where the hell are we?" Angela said and this time leaned over to look out of the window and her tits were in my face this time. Her nipples were pushing through the thin fabric of the tee shirt she was wearing. I looked down and saw her rubbing her pussy with one hand and holding on with the other. I saw that she was moving her hips constantly in a slow subtle way, and she was trying not to let people notice her squirming. "OOH my pussy is burning," she said. "Do you like it when I talk like that, or should I stop?" "Don't stop on my account," I said and she giggled again. "Don't make me laugh or I'll pee!" she said. "I think I have to sit for a minute." Angela sat down next to me and started squirming in her seat like a little girl and was banging her thighs together as she squirmed. "I really gotta go, but this is getting me really hot too. These jeans are really tight and they are rubbing against my pussy. It helps me to hold it in but at the same time I get really, really, really horny." She said this into my ear and began to pant a little. "Next one's my stop," she said and stood up in the aisle next to the seat. I moved over to the end of the seat and Angela leaned back like she was looking out the front window of the bus. This put her pussy right into my face and I got a good sniff of her. She smelled clean with a hint of sex and pee. I now had a raging hard on and I was embarrassed to get up, and besides, I knew some of the people in the bus had gotten a good look at our antics. I looked back a couple of seats and a guy sitting there grinned and gave me a thumbs–up sign. I smiled and got up and Angela and I got off the bus. "I'm just over here," Angela said, and we waited at the corner for the light to change. It took a few minutes and Angela was doing a slight pee dance, jiggling her leg and moving her hips around. She reached down and rubbed her pussy with two fingers and squirmed her hips and said: "I'm so hot I'm on fire. I'm either going to piss in my jeans or come in them. Maybe both! Am I going too fast for you?" "Don't worry you're fine." "Good.... then when we get to my apartment will you eat my pussy?" "You said dinner at your place, right?" We both laughed again and she grabbed her crotch and squatted down on the sidewalk. After a few seconds she got up again and said: "I almost lost it that time. Please don't make me laugh anymore." "I can't promise anything in that regard." At that she putted her arm in mine and we headed up the steps to her building.
TO BE CONTINUED
Jiggledigger.