Title: Hot Stuff

By: Alura

Harry went around the damn park five times before he finally spotted his client. Once he got a load of her, he was sorry to have kept her waiting, but he'd had a bit of trouble finding the rendezvous spot she described in her note, and daylight was fading fast from the autumn sky. But there she was, seated elegantly on a wrought iron bench in front of one of the park's working fountains, from which water cascaded endlessly.

She was a looker, all right; a real class act, the hottest dame he'd ever laid eyes on. He'd have liked to lay more than that on her, come to think of it, but she wasn't the type to fall for a two-bit dick like him. Long, sleek legs, encased in sheer dark hose, disappeared a few inches above the knee into the snugly tailored skirt. The matching fitted jacket seemed a bit light for the brisk weather, but it hugged her trim waist as well as her full, well-supported breasts.

He tried to envision the satin and lace that caressed her creamy skin underneath the tasteful suit. A filmy scarf was wrapped softly around her long neck, and a fashionable hat with a cheek-length veil perched on her immaculate auburn coiffure. As she sat on the bench, one leg crossed over the other, her expensively shod foot wagged its high-heeled pump restlessly and her full mouth puffed on a slim cigarette, leaving a trace of red lipstick on the filter.

Recollecting his lateness, he walked quickly toward her, suddenly regretting his own stained and ill-fitting clothing. "Mrs. Holden?" he inquired. "Harry Waters." He removed his battered fedora respectfully.

She raised her veiled face and glanced at his proffered hand dismissively. "Well, it's about time," she murmured. "I'd just about given up."

Her warm, low voice went through him like a knife through butter. He started feeling like he'd better sit down, and soon. "Sorry about the delay, ma'am, but I had a bit of trouble locating the spot in the twilight. Awful lot of trees and benches and fountains around this park."

"Some detective you are," she growled, shifting impatiently on the seat and tossing her filter tip onto the ground, where her elegant shoe crushed it ruthlessly. "I should have been home by now."

"Would you like to reschedule?"

"Impossible. My husband watches me like a hawk. Two late lunches with my sister in one week would make him suspicious, and I have to recover the bracelet before he finds out it's missing." She uncrossed her legs briefly and sighed, then crossed them the other way, towards Harry. He couldn't resist a peek, masked by lighting a cigarette of his own, and was rewarded with a flash of stocking tops, soft skin and lacy underthings. In other words, Heaven.

Casually, he swung one foot up on the bench to camouflage his reaction to this sight. When he looked at her face again, she had little pucker of disgust in her rouged lips. "How can I help you, ma'am?"

She leaned forward a little and brushed something off her shoe, then folded her hands tightly in her lap, pressing them down against her thigh. She was anxious as hell, there was no doubt about that, but she came across cool as an iceberg. "I need you to retrieve my bracelet from the pawn shop across the street. They're closing in a half hour, so it's a rush." The foot resting on the ground raised up on its toe and her clutched hands pressed down harder.

"The ticket and money are in this envelope." With one hand she opened her purse and fumbled for the envelope, while the other hand remained pressed tightly against her upper leg. Her thighs were squashed together so firmly Harry suddenly suspected the little lady hadn't visited the powder room after her last cup of coffee, but the look she gave him as she handed over the envelope was cool and level. "I'll give you your fee when you return with the bracelet. Is that clear, Mr. Waters?"

"Yes, ma'am, Mrs. Holden." He took the envelope and hesitated a moment before taking his leg down from the bench, as his own private dick was still kind of hardboiled. "Can I get you anything else? It's a bit chilly out here. Cup of coffee to warm you up?"

Her cool underwent a temporary meltdown at this question; she squirmed on the bench like a worm faced with the early bird and bit her lip, then snapped, "No, thank you, just get the bracelet. And hurry."

He smiled. "You didn't say please."

She clenched her teeth and shifted her beautifully rounded bottom some more. "Please," she quavered testily, squeezing her sleek thighs together under her skirt and pushing urgently downwards with her hands.

It would be a shame to ruin a nice fabric like that, Harry mused, but there were no "conveniences" in this little neighborhood park so far from Mrs. Holden's Fifth Avenue address. As he walked away briskly, Harry wondered what she'd do about her little problem while he took care of business. The thought of that high class, perfectly tailored broad wetting her silky Saks drawers made Harry grateful for the coverage afforded by his trench coat, which he hastily buttoned up over his persistent bulge.

It took about fifteen minutes to recover the bracelet, and he could hardly wait to see what shape the steel-willed Mrs. Holden was in by then. As desperate as she was before he left, and with the brisk air and the constant, suggestive running of the fountain, her suffering could only have grown in that quarter hour.

He imagined her smoothly manicured hands pressing more and more tightly against her silk-covered pussy, possibly even reaching up under her skirt around the back when things got overwhelming. Perhaps her skirt had hiked up enough to reveal more of her stockings and chemise, before the pressure grew so irresistible she had to hop up and spread her sleek legs as the golden flood poured onto the ground beneath her. Or maybe she'd remained still as a statue as the dam broke and flooded the ground under the bench; perhaps her dignity wouldn't permit her to acknowledge a loss of control. He pictured her sitting there with her hands neatly folded, staring at the fountain as pee cascaded out of her.

The bulge which had gone down during his dealings with the pawnbroker returned with redoubled force, and he reached into his coat pocket to shift it to a more comfortable position, wishing he could finish off the fantasy right now. But he was increasingly anxious to see Mrs. Holden's condition. His steps accelerated as the bench came into view.

She was clamped down even more tightly, her big purse covering her lap and her hands. There was no puddle under the bench. Yet. Harry hastened up to her; she was shivering spasmodically in spite of her efforts to control it; she was looking determinedly away from the fountain's cascading waters. "Here you are, ma'am. All taken care of. You must be chilled to the bone, ma'am."

"I'm fine," she snapped through clenched teeth. "Here's your money. Now go." When he looked at her, she added a facetious, "Please."

"If you don't mind my saying so, ma'am, looks like you're still in a bit of trouble."

Her eyes widened under the veil. "What? What do you mean?"

"Well, you're pretty far from home, and I'm thinking you're in need of further assistance."

Her hands dug into her lap under her purse. "I don't know what you mean. Now would you please move along?"

"How much coffee did you have before you came here? That fountain must be driving you nuts." She didn't answer, just shivered violently and leaned forward on the bench. "Back teeth floating yet?"

She drew her breath in with an indignant hiss. "How dare you? You filthy, disgusting …" The fountain experienced a sudden surge and the trickling intensified. Her voice caught in a little gasp, but after some fancy wriggling she recovered enough to mutter, "Please go."

Harry leaned over her impertinently, knowing he had her trapped. "Not until you stand up, hot stuff." She glowered at me as best she could. "What are you going to do, call the police? You gotta get up to do that." He chuckled and glanced at the fountain. "Listen to that thing, will ya? Trickle, trickle, trickle … how many gallons do you suppose go through that at a time?"

The way her feet were moving - up and down, back and forth - and the way she was grinding her pelvis into the bench were sure signs that the end of her endurance had been reached. Harry wondered how this ball-buster was going to handle it, in that outfit. She glared up at him, smoldering behind the veil even as her elegantly manicured hands frantically administered pressure underneath her purse. It was a showdown, and she knew it. She reached a decision quickly.

"Get out of my way," she growled. He backed off and waited as she summoned all her strength, which was considerable. She bit her lips, grimaced and took a deep breath before unwelding her legs. She kept her purse clutched to her lap as she rose to her feet, still unbelievably dignified in spite of her extreme discomfort. Her eyes were riveted on Harry's and she stood about an inch from him, defiant and triumphant. "There. I'm standing. Happy?"

He stared at her in unbelieving admiration, his mouth open slightly, one hand thrust deeply into his trench coat pocket. "You are some kind of dame," he breathed jerkily. "Any other broad would've soaked her teddy or been bawling her eyes out by now. You are really something, lady."

The corner of Mrs. Holden's mouth quirked as she looked at Harry speculatively, then pushed the veil back on her hat to reveal a glorious pair of gray-green eyes. Her warm breasts pushed against him and her full red lips murmured, "Kiss me, Harry. Now!" Unbelievable. After all his rudeness and cruelty, she wanted him? Well, you never knew with these high class dames; give 'em a little attention and they're all over you.

As he eagerly pressed his lips against hers, she opened her legs and casually straddled one of his. Her hand reached into his trench coat pocket and with expert strokes brought him to the border of ecstasy, then stopped abruptly. "Come on, baby, finish it off," Harry gasped.

"Ladies first," she whispered back. She pressed herself more urgently against his leg and hitched her skirt up enough for him to feel the intense heat of her upper thighs - a heat which grew as they kissed. In fact, it absolutely burned. In fact it was scalding, boiling down his leg into his sock, before his brain kicked in and he realized what she was up to. But by then she had pulled away, yanked her skirt back into place swiftly and stepped back to survey the damage. It was considerable; Harry's trouser leg was drenched from the upper thigh to the cuff, and an impressive puddle had formed around his shoe. To the observer, it was Harry who had lost control. Mrs. Holden's skirt had suffered very little damage, and her dark hose made the wetness on her own legs undetectable.

"Thank you, Mr. Waters," she purred politely. "You've been a tremendous help." With that, she pulled her veil back over her face and walked away, sultry and unruffled, her handbag swinging from her arm.

