Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 4)

by Francine

Chapter 4. Searching

Paula's mind kept coming back to the situations in which she placed herself. She felt an almost irresistible urge to engage in the activities she had found so stimulating, knowing at her age that time was running out on her, yet she knew whatever she chose to do must be done with utmost discretion. She could not chance further episodes involving someone like Erwin, or another co-worker. Also, if she continued to engage in outdoor activities as she had done on Saturday, surely she would be seen and word would get back to Stan or others who knew her well. As exhilarating as the experience had been, she knew she could not safely continue it. Somehow, somewhere, she wanted to find an opportunity to engage in something just a bit wild, something that would test her physical limits and would play to her psychological needs. Something, she knew, for which her husband would not have either sympathy or enthusiasm.

Gradually she realized her best opportunity would be on her frequent business trips. She was a frequent traveler, though in the not so distant future she would be facing retirement and her opportunities would fade. Just now, though, she had several trips scheduled over the coming several weeks. Surely, somewhere is those places she was scheduled to visit, would be a place or an event in which she might indulge those fantasies that kept running through her head.

She went over the little booklets she had picked up in her travels - those that listed activities, places of interest, and scheduled events in local areas. She had saved these when she traveled. She scanned personal ads in the newspaper, looking for something that might suggest the opportunity she sought.

As she had the chance, she began to scan internet sites on places of what seemed to be called alternative life styles. Many of these looked frightening, but she was intrigued. She found sites describing clubs and events which, at a younger age, she would never have found of interest, but now they seemed strangely attractive. None could she find, however, that seemed to fit the profile of a sixty year old female looking for a very special kind of experience in a setting that would be both safe and deeply erotic in her special way.

She found message boards that seemed to speak to some of her interest. Over several days, she scanned them, looking for an indication of some coming activity that might relate to the needs she perceived. She found few, and never did she respond, feeling a strong inhibition against entering into the discussions. After all, these were, it seemed, younger people, and who knows what kind of reply she might get if she indicated any interest in the subjects?

For two weeks she monitored boards and sites, looking for something that seemed to fit her interests. Finally, she mustered her courage, and posted a brief comment on a board that seemed to have most appeal. Her short message, simply said, "Older woman interested in experiencing alt life experience, esp mild bondage, maybe urinary control. Can travel. Any places in:" she added several geographic regions where she might travel, but not including her home locality. She added no e-mail address, but signed with a pseudonym "Pauline". Now, she thought, that wasn't Paula, but close enough she could relate to it.

Nervously, a day later she opened the site. There were several replies, generally courteous but not specific. Three suggested web sites she might visit. Two simply said they would reply if she would post an e-mail address. 

Nervously, reluctantly, she decided to add her e-mail. She took the precaution of obtaining a new mail box, for which she gave the name of Pauline Inquirer. She thought that would sound like the pseudonym it was.

Within a day she opened her mail box to view an assortment of messages. Many were SPAM directing her to pornographic sites. Several made crude overtures which she quickly deleted. She began to regret making her address available.

Nonetheless, she visited the suggested web sites and links which took her to others. Discouraged and frustrated, she gave up the effort and stopped looking at the e-mail in the Pauline box. For days she never opened it.

Then, one evening, a bit bored, she decided to check it again. Wading through junk messages, she found little of interest until almost the end. Then, she opened a message addressed to Pauline.

"Pauline. Perhaps we can show you something that will interest you. If you are truly interested in an event and an adventure that you will find safe and stimulating, among people who will respect you and protect your privacy, contact me." A location was mentioned that was in one of the areas she had listed. The message was signed simply "Mitch". 

She thought carefully. In two weeks she had a presentation to make in an area near the city mentioned. The message intrigued her.

She drafted her reply several times, rethinking after each effort. At long last she came up with one that seemed to convey her thoughts, but with a suitable degree of reserve.

"Mitch", she wrote. "Your suggestion is of interest to me. Your location is indeed an area which I might reach in the near future, but perhaps you will tell me more of the type of experience you might offer. Safety and privacy is of great concern. I must tell you again I am an older person, sixty at present, and am unfamiliar with events of this type, which nonetheless interest me. Pauline."

She waited for a response. In two days it came.

"Pauline. The society of which I am a part conducts events for our members and invited guests, usually monthly. The events we plan involve alternative lifestyles, elements of what some would call power exchanges, sometimes involving elements of bodily display, but we never permit either forced or consensual sexual contact among participants. Our events are private, and names of participants are not made known. The limits of each participant is respected, and each must consent to the activity in advance. Urinary control is a feature of interest to many of our members, and is often featured, as is bodily exposure involving mild forms of restraint. Age is not a limiting factor. If you wish to explore interest, respond as you may wish."

Paula's heart leapt. She could hardly believe she had reached such a group, in reality. It seemed somewhat like a dream.

Then she thought carefully. "What am I getting myself into?" she wondered. "Is it safe? Even though he says so, what will I really experience? How can I be sure?" 

She hesitated another two days, then dispatched a carefully thought out reply.

Quickly she had a response. The pace of the exchange picked up. She found out that there was indeed an event planned for a Friday evening of the week she was to make her next trip, to a location only a few miles away. The event was set for eight o'clock on Friday evening, to run until well past midnight. Mitch had indicated she could visit, as a guest, if she chose, and observe the proceedings. 

"But not", Mitch added to his message, "as our Special Guest. To be a Special Guest you would need to consent to some very special arrangements that would be made just for you, and this we would only do after you had visited with us and decided you wanted to participate in this way."

Paula wondered just what the "Special Guest" status might involve. She had an idea it would be considerably more than just being an observer. Mitch did make it clear, though, that as a visiting first time guest, she would incur no cost, be under no obligation, and could leave at any time she chose.

Paula was still uneasy about the situation. Acknowledging she could be in the area, she asked how she might get to the place of the event, and indicated she would prefer not to go alone or in the company of an unknown man.

In response. Mitch assured her a woman could meet her and pick her up, and would give her the exact location before they departed. If she then felt uncomfortable with the arrangements, she could opt to decline attendance.

She debated the wisdom of what she was doing. None of this, of course, had she made known to Stan. He knew only that she would be leaving on Wednesday and would not be back until some time on Saturday. She started to work out her itinerary around Mitch's invitation.

She planed to depart early Wednesday afternoon. Her seminar and presentation was scheduled for Thursday. Friday morning she had tentatively scheduled a meeting with two clients. She knew she could well finish and return home Friday evening, but she elected to stay over Friday night and schedule a flight home on Saturday. She could devise a plausible reason for her delayed return to explain to Stan. Her company would care not at all as she would not again be in her office until Monday anyway.

She made her arrangements.

