Earlier today I had my first wetting experience (Playing Sick), and I can't stop thinking about it! I remember the warmth forming between my legs. I remember orgasming like I never have before as the pee flooded my panties. It was the most orgasmic experience of my life, but I needed to make it better. Last time I peed on the toilet. This time I would need to do something more exotic!
I lay back on my bed, again trying to study for my test. After all, I do have a test today. I tried to think of equations, but all I could think of was the sight of that wonderful dark patch growing in my panties earlier today. My panties were white and the pee was wet; it felt so good. It even flooded my bottom as I sat on the toilet, peeing my panties. But enough about that, I need to study for this test.
Okay, I give up. I will study after I masturbate one more time. Certainly after that I will be able to concentrate and pass this test. This time I need to cum like I have never cum before. I need to pee my panties again. I only have one problem; I don't need to pee.
As I drink all the water I can, I stop to think. Today is the day I can do all the things I have ever wanted to do. With this, and the desire to pee in mind, I think of my parents' liquor cabinet. I have never drunk alcohol before, but have heard it makes you pee. It seems perfect. I have wanted to drink the alcohol in the cabinet for a while, and now I wanted to pee. It was all too perfect.
I don't know anything about alcoholic drinks, but I have heard about rum and coke. Rum was in the cabinet, and coke was in the refrigerator.
After three rum and cokes, I felt good. I could cum right now, but I didn't want to. I wanted to feel the pee again. Last time I peed my panties sitting on the toilet. This time I wanted to pee myself somewhere else, but where?
I had the best idea yet! I would lay in my bed with the covers over me, and pee. I know I tried this before, but this time I was drunk!! I pulled the covers over me and lay on my back. The need to pee was growing, and I felt the need to rub myself to stop from peeing.
When I rubbed myself, I almost cummed, but I didn't. I still only had my panties and half–shirt on. I felt this would be unfulfilling as I wanted to feel more warmth. I needed something to soak up the golden warmth. My tight gymnastics pants may work. I pictured the pee spreading in the gymnastics pants, but felt they would let all the heat out. I then sighted my best tightest jeans. These would be the best. I pulled them on. I rubbed myself a little more, as I drank one more rum and coke. There was no way around it, I was drunk, I needed to pee, and I was horny. Here I was, under all of my blankets, in my tightest jeans, drunk, horny, and desperate.
I rub myself and play with my tits. I can come at any time, but I need to pee to feel the best. I lay back and relax. I concentrate all my thoughts on the warmth, but still hesitate. I rub myself again and begin to feel myself peeing. The need is overwhelming, but something keeps me from letting go. I rub my thighs and nipples, and start to imagine pee flowing in my pants.
Here it comes; the warmth is here. I am drunk, but I still feel the pee. I lay back on the bed and pee forms on my panties. It is so warm, and it's growing. It has flooded by panties and my jeans. Look at my jeans, what a patch. I see it growing, and it feels great. This is the best algebra test ever!!!
By: Susan Beach