Hello, I'm 38 and I'm an Italian–American living on the west coast...but this story is not about myself. It's a story about a girlfriend that I had once... her name was Lindsay (that's not her real name of course) and we were both 19 back then. I won't waste time trying to describe her, but I tell you she was very pretty. Picture her as you will ;) We had been dating for almost two years so we were pretty comfortable talking about just about everything. One thing that I noticed was that she had a small bladder, like, she always had to go to the bathroom very often.
She was the kind of girl who would come out of a movie almost peeing her pants or would have to stand up and go pee in the middle of the movie. So there was this one time when she casually said she wished she had a bigger bladder... which was when I offered to "coach" her. At first she like, looked at me with a funny face as if I was kidding but then I said it was for real, if she wanted I'd coach her into being able to hold pee. She laughed at the idea and I thought she had forgotten about it.
But about a month later we went to a movie and it was so good that she didn't want to leave to pee so when we got to the end she said she needed to stop by the ladies and needed it pretty bad. "Will my coach allow it?" she asked, kidding, and it took me a moment to jump my memory as to what that was about. I just laughed and took her to the place where the toilets were but there was like this huge line to the girl's bathroom and I saw Lindsay looking at it in dismay.
"Looks like it'll be a while..." I said, looking at the line too.
"Sorry to make you wait baby, I really have to go," she answered and joined the line. It's not like she was desperate, but she just thought she shouldn't leave the mall without peeing first. Getting over that concept was of course, one of the first lessons I was going to "coach" her about...
"Say we go home... it's a fifteen minute drive after all, and it'll take you a lot longer than that to wait here in line..." I suggested.
She looked at me, looked at the line then back at me and said "yeah, I guess you're right" and she reluctantly stepped out of the line and went with me to the parking lot outside.
As we got in the car I asked, "Are you all right? I mean; do you have to go bad?"
"I have to go pretty bad, believe me, but I can wait till we get to your place."
So we got there (oh yea, my parents were out of town so we had the house to ourselves – this was no big thing since my parents used to travel a lot back then so we were kind of used to being alone in the house).
She got out of the car and I saw her press her thighs together as she was waiting for me to open the door to the house.
We got in the house and she made a beeline to the bathroom. I crossed in front of her to tease her and she said "C'mon, don't do that, I have to pee..." and went around me to continue her way toward the bathroom.
"What if your coach says you shouldn't?" I tried out saying, afraid of what she would answer. She stopped at the bathroom threshold and glanced back, pressing her thighs together again.
"What do you mean I shouldn't?" she asked suspiciously.
"I mean, if you want... I'll coach you into getting less dependent on the bathroom... like you said once..." it was really awkward; I wished I hadn't said anything. But it turned out that she accepted it from that point on, so I thanked myself for having had that idea.
"And the coaching begins now??" she asked, slightly bringing a knee in front of the other but not crossing her legs all the way.
"Yeah, right now!" I answered more confidently.
"Can't I just pee before? Real quick?" she asked.
"Like I said... it's your choice... I'm not going to stop you. I just think that you shouldn't pee right now," I said like I didn't care.
"I haven't peed since before the movie in case you didn't notice," she answered, trying to persuade me to let her pee.
"Well, neither have I, and I don't feel any need to go. At all," I answered.
"I have to go so bad" she pleaded.
"Then go," I answered quickly. Reverse psychology really does wonders.
"All right!" she said with a decided face. "When can I pee, coach?"
Now we were talking. "Will & Grace is on in 15 minutes." God I hated that show, but she liked it and always watched it. "Pee right after it finishes."
She bit her lip and glanced back at the inviting toilet trying to resist the temptation of sitting there, pulling her pants down and ahhhhh... NO she had to stop thinking about that.
"Okay, but if I have to go real bad I'm going to go early," she said.
"No problem. Like I said, no one is stopping you..."
Like I said, reverse psychology does wonders. She took it as a challenge.
"I'll pee when it ends, all right," she accepted and backed away from the bathroom and came to the sofa.
When the first commercial break came in I noticed her fidgeting, adjusting her pants and with her hand close to her crotch.
"Lesson number one. Don't think about it. Act normal. C'mon, relax and enjoy the show like everything is normal."
"I can't relax too much unless you'd want a wet couch. God I have to pee," she protested.
"C'mon ignore it... you don't have to pee. It's all in your mind."
"Yeah, then there's like a gallon of 'mind' in my bladder!"
"If you have to go pee, just do it..." I answered. That was a killer.
"All right! Won't be long until W&G is over anyway," she answered trying to convince herself.
"That's the spirit."
I saw her shift position and sit cross–legged.
"That's a no–no," I intervened, putting one hand on each of her legs and uncrossed them gently, placing them slightly apart.
"What do you mean I can't cross my legs? It's normal..."
"I know you never cross your legs watching TV at home... you're just doing it because you have to pee!" I accused.
"All right, so I'm crossing my legs because I haven't peed in ages, so what?"
"Leave that to when you're desperate to pee... for now, no crossing and no grabbing yourself. Act normal..." I explained.
She looked at me with a funny face but accepted. "All right," she sat back with her legs slightly apart and pulled her hand well away from her crotch.
A few minutes later the next commercial break came in and she crossed her legs again and she quickly uncrossed them when I glanced at her. "Okay, okay, no crossing, no crossing" she said, feeling that I was about to reprimand her.
She tried to sit still during the commercials but I saw her toes wriggling and she seemed desperate to cross her legs.
The show came on again and she started fidgeting a lot and didn't seem to mind my silent criticism. When the next commercial break came it she stood up and walked quickly to the bathroom, keeping her legs tightly together...
"Giving up?" I said.
She stopped and turned back to face me, "C'mon I almost made it to the end of the show, you can go on coaching me some other time... I have to go pretty bad!" and turned back and got in the bathroom.
She half–closed the door and I knew by the sound of it that she was taking her jeans and panties off and sitting on the toilet. She was going to pee any moment now.
"You disappoint me soldier," I said jokingly, and she laughed.
I was expecting to hear a waterfall of pee but to my surprise I didn't hear anything. I just heard the sound of her zipping her zipper and buttoning back up and coming out of the bathroom biting her lip.
"W&G is almost over right? This is the last commercial break?"
I smiled broadly. "Good girl!" I said. Then I made a suspicious face. "Sure you didn't pee?"
"Look at me, does it look like I peed?" She was crossing her legs with her knees bent.
"Hell no," I said. "Not even a little drop?" I insisted.
"Nothing baby. One hundred percent dry. Zero pee sir." That was her attempt at army–talk– hahaha.
She sat back on the couch with her legs crossed. I was going to say something but she said it first.
"Crossing legs now a must," she said quickly and resumed her attention on holding her pee.
Halfway through the last part of W&G she shoved her right hand between her legs and looked about to scream in need. But then it eased off and she went back to looking just uncomfortable.
W&G finally ended and she made a face of absolute relief and said, "Thank God. I have freaking lake Mississippi here between my legs."
She got up and limped to the bathroom with her legs crossed.
"I can pee now, right?" she asked me with a pained expression, afraid that I'd make up something else to prevent her from going.
"If you want... but there's one last thing," I said sadistically.
She grimaced in need. "What it is now?" she asked impatiently.
"You are a lady, you shouldn't run to the bathroom like that, as if you were some kid..." I said.
"What do you mean???" she asked, hopping on one foot.
"C'mon, come over here," I said, pointing to where I was, which was near the couch and about 20 steps away from the bathroom.
"I'm about to pour a freaking gallon of pee on your carpet and you're telling me to walk over there just to walk back again to the bathroom?" she asked.
"No, you'll walk back to the bathroom like a lady should. With elegance."
She grimaced and looked at the toilet, so near... she could just blow it all over and rush there to pee and she needed it so bad. But her pride didn't allow it.
She hobbled back to the place I was pointing to and stood there with her legs crossed and hopping around.
"Now, calmly say that you'll go to the bathroom and go there slowly and elegantly. No crossing legs, no grabbing, no hopping. You can do it."
"I'll go to the bathroom" she said hurriedly to comply with the instructions and walked not so slowly but without grabbing herself when she arrived near the threshold I stopped her and she looked as if she was going to murder me right there.
"A lady doesn't say it like that. Go back and try again... and walk slower. I want to feel class and elegance," I demanded.
She clenched her teeth. "You bastard, c'mon, I can barely think anymore, my pee is about to start coming out of my ears for heavens sake!"
"Your call..." I said. Ha! Reverse psychology.
She limped back to the starting spot again, took a deep breath, made a "rich madam with poodle" face and said calmly, "Excuse me while I go freshen up" and started walking slowly to the bathroom, with small and light steps. I was impressed. If I didn't know better I'd hardly tell that behind that acting there was a bladder filled up to the size of a watermelon and that she had been pleading to pee for hours. For a moment I got suspicious that she had snuck up and peed while I was not looking.
She made it to the threshold where I stopped her again, but this time she acted out a calm face and said "So, Mr. Coach, satisfied? May I go freshen up now?" She was perfectly still. But the truth is that she was using up her last ounce of strength to keep the act together. She felt her pee start crawling out of her bladder and pushing down on her pee–hole.
She was sooo sexy, trying to make a lady impression and at the same time with a nearly exploding bladder... I just had to kiss her loudly and run my hands up and down her body. I ran my hands down her belly and she complained as I pressed against her lower abdomen – damn! It was rock hard– she wasn't faking at all. She kissed me back and we started to make out but then she grunted and I felt something wet. I looked down and saw her completely leaking pee all over and it just kept coming out and coming out like there was no end to it. I think she never held that much pee in her life. We kept making out and well... she ended up not needing a bathroom at all but we did need several towels. I was impressed at how much her little bladder managed to hold.
By: Antonio G.