Madeleine 2: Under Pressure
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique 

Madeleine stopped her work for a moment and looked at the clock. She was in a bit in a hurry because she had three appointments with lessors to find a new flat. Time has passed so quickly this afternoon, and she had to be at the first address in under an hour. Madeleine did her best to finish her work before running to her car, touching up her make-up on the way. Ten minutes into the journey, she realized for the first time that she had not used the toilet before leaving, and now felt a slight urge to pee. She tried to remember her last visit of the restrooms, realizing with a shock of surprise that she hadn't been since lunchtime. She considered trying to stop somewhere to do something about her bladder, but then decided that her need for relief was tolerable and kept driving.

It was a serious miscalculation. Her desire to pee increased with alarming speed, and fidgeting as she drove, she wondered why it was builing up so fast? Sure, she had been sitting at her desk the entire afternoon, and she supposed that her bladder had been steadily filling without sending out any urgent signals for attention. Now she was on the move, her treacherous muscles had relaxed and she was now forced to seriously clench them to keep from losing control.

At last, she came in the area where the the first flat was located, and had to force her conentration of making all the right turns to find the address. After what seemed like an hour, she finally arrived and parked on the roadside, grateful that there was a space right outside the building and she had not been forced to walk.

As she climbed out of the car, Madeliene was relieved to find that the sharp urge to pee had abated for the moment, although she still felt the sensation of a really full bladder. At least she could walk fairly normally and retain her dignity.

After a few minutes, Madeleine found the apartment and rang the bell. The man who opened the door to welcome her was old and looked a little bit leery, but she didn't feel she could just turn and leave at this stage. She followed him up a flight of stairs to the second floor where he opened another door, this one to the flat itself.

He spent the next few minutes conducting her from room to room, pointing out the flat's highlight. Madeleine was pleasantly surprised by how nice it actually looked: clean, well-appointed, nice furniture instead of the usual cast-offs used to populate most rental properties. It was only when the man showed her the bathroom that she remembered her need to pee, and imagined how good it would feel to sit on the bowl and let it go. She resisted the urge to ask. She really didn't want to look like a school girl in front of this odd little man, whose decision it would be whether or not she got the flat. Struggling to keep her composure, followed him as he continued the tour, trying not to draw attention to her need to pee.

When the tour was over, the little man started offering her information about the cost of the flat, and telling her a little about the neighbours and so on. He was very talkative and constantly managed to deflect the convesation away from the business at hand. After half an hour of this, Medeleine was both anxious to get going to view the next flat on her list, and to do something about her now bulging bladder which was sending signals for attention with steadily decreasing intervals. She found herself crossing her legs, first one way and then other. It was only when she finally tried to stand that she realized she was really in trouble.

Desperate to bring the interview to a close, she fought the urge to cross her legs while standing, still unwilling to betray her desperation. She glanced at her watch, noting that she was going to be late for the next appointment, and would now probably not have time to find a toilet before keeping it. Under her breath, she cursed this voluble little man who was delaying her. Unable to stand still any longer, Madeleine interrupted her host in the middle of an interminable story, and explained that she really had to be going. Again, she was sorely tempted to ask to use his bathroom, but stiffening her resolve, she determined to make herself hold it until she could find a gas station of nearby pub.

She gratefully took her leave and hurried to her car, her need to pee suddenly reaching a new peak. She stood there fumbling with her keys, hopping from foot to foot and tapping her heels. She was frantic to get into the car where she could sit and cross her legs for a minute before driving on.

Sitting down was certainly a relief, but she was now so desperate, she realized she simply had to find somewhere to relieve herself before visiting the next flat. On her way, she squirmed in her seat, the pressure on her abdomen now extreme. Focused on her urgent need to pee, she missed the turning onto the road she was looking for, and had to drive on a way before finding somewhere to turn and go back, wasting more precious minutes.

She was starting to bounce in her seat, and realized she was very close to losing control. She didn't dare get out of the car like this because she knew she would just wet herself as soon as she stood up. Instead, she tried to calm herself down, telling herself that she would make it if she didn't panic. She looked for anywhere that might have a public lavatory, but she couldn't see anything even remotely promising. Then she was outside flat number two, and knew she simply had to hold her pee until she got inside. This time, however, there would be no hiding her desperation from the owner. This time, she would ask to use the bathroom right away.

Stepping out onto the pavement, she quickly looked around, hoping to see a pub; something. But it was all just residential properties. She would have to go on waiting for relief.

When she reached the flat and rang the door bell, no one answered the summons. Madeleine groaned: the lessor wasn't there yet! Now she had to fight the urge to pee for even longer. She considered going back to the car, but decided to wait in front of the door, trying not to dance around too much, but it was almost impossible for her to keep still now.

After three minutes of waiting, she felt was more in control again and managed to stood there with her legs slightly apart, not looking desperate. She glanced along the road to see if anyone was coming, but there was no sign of anyone. She winced: How much longer? As the next wave of urgency assailed her, she started to pace up and down. Walking helped her to maintain control, but by this time, her bladder felt like it would not be able to stretch any further. She was running out of time. Clenching her teeth, she drew her phone from her bag and called the lessor's number. He answered at once, and in response to her question, he explained that she would have to wait a few minutes more because he was stuck in traffic.

Madeleine moaned. She really needed a toilet now and was barly able to cover her desperation. She hobbled back to her car and sat down. Instead of helping, this merely tightened the waistband of her skirt, making it cut into her abandom. At least here she had more privacy, and sat there shaking her legs and holding her crotch. If this went on much longer, she was going to burst! Unable to bear the pressure, she pulled her waistband away from her body and loosened her belt. The pressure subsided a little, just enough to allow her to go back out in public again without having to do a pee dance.

After maybe ten or twelve minutes, the lessor arrived. He was about sixty years old and very untidy. Suppressing the urge to grimance, Madeleine put on her professional smile and shook his hand.

He let her into the flat and led her to the kitchen first, apparently assuming that a woman always wanted to see this first. Madeleine, who had been on the verge of asking to use the bathroom, paused in surprise. The kitchen was in amazing condition, better than the one in the first flat. She felt s thrill of excitement; this could very well be the flat for her. Her job was short-lived because of her frantic desire to pee, but she resisted the impulse to ask about the bathroom just yet. She felt it wasn't quite appropriate to ask the minute after she walked in the door. Besides, the man was busy talking to her. What was it with men who had properties to lease and this endless chatter?

Madeleine did her best to concentrate on what the man was saying, but her tortured bladder was foremost on her mind, and she knew the time was fast approaching when she would absolutely have to do something about it. She made herself wait as little bit longer, nodding in what she hoped were all the right places as the man described the utilities to her in excruciating detail. She caught herself fumbling with her waistband, and forced her hands back to her sides. Oh, she was about to burst. She had to ask him very, very soon.

Another, terrible wave of desperation hit her, making her stomach muscles cramp, making her gasp. She suppressed the sound as best she could, but the man gave her an odd, inquisitive look. "Is something wrong?" he asked, worried perhaps that she didn't like the flat.

"No, not at all," she answered, appalled to hear the strain in her voice as she spoke. "Um, actually, I wonder if I could use your bathroom?"

The man didn't seem to understand at first, and asked why she didn't want to see it. Madeleine shook her head, plunging both hands into her pockets as she explained that she needed to pee.

"Oh dear. I'm sorry. The bathroom isn't working."

"Not working?" she asked, her voice suddenly a little shrill.

"The flat has not been plumbed in yet. There's no water. It's scheduled for next week."

Madeleine, shocked and right on the verge of wetting herself, stood there speechless. She had to pee. She was absolutely about to burst! How could the plumbing not be working? Trying to control her rising panic, she said as calmly as she could manage. "I see. Alright, I'll just have to wait."

They resumed the tour, the man leading madeleine from the kitchen into the living room. As the man talked, she started to tap her right foot, then the left, no longer able to stand still at all. The man looked at her legs and raised his eyebrows. "Wow! I think you really do need to pee."

Embarrassed, Madeleine forced herself to stand still, but she could only keep it up for a few seconds before the need to struggle overcame her again. She pressed both legs together and clenched her muscles shut as hard as she possibly could, but she knew that she couldn't hold it any longer. Once again, she began dancing around, and now she noticed that the lessor seemed to be enjoying this. She fought to control her anger at the old sadist and fought to compose herself again, but without sucess. She really had to pee now!

She rammed both hands deep in her pockets again and started bouncing up and down. She knew from earlier experiences that she would be forced to wet herself during the next minutes. She became more and more frantic and interrupted the old man's diatribe.

"I really need to pee. Please, I have to use the bathroom."

"Ive already explain, you can't," he replied, smiling at her with obvious enjoyment at her dilemma.

"Where's the nearest public toilet then?" Madeleine asked, her words tumbling out in her haste to be gone.

The man's grin broadened. "There's would be a gas station a few blocks away."

As Madeleine hurried towards the door, he called after her, "What do you want to do about the flat? Are you interested? If you are, this will only take a few more minutes."

Madeleine paused, tears brimming in her eyes because she knew she couldn't last any longer. The flat was awesome and she didn't want to lose it. Hopping from foot to foot, she begged him for a new appointment.

"Yes, alright," he agreed, and pulled out his diary to consult it.

Madeleine gasped. She couldn't bear any delay. "Look, I...I'll call you in t-ten minutes!" she shouted back as she walked stiffly out of the flat, her heavy bladder bouncing painfully with every step. She tried to hurry but she couldn't without running the risk of an accident. She didn't know how she managed to get back top her car without wetting herself, but somehow she managed to keep most of it in. Only a small squirt escaped into her underwear as she opened the door and sank onto the driver's seat. She started the engine and started driving, having no idea where she was going. She bounced her upper body up and down, so very close to peeing on the car seat.

More by luck than judgement, she found the gas station and performed a dangerous maneuvre as she crossed the street and drove onto the forecourt. She tried to stop as close to the toilets as possible and almost fell out of her car, then hurried bent double towards the door marked women. With a tremendous effort, she managed to pull her hand away from her crotch and tried to walk normally as she approached the toilet door. If anyone got in her way at this stage, she would certainly pee in her pants. She was right on the edge of wetting herself.

She reached the toilet door and found it locked! She should have realized. Grimacing in pain, she hobbled to the main door and went inside and get the key. She franticly tried to hold back the flow, and rammed both hands back into her pockets. She was horrified to discover that this no longer helped at all. Instead, she pulled the waistband of her trousers away from her abdomen, her hands now trembling.

Just before she reached the door, she felt another little spurt escape and suddenly crouched down on her heel. It was the only way she could prevent herself from wetting her clothes any more. She tried to cover this action by fumbling at her shoe with one hand, the other still pressed deep into her crotch. The situation was now so bad that she couldn't stop massaging her pubic area.

After about ten long seconds she tried to stand up again, but found it impossible for take her hand away from her crotch. She held her bag in front of her to cover what she was doing and hobbled into the store.

Without even being asked, the attendant handed her the keys to the toilets. Madeleine didn't even feel humiliated that her predicament was so obvious. She couldn't think clearly, and for a few seconds become completly apathetic, almost resigned to wetting herself.

But then she felt another spurt escape from her, and this time she started to run to the toilets, ignoring her throbbing bladder. During this dash, she lost a few more spurts, unable to stop pee leaking out into her knickers now. The pain caused by running was sheer torture, and it forced her to stop once more to cross her legs. She made herself resume walking with tiny steps and stiff legs. It seemed to take forever to reach the door to the women's room.

When at last she made it, she had to stand there with her legs tightly crossed and with her knees bent as she inserted and turned the key. She literally fell inside, crouching down again to fight the next, incredibly painful wave of desperation. Half-sitting on the floor, she struggled to open her belt and jeans, then stood to pull down her pants in one swift movement. She covered the last few steps to the cubicle and dropped down onto the bowl with so much force that her pee shot out in an explosive jet. Madeleine sat there open-mouthed, moaning with relief as her bladder started to empty and the huge pressure she had been enduring for so long, finally started to subside.

She looked down at the crotch of her jeans, relieved to find the wet patch was a lot smaller than she expected. Her shoulders sagged as she went on peeing, totally exhausted. She felt too weary to even think about driving to her third appointment. She also didn't call the man from the second flat; she felt too ashamed to face him again.

