This is a true story.
My 2nd cousin Julia, myself, and other family and friends met up at the cemetery for the funeral of an aged great Aunt. It was not a sad event; she was over 90, but a chance to remember her life. It was a cool but nice bright January day, I saw Julia standing near the Chapel entrance, so I went over to say hello. She is 29, tall, slim, hazel eyes with mousy hair tied up. We exchanged a few words and she asked if I had been there before.
I said I had, so she asked if I knew if there was a toilet near by, as she badly needed to take a leak. I said I had used a men's room last time, which was in the basement down steps outside around the back, so I guessed that there would be a ladies' also. She said shed go and look, but just then the funeral cars came up the drive and Julia said, "oh well, too late now, I will have to hold it." We followed on inside and I sat in a row behind and a bit along from her. I could see she kept her legs tightly crossed during the service, except when we had to stand up several times during the next 30 minutes. Afterwards we all followed as the coffin was taken outside, to go up the top of the hill for burial. Julia and I had to ride in another car, she in the center of rear seat, me one end and an old chap other end.
As we rode up the driveway slowly, Julia asked how long we would be around the grave as she was now pretty desperate, so I told her maybe only ten minutes then another ten in car to the buffet. She remarked that there were not even any bushes around in case she couldn't hold on.
We were only ten minutes at the graveside and soon exiting the cemetery grounds in the car, however we did not reach the venue so quickly due to traffic. Julia asked me; with a pained look on her face, how much further did we have to drive, as she couldn't hold it much longer. I said we were past midway so not too long. Unable to cross her legs in the cramped car must have made matters worse. I took hold of her left hand and she held tightly on to mine, every now & then squeezing a bit more (I guess with each spasm of her bulging bladder) she also put her right hand down between her legs to press on her pee hole to help her tortured pussy dam up the torrent waiting to pour out. "Almost there," I told her, "How are you doing?" She said she might just make it now, but she had never known such agony, and would have gone behind a car in the cemetery if she had any idea that it would take this long!
We pulled into the hotel car park and the driver stopped a distance from the entrance. Julia asked if he could park nearer as she couldn't walk in her high–heeled shoes, an excuse, so he parked a few yards away. She could hardly get out of the car quick enough, but when she did had to stand still as her bladder no longer had the help of being seated. After regaining control, she walked as fast as she was able to the lobby and, not seeing any ladies' toilets around, in a panic ran to the reception desk and interrupted the guy on the telephone. She demanded, "Where are the ladies'–I need the toilets NOW!" The guy directed her around the corner and she ran off that way.
When I saw her next, a few minutes later I could see she had found relief, her face which was all tensed up before now beamed a relaxed smile and she looked gorgeous. "You made it then?" I said.
"Well, almost," she replied.
Stephen