Title: Beach Pee
	Entry to: Month 29
By: King P

Lisa and Carol had been in a lesbian relationship for four months. They were in holiday in Tenerife for the new year. Having had plenty to drink, they ran down to the beach from their hotel, found a secluded spot and cuddled up to each other. Carol really felt she needed the toilet, and so she went down to the sea, and started to unbutton her jeans. This aroused Lisa, and so she went up to her and helped her down with her knickers and started to get undressed herself. Carol found it difficult to mention the fact that her bladder was close to bursting, while Lisa was getting stuck into her. She started carressing Lisa as well. As Lisa was rubbing and licking Carol's sensitive clitoris, Carol found it more and more difficult to hold on.

Eventually it became too much for Carol, and a jet of urine shot out of her vagina, onto Lisa's face, and it gently rolled down her. Lisa was stuneed. "I'm so sorry," she said to her.

Lisa paused for a minute and considered the situation. She carressed rubbed the urine on her body with her hands. Then she put her hand to her mouth and smelled it. "Oh yes!" she said, and she licked her hand. "Come on, finish off the job then!" she said to Carol.

"Are you sure?" Carol asked.

"Definitely!" Lisa replied.

So Carol squatted over Lisa and great amounts of urine shot out of her vagina.

"Oui, oui!" Lisa shouted.

Carol laughed. Lisa slid up and down so she could get herself covered in Carol's urine. She opened hear mouth, and slid under the flow to get a mouthfull, which she swallowed. Eventually the flood came to a close. That remined Lisa how much she needed to go. She stood up, facing Carol and spread her legs wide apart. The urine jetted out of her, hitting the sand with such great force that it splashed back upwards.

"I really needed that!" Lisa said. "Please feel free to get involved yourself.

Carol hesitated.

"Come on!" Lisa said. "I don't want to be the only one covered in pee!

Carol hesitated, but then she put out a hand under the flow.

"Feels good!" she shouted. The last few drops were approaching, and Carol started to slide under it.

Lisa finished by which time both women were absolutely soaked.

"A quick dip in the sea?" Carol suggested. Lisa agreed and they ran down to the sea together. They decided not to stay in for long, as the water was freezing cold. They quickly rushed back and got towled off. They decided to get dressed again, as they were now freezing cold. There was a cafe just down from the beach and so they decided to get a drink of hot chocolate. This soon warmed them up. However their bladders had started to get full again, and so Lisa said to Carol, "I'm just off to the ladies".

Carol said, "I'm coming too."

As the approached, they noticed a large cue forming.

"This will be ages!" Lisa said.

Carol said to her,"If we run, we can get back to the hotel." So they left the cafe, and ran back towards the hotel. As they got back, Carol went into the ladies toilet at the bottom of the stairs.

"No, Carol!" Lisa said, pulling her away, we want more fun don't we. So they went upstairs to their hotel room. They both quickly took of their clothes and ran into the bathroom. Lisa lay down flat in the bath and lifted her legs in the air. Carol squatted over her. Both women began to urinate. After a few minutes they were both covered in urine, and so Lisa turned the shower on. They were both relieved to feel hot water pouring down on them. They rolled about in the bath for some time, and had some great lesbian sex together. After a while, they where both very tired, so they got dried off, and just slipped into bed. This day was a turning point in both their lives, and they both knew that they would have many more watersports experiences in the future.

