Title: Alien Interlude
	Entry to: Month 25
By: Frodo

This was their favorite drinking spot, and tonight Bill, Tracey, Sean and Christine were celebrating their last weekend together before they went their separate ways to college. The air was cool and crisp, the stars brilliant pinpoints, the moon a clearly three-dimensional object in the sky. From this hilltop one could see the subdued lights of several small towns as glowing islands in a vast sea of pine and oak. Save for distant peepers and the occasional stirrings of forest creatures, this was a place of silence and peace. Bill's four-wheel-drive had to labor up the logging road to get here, but it was worth the trouble.

The foursome had had a few beers, had paired off to enjoy each other's bodies one last time, and had just reconvened on Old Baldy, an immense granite knob that thrust itself above the low-bush blueberries and juniper. There was still more than a six-pack left, and they weren't leaving until the last drop was consumed.

A low humming sound, coming from nowhere and everywhere, brought them to full alertness. When they looked up, a large patch of stars had vanished, but before any of them could comment, a shaft of light enveloped them, numbing their senses. When their fogged vision cleared and the tingling subsided, they found themselves in a small, bare chamber.

Already frightened beyond all experience, they were startled by a disembodied voice, which spoke in a clear, if somewhat stilted, manner.

"Do not be afraid. We will not harm you. We only need to perform a brief examination and then we will return you undamaged to your location."

A hidden door slid open and a creature, about three feet high and obviously clad in a protective suit, pattered in on its four feet. From its upper body sprouted four appendages with hand-like ends, two of them holding small instruments. As the young captives stood there dumb and trembling, the alien being circled each of them, fingering their clothing and scanning them with the devices. 

Again the voice spoke.

"Your chemistry is unfamiliar to us. We had not thought carbon-oxygen-hydrogen life forms were possible. Indeed, the presence of so much toxic material on your planet was believed to preclude life of any sort. We may need to bring you to our primary vessel for more detailed examination."

Sean was the first to find his tongue. "Like hell you will!" he shouted as he drew Christine close to him.

"Keep your fuckin' hands off me!" Bill warned as he pushed the suited creature away.

"There is no need for violence," the voice admonished. The alien scuttled through the door, which closed without a trace.

"Now what the fuck are we gonna do?" Bill asked the others.

"I don't know about you, but I have to pee something awful," Tracey blurted out. 

They all did. The beer and the fear had cranked their kidneys into high gear, and they were all struggling to retain their dignity in this situation.

Just then, the door slid open again, and two of the creatures marched in, this time with strap-like devices that suspiciously resembled restraints. The shock overwhelmed Tracey's control, and a stream of pee darkened her shorts and splattered to the floor. Each droplet sent up a cloud of vapor as it struck the alien material and left a pockmark in the surface. The multilimbed creatures stepped back, clearly alarmed. 

The realization that Tracey's urine was destructive to this craft hit them all like a thunderbolt. As more splashed down to eat away at the floor, the room began to fill with fog from the chemical reaction. Impulsively, Sean strode toward one of the aliens as he fumbled with his zipper. Extracting his cock, he sprayed the creature, who shrieked shrilly and darted back through the portal. Bill was able to get one good squirt at the other captor before it, too, scooted away and the door became a seamless wall.

"The toxin you have released is not compatible with our chemistry," the voice intoned. "You must discontinue your aggressive response to our examination and we will return you at once."

Light surrounded the foursome, the tingling sensation returned briefly, and then they were standing on Old Baldy once more. The clean air and the subtle sounds of the forest exhilarated them. They clasped hands, and only then were Bill and Sean aware that their cocks were still exposed, streaming pee down their jeans. Looking at her three friends, Christine announced, "I guess I'll join you," and they all laughed hysterically as pee hissed into her jeans and splattered on the lichen-covered granite.

Translation of an entry in the log of the spacecraft Deneb:

Pursuant to our mission of studying all life in this quadrant of the galaxy, we surveyed the planet Terra, which contains huge quantities of corrosive oxygen-hydrogen compounds. Contrary to previous speculation, we found millions of life forms in this inhospitable environment, though at a primitive level of development. We selected four from an isolated location and attempted to examine them.

Although they appeared peaceful at first, this species has a powerful defense mechanism which they instinctively used to good advantage. While one of the life forms set out to destroy the floor of the examination chamber, two others produced weapons capable of directing a focused stream of toxin and seriously disabled two of our scientists. We released the subjects at once to prevent further damage to ourselves and our craft.

We have determined that the planet Terra is unsuitable for further contact, due to its poisonous nature and its aggressive inhabitants.

