Rosie’s Night Out
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Rosie had already changed into her navy blue dress for her big night out. She had earlier hired a limo to take her, and a couple of friends, Jane and Holly, to the theatre to see the musical, Phantom Of The Opera.

She sat in the hallway of her flat and waited for the limo to arrive, drinking tea from a large mug. She had been waiting half an hour when the phone rang. When she answered, the man on the other end of the line said that the limo would be late, and will arrive in half an hour. Naturally, she was furious and slammed the phone down.

While she had been subjected to a further wait, she made another mug of tea and drank it. Finally, the doorbell rang and soon she got her limo, but she was almost late, so she asked the driver to pick up both Jane and Holly as soon as possible.

They reached the theatre just in time, but before Rosie wanted to sit down, she needed to go to the toilet, after feeling the tea she drank earlier had gone quickly inside her. She went to look for the ladies when the ushers called for the audience to take to their seats as the show was about to start, which meant that she would have to wait until the interval before she would get the chance to relieve herself.

Rosie’s two friends were enjoying the musical, but she was fidgeting badly by now, and wanted to relieve herself soon. Later, it was ten minutes to the interval, but to her it felt like two hours. She jammed both hands inbetween her legs through her dress in an effort to keep in control.

At last, the interval came, and to her friends’ amazement, she got up from the seat and almost barged through several people in a bid to get to the toilet. But it was too late……even before she got to the ladies, she had lost control completely. The pee gushed through her underwear before running down her legs, forming a puddle on the floor. Several other women who were waiting looked on in shock at seeing what Rosie had done.

She had blushed with embarrassment, and rushed into a vacant cubicle, locked the door, and stayed there for the rest of the night, sobbing repeatedly. What was supposed to be a great night out for her had ended in disaster.

