Angela was a bartender at the Three Oaks tavern for ten years. She liked her job because the money was good, the customers were nice and she had lots of fun. She was divorced from an abusive, inattentive husband and she liked being single. The idea of working with and meeting lots of men appealed to her and she loved to tease them and hear their compliments, but she would rarely go out with them since Angela had a strict personal policy of not dating her customers, and besides, she didn't want to be bothered with dating anyway. She was a Bi sexual and liked the women as much as men, but Angela kept her private love life private.
She loved to tease, though, and Angie, as her customers referred to her, wore really, really tight and revealing clothes to work. She liked the compliments that she got because of her wardrobe and she also knew that when she dressed like that, her tips would always be much better. The way that the men at her bar looked at her really gave her a thrill and she would make sure that they'd get an eyeful while she worked. Her outfit, depending on the season, would usually consist of an extremely tight pair of jeans or slacks with a midriff length shirt or tee shirt. Sometimes she would wear a short tight skirt and would flash the occasional panty–shot to the guys at the bar when she squatted down to get something or do something. This made hers a very popular bar and she did well.
Sometimes at the "happy hour" the bar would become extremely busy and Angie would have absolutely no time for a break for 3 or 4 hours at a time. Today she was out at the mall shopping before her shift and Angela had just barely enough time to get dressed and get to the Oaks in time for her shift. Rob, the owner, who had been hitting on her for years, was not very tolerant of lateness, and the girl that she was relieving, Carol, would be really pissed when Angela was late, so she hustled herself to her apartment and put on her work clothes and her "war paint" as quickly as she could. As she was standing in the mirror putting her "war paint" on as she called it, Angie felt a twinge in her pussy and an irritated feeling and realized that she hadn't peed all day. Ah, fuck it, she said to herself...I'll hold it in for a while. Angela had experimented a lot when she was younger and in college and she like to sometimes hold her piss for as long as she could, and then masturbate herself to an orgasm when she couldn't wait any longer. Usually the resulting orgasm would be unbelievable. It didn't always work...only on those certain occasional days when she felt really horny or something turned her on. Today was one such day...to the extreme!! While at the mall, Angela loved to look at the young people who would be there– sometimes the men, sometimes the women. Today was a day for the women. She was looking around in the store that sold a well–known brand of jeans when a youngish slim attractive woman came in to shop. This girl was wearing the tightest denim shorts Angela had ever seen, and she had on a tee shirt with no bra underneath and her nipples seem to be kind of hard. Angela's nipples now became almost painfully hard, herself. Wow! She thought...what a sexy girl!! I wonder what it would be like to lick her pussy? Anyway, these and other thoughts really heated Angie up, and she wished that she could be home with this girl. After watching this and a few others all day, Angie went home in a really horny state, and now it was time to go to work. "Oh, well...I'll have some fun with the boys at work," she thought to herself.
Anyway, back to Angela in the mirror. As she stood there Angie was leaning against the sink and as she felt the twinge of her bladder, she rubbed her pussy against the edge of the vanity and squirmed a little to make the feeling go away. "I'm going to wear something really, really sexy today" she thought. Angie went to her closet and got out the tightest pair of jeans she owned. They were a size o and she usually wore a size 2, which would fit pretty tight. They were a light tan pair of corduroy jeans and they showed every line and bulge and curve, and the outline of her pussy would be clearly visible in front and the outline of her bikini panties in the back. This was her "playing" work clothes. Angela now put on a pair of really lacy bikini panties and she put them on inside out so the rough lacy part would be up against her pussy. This would really give her a thrill as she moved about and they rubbed her. She would go in the ladies room later and reverse them back when she went to pee, but in the meantime, they would get her really hot as she moved around.
"I'm really, really, really horny today," Angela thought, and she started thinking that maybe she would hook up with a girl like the one at the mall. If people only knew how many attractive women hit on her discreetly at the bar, they'd be shocked!!
Angela was fairly tall with long beautiful tanned legs and she was really proud of her shapely ass. It was very well rounded without being too big, but men (and women) would stare at it while she worked. Her dark brown silky hair was down to her shoulders and she always wore it loose and straight. She had an olive complexion, due to her Italian–Puerto Rican heritage. Her dad was Italian and her mother was a beautiful Puerto Rican woman who her dad met while stationed there years ago.
Angie arrived at work right on time, and Carol and Rob were both happy. Rob saw her and whistled softly and said: "Man, it's going to be one hell of a day today...by the way.... would you marry me?"
"Fuck, no" was all that Angie said and he just laughed and went about his business.
Angie was getting those twinges in her pussy more often now, and she was beginning to think "maybe I should have gone at home after all" but when she was this horny, she loved to hold it in as long as possible... it gave everything an edge that she liked, and it also made her move more sexy and wiggle and squirm a little. She had noticed a few times before, when she had to piss, Angie would jiggle her legs a little while standing behind the bar and talking to someone and a few of the guys and once in a while a woman would look at her in that "certain way."
It was starting to get busy early today, and she could tell it was going to be a really crowded happy hour, so Angela began to set up the bar for the volume of business. Her pussy began to throb a little as the panties rubbed her when she moved...especially when she squatted down to do something. Angela loved this feeling, and she was getting hornier and wetter by the minute, Her lacy panties were getting damp and moist under those skintight jeans. Every once in a while her pussy would remind her that she needed to piss, too, and this only added to the excited state she was in. A regular, named Bob asked, "Are you OK, Ange...you look a little flushed today."
"Oh, yeah...I'm real, real good" said Angela..."If only you knew" she thought.
Just about this time, a really cute blonde walked in and sat down. She had short blonde hair (obviously bleached) with the dark roots but she was really sexy. She had on a soft leather sport jacket with a pair of really tight faded jeans. There was no shirt under her jacket and Angie could see the outline of her nipples through the soft leather. "I think I just found my fantasy of the day" Angela thought..."thank you God" she said to herself. Just about this time Angela was standing in front of where the blonde sat down and the girl said "What'd you say?" and Angela said "Just talking to myself...what can I get you?" The girl then said "Give me a cold Bud and keep them coming...it's been a long day." Angie said, "You bet" and got the beer and set it down in front of the girl with a frosted glass. "I don't use a glass. Thanks," the blonde said.
Angela loved it when someone who she found attractive drank beer, because sooner or later they would have to piss, and sometimes they'd wait a little and they would squirm a little and do that kind of stuff, and Angie would get really turned on.
Angie looked down at herself as she made the rounds around her bar and she was pleased at the way her jeans fit up into her pussy and showed the lines of her lips. She was really hot now, and she was acutely aware of the rough panties rubbing her clit and pussy lips as she moved around. It was hard to stand still she was so horny. She had to piss pretty good now, and this made her even hornier.
Angela moved back to the other side of the bar now, and she thought, "I think I'll start a conversation with Blondie." She walked over and stood in front of Blondie and made some small talk about the weather and about how the Eagles let everybody down, and stuff like that. Blondie had had three beers by now and as Angie stood in front of her and talked, she noticed that Blondie was sitting with her legs crossed and she was jiggling the leg on top. Angie glanced at the front of the girl's jacket and she could see a really nice shot of her left breast when the jacket opened a little. Blondie noticed this and looked right in Angela's eyes with a knowing, sultry expression. "Nice outfit" was the only thing that Angela could manage, and the girl said "Thanks, it makes me feel sexy to wear it." The blonde now uncrossed her legs and was sitting with her legs a little apart and she started to squirm in her seat a little. Angie looked down at the girls' legs and then at her crotch and she could see the outline of Blondie's pussy in the tight jeans she wore. She looked away quickly, but just then the blonde gave her another knowing look in the eye, and she said: "I love to wear them tight; feels good on my legs and makes me feel attractive." Angela flushed a little and mumbled something about taking care of the bar and moved away to check her other customers. A girl on the other side wanted a fancy mixed drink and Angela began to put it together. Her pussy by now was absolutely on fire with horniness and she needed to piss which made her even hotter. She had certain spots around the bar where she could lean against different things that kind of stuck out under the bar, and when she had to pee really bad and needed to hold it, she would stand closer to the bar and rub her pussy against them or squeeze up against them and it would help her to hold it in. She was dying to reach down to rub her pussy or squeeze her pussy lips, but a couple of guys were really staring at her so she had to resort to her sneaky humping on things. She was now doing this whenever she stopped in front of someone to get him or her something. She had to piss pretty badly, but her extreme horny state was helping her to hold it in.
Angela was now in front of Blondie again, and the bar was kind of slowing down a little. There was always a lull around 7 or so, and the bar would get really slow for a couple of hours. Most of the customers were leaving and there was no one sitting anywhere near the blonde. "Give me another," the blonde said, and Angie reached in the cooler and opened another Bud for her. As she put it down in front of her, Angie noticed that Blondie was jiggling in her seat. The blonde said: "like dirty jokes?"
"My favorite kind!" Angela said and the blonde told her to lean closer.
"I'll tell you a good one...I don't want to blurt it out too loud." Angela leaned in close to the girl and she began telling the joke. As she told it, the blonde said "God I really have to pee." Angie pointed to the Ladies' room and said, "Go ahead...I'll wait till you get back."
"It's OK, I'll wait a couple of minutes." "My lucky day!!!" thought Angela. As the girl told Angela the joke, she began to really squirm all over her seat and started to bounce her knees together. Angela was getting really turned on more and as she leaned in toward the girl, Angela stated to squirm against a wooden partition under the bar. This was one of Angela's best spots. There was a smooth rounded wooden partition under the top of the bar where they stored extra bottles, and when Angie stood in front of it, it came up to exactly the level of her crotch, and she could stand with her legs apart and put the smooth partition between them right up against her pussy. With the tight jeans she was wearing, the wooden partition was right up against her clit and her pee hole, and she started to grind against it ever so slightly and she could push against it real hard to get relief from the sensation in her pee hole. After the joke, Angela laughed and continued to lean over to talk to Blondie. She thought that she now saw a twinkle in the Blondie's eye; maybe a sign of recognition of what Angie was doing, because the Blonde looked down at Angie's waist and said, "Your outfit's really sexy, too. Aren't those jeans uncomfortable?"
Angela's pussy was now on fire with her horniness and she was on the verge of cumming in her jeans...she could hardly stand still. "No they aren't uncomfortable at all... I... love the... way they feel..." Angela was having trouble talking now. "Excuse me...I'll be right back" she said, and Angela ran to the ladies room. She made it into the ladies room, and no one else was in there and she was doing a pee dance in front of the mirror, but now she was running her hands over her thighs and ass and her tits as she stood there and squirmed... she was just on the verge of an orgasm and her jeans and panties were rubbing her pussy and getting her closer to cumming. She then ran into the stall and closed the door. Soon Angie was moaning and panting as she stood there and rubbed herself through her tight jeans. She could feel a wet spot in the crotch underneath and just as her orgasm began to build and she started to shake all over, Angela pulled her jeans down (with much difficulty as they were so tight) and put her fingers inside her pussy and sat down on the toilet. She was rocked by an incredible orgasm that had her shaking from head to toe and she was moaning and panting and as her orgasm hit her she began to piss at the same time. Angela almost passed out from sheer pleasure and as she came and pissed she gripped her tits with both hands and shut her eyes and bounced up and down on the seat until the orgasm subsided.
She was totally exhausted and spent, so Angie had to sit there for a few minutes to recover her composure. She now looked around and saw that the floor was wet and there were a few small spots on her jeans where the piss had splashed. She was in such a state that she had pissed all over the place.
Angie got some towels and cleaned her mess up as best she could and smoothed her hair, washed her hands and went back out to the bar.
TO BE CONTINUED
Jiggledigger.