Title: The All Day Girls (Story 11)

Author: Paul Tester

Chapter 11. Another Society Meeting

By the time they had their next formal meeting, all of the All Day Girls had heard of Tamzin’s coach journey, either first or second hand, as she had been far too excited about it to have kept it to herself. However, now most of the girls were together, they wanted her to confirm various parts of her story, or to describe them in more detail. 

First, she confirmed that there was absolutely no doubt that Duncan had really peed in his jeans, not just let a spurt go as he pulled his cock out. He had a wet patch extending down one leg that was completely separate from the one round his fly when he had been peeing in the beer can. Because he had been holding himself with both hands at the time, Tamzin had not actually seen him wet himself, but she assumed it was when he was saying he was going to have to pee on the floor.

With hindsight, she regretted giving him the empty beer can, as it would have been far more exciting to have seen him either wet himself or have to pee on the floor. Other than demonstrating how he had been clutching the front of his jeans with both hands, she could not offer any details of how he had been holding himself, and despite her long interest in desperate men, she had to admit that she had never thought of the actual way they held themselves. 

"I’ve always assumed that they squeeze it as hard as they can, like holding the neck of a balloon closed," she confessed, "does anyone know any different?"

"My young brother’s friend has a small bladder," answered Rachel, " and he’s always trying to hide it, so he puts one hand in his trouser pocket and presses his willy against body. When he’s really bad he uses both hands, but he still presses on his willy, I’ve never seen him squeeze it."

"Scientifically, the best way of stopping water leaking out of a hose is to double the end over, it s far more effective that trying to squeeze it shut." Annette was always looking for the most logical way of doing something. "That’s what I have always imagined men would do as a last resort, though I have never actually seen anyone doing it." She looked questioningly at the other girls.

"The only cocks I have seen close up, or felt, have been too stiff to bend at all, but they have all looked long enough to bend double," replied Pauline.

The other girls giggled and nodded their agreement to this, and Tamzin affirmed that Duncan’s looked long enough to double over, but doubted if she would get the chance to try. Since that memorable coach journey, she had casually brought up the subject of pee, desperation, how badly they had wanted to pee then, etc, on several occasions, and Duncan had either ignored it, or actively changed the subject, so she had regretfully concluded that he was not interested in the topic.

What was worse was that his college was as strict about visitors as Elmdene School, so their opportunities for sex were virtually nil, because she said, "I’m not going to stoop to a ‘quickie up against the wall.’ To enjoy sex, I like to be naked and basically horizontal." 

The evening after the famous coach journey, Tamzin confessed she had been so steamed up over his desperation that she could hardly keep her hands off him, while the episode seemed to have dampened his ardour to almost zero. The girls sympathised with her, but could not offer any positive suggestions, other than to look for someone with more compatible interests.

"How?" asked Tamzin, "It’s hardly the sort of interest you can specify to one of those introduction agencies, ‘I want to meet straight male, 18-30, slim, with small bladder, for pubbing, clubbing, and other drinking fun.’ nor the sort of thing you can bring up in casual conversation. ‘I say, have you been really desperate lately, or seen anyone else desperate?’ That seems an excellent way of being regarded as some sort of deviant."

"The question that we will never have answered," said Susan, "is, just what would he have done if you hadn’t given him a can to pee in? Would he have just done it in his jeans, or would he have peed on the floor, or what?"

"One thing for sure," Tracy joined in, "he would have felt absolutely terrible if he was so desperate he simply could not hold his pee back any longer. It was bad enough losing control in the Champion Bladder competition, realising that however hard I tried, I could not stop myself peeing, and that was in private, only a few friends knowing, and clean clothes to change into. I can’t imagine how terrible if would feel to do it in public and have to spend the rest of the day in wet jeans."

"Surely, somehow, from somewhere, you would find the strength to hold it in those circumstances," added Pauline, the only other All Day Girl who had actually lost control and wet herself in the competition.

"All I can say is that he was in a terrible panic at the time," replied Tamzin, "and from his general attitude to pee topics, I think he would have rather died than wet himself in public, if he had been given the choice. In my opinion, he simply could not hold back his pee any longer. Maybe girls have more stamina and could hold out regardless, compensation from nature because it’s more difficult for us to pee."

Next, the girls wanted more details of Tamzin’s desperation. How close had she been to wetting herself? How much longer would she have been able to wait if the coach had been held up in traffic, or there hadn’t been a loo at the coach station? Tamzin could only repeat that she had never wanted to go so badly in her life before, and that as they reached the coach station she had been thinking that if there wasn’t a loo there she would not be able to walk far without wetting herself.

"As I was running towards the loo," she told them, "I was thinking that if it was shut or broken, I would have to squat behind it and pee, as I simply could not face having to walk any further. Literally, from the time we drove in the bus yard, all I could think of was ‘I must find a loo, I must pee quickly, I can’t wait any longer, if I don’t get to a loo I’m going to wet myself.’ I was in a terrible panic, I’ve never been in such a state before. I was clenching myself shut with all my might, really fighting to control my pee, and pressing my hand up as hard as I could, and still I felt that I was on the very brink of letting go in my knickers."

She continued; "There was a pub across the road, so I suppose that if the Tardis loo had not been there, I would have run there, and I would probably have made it. All I can say is I felt that literally I was going to pee in my jeans any second, and I have never let go such a blast as I did for the first seconds of that pee."

Inspired by the level of desperation she had endured on the coach, on the following Tuesday she had made a successful attempt to join the 24 Hour Girls, and was duly enrolled as the ninth member. Just before the 24 hours was up, when she was confident of waiting, she had drunk several glasses of water and then tried to wait another hour. Alone in her study-bedroom, she had forced herself to the limit, first sitting on her heel, then holding herself with both hands, until she felt she could not possibly wait another minute.

She had timed and measured her pee, producing exactly one litre in 93 seconds. As her pee after the coach ride had lasted 2 minutes, and started with a great blast of pee, while this one had been her normal steady stream, she interpolated that pee to have been at least 1.3 litres. This was the first definite example they had which proved the theory that when you really had to hold your pee, you could, far longer than in any contest.

To convince the school authorities that their society was genuinely concerned about water conversation, Janet and Pauline then reported that they had conducted a survey of the school’s water usage, and submitted recommendations for saving water to the student-staff committee. They had also found that the local Water Company gave away plastic bags to fit in cisterns and reduce the amount used for each flush, and these were going to be fitted to all the school loos. Erica suggested that there would be a bigger saving if all girls were restricted to three visits for juniors and two for seniors per day, but that this might not be universally popular.

"We had already thought of that," said Pauline, "and it has given us a great idea for money raising in School Charity Week. What we are going to propose is that for a week, everyone has to pay to use the loos during school hours, all money going to the school charity. My proposition is that they pay 10p for the first visit, 5p for the second, 2p for the third, and then it’s free. That way there is a big incentive to try to hold out all day if you can, and also if someone has a small bladder, to make sure that we know how often they have been. If we can do this, and set it up right, we will end up with a complete survey of the school’s bladder capacity, all done openly and with official blessing. I propose we set up an action group to get together a really good proposal to put forward, with all the details worked out."

The girls were unanimous in agreeing that this was a brilliant idea, and they all offered their services. Pauline wanted Caroline, with her very upper class accent, to actually put the proposal to the staff, and Janet and Sara to set up the computer network they would need to keep track of when girls had used the loo. They also agreed that it would be a good idea to halve the charges for juniors, and that Erica and if possible another junior, should be used to confirm that juniors would not object to the scheme.

Caroline then announced that she thought she had found another large bladder in the school. The previous weekend she had been to lunch in a local pub-restaurant with her brother and his wife Linda, and she had seen Miss Walmer, Liberal Studies and Games mistress in the bar, drinking with her boyfriend. She had drunk three pints of either lager or shandy and never been to the loo, not even when they left, though her man had been twice. Caroline had drunk two and a half pints in the same time, and had been bursting when they left, but she made herself wait as she wanted to make it as embarrassing as possible for Linda, who had a small bladder, to keep going to the loo. Miss Walmer was a slim, rather mousy woman, in her late thirties, not at all the type they had considered as likely to have a large bladder.

"I didn’t know we were interested in staff bladders as well," said Katrina. "At the start of this term I came on the Gatwick mini-bus they run for overseas girls, that meets the early morning long haul flights. ‘Fish’ was in charge, and gathered us all together in the coffee shop for breakfast. When it was time to go, she made a definite point of reminding us to go to the loo, and then went herself. The M25 was the usual traffic mess, and no services. As soon as we turned off, ‘Fish’ was talking to the driver, and had us stop at the first ‘Happy Eater’ place. She didn’t quite run to the loo, but she was first off the coach and leading the way. Quite a few of the girls obviously wanted to go after 2 hours, so the stop was justified, but it was pretty clear to me who was bursting."

‘Fish,’ Fiona Fisher, was a history teacher, a plump, well built woman in her mid twenties. Compared to Miss Walmer, most of the girls would have guessed that she would have had much the larger bladder.

"If you stopped where I think, there was still quite a way to the school, so what was she like when you got to Elmdene?" asked Caroline. "Did you have more coffee after the loo stop, so as to refill your bladders?"

"Fish did her best to discourage that," replied Katrina, "but by the time she was out of the loo, I had already got some of us sitting down and ordered coffees, so she had to stay until we finished. She certainly did not drink anything, that I am sure of. When we got to Elmdene, she was organising the new girls, while the rest of us just wanted to get our cases into our new rooms and unpack. I think she was showing the girls where the loos were but I really didn’t take too much notice. I was deliberately not going to the loo, despite having drunk as much coffee as anyone, whereas I suppose I should have made straight for the loo and waited there to see who else was in a hurry."

"You can always think what you should have done after," said Tamzin, "like I should not have given Duncan the beer can to pee into until he asked, but life does not have an instant replay facility. Anyway, at least you have identified Fish as a small bladder, so we can keep an eye on her, maybe interrupt her as she is dashing to the staff- room at break, now we know why she is hurrying."

