Pauls Predicament
	(18-21 year old woman, Memphis)
Posted by burstingxx on December 5th, 2010 at 12:45AM

Note: This is mostly male desperation, but it does have some female, which is why i'm posting here. If anyone objects, just let me know & i'll take it down (:

Paul and Veronica had been at the bar only about an hour when she announced that she was ready to leave, saying that she had to be up early in the morning, and had a headache anyways. Paul wasn't really ready to leave, but he didn't object. Veronica always left when he was ready, so he didn't feel like he had the right to say anything.

Standing up, Paul realized he was a bit more drunk than he had thought. He asked Veronica to drive, not sure if he should in his condition. She agreed, as she had only had a couple beers, so they were quickly on their way. 

They hadn't been on the road long when Paul quickly became aware of his bladder. He felt a small shiver as he realized that he had only peed once while at the bar, and had consumed quiet a bit to drink. The trip would take at least 35 more minutes, maybe more, since Veronica refused to go over the speed limit of 55 mph because she had been drinking. The reason the drive took so long was because they had to go to a different county to drink, since the one they lived in was 'dry'. He sighed to himself as he felt more beer making its way into his bladder. He knew there was no way he could hold it until they were home. He was full already, and they were only 10 minutes into the ride.

"Hey Ronnie..." Paul started, but just trailed off, too embarassed to tell her his situation. They had been dating for nearly a year, and while he wasn't really a shy type of person, he was sort of closed about personal things, such as needing to pee.

She looked at him questioningly, but he just shook his head to say nevermind. As soon as she returned her attention back to the road, he pulled on his seatbelt a bit to take some of the pressure of his bladder, and moved around, trying to find a more comfortable position. 

It was useless though. Even in the 5 or so minutes after he had realized how full he was, his need had gotten even greater. He felt full- too full! He hadn't needed to pee like this since...well, ever. He was blessed with a strong bladder and good ability to hold, so it was rare that he ever even felt the need to really go, but the beer was running straight through him, especially after that first piss after drinking, which he had taken about half an hour before they left.

As he silently struggled with his bladder, Veronica watched him out of the corner of her eye. Secretly, desperation, be it male or female, was her biggest turn-on, and she knew the signs of it well enough to see that her boyfriend was dying for a pee. "Hey baby" she started, deciding to test him, "Is something wrong?"

At the exact moment she chose to ask this, Paul felt a particularly strong spasm from his bladder, and was at a loss for words for a second. As the urge passed, he fumbled for something to say. "Uhh yeah, I'm fine." He replied. "Just a little tired."

Veronica just chuckled, knowing what the real problem was, and turned her attention back to her driving as she slowed down a bit more. She'd never gotten to witness a man piss himself, but it was seeming more and more possible that tonight that would change.

A few minutes passed with Paul desperately trying to fight off the urgent spasms from his bladder without revealing his predicament to Veronica. Suddenly, it happened. He lost the first spurt into his boxers. He instantly felt them become damp as the piss shot out of him, but he quickly managed to cut off the stream. He realized that now wasn't the time to be shy. They were still at least 25 minutes from home, and he was on the very edge of pissing himself. He had to pee so badly it actually hurt.

"V-veronica" He stuttered, barely able to speak through his desperation. She looked over at him to see him desperately cluthing his dick through his tan pants. "Pull over" he ordered her, knowing that he was unable to make it even to the next gas station, which was only about five minutes away.

"What?" She questioned, still pretending to be oblivious to his dilema. 

Before he could answer, he felt another urge, stronger than ever, and felt more piss shooting into his already damp boxers. This time it was harder to stop, and by the time he did, there was an obvious wet patch on his pants, about the size of a quater.

"Ohhhh...." He moaned, gripping himself even tighter as he sat up straighter, trying to find something to make the pain go away. 

"Baby are you okay? Veronica asked. Of course, she knew very well what was going on. She'd never been so horny in her life, she just kept imagining him losing control, not being able to cut off the stream.

Paul groaned, feeling small drops leak out. He squeezed even harder, if it was possible, but it was no use. He couldn't completely cut it off. "Please pull over, oh god, pull over" he stammered. He felt like he was going to explode.

Veronica decided that playing innocent was no longer going to work, so instead, she went with a different route. "Come on babe, you can't hold it? We're only about 15 minutes from home."

Paul looked at her in amazement, couldn't she see he was at the end of his rope? He had to piss so bad he literally felt like his bladder was going to burst, but she was asking him to hold it fifteen more minutes?

"I...I can't." He said. Oh god, it hurt to even breathe, why wouldn't she just pull over?

"I'm not pulling over so you can pee." she said firmly, "I have to go too, but I can't just whip it out and go wherever I like, so neither can you. We'll be home soon, just wait." 

Paul gasped as he felt more coming out, making the wet patch even bigger, about the size of a baseball now, before he managed to stop. "I can't just wait Ronnie." He said, his voice sounding strained with all the pressure he was under. "I drank a lot and I'm about to explode."

Veronica just smiled at him, and he knew that she wouldn't comply. He moaned as the pressure in his bladder increased, still filling up with the beer he had consumed. He cursed himself for not visiting the restroom before they left. He was sure he couldn't make it home. He glanced out the window and saw the area they were in, realzing that now it would only be about 10 or 11 more minutes. His bladder was so full, it was screaming at him to let out the piss, but he felt like if he was really careful, maybe he could make it. He knew he had no chance of makign it inside, but at least he would ruin his truck seats.

Just as he thought this, he made a mistake. He momentarily released his steel grip on his aching dick, and just as he did that, they passed over a pothole. The jarring was too much for his bladder, and piss started to shoot out, rapidly soaking his boxers. He tried to say something to veronica, but he couldn't speak. Stopping it was hopeless, but it felt so good to just let go, he wasn't even sure if he would have stopped if it'd been possible.

Veronica stared in amazement at what she was seeing. Her handsome boyfriend, who had never even shown the slightest sign of needing to pee in the past, was pissing himself. She thought she might orgasm right there where she sat, but instead she chose now to pull off the road.

Paul was still strongly pissing himself, but finally he felt like he could start to cut it off. As he did, he realized that they were no longer moving. He had been so consumed by his much needed relief that he hadn't even noticed Veronica pulling over. He shot her a questioning look, but as he saw the look in her eyes, a look that he knew well, he understood.

She quickly released her seat belt and Paul follwed her lead. As she frantically unzipped him, he worked to unbutton her shirt. Paul was confused, but he knew she was turned on by his accident. It didn't take long for both of them to orgasm. Veronica was so horny from watching him struggle with his bladder the entire trip, and he was just so turned on by her being so horny, it was almost instant. After finishing, he realized that he couldn't wait to get home and finish his piss, he was already desperate again, so he quickly opened the door and pissed outside.

Veronica hadn't been lying when she said she needed a piss too earlier, but she decided to wait until they got home. It was urgent, but not urgent enough for her to risk being seen, or getting pee on herself or her clothes.

Five minutes from home, she had no choice but to pull over, or have an accident. Not wanting to get more pee in the vehicle, she choose to pull over. She looked at Paul apologetically, saying "I'm sorry, I've just got to get out and piss. It's an emergency."

She reached for the door handle, but Paul had other plans. After all, it was her refusing to stop that led to his accident, why should he let her just get out and go? He grabbed her and quickly pulled her closer. She crossed her legs and shoved a hand into her crotch, trying to press against her peehole, but as he massaged her bladder, it was no use. She groaned, both in agony and ecstasy, giving one final attempt to holding it, before she felt him press down harder, then the piss started gushing out. 

"Looks like I'm not the only one who can't hold it..." Paul laughed.

