Two Tourists - A tale and a sequel (part 6)

By Francine 

Chapter 6. Return

It was fifteen years after her experience that Irma returned. She was fifty-three now, and went by Irma Mitchell, the name she had acquired twelve years earlier at her marriage to James Mitchell. Children had been born to the marriage, but they were now of an age that they could be left to the care of others, and Jim and Irma were able to travel a bit. They had lived a fairly conservative life, and now had amassed enough affluence to be able to see just a bit of the world together - something Irma had largely given up when her children were born.

Jim knew a bit of Irma's unpleasant sojourn in the old Soviet Union, but he had never been there himself. Now, at long last, the two of them were able to have a lengthy holiday in Europe, and Jim had insisted that the countries of the old Soviet Union be part of the itinerary. They had been to Moscow and St. Petersburg, and then had booked a few days in the Ukraine.

Once they had been two days in Kiev, Jim chanced to look over a map posted in their hotel. "The place where you had all the trouble before, can you show it to me here?" he asked of his wife.

Irma studied the map. She could trace the sites of most of her earlier exploits from memory. She pointed out the place where she and Helen had tried to exit the country. Then she frowned a bit.

"The place where we were taken was Novorosk - it's not a very big town, but, let me see if I can find it." She studied the surrounding area of the map carefully. Finally she exclaimed, "Here it is! That's the place! I wasn't quite sure how to find it, but I'll never forget it. We spent several days there, and oh, what an experience!"

"Yes, you've told me a bit about it. In fact, from what you've said, I always wanted a chance to see it myself. You're sure that's it?" "Yes, indeed. I could never forget the name - or a couple of the town squares! I wonder if they've changed it much?" They talked a bit of their itinerary. Jim was intensely interested in seeing the place of his wife's misadventures, and she seemed mildly interested in seeing the place again, too. The consulted the hotel concierge. After a couple of hours, they had booked a hotel in Novorosk and a train to take them there the following day.

Things were a bit freer now than they had been fifteen years earlier, Irma noted, and she felt more at ease in traveling back to the place she remembered so well, yet with such awful memories to her. The train trip was long and a bit complex, but they arrived at a small, somewhat run-down train station the following evening.

From the station they took a taxi to the small hotel. It was one of the only two in town, she discovered. "Did you stay here before?" Jim asked her, as they approached the hotel entrance.

"I didn't need a hotel. The local police put me up all the time I was here. I hope, though, that these accommodations are a bit better! The station was lacking a few conveniences!"

"Such as? Didn't you have a private room with a bath?" Jim smiled a bit as he tweaked her memory.

"Private room, if you want to call it that! Yes, and a toilet. A personal toilet, but nothing private about it. Anyone who was near was watching when I used it! That is, when they allowed me to use it!" She shook her head at the now distant memory, still vivid in her mind. They checked into a room and made ready for bed. The next day Irma had promised to take Jim on a tour of the sights she remembered. Morning came, though they were up none too early. After breakfast, they acquired a rather poor map of the city, and set out on their tour. The streets were much as Irma recalled them. Little seemed to have changed. "Sure you're not lost?" he asked her. "Are you going by looks of things, smells, or just feeling your way?"

"I ought to take off my shoes," Irma joked. "I never walked on these streets in shoes before. I can still remember how they felt on my bare feet!" She shuddered a moment at the recollection.

"Bare feet? I don't remember that part of the story? Did they keep your shoes too?" Perhaps, Irma thought, Jim was kidding her a bit. "When I walked here before," she went on, emphatically, "I had bare feet, bare legs, and absolutely bare everything. There wasn't one thread of cloth or anything else on my body, except of course for the cords on my hands and that damned chain around my midsection." She shuddered again, her face turning to a frown.

She pointed out to Jim some of the sights she did remember. "After all, you know I spent hours just standing still in the squares - I had lots of time to memorize how things looked!" Suddenly, as they turned a corner, her face lit up, and she exclaimed, "There - right there! That's the square we stood in. I'll never forget it. There were nine of us, all chained in a line, and they stood us right there, against that wall. See? There's the post over there - they fastened an end of the chain to that post! And, behind us," she gestured to the opposite side, as they turned, "there was a crowd of people standing over there - a crowd that got bigger and bigger through the day! They all stared at us! Oh, I wish I could have fallen into the pavement! Ugh! The things they did to us - we were full of water, we weren't allowed to pee, and if we did they let the men come up and put their hands on our - well, all over us!" Her statement was one of great distaste. 

"Looks pretty dead, now," Jim observed. There were no crowds, only two or three pedestrians passing through. "No naked women for them to look at!" Irma noted.

She recounted to Jim more of the events of her first visit, as they found other places she remembered, including the police station and the square with the flower garden. Later, over lunch, she went again over some of the events now being pulled from her memory. Her husband seemed a bit mystified at her detailed recollections.

"If the memory is so awful, why did you want to come here? I know I wanted to see it, but that's because of your experiences. But you seemed to enjoy going back to these places, and every time you tell me more, you act like the memory is making you sick."

She thought a bit. "I don't know. It was an awful experience. I would never have wished it on anyone. Yet, as I look back on it, in a way I'm rather glad it happened. Now I know that's a strange thing to say. It was horribly humiliating and painful - especially in certain places. But, I wasn't really harmed, I wasn't raped, no one beat me; and I did live through it. In a way, I know I probably deserved some of it. I had been pretty arrogant with the customs and police, and I think I learned to be at least a little more diplomatic. Or, maybe you don't think so!"

Jim said nothing, communicating only in a knowing smile. He well knew his strong willed wife and her occasional hot temper. He knew she could indeed get herself in trouble with her quick tongue.

Irma went on. "In a crazy kind of way, it was one of the most erotic experiences I'd had. You know I don't take off my clothes in public, but here I was paraded all over town with nothing on. Bare feet yet. And going to the bathroom in front of everybody; and them handling me and making fun of my most personal parts. I wouldn't have chosen to do it, but it was done to me! Thank goodness all those people were strangers - I never had to look them in the face again!"

"Think they'd recognize you with clothes on? Some of them may be around now!"

"Would you want me to give them a chance to recognize me like they saw me before?" Irma asked, jokingly.

"Never can tell. Someone might remember you then. Who knows?" Now Jim was joking.

"Nonetheless, it was a strange experience. But I have to admit, it wasn't all terrible. Scary, but in a way, some it was - well, not really fun, you could never call it that, but a bizarre kind of experience that wasn't quite all unpleasant. At least, now that I'm looking back on it and know I came out of it OK!"

Once again they passed the police station. Irma mused, "I wonder if they still have those photos they took of me in there". She shivered in disgust. "I'd never been photographed naked! Not even for baby pictures. But they took those shots of me, well, all over, and in the most revealing poses! Jim, can you imagine how I felt?"

"I'm trying to put myself in your shoes, but no one really can. If I had seen it, I would have felt awful for you - sympathy, anyway; but no, unless it happened to you, you can't really know how it felt. In a way, I wish I could share it with you!"

They walked back to the square that had the flowerbed. It was now mid afternoon, and they saw a small crowd congregated at one point in the square. They went over to see what was the object of interest.

They found an artist at work, an older man, perhaps sixty, with a cap, and old suit, and graying black hair. He sat on a chair in the square at an easel, making a sketch of a girl who was posing in front of him. The girl was standing behind a chair, leaning over it slightly. Her blouse was slightly unbuttoned, and she was showing considerable cleavage. Irma looked at the artist's rendition of the scene.

"You know, he's quite good. Some of these street artists have real talent!"

"Here's some of his work," Jim observed, seeing a group of sketches and portraits set up beside his chair. Several were of young women, and two were nudes. There were also depictions of children and older men.

"Would you like him to do you?" Jim asked, "Really, he seems to do good work. Couldn't be too expensive, and it looks like he works fast!" "No", Irma replied, deep in thought as she looked over the sample portraits. She studied them carefully, then suddenly her face brightened. "Yes! Yes! I'd like him to do one of me - but I want it in a very special setting! Let's see if he'll do it!"

Jim had learned not to be surprised as what his wife did. He wondered what she had in mind, suspecting it would be something radical. His suspicions proved correct. Once the artist had finished the girl's portrait, Irma and Jim approached him. He could manage only a few words of English, but they went to work with gestures, facial expressions, and markings on their town map.

Irma managed to get across to him that she wanted a portrait of herself, to be done at the other square; the one at which she had first been chained to the post. She indicated with the help of her watch that she would need to get ready for the portrait, and they agreed it could be started there in about an hour. Irma indicated she would go to the hotel to prepare herself and then return; Jim would stay with the artist as a guarantee of payment and to direct him to the right place. The artist seemed to want to know if Irma would be sitting for her portrait, or with her husband, or how she would be. Irma immediately stood straight up, pointing to herself, and stood with her feet apart, her hands behind her, and again indicated herself, nodding. Then she motioned to Jim, and indicated "no". Then she pointed to one of the portraits the artist had on display. She indicated it, and then pointed to herself, nodding affirmatively.

Jim stood in shock as he realized the picture she had indicated for a sample was one of the two nudes.

"What are you going to do?" He asked, a bit worried. "Jim, you stay with him. Be sure he gets there. Look, I know you'll think I'm crazy, but I want to do this. It's my only chance, and I want to pose the way I was those fifteen years ago. Right where it happened. I know it sounds absurd, but I just want to live through a little part of that experience again. I want to stand there just the way it happened, naked and with a belly full of water I'm trying to hold - I want to live that part of it again, but this time on my terms. I want you to see it, and then you can share the memory with me!"

Jim stood there, a bit perplexed. "Are you trying to wind up in jail? This isn't the police doing it - it's you. Irma, you just don't do things like this - it's not you!" "Watch me. And I don't think anything will happen from the police. Jim, I just have an inner urge- I can't really explain, but I want to do it. Indulge me a bit!"

Assuring him she would be all right, she left him with the artist as she headed the short distance back to the hotel. Jim was filled with trepidation - he had no idea what to expect of her. He tried to settle the deal with the artist, observing that the day was drawing late, and in another couple of hours the light might be fading.

Back at the hotel, Irma hurriedly went up to their room. Once inside, she picked up two large bottles of drinking water provided for them, and put the first to her lips, gulping it rapidly. She kicked off her shoes, and began discarding her clothes into a pile on the bed. She searched through her suitcase for a small package containing a carefully folder plastic raincoat, which she kept for weather emergencies.

Having consumed the first bottle of water, she started on the second. She slipped her feet into a pair of sandals, replacing the walking shoes she had kicked off. "I suppose it should be barefoot" she mused to herself, "but I'm not going to risk my bare feet on that rough pavement when it may get dark. These will give me a little protection."

She slipped on the raincoat, having stripped off all of her clothing, and turned to the mirror to tidy up her hair and make-up. Satisfied with her appearance, she picked up a large shopping bag and dropped into it the case for the raincoat. Carrying nothing else, she took the bag and left the room, going down to the reception desk. At reception she requested two more bottles of drinking water, then signed for the charges to their room account, and put the bottles into her shopping bag. She drew some stares from the reception clerk as he perceived her odd attire, a raincoat on a dry day, with no signs of other clothing under it. 

Irma headed for the square she had selected as the scene for her portrait. Arriving there, she found Jim awaiting her. Several bystanders had accompanied him, evidently curious as to what was going to occur. The artist had not yet arrived, but Jim indicated he was coming.

"Great," said Irma. Let's get ready. I want to be facing the square, standing close to that post - because that's the way it was. I want you to watch while he does the portrait. And there's one thing more - you wanted to know how I felt, so I'm going to help you. I have two liters of water here - I just drank that much in the hotel, and I want you to drink the same amount here. When you have a belly full of water and it starts going through you, you'll soon know how I felt."

"Why did you have to drink it now? For the portrait?" "I want to look the way I did. Well - I can't do anything about the damage fifteen years have done, but I want to feel and pose the way I was. And I was full of water - to the brim. I am now - and I know what it is going to do to me in a little while. It's part of the experience I want to relive, and let him record what he sees of it!"

Jim had great difficulty understanding his wife's intentions. However, he wanted to please her, and he began to drink the water while he waited for the artist. Irma stood by, in her raincoat, a gathering crowd looking at her in wonder.

After half an hour or so, the artist arrived and began to set up his equipment. Irma was standing in the place she wanted to pose, and she waited for him to arrange his easel and tools. Eventually he seemed to have everything in order. He sat beside the easel and looked to Irma. His look and gesture asked if she was ready. In answer, she removed her sandals and passed them to her husband.

Irma quickly unfastened the raincoat, dropped it off in one sweeping gesture, and passed it quickly to Jim. Then she resumed her pose, now completely naked, full face to the artist, her legs slightly spread, her hands clasped behind her.

A gasp went up from some of the onlookers. There was now a crowd of perhaps twenty people, both men and women, watching the proceedings. Irma held her pose, standing motionless, not speaking. While her hands were untied, she held them behind her as they had been once bound. The lowering sun streamed into the square, lighting her brilliantly. Her breasts faced the crowd, sagging a bit, and, Jim noticed, quivering a little from her apparent nervousness. Below, her full belly protruded somewhat over a bit of paunch in her lower parts. Her pubic hair, somewhat trimmed but not shaved, was prominently displayed. Her spread legs clearly revealed her genital area. 

Jim watched as he kept guard over the bag containing her sandals and raincoat. Evidently she had not brought any other clothing with her. He stared at his wife, publicly displayed, as he had never seen her. While she was obviously not a young girl, she was still in good shape, and Jim felt his own body responding to the arousing sight of the spectacle before him.

Irma's facial statement was not a smile. She didn't want to reflect any enjoyment of this situation anyway, but the water was doing its job. She was feeling a need to urinate, which she knew was going to get a lot worse before this was over. She wondered if her bladder was still able to stretch as much as it had fifteen years earlier. She would find out. Her face reflected the tension and growing discomfort.

The crowd, for the most part, watched quietly. There were no catcalls, no obscene gestures. The people just stared at the nude woman in front of them, with the sunlight flooding her body.

The artist did a good job. He sketched the scene, and carefully added color and detail. He worked carefully, and Jim carefully watched the progress. The picture resulting clearly was recognizable as Irma, with details of her body he knew no artist had captured before. It really was a good portrait, he thought, but whom would they show it to?

It took about an hour for the artist to complete his work. Finally he seemed satisfied. He showed it quickly to Jim, then motioned for Irma to look. She came forward and viewed it, but only briefly. She indicated her approval. The artist took down the portrait, and prepared it for his clients. Then he turned to Jim, pointing to him, and setting up the easel for a new portrait. Irma watched. "He wants to do a portrait of you. He's good. Let's let him do you, too, before it gets too dark. Are you willing?" 

Jim had had no intention of having a portrait. He could see that the artist did do good work, though, and was quite quick. What was the harm of it, and anyway, Irma obviously wanted it. He quickly agreed. As the artist began his preparations, Jim moved over to where Irma had stood.

He struck what he considered a dignified pose. Irma, still nude and standing beside the artist, called to him. "No! You're not ready!"

Jim looked at her, questions written on his face. "It's to be a nude! That's the way I had to pose! If you want to share the memory, you have to do it the way I did! I'll hold your clothes in the bag!" She held the bag toward him.

Jim had absolutely no desire to pose naked in front of this crowd. He was having trouble, though, finding a graceful way to object. Irma wanted him to share her experience, and she was only asking him to go through a part of what she had done. While he didn't like the idea at all, he didn't want a disagreement with his wife in public. Still, he was hugely embarrassed at the idea. The thought struck him - that was exactly the feeling she would have had. Time was running out. It would be too dark before long, and besides, the water was going through him and he needed to pee. He wanted to get this over.

He started to take off his clothes and put them in the bag, As he did so, he noticed Irma had now retrieved her raincoat and put it on, though she had not fastened any of the buttons, and the front hung open. He was expecting some laughter or at least some humorous response from the crowd, but there was none, except for some smiles. He did notice that a few men retired from their front positions and some women pushed forward.

Jim was a year younger than Irma, slender, not overly muscled, and about the same weight as his wife. He stood a couple of inches taller than Irma, and displayed a bit of gray at the temples in his otherwise black hair, worn in a medium cut. Otherwise, he normally kept a well-groomed conservative appearance. This was a new experience for him.

Within a few minutes, Jim was naked and his clothes were in the bag in Irma's custody. She stood close to the artist, facing him in her completely open raincoat, both breasts and her pubic region almost entirely exposed. She stood now clasping one hand to her crotch, a reflection of the discomfort she was experiencing in trying to restrain her full bladder. It was getting very uncomfortable for her, but she was now determined to force martyrdom on it until Jim's portrait was done.

He assumed a pose where Irma had stood. Following her example, he stood, face forward, hands behind his back. His genital area was prominently displayed, and his penis projected in a semi-erect state. He knew his penis was quivering a bit, as he tightened his muscles to control his filling bladder, and also from the arousal he felt both from his own state and from the view of his wife's exposed body. He perceived her bladder discomfort, and suspected it was a lot worse than his own. He would last through this, however. He held his pose, embarrassed ever more at the occasional motions of his penis. The artist worked on. The crowd watched, quietly, staring with open eyes, but making few sounds.

It took a bit less than an hour for the artist to finish. The light was fading as he applied the finishing touches. The air was getting cooler. Irma stood, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, squirming a bit, squeezing her abdominal muscles. Her bladder really hurt, now, and she was having difficulty restraining it. Still, she stood with the raincoat over her body, the front completely open.

As the artist finished and Jim left his pose, he started to reach for the bag for his clothes, but Irma stopped him. "Not yet", she said to him, "wait a few minutes!"

They paid the artist, who thanked them and began to pack up. The crowd began to disburse, evidently feeling the show was over. Irma picked up the bag with their possessions and the portraits, and indicated for Jim to follow her. He protested though a bit weakly. "Irma, I need to pee - badly! And I can't walk around without any clothes on! Have a heart!"

She looked at him, and smiled a bit through her own discomfort. "Your bladder can't be nearly as full as mine is! We've got to take care of that situation - and I had to walk miles with nothing on - you can manage a few feet!" Hastily she walked away from the square, her open raincoat floating around her with her motion, he following, naked. Somehow he was expecting the onlookers to follow them, but they didn't. The streets were practically deserted as darkness was falling, and the streetlights were illuminating only parts of the streets.

It was getting cooler, and he was feeling a bit chilled in his unclothed state. This didn't help the state of his uncomfortably full bladder.

Obviously Irma knew where she was going. She turned a small street, really a bit of an alley. A little light penetrated it and a few feet into it a small railing stood, about waist high, separating an area that seemed to hold several trash containers. No one was about. Irma stopped, placed the bag on the ground, and let the raincoat fall from her body. She quickly pushed it into the bag. Then she turned to face her husband, standing with her legs spread, her hands gripping the railing behind her.

"Feel my bladder - it hasn't been this full in fifteen years - not since they made me hold it in front of all those men!" She took his hand and placed it on her lower belly. He immediately felt the hardness. "I've got to pee, too - this will do--" he began.

She cut him off. "Not yet!" she insisted. "That experience back there - it made me feel something I can't explain; but I know I need one thing worse than I need to pee, and it's this!" With that, she took hold of her husband's penis and brought it to her genitals. She moved slightly and received him into her, but only slightly. "You're holding too tight," he said quickly, realizing what she wanted and feeling the resistance of her tight muscles. .

She gave him one command. "Push!" she said, emphatically. He did. Her clenched sphincters were tight around him, gripping him as they sought to restrain her badly overloaded bladder. His own need to urinate suddenly seemed to subside, as he began to move within her.

"Don't let my topside fall - the last time I had a bladder this full I had men's hands all over me - this time shouldn't they be yours!" He got the hint, seizing one of her sagging breasts in each hand, then grasping and pulling the nipples.

Suddenly it was no longer cold, no longer painful, not humiliating to be nude in an alley. She leaned back to tighten the tension on her nipples as he moved within her. Suddenly she jerked in an explosion of release, a moment before he achieved the same reaction.

They stood together, breathing hard, for a few minutes, his penis still within her. Suddenly he felt a warm wetness as her bladder poured forth his contents, the liquid running over both of them and down their legs. He started to release her breasts to draw apart, but she wouldn't let him. She replaced his hands and he gripped her breasts as her urination continued. After what must have been a minute, she spoke to him softly, "I'm not through yet - you don't want to go, do you?"

"I'll wait for you!" he replied quietly, as her urination continued unabated. "Why don't you let go, too?" she asked him, the fluid still streaming from her. He nodded. He had never tried anything like this, but his full bladder was beginning to torture him again. He tried to let go. Finally it happened. 

"First time we tried this" she laughed. "Feels strange". "You did a lot of strange things today," he responded. Finally, they were both emptied. Irma stepped out of the deep puddle of liquid that had now accumulated around them, and moved a bit down the alley. She retrieved her raincoat, and put it on, this time fastening one button. She handed him his shirt and pants from the bag.

Dressed, at least covered to some extent, they started back to the hotel. They arrived to receive stares from the hotel staff as they passed on the way to their room.

Once inside, they closed the door. Jim surveyed the pile of Irma's clothes lying on the bed, where she had left them. "Maybe the memories of this place won't all be bad," he remarked, as he flopped on a chair. "Let's look at our pictures!" They opened the two portraits and examined them, Irma's first. Suddenly she let out a gasp. "No one tied me while I posed, did they? Look at this!" On Irma's portrait the artist had clearly drawn a small chain around her waist, linked to the iron post a short distance away. 

"How did he know about the chain?" she almost shrieked. "It wasn't there! I didn't tell him!"

Jim studied the picture. "Maybe - just maybe," he mused, "He may have seen this scene before. After all, he has probably been here a long time!" "Maybe even fifteen years!" Irma smiled, shaking her head.

"And are you going to show your portrait to your children?" Jim asked her. Irma thought for a moment. "I think", she began, "that might be best left until they get the picture as an inheritance!" 

No, Jim thought to himself, all the memories she had of this place wouldn't be bad ones. Not all of his, either.

