True Report
	A Recent Post.
Posted by Tinker, February 26, 1995 

What follows is a true report of what happened to me today. 

[just had a pee break] 

So I thought I had already practiced every possible way of wetting my panties in the last fifteen years? Wrong! You are never too old to learn! 

There are one or two days a year that I can safely assume that everybody will be out of the house and not come back for hours and hours. Today is such a day. I knew what I would do, so I could prepare myself, and it has never worked out like this before. 

[pee break] 

I sounds stupid but I *needed* to break away for a moment again. More about that later! 

When the moment approaches that everybody will leave the house, I make a nice pot of tea and start drinking. Today, I started two whole hours in advance and that was new. By the moment they actually left, I still needed not to pee (that is, I could have peed if I wanted, but I wouldn't have gone to the toilet normally). So I drank one more cup of tea and then went to the loo. Strange? No! I know myself and if I am well underway with my little game, and feel the need to poo, I cannot refrain from doing it. And messing my panties is such a mess indeed (tried it a couple of times) that I nowadays artificially remove that possibility. Taking a dump without also emptying your bladder is a special thing btw. It really needs attention. 

After this, I went into the kitchen to fill up, and discovered my first new thing today. Hot tea is nice, and cold water isn't: I knew that. But by heating a cup of water in the micro wave oven for thirty seconds, it reaches body temperature, and can be swallowed easily. Normal cold water causes your stomach to feel inflated. Warmed water doesn't. Great! So I drank a few more cups before going upstairs. 

There I started to read something technical to pass time. Eventually, after about one hour, I felt the need to go, and I started changing into my special peeing clothes. 

Those who have been on alt.sex.fetish.watersports longer know what this means: some old pair of briefs, a little dress (actually an old night gown of my mother) that reaches down halfway my thighs, a little plastic bag over my cock to protect the front of my dress, and normally nothing else. But this time I started to experiment. 

[hell I need to pee again... and I am a fast typist so judge for yourself how well my strategy is working... just a moment...] 

[wow... I'll refer back to this one as the Big One] 

From one experience earlier, I knew that adding socks that cover about half my calves greatly enhances the feeling of being clothed. You aren't barefooted anymore and cold feet are a pain. They constantly remind you that you wear something special. So I put on the pair I had just thrown into the wash basket today. And since it is a bit chilly outside (about 5 degrees Centigrade, just above freezing) I also put on one of my sweaters. The result is remarkably close to my beloveth cheerleader-look. The "skirt" is not pleated, but that's about it. And it feels like normal clothing except for the bare legs, but I got used to this long ago and wearing a little skirt is almost everyday business for me. The sweater causes that I can easily show myself before a window, so I don't have to close the curtains. I only need to protect my hips and below from view. 

As always, my cock starts to protest when I am dressing up. It does not reach a full erection anymore (a few years ago it did) but it still is in the way. So I tuck it into the plastic bag and then stuff the whole thing inside the extra layer of fabric that makes up the fly of my briefs. It cannot move much that way and keeps me from adjusting it just before I want to start. 

I walked about inside the house for a while, looked at myself in the mirrors, adjusted my skirt a few times, and geared up for the first wetting of the day. Eventually I went downstairs to exit into the garden. At that moment, the phone rang. I took the receiver and was busy with a technical story for a few minutes. When I started downstairs again, I *really* had to pee; remember that I already had waited until I needed to go! So for the first time in my life, I really was desperate to wee while wearing a skirt... and the result was marvellous. 

I just stepped into my flip-flops and went into the garden. Almost immediately, I just spread my legs and did it. No waiting, no great tension building up, no pressing, no clothes arranging... and therefore, no erection! I just walked up to a wall, looked around, parted my legs a bit, and started to wee into my still dry underwear. It was great, as I felt how my briefs soaked up my pee and after a few seconds started to leak. I really needed to pee, so I did not dribble a bit to see my panties go wet; I just soaked'm right off.

Soon, a strong stream clattered down, and I sighed from relief. True relief, no play. For the first time, I had wet myself almost out of necessity. I could have made it to the toilet, but this was so much easier! With my hands in my sides now, I enjoyed the familiar feeling, and only stopped weeing when I felt the pressure drop below the irritation point. Like always, the dripping between my legs went on for a few seconds, and I just enjoyed the whole situation. Here I stood, in a nice little skirt, with soaking wet underwear and yet not showing anything. No wet legs, no wet socks, just my panties. Just like a girl. 

I wanted to go inside, so I squeezed out the excess fluid by squatting and pressing my thighs together, and went inside. As always, no problem with dripping or stained skirt or anything else; experience pays off and really, there's not much that can go wrong. I drank another two cups of water and went upstairs to inspect my clothes in the mirror. Skirt stainless, panties nicely wet down in my crotch. Good! I walked about a bit, but very soon, I needed to pee again, and so I went outside again. I had just completed a new story in which Ann (a cheerleader) wets herself while sitting on a bench. Good idea! I sat down on the windowsill, pulled my skirt away, and again, without any trying, I started.

This time there was no erection at all and everything could clearly be followed (an erection kills the tiny nerves that give the most of the feeling of warm wetness). I just weed into my panties and soon, the stream fell down between my spread knees. It was delightful and very inconspicuous, or so I thought. I hiked up my skirt to look between my own legs and saw my pale blue briefs staying dry in front, although I could clearly feel that the action took place right there. A slightly darker area crept upward from the bottom. I replaced my skirt and imitated Ann. It worked quite well. I kept peeing until I was comfortable again and then stood up. 

[grrr... pee break... unbelievable. Squatting time] 

I squatted and squeezed, and very satisfied I continued with this story. Or so I thought. Before I knew it, I had to go again! Apparently my system now was saturated and everything I poured in came out almost immediately. So there I went again... I walked outside, imitated a majorette pose I had found in a newspaper (standing with my legs apart and my arms spread out, palms to the front, sort of Jesus style), and I did not hold back. Everything went into my underwear and then dropped down. I really pushed, and for one reason or another, it felt much better as before. Probably the lack of an erection coupled with already wet panties and a careless approach to my clothes. I emptied myself completely and it was quite a lot. And still, no problems at all. This was the pee break this story started with, so I went upstairs, covered the chair with a sheet of plastic I had brought with me, and went on typing. 

booted my computer and started typing. After ONE MINUTE, I really needed to go AGAIN! Amazing! So I dashed outside and discovered that I could clearly see myself in the mirror of the big window; it was dark inside and light outside. So there went a cheerleader in great need and boy, it was fabulous. And with no waiting at all; a unique experience for me, after all those years! 

I gushed it audibly into my panties with my legs casually apart and pushed firmly, so that I would be able to hold it for at least half an hour, because I wanted to type this "report." It felt great, and because of the already wet fabric, the warmth (it was more hot than warm, actually) really washed around my crotch. I could not remember having had so much plain fun wetting myself, except for the first few tries years ago. There was no naughty feeling, no terror of being discovered, and even almost no arousal due to the skirt. I felt like it was a normal part of my ward robe and that made wetting under it even more of a pleasure. No erotical feelings, just plain fun. It was like heaven. When the dripping stopped, I squatted and squeezed again and went inside. A puddle remained on the stones, but it had rained, and I couldn't see the other puddles anymore. 

[final break] 

I sat down in front of my computer again. With my skirt pulled away under my ass and loosely arranged over my thighs, nothing special needed to be done to protect my clothes. As I typed, I felt the filled-up feeling in my groin coming back quickly. Very quickly. In fact, I have never before experienced this flow rate in myself. Lesson to learn: fill yourself up early and if necessary, go to the loo once or twice before you start playing. It seems a waste, but you will get more out of it later. And keep drinking. You can reach a state in which you will need to go every ten minutes or less, and believe me, I needed to GO. About two mugs per session came out, and that's a lot! If you fill yourself with the same amount directly afterwards, you can go on for hours. I did! 

So I dashed outside again. I anticipated seeing myself in the "mirror" now, and I wanted to have time to type, so I decided to *empty* myself. No need for little play anymore, I just wanted to pee and by chance into my panties. I turned towards the window, spread my legs like on cheerleader pictures, placed my hands in my sides, and started. To be honest, it wasn't exactly starting. It just happened by itself. When I had re-heated my panties, I pushed as hard as I could, and the noise it made up my skirt was terrific.

This was the Big One. A true waterfall clattered wetly down between my feet, and to my amazement, I saw foam developing in the puddle! It also steamed! Instead of imitating a cheerleader sneakily relieving herself, I was imitating a cow! But the pleasure wasn't less, and I truly emptied myself into my underwear. It took about a minute before I could safely walk again. By this time, I was so wet that a drop more or less couldn't interest me anymore, and the squeezing part went quite superficially. I left a trail of small drops inside the house. But my skirt still was completely dry. 

As you can see if you page back, I could now indeed type for some time. But soon, remarkably soon, I really had to stand up again. To my alarm, I noticed that my wet briefs and previous drop-it approaches had caused my bladder to assume it could go its own way. I had to squirm (really!) because I started to wet myself even before leaving the house. You sometimes read things like this, often in diaper stories, but I can assure you it is TRUE! After a few wettings, your body falls back into baby times and just takes over your sphincter. But I could make it outside to our terrace and dared to do something I had not done for years. 

When I was still experimenting, I had tried to squat down a few times. This proved to be difficult. Squatting with a stiff prick and dry underwear leads to strained muscles and no stain. And when it finally happens, I could only get myself a stain and no waterfall. I always had to stand up and part my legs to get something significant into my panties. 

But this time, my body was so used to releasing its fluid into my underwear under my skirt that I could hardly squat down in time. While I held up my skirt from behind to prevent it from getting wet, I heared the typical sound of weeing into underwear. It really is easily recognisable, distinct from anything else. It also felt GREAT! I saw the dark stain between my legs lighten up in the sunlight and a thin layer of water appeared on the outside of my panties, covering the whole lower front. I peed so hard that my panties could not carry the pee inside the fabric; it flowed over the outside, and pooled between my cheeks before it fell down. Wonderful, wonderful. I was alert to my skirt in front, because I knew it had a good chance of staining now. When I rose to my feet and looked, it indeed had. A few patches had appeared on the pink-red material. But I was not in the mood to care anymore. Leaving still more trails, I went inside again. It became routine, but it did not bore! 

I now noticed that around my chair I could see and feel some moisture on the (plastic) floor. Things slowly got out of hand. I sat down again, and continued. By this time, the clock unmercifully showed that I approached the danger zone, since people might come back within one hour now. So reluctantly, I typed some paragraphs and then went downstairs for the final session. Luckily I had to go again, and not a tiny bit. I decided to spread out wide and to treat myself to something great. With the wind blowing up my skirt just enough to feel it playing on my thighs and feeling my wet panties grow chilly, I waited until it happened. As expected, I did not need to do anything.

My body decided for itself that it was time to begin and suddenly I felt that I was wetting myself again. By this time, my cock was well asleep and so I started to pee low into my underwear. It was absolutely fabulous and a delight of the first order. I truly *wetted* myself, but the little skirt did not get stained any more than it was already, and after having done its warm duty, my pee washed down my panties straight to the stones. The sound was delicious. If one of the neighbours had come home at that moment, (s)he would have thought the garden hose was running! 

I took my time playing the last cheerleader of the day, and then said goodbye to all the puddles on the ground. It was getting dark anyway. Time to finish off. I took off the sweater. My night gown had started to get wet finally, so the lowest edge of the sweater had turned moist. Since I had to put the night gown back into the old clothes hamper (used for cleaning purposes), it couldn't get much wetter without needing to dry, so I had to take it off as well and put it onto the central heating radiator. I removed the plastic bag and pulled my now almost completely wet briefs tightly around my hips. Play time! 

I sat down on the floor of the shower stall and pulled up my legs. I wanted to pee in my panties this way, but for the first time today had to wait. Being a bit in a hurry, I decided to leave this pose for a next time, and stood up. Standing I can pee much easier, and soon I was looking to the front of my briefs with interest, as more and more liquid poured into them, now not constrained by the plastic bag anymore. I noted that the colour of my pee had completely gone; when it streamed over the white enamel, it looked just like water. If I had remembered it then, I would have tasted it, but I forgot. Sorry! While still peeing, I rubbed my cock through my briefs, and it responded. I now felt like a masturbation session to round off. I never masturbate before I am totally done with peeing, since afterwards the magic disappears and I want to clean up and hide everything as soon as possible.

Quickly the feeling of tension rose, and I decided to add something extra. I opened up the tap and let the water reach a comfortable temperature. Then I shut off the valve (we have separate flow and temperature controls; very handy!) and I put the shower head inside my briefs from behind. This seemed a problem, but turned out to be very easy. Having that load inside my underwear really reminded me of the feeling after having messed myself! With the shower head between my cheeks, pointing forward, I opened up the tap again and started rubbing myself. In no time, it felt like I was heavily wetting myself and that was more than I could stand. A quick spasm and off I went. Not a fabulous orgasm, but nice. After all this arousal, I did not feel like slowly building up, especially not since I was in a hurry. 

I soaked my underwear with water, peeled it off, and washed away everything from my hips and crotch. Strangely, some white stuff wouldn't go away. It was very sticky and felt more like dried glue than like the sperm it was. Never noticed this before. I really had to RUB it away. After the shower, I dried myself and then started to remove all evidence of what had happened. I started with the most obvious things and worked my way towards the little trails I had left almost everywhere. In about ten minutes, all things had disappeared and I could breath safely. I prepared something to eat and then finished this report. Nobody showed up yet, so I could have performed the rou [hell... now the doorbell rings... no joke!] 

After the usual show of letting three drunken people inside and calling a phone number for one of them after he tried to do it himself three times, I'll put an end to this text. I was saying: I could have performed the routine of dashing outside and wetting myself a couple more times, but I already had had enough. 

A last note: with my normal clothes on again, and while preparing the food, I got the sudden feeling of dribbling into my pants! My body indeed had adjusted to wet panties under a skirt in less than two hours. Fortunately it wasn't much, but I had to run for the loo. Oh, a skirt is sooooo much simpler... 

Warm greetings, 

Tinker 

