The Sleepower
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by aktl on December 4th, 2010 at 6:59AM

So we were 5 people sleeping over at my place. It was me, two other girls and two guys. I’ll make up their named to keep this anonymous. The girls’ names were Kim and Alice, and the guys’ were Cole and Joe. Almost all of them are really competitive, and so when I (during a game, as I haven’t told anyone about my fetish) suggested we compete in who could hold their pee for the longest, they all agreed. We all went to the bathroom before continuing our evening. The winner would get to choose something embarrassing for the others to do, but only after someone had actually won. 

The game was only who could hold for the longest, not anything about minimum or maximum amount of liquid consumed, and soon the guys forgot the bet and started to drink like normal. Before we went to bed the guys were about to go for a pee when we reminded them of the game. They both made faces as they had consumed quite a bit of liquid and were getting rather full, but they both agreed to wait. We all agreed on waking up the others if we had to go. Just before we went to sleep Alice admitted that she really needed the bathroom as well. 

I quickly fell asleep, as I had done this before, however after only a few hours someone woke me up. Alice was jumping around with legs crossed, whispering “I need to pee, I need to pee soooo bad” over and over again. It was so hilarious Joe actually peed himself. Alice raced off to the bathroom and returned dry. Joe was really embarrassed, but he’s really sporty, so he laughed along with us. I managed to go back to sleep, as did Joe and Alice (although they woke up every half hour or so to go again). Kim and Cole on the other hand had big troubles sleeping the rest of the night, so we woke up rather early all of us.

Kim was fidgety, but could handle. Cole was very fidgety, and hardly managed to eat breakfast. It had been about 12 hours since we all went, and I was starting to feel the building pressure myself. Alice had to leave before noon, and right after she left Cole made a run for the bathroom. He’d only managed to hold on this long in order to impress her. He has this really big crush on her, so when she left he couldn’t even hold back a few squirts. When he returned he had a baseball sized wet patch on his crotch, which really turned me on. A few hours later the guys had to leave (I’m leaving out all the other fun we did as this is a pee story, but we did have a lot of fun, even though some of us had full bladders!).

Only Kim and I were left, and it had been 19 hours! I was really getting fidgety, and hadn’t expected anyone to last this long, but she was still hanging in there. Although she had to use both her hands to hold back the flood, she was doing great. I was pretending to be almost fine, but my bladder was hurting bad because of its fullness. Since we couldn’t play games and such while being this full we started to watch a movie. It was about this place near a beach, and finally (after another hour) the sound of the water became too much for Kim.

When she stood up to go to the bathroom she collapsed down again and groaned. A small wet patch was visible on the front of the jeans, and the look of it almost made me wet myself. After some time she finally managed to get to the bathroom and pee, but she left the door open! I was sooo close to pee my pants, especially when she made all those sounds of relief. It was several minutes before she returned and I could finally go and relieve myself. I pretended to be almost fine again, and it was worth it to see the unbelieving look on Kim’s face. (I did later admit how close to bursting I was).

As for the embarrassing punishment? I made them all hold their pee on a Wednesday, which is the longest school day we have. They slept over at my place again, and didn’t get to have a morning pee or go pee at school. They all got locks on their pants so that they’d have to wear them all day if they peed them before they got back home to me where we left the keys.

I had at least one of them in my classes all day, and it was hilarious to watch them. The last class both Kim and Cole were in my class, and when I saw how much Cole was struggling I got really turned on. I may have to ask him out even though it’s Alice he has a crush on.

Oh, and only Joe peed himself, though not until we were on our way home, so no one else saw it. 

Plz comment on my story! And don’t be afraid to rate it up if you like it ;-)

