As a Substitute Teacher

By Debbie

I work as a substitute teacher, which is a very busy job. Sometimes you have to wait for hours to get anytime for yourself. 

The students always come first, and you can't leave them alone. One day I was subbing for a sixth grade class. They were having a Science Fair that day, and it was very hectic, there was always someone in and out of the room all day. It was in a portable building, which was seperate from the main building, and, I noticed with some chagrin, quite a long walk from the teacher's restrooms. 

The kids were eating lunch in the room that day, so I didn't even get any free time then. I drank a 12 oz. can of soda.(360 ml to you) with my own lunch. About 2:30, I began to feel the strong urge to pee. Luckily, I was sitting at the desk and since these were older students, there was no need for me to get up and walk around the room. I tried to sit very still, and think on other things. The time seemed to pass very slowly. My bladder was practically screaming at me. I tried to lean back a little in the seat to relieve some of the pressure, but it didn't help. 

What would happen if I had an accident in front of these children? I blushed even to just think of the humiliation. What if I was fired for such a display? Wasn't I mature enough to go to the bathroom when I needed to? I thought about asking the teacher next door to keep an eye on the class while I went, but what if I didn't make it in time? I decided that I had a better chance of hiding the evidence if I just remained seated. I couldn't bear to walk back into the classroom with a big pee spot between my legs! Finally, the bell rang for the students to leave. 

Normally, I would have stood beside the door and seen them out, but in my condition, I just sat at the desk and told them they were dismissed. A few of the more "helpful" girls had decided to stay after and clean up the room. I gritted my teeth and thanked them. Well, these helpers went over that room with a fine tooth comb. They must have been cleaning for an hour. It almost seemed as though they knew my predicament and wanted to see me have an accident! When the girls finally left, I let out a sigh of relief, now I could go to the bathroom and get out of here. But my troubles were only just beginning.

I knew I was never going to make that long walk to the toilets. I could hardly move without feeling like I was going to burst. Desperately, I glanced around the room for a solution. My eyes rested on a small coffee pot behind the desk. Well, I was either going to have to utilize this pot, or leave a very large tell-tale puddle on the classroom floor. I decided on the former. I decided that I should try to make it over to a secluded section of the room--away from the windows and in a spot where there would be little traffic the next day because I knew that at least a few drops would end up on the floor. I just had two prayers--let me make it to that corner, and, please God, don't let someone walk in that door! 

I very slowly stood up, and as I did, I felt little drops of pee escape into my panties. I quickly walked to the corner. My pee was already starting to leak out as I pulled my blue slacks and panties down. I sat on the edge of a student chair and positioned the pot under my now-increasing stream. When I heard the first trickle in the pot, I relaxed and let it flow! I couldn't help my loud sigh of relief or my intense orgasm as my pee flowed for about thirty seconds or more. The whole time I was really getting a rush from my fear of someone walking in on this bizarre scene! 

When my stream finally dwindled and came to a stop, the little coffee pot was quite full. I checked my pants for any spots, and there was the barest wet spot right between my legs, but I had on a long tunic which hid it quite nicely. I dumped the little pot on the grass out side, and walked confidently to the office to check out.

