The Job (part 2)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental and Deliberate Wetting, Spanking, and Humiliation.
By Gillian

Nicole opened the door for Kristen and Kristen stepped out onto the dirt. The assistant came over and led her over to the rocks. "OK, we're just going to start with some solo shots of you in this first. Just pose like this." The assistant posed her, her legs slightly apart, her hands on her hips, her head cocked to one side.

She looked at the camera. The shorter man behind the computer monitor smiled. This girl was amazing! The photographer clicked and the images came up on the screen, the latest in digital technology, the camera itself cost almost thirty thousand dollars, an expensive twenty mega pixel high resolution model that was popular with the fashion photographers in the big city. The photographer came over to join his computer assistant to look. There on the screen was this gorgeous dark haired girl, long slender legs, a flat waist with just the slightest tummy bulge, stunning eyes. Of course they both stared at Kristen's pubic mound. The camera caught every detail, the way the black panty fabric hugged her mound, the dark pubic curls pressed tightly against the fabric's mesh pattern, and most sexually, the way her long slit was slightly exposed as the tight fabric clung to her.

They also liked the way she seemed to be pacing nervously, like she had to go to the bathroom really badly. Smiling, the photographer returned and started shooting some more. Zooming in at times, he would capture a close up of Kristen's panties and belly, without much legs or abdomen showing. The man behind the computer monitor had a huge bulge in his jeans as he watched the gorgeous eighteen year old girl being photographed, her most personal girlhood in full display through the sexy panties. "Ok, let's take a few without the top covered." Kristen looked at him. Did she hear what she thought he heard? She needed to pee SO badly now too, and could barely concentrate.

"You mean take off the top?" she asked nervously. "Of course, Kristen, what do you think you're getting paid for?" "But my Dad wouldn't like it," she asked, untying the fabric. "This is for a magazine outside of this country. Your Dad will never see it. Didn't they tell you that?" the photographer asked. "Uh, no." She had no choice. She dropped the black fabric to the ground and went over near the rock. Her bladder violently spasmed, and she almost exploded into her panties. The stinging sensation was getting stronger, the pain increasing. Kristen stood near the bare rock, topless, her nipples completely erect, her panties too tight, her girlhood visible for all to see through the thin mesh fabric, but she needed the money. She tried not to cry, and tried to concentrate on modeling and to forget about her stinging, thrashing bladder. The photographer clicked many images and the man behind the computer smiled. Every once in a while the photographer would stop and review the pictures with the man.

They loved the way her long legs looked and loved how they could see everything through the thin fabric of her panties. Her breasts photographed well too, perfectly sized for what they wanted - a little small, not so big that they looked cartoonish, and her dark nipples were so erect both men were sexually excited. Kristen tried to pose as she was directed, but her bladder was tormenting her. She wondered how much longer it would go. She didn't care if she could just go behind one of the rocks and pee. She just needed to pee!!!! Why couldn't they just let her go somewhere before she had an accident? The assistant came over and gave her some water. "Drink this." "Um, I kinda have to pee, so I better not."

"Drink this," he repeated himself, more sternly. "It's hot. You need to." She did as she was told and finished the 20 oz bottle of water. She did enjoy the cool liquid as she drank it, but was so petrified of wetting herself during the modeling session that she didn't really want to drink it all. But she did. "OK, bring in the other girl." Kristen sighed with relief. Maybe it was over now? They wanted to shoot another model. It must have been the tall blond she had seen earlier. She would finally get a chance to go pee. She looked around and saw a small rock outcropping and thought she could crouch down there and pee before she wet herself in front of everybody. She started to leave the area, but the assistant blocked her way. "Where are you going?" "Oh, I thought you were done with me," Kristen said, apologizing. She wanted to escape and use the bathroom so badly... she almost cried in anguish. Her bladder tormented her, the pain shrieking now. "We're not done with you yet!" the assistant told her.

"Oh, um, look, like, uh, I really need to use the bathroom badly, like it's an emergency? So, uh, can I just like go over there behind those rocks and pee or I'm afraid I might wet myself in these panties!" Kristen looked pleadingly at the assistant, then the photographer. "I'm sorry honey, but we simply don't have the time. You'll just have to hold it for a little while longer" Kristen couldn't believe she was being told she couldn't use the bathroom. She needed to go PEE!!! She wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it. She tried to concentrate. She had to try again.

"Yea, look, I won't take long. I'm serious, I REALLY need to go, like I can't hold it any longer. Please? I'm serious, I can't hold on any longer!!!!" The assistant giggled. "No, you'll have to hold it. Now go back to your posing." Kristen grimaced. She was just told she could not go pee! She couldn't believe somebody would be SO CRUEL to not let her just take a stupid pee behind the rock. Her bladder BURNED inside with stringing pain that spread through her body in waves. Kristen heard footsteps and looked over. The blond girl walked around the corner.

"Rachel!" Kristen cried out. It was her sisters' best friend, the girl who had laughed at her that morning when Kristen had wet her pants at her house!!! "Kristen!" she replied, smiling. She was in a pair of pink string bikini panties and nothing else. She was gorgeous, every bit as attractive as Kristen was, but with blond hair and an inch taller. Her panties hugged her mound tightly, the shape of her girlhood also clearly defined through the smooth silky fabric. "What's going on?" Kristen asked, desperate now, still needing to stop and use the bathroom somehow, but unable to figure out how. "We're going to do some pair shots, that's all. It's fun. You'll see!" "Oh". Kristen looked off in the distance at the rocks, wanting SO badly so escape, to crouch behind them and pull her panties down and just pee. WHY couldn't they have a stupid bathroom here? WHY WHY weren't they letting her go pee behind the rocks??? She needed to go SO badly now!

The assistant moved the girls to another rock. "Ok, Kristen, stand over here and put your arms up like this, overhead." "Rachel, stand over here." Rachel stood to Kristen's left, and Kristen reached her arms up. The assistant grabbed her wrists and before Kristen realized what was happening, shackled her wrists into the steel shackles that had been drilled into the wall! Kristen shrieked in terror, her arms above her head, her eyes wide. She didn't know she was going to restrained. Her bladder SCREAMED inside of her, the terror raising her blood pressure. "WHAT's going ON?" she cried out, afraid now. The surging pee inside of her rushed to the very edge of her urethra, she needed to go so badly she could barely concentrate. "Stand back for a bit, Rachel" the photographer said, and Kristen started pleading, begging. "Why are you doing this to me?"

"What's going on? Somebody TELL me!!" she cried out, angry, desperate, pleading. She shook her head, her hair flowing everywhere. The photographer kept shooting, taking images of the gorgeous girl with her wrists restrained as she panicked. "Kristen, you know what you signed on for. I'm sure you read the release. This is fetish photography. That's why you're being paid so well!" "WHAT???" she screamed. Rachel moved closer. "So, do you like being touched while you're tied up?" Rachel asked. She laughed. Rachel took her left hand, and facing Kristen from an angle, she stroked Kristen's breasts with her fingernail, the painted edge running across Kristen's erect nipple. Kristen screamed. "WHAT WHAT WHAT's GOING ON HERE?? HELP!!!! Oh NOOOO!!!" Kristen screamed in panic, restrained by the steel shackles, struggling to control her bladder, unable to comprehend what was going on. What was "fetish photography" anyway?? Kristen's mind spun in a panic; her was heart racing.

The photographer clicked frames. The lights flashed, the big umbrella on a huge stand flashing into her eyes. Kristen needed to use the bathroom SO badly. She clenched, tried to pull back, but the shackles kept her from moving. Her back was pressed against the rough rock as Rachel stroked her nipples with her fingers. Kristen recoiled in panic from the other girls touch. A virgin at eighteen, she had never been touched like this, especially by another girl! Rachel stroked harder, and then, giggling, she paused and pinched Kristen's right nipple, causing Kristen to scream loudly in pain, and she almost wet her pants in terror.

Rachel pinched harder, squeezing and holding it as Kristen bellowed out, tears coming to her eyes. "WHY WHY oh my God, WHY? Are you doing this to me??" she cried. "I need to go to the bathroom. Can't you just let me go?" Rachel smiled. "Oh, so you need to pee again. You had some problems with that earlier today, didn't you? Kristen looked over at her in terror. Rachel moved her hands down away from Kristen's breasts to her tummy. Rachel pressed into Kristen's tummy, right over her bladder. Kristen screamed, the pressure intense now.

She went into a panic, her feet thrashing as she tried to control her bladder. Her pee wanted to explode out of her pee hole so badly but Kristen tensed every muscle in her body, trying to keep from wetting herself. Rachel pressed again, pressing hard against Kristen's tummy, her bladder shrieking in pain from the girls touch. "nnNOOOO, don't do THATTT, NOOOOOO! Oh God, GOD- God NO," Kristen screamed as Rachel pushed harder into her abdomen, pressing Kristen's bladder against her pubic bone, the pain and urgency to pee EXPLODING in waves of agony through Kristen's body as Rachel continued to torture her.

Rachel laughed, relishing the chance to torture her friends' sister like this. She stroked Kristen's panties gently, feeling the curls of pubic hair against her fingers. Kristen panicked. Kristen thought back to the day she was in cheerleader practice and hadn't been able to use the bathroom and had ended up peeing into her cheerleading trunks under her skirt when one of the other girls bumped into her and had pressed against her belly.

She remembered standing there on the field, crying as pee exploded out from under her cheerleading skirt, spraying through the Lycra fabric of her trunks as she wet herself during the practice in front of her friends and coaches. Rachel stroked her panties again and Kristen started to cry, the humiliation and pain was too much. Rachel smiled as the photographer kept clicking. Image after image of the tortured, humiliated eighteen-year-old girl came up on the computer monitor. Rachel moved her hands up to Kristen's tummy again, and once again pressed hard, sending shrieking waves of uncontrollable pain through Kristen's tormented body.

Kristen twisted and SCREAMED against the steel shackles, her legs pacing, her one knee bent, her body violently shaking with complete desperation and pain. Rachel moved her hand lower, and stroked the waistband of Kristen's black bikini panties, stroking along the top edge. Kristen struggled, her pee surging inside of her, the intense stinging pain too much. She tried to control it, and then Rachel put her index finger inside of Kristen's panties, along the top edge, and reached down and touched the top edge of Kristen's pubic hair.

Kristen panicked again as she felt the girls finger probe her pubic hair, feeling the girls fingers touch her most private region. Rachel took her finger out and slowly started to stroke up and down the triangle that covered Kristen's pubic mound, lightly at first, moving her fingers over the fabric, feeling Kristen's pubic hair that was sticking through the transparent mesh fabric. "NOOO, oh GodGOD God NOOOO, PLEASE STOP NOOOOOOO" screamed Kristen, trying desperately to pull herself away from Rachel's probing touch.

The camera clicked away, the lights flashing, image after image of the pretty blond torturing and probing the dark haired teenager coming up on the computer monitor. Kristen's bladder violently throbbed at Rachel's touch. Kristen cried out, screaming. "OH Godoh goddd. Please stop PLEASE STOP I NEED TO PEEEE." Tears appeared in her eyes, and one tear trickled down her left cheekbone. Her face was red in embarrassment and anger, she cried out. The assistant came over with a bottle of water. Rachel grabbed Kristen's head and the assistant forced Kristen to drink the quart of water, completely torturing the struggling girls bladder. 

Water spilled as Kristen struggled, gagging, coughing, and choking as they poured the water down her throat. "NOOOooOOO" she screamed in between gulps. A lot of the water spilled onto Kristen's bare breasts and tummy, splashing onto the ground. Even so, the added liquid was pure torture to the eighteen years old - her tummy expanded, the bloated feeling increased, the pressure on her bladder immense. Rachel giggled as they finished, and the assistant stepped back from the scene. The computer monitor showed pictures of the water being forced down Kristen's throat, the images showing how hard she was struggling against the pee humiliation she was being forced to endure. Kristen cried out again, the pressure sizzling inside of her, like a hot poker pushed into her body.

The pain was immense and her bladder throbbed violently, her body shaking again. "OH Please PLEASE PLEASE STOP oh God, III OH God, I need to go PPPEEEEE. PLEASE JUST LET ME GO PEEEE." Kristen's legs trembled; she was unable to control the shaking. "PLEASE, why WHY WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO MEEE???" she screamed, twitching violently in desperation. Her pee was surging inside, on the very edge of her pee hole, about to explode and come out. "NOOO, please PLEASE OH God PLEASE I HAVE TO PEEEEE!" Her screaming received no response. The photographer just kept clicking, the lights kept flashing. Rachel smiled and stroked Kristen's panties harder. She aligned her stroke with Kristen's slit, pushing into her panties, feeling the curls of Kristen's pubic hair bunched up, trapped by the tight, see through fabric of Kristen's black mesh panties. Kristen cried out, the touch torturing her tormented bladder.

She tried to hold back her pee, twisting violently against the shackles again, her body shaking, her heart racing, her blood screaming through her veins, her whole body on the very edge, in total agony. "NOOOOO" she screamed again as the hugest wave of pressure overtook her, the pee burning inside, the stinging insane. A slight dribble escaped her tortured pee hole, and as Rachel moved up and down with her finger, she felt the two inch wet spot that suddenly appeared in Kristen's crotch. Rachel kept her finger there and pushed, into Kristen. She screamed. "OH GODDD. NOOO. Please I NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM JUST OH God Please please PLEASE PLEASE JUST LET ME USE THE BATHROOM oh God".

Another spurt escaped from Kristen's screaming bladder. A slight trickle of pee ran down her right thigh. Rachel moved aside, letting the photographer zoom in. "NOOOOOOO!!! NOOOOOO oh God, why are you making me wet myself?????" Kristen begged, thrashing against the rock wall, her wrists sore from the restraints. One of her heels broke off, and she stood barefoot on one foot and in the other heel, her bladder screaming. Rachel probed again, pressing hard into Kristen's belly. "NOOO, not that. Oh God STOP STOP STOP, PLEASE STOP don't make me wet myself, OH God PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME WET MY SELF AGAINN OH GODDDDDD, noOOOOo!" Tears streamed from Kristen now, both cheeks were covered with streaks as she began crying uncontrollably. Her body shook and she trembled.

Another spurt of pee escaped and Kristen peed into her panties for three seconds. The photographer clicked rapidly, capturing the stream of pee as it left her exposed pee hole, capturing the spread of the wet spot, capturing the trickle of pee as it rolled down Kristen's legs as she shook violently, humiliated, shamed. The man behind the computer monitor smiled, loving the last shot, a close up of the tight fabric hugging Kristen's pubic mound, the burst of pee escaping through the stretched, taut fabric, a trickle of drops frozen in time as they dribbled down her leg. "Hurt her," the assistant screamed. Kristen screamed loudly. Rachel reached over and again pinched Kristen's nipples, this time as hard as she could. Kristen exploded in screams, her breast in agony as Rachel twisted her nipple in her surprisingly strong grip.

"NOOOO oh GODDDD NOOOOOOOOOO that hurts NOOOOOOO" Kristen yelled, her body in total panic. Rachel reached down, releasing her nipple and shoved her hand hard into Kristen's belly, and then put her hand right over the patch of panty and pushed, HARD, into Kristen's pubic mound. Kristen screamed again, her cries echoing throughout the rock quarry. "NOOOO. Oh GoD, OH GODDDDDDD THAT HURTS WHY WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?" Kristen's bladder screamed inside, the pressure too much. Rachel moved her hand to Kristen's breasts again and pinched her nipple again, hard. Pee exploded out of Kristen's body as she screamed again, her voice hoarse now. Tormented and tortured, she couldn't control her bodies' urges. Rachel stood back as Kristen cried out in a voice shattered by fear in total agony as she uncontrollably peed into her panties right there.

Pee exploded out of her pee hole, a thirty second sizzling stream of hot urine gushing through the transparent black fabric that so tightly cupped her girlhood, streaming down her legs and straight down onto the dirt between her legs. Kristen tried to hold it back. She couldn't. She screamed again. "OH GODDDD NOOOOOOOOOOOO! PLEASE!!!!! Oh NOOOOOO!" Her voice was in shambles, her throat raw from screaming, her body not obeying her commands. A huge puddle quickly formed beneath her as Kristen wet herself while being photographed; pee streaming out of her like a fire hose. She could barely speak and was whimpering, soft crying sounds coming from the tormented, humiliated girl as she continued to pee uncontrollably. The photographer kept clicking, zooming in again, capturing the stream of sizzling pee as it escaped her now wet panties, clearly capturing her most private area as her lips parted in tension.

Zooming out, he captured the girl crying, her face red with tears, the blond girl squeezing Kristen's nipples, watching the torture and humiliation progress. Rachel moved away, and the camera zoomed in on various parts of Kristen's body as she continued to pee into her panties. Her hands shook violently against the restraints; pee streaming out of her body as quickly as tears streamed from her eyes. She couldn't believe what was happening to her.

"Rachel, do it," the assistant commanded. Rachel smiled. Moving herself in front of Rachel, the photographer moved to the side. The assistant moved the big light. Rachel breathed in and then pressing her body against Kristen's, their bikini panties touching the others, Rachel started to wet her pants, her pee spraying through her pink bikini panties, flooding the fabric as she started peeing into Kristen's already wet panties. Kristen screamed, humiliated that the other girl, her sister's best friend, was peeing onto her!! Her eyes were wide as Rachel pulled her panties to the side and peed onto Kristen's panties. She reached over and pulled Kristen's panties away from her belly.

Stepping up onto a rock, Rachel giggled and shot a stream of sizzling hot pee directly between Kristen's panties and her tummy, her pee stream arcing and soaking Kristen. Kristen shrieked in panic, never having even imagined that another girl would be urinating onto her! Rachel slowly finished, and then began to caress and hug Kristen, touching her wet panties as the camera clicked. Kristen, trapped, had no choice but to endure the punishment. She winced as Rachel probed into her panties deeply, feeling up and down along Kristen's slit, Kristen trying to back away impossibly into the rock wall as she did so. Kristen had to pee again, and once again urinated as Rachel felt her pee stream coming out of her. Rachel pressed closer and put her hand over Kristen's mound, touching the sizzling stream that sprayed out of Kristen's body while Kristen winced. It didn't last long; twenty seconds later as it dwindled down, Rachel pulled away, leaving Kristen standing there, ashamed and humiliated.

The camera stopped clicking, and the lights stopped flashing. Finally, as Kristen stood there sobbing, the photographer called out, and as quickly as it began, it was over. Nicole came running down as they untied Kristen. "Well, that went pretty well. Here's your check!" Kristen looked through her tears at the check. Two thousand, just like she said. "Well, come again, it was nice working with you!" Kristen was speechless, still in shock. Kristen looked around, and hobbled back up to the trailer. Embarrassed, she took a bottle of water and emptied it into a paper towel and tried to wash herself, cleaning the pee streaks from her legs and trying to wash her crotch as best she could. She cried as she finished, tears still trickling from her eyes down her cheek, and she sheepishly put her blue mesh panties back on, pulled up her micro miniskirt, and put her white ribbed tank top back on. Her hair was a mess, and she was red with embarrassment from having wet herself in front of the camera.

She tried to compose herself. "Be strong," she repeated. "Be Strong!" A deep breathe. She wiped the tears from her cheeks, put on her sandals, turned around, and sheepishly walked up the hill again, over to her car, and got in. Right as she crested the top of the hill she heard a high-pitched shriek. Nicole had walked over to the trailer, and unable to hold her bladder in any longer, suddenly began to pee viciously into her short khaki shorts, right in front of the crew, pee streaming down her legs and darkening the crotch of her shorts, pee running everywhere as she screamed out in shame.

The photographer quickly zoomed over to where his makeup stylist stood, wetting herself in her shorts and snapped a few shots without her knowing it. She started crying as she wet herself in front of everyone, an irony, being that she knew clearly what the job here was: she did makeup and styling for a fetish photographer, yet she never would have DARED to have wet herself like what she knew had just happened to Kristen.

But here she was, pee dripping down her lovely legs, her shorts clearly wet with pee, and everyone was looking at her. And photographs were being taken. She was humiliated. But Kristen didn't bother to turn around to look. She drove off down the road, still mortified at the humiliation she had been put through. She hoped and prayed that her Dad would never find out just what she had done for her first modeling job - he would most certainly have a heart attack if he saw her half naked peeing in her see through underwear tied to a rock wall. She was ashamed. Stopping at the light, she looked over at her copy of the model release she had signed. Sure enough, on page three it clearly stated she would agree to fetish modeling. She cried out, cursing herself for not reading the agreement before she signed it. Shamed that for the second time that day she had wet her pants in front of people, she drove home, sobbing. As she reached the interstate, she sped up, hurrying to get home.

Driving for a few miles, she began to feel a little better, still ashamed, but calming down. Until she ended up in a traffic jam caused by road construction- cars were stopped and people were looking at her, her ultra short miniskirt barely covering her body. She lost her positive attitude that she had tried to wear on her face, and once again tears sprang to her eyes. She tried to stop her crying but struggled, as the day's events were too much for her. Stopped in traffic, she swore loudly, to nobody in particular. "WHY can't something just work right for me today!" she yelled in anguish. She hated traffic jams. The cars weren't moving; the sun was beating down on her in her convertible. Stuck, trapped in the traffic, Kristen suddenly felt genuine fear. She needed to use the bathroom again. Badly. Her weakened bladder had filled quickly to its limit with all the water she drank, and here she was, miles from an exit, exposed in her short mini-skirt, her bladder throbbing in desperation.

"Oh God, NOT AGAIN!!" she cried out, clenching her legs, willing the traffic jam to release so she could get home before she wet herself again. "NOT AGAIN, oh Jesus, please don't let it happen to me again!!!" she cried out, her body anguished as her bladder pulsated within her. The stinging pain started again, starting slowly. Kristen looked around. She was stuck, and it was hot. Without thinking, she finished the last of the water she had brought earlier as she waited.

Then things started to move. Cars were moving slowly now, a few miles per hour. Kristen cursed the other drivers as she sat there, in her convertible, in her short micro miniskirt, exposing her blue mesh panties, and needing to pee so badly she started to worry if she would make it home before she had another accident. The next exit was only three miles ahead. Biting her lip, the 18-year-old model clenched her legs together, willing herself to hold in her pee, desperate to make it to the next exit to find a bathroom. Any bathroom. She didn't care, she'd go pee behind a rock if she needed to, and she just didn't want to have another accident today.

At eighteen years old, she wasn't supposed to wet her pants and already had done just that twice in one day. The complete and utter shame of that fact humiliated her and she almost started to cry. How could life be so cruel to her? Why did she have to have not one, but TWO accidents on one day? It wasn't fair!! Another mile to go, the stinging pressure increased, and Kristen struggled to keep her car between the lines; her body was starting to squirm as her need to urinate grew immensely. At least the cars were moving now. Slowly. She applied the brakes quickly, letting her attention lapse for a moment and almost rear-ending the red pickup in front of her. She stopped in time, clenching her legs together awkwardly, holding back her pee. "Come on, COME ON" she screamed, her bladder protesting, the pain of the spasms increasing with every second. Kristen once again needed to go to the bathroom so badly it would not be possible for her to hold it much longer.

The stinging pain tortured the struggling girl as she sat trapped in her car, wishing traffic would move faster towards the exit. Half a mile to go- her calves shook, twitching, as her legs were pressed together. The awkwardness of having to drive while trying to hold back her pee was causing more problems. She tried to keep her legs tightly together while at the same time leaving her right foot on the accelerator. Her knees were locked together, and her mini-skirt had rose up by now from all her squirming, exposing another slice of her thigh on the sides.

Her panties were in full view, only an inch or two of fabric covering them on the top of her lap - not enough, anybody who drove by in a taller vehicle - like the 18 wheelers - could clearly see her blue underwear. With one hand jammed between her legs, pressing against her pee hole, those same onlookers could immediately tell that Kristen was absolutely bursting, desperate to pee and trying to rush to the exit before she wet herself into her skirt in her new car. The exit ramp lay ahead. "Come On, come on come-on oh God," she squealed, the pressure intensifying.

She pressed her fingers into her girlhood firmer, trying to ease the torture on her urethra and her pee-hole, her pee so desperate to escape, her body racked with agonizing pain. She tried to take deep breathes, but couldn't. She was almost hyperventilating; sweat forming on her brow as she tried to clench her muscles. She needed to pee SO BADLY now that she could barely drive. The stinging sensation increased again, shock wave after shock wave of screaming pain ravishing her young struggling body. The exit had a fast food restaurant to the right side. Kristen saw it and knew she was near relief. "Oh GOD, just a few more minutes, oh God." She clenched her muscles. She was at the traffic light now - red. She waited. The restaurant was up there past the light to the right. She could see the entrance to the parking lot; she could even see the bathroom doors through the windows.

Relief was nearby! Her body shook, a wave of surging pressure overtaking her once again. She felt her urine throb inside of her, seemingly on the very edge of her pee hole, about to explode and burst out into her panties. She HAD to hold on. Just a few more seconds! She pressed harder into her panties, feeling the tangled mass of pubic hair through the nylon fabric. Finally, the light turned green! A yellow school bus was finishing the turn into her lane before she could move, and Kristen once again almost started peeing, her bladder screaming, throbbing, pulsating violently inside her tortured body. "HURRY UP," she screamed at the school bus, on the breaking point, she was about to explode into her mini skirt and knew she couldn't hold out for very long!

Finally, she went through the intersection and then followed the yellow school bus into the parking lot. "CRAP," she swore loudly. No parking spots near the front, the bus had taken the last one. She drove around to the other side and found the last spot. Quickly parking, she almost wet her skirt when she took her hand away from her pee hole. The pressure was insane and as she quickly stepped out of the car and adjusted her mini-skirt, Kristen almost started urinating right there - a violent surge of pee pressure ran through her body, her heart rate soared, her pulse quickened, and she tried with every muscle to contain the flow. Walking, stumbling, she arrived at the side door of the building. Pulling on the door, her knees locked together in absolute agony. It didn't open. Another wave of pressure coursed through her muscles, Kristen almost peed again, just barely holding it back at the last minute, her body wanting to release SO badly. Then she saw the little plastic sign on the door.

"Please use front entrance." She swore. Walking around the side, she arrived at the front door. Opening it, she immediately stepped inside and stumbled as she walked quickly. Regaining her balance, trying not to pee herself in front of everyone standing at the crowded counter, she headed quickly to the back along the right where the bathrooms were. As she turned the corner quickly, desperate to get to the bathroom in the next few seconds before she could no longer hold back her pee, she bumped into a girl. Looking up, she saw a white and purple cheerleader's uniform turn and look at her. "Excuse me," she mumbled. Then she nearly froze in fright: There was a line of cheerleaders, all in their uniforms and cheerleader skirts, all waiting to use the one ladies' bathroom! Kristen started to feel faint. She looked around. At least twenty girls in front of her! Twenty cheerleaders. A few of them were holding themselves, apparently in very serious need of a bathroom themselves.

"Um, are you ALL in line for the bathroom??" she asked the girl in front of her. "Yea, we just came back from like this school an hour from here and I need to pee so bad I can't stand it!" The girl in front of the girl who spoke looked to be having incredible struggles. Shorter, maybe 5'3 with blond hair tied up in a ponytail, her muscular legs were clenched together and she was half bent over, crying, looking up, her eyes wide, in obvious need of the bathroom herself. "Wow, you really have to go, Tara, don't you?" the first cheerleader said. "Mm. Oh God, shut up. Oh God" the girl replied, looking behind her.

Kristen saw her standing there, holding her skirt up, her legs clenched together, her white cheerleader skirt bunched around her waist, with her purple lycra cheerleader trunks visible. She was pacing back and forth, trying to keep from peeing into her uniform. Kristen didn't know what to do. Seeing this other girl incredibly desperate made it even worse, and once again she felt an enormous wave of pressure overtake her, the pee screaming inside, the pain worse than before, her weakened bladder rebelling from the torture of having to hold SO much water.

Kristen knew she would have to wait... but could she? The line moved as one girl came out. "HURRRY," the struggling cheerleader screamed. Kristen tried to concentrate, tried to stem the flow, and was struggling. The burning sensation came again, the pressure stinging inside of her, as she needed to pee immediately. Looking around, she looked for the men's room, thinking she would just have to sneak in there before she peed into her miniskirt in front of this bus full of cheerleaders. Just as she thought about that, another girl came out. The line moved. "OH GOD- No. HURRRY please HURRRY oh God pleASE," screamed Tara. The struggling cheerleader was crying, her body shaking, her ponytail flopping back and forth as she shook. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She clenched her legs but to no avail. "NOOOOOOO" she screamed, and Kristen turned to look at her.

Tara looked up at her friend and then at Kristen just as she started to uncontrollably pee into her cheerleader trunks. Kristen saw the pee stain quickly appear in the purple fabric as it clung to the tortured girls mound and then saw the streams explode from the tight fabric, a large stream gushing out of the lycra fabric aiming down the inside of her thighs, and pee droplets running down her legs as well as her trunks were soon soaked.

Within two seconds the cheerleader was uncontrollably peeing into her uniform skirt, pee streaming out of her pee hole, gushing through the purple fabric as she held her cheerleading skirt up and out of the way. She screamed again, and everybody in line started to turn around and they giggled and laughed as they saw her peeing into her pants, right there, a huge puddle forming between her legs. Kristen tried to look away, but couldn't. Watching the cheerleader go to the bathroom in her cheerleading outfit in a huge public accident was too much; it reminded her of how badly she needed to go.

Struggling, her own pee pressure shrieking inside of her, Kristen tried to hold on. Another wave cascaded through her body and she started to shake. She knew it was all over. She tried to hold it back, but couldn't. For the third time that day, Kristen wet her self. Her tormented bladder exploded and her pee hole released a sizzling gushing stream through her blue mesh panties, splashing between her legs onto the floor and running down her right inner thigh. Kristen started crying, sobbing as she tried to stop the flow but could not - her bladder was much to weak from the day's torture and she continued to pee into her pants right in front of the cheerleaders waiting in line. Tara had just finished peeing and turned around, as did everyone else, and suddenly 18 cheerleaders were looking at Kristen as she peed into her miniskirt.

The pee came splashing onto the floor between her legs, her thighs shiny as her bladder emptied into her clothing, soaking her legs, stream after stream of warm, sizzling pee escaping from the girl's tormented, humiliated body. All of the cheerleaders started laughing, except for Tara, who stood there in fright, having just wet herself too. Kristen cried out in anguish and humiliation and left the restaurant, heading quickly back to her car, escaping the scene where she had just wet herself for the third time. Pee dripping from her panties and down her legs, cars in the parking lot honked their horns as drivers laughed out loud at the pretty dark haired girl running to her car, having so obviously wet her pants in the restaurant. Inside, a thin red headed girl near the back of the line softly began crying, trying to hide from the others.

Those that were looking in her direction saw the girl suddenly wet her cheerleading outfit, pee streaming down her thin freckled legs, her trunks quickly soaked as she had her accident as she stood there, shaking, tears streaming down her freckled face, her red hair tied back in a ponytail. Her body kept spraying hot urine through her trunks and she felt humiliated as she peed into her uniform right there, the hot pee streaming down her thin thighs while she cried. Luckily the others were still laughing at Kristen's huge accident and they didn't see her - until she walked back into the bus and everyone noticed the shiny pee streak marks on her white legs. The red headed girl then started to sob in embarrassment as the other girls started to tease her too.

The shyest member of the cheerleading squad, she was ashamed that she had just wet herself in front of the rest of the girls. It was bad enough peeing in her jeans when she had taken the SAT tests earlier in the year. Everyone in the classroom had started laughing as they saw the pee puddle spread between her legs in the chair. Her jeans had quickly gotten soaked from the hissing pee that horrible afternoon, but peeing herself in a public place in front of her friends while wearing the revealing cheerleading outfit was entirely too much for the petite, shy redhead to endure. She cried harder, shaking in humiliation and embarrassment.

Meanwhile, outside, Kristen pulled out of the parking lot in mortal shame, still sobbing uncontrollably, and started to ease her car back up to the expressway, to head home before her Dad would get home. WHY was life so cruel to her? She had wet her pants AGAIN!! Kristen was absolutely mortified at how horribly her day had gone. "It can NOT get any worse!!" she swore to herself. She had to avoid Dad. Absolutely. Positively. She could NOT let him see this - he would have a heart attack for sure. Talking to herself, trying to calm herself down after the most horrendous day in her life, she didn't even notice how high her mini-skirt had been pulled up and how exposed her now-soaking wet blue panties were to the trucks and SUVs that drove by.

Crying, sobbing in humiliation, Kristen rushed home. She didn't notice how many other vehicles honked at her as she drove home, her skirt obviously wet from her pee accident. Even worse, all the water she had been forced to drink was taking its toll on her abused bladder, and within a few miles of the exit for her house, Kristen noticed, once again, that she needed to go to the bathroom- very, very badly. She clenched her legs together once again, glad that at least it wasn't that far to go before she would get home.

Twenty minutes later, Kristen pulled down the side street and headed to her house. Looking at the driveway, she breathed a sigh of relief. She needed to pee SO badly again, and thankfully, her father wasn't home yet. Pulling into the driveway, she looked around and then got out of the car, adjusting her miniskirt as she did so. A wet stain was on the seat, so she threw a towel over it to hide it. She couldn't let her parents know what had happened today. She trembled a bit as she walked to the front door, her bladder once again screaming violently for relief. She was seconds away from a toilet and then a nice warm shower, and then she'd try to do laundry before her father would get home from work. Walking up to the door, she looked around; the dark haired girl who lived next door was a few blocks away, walking down the sidewalk with a bag in her hand. Nobody else. Kristen reached into her purse and tried to find her keys. She couldn't.

"NOO," she cried. Her bladder pulsated once again, all of the torture it had endured had made her need to pee so much worse than usual now. She shook, and clenched her legs as she felt the stinging sensation pierce through her body, her need to pee suddenly immediate. She walked back to the car and rummaged through the front seat. Nothing. No keys. Struggling, she made her way back to the door. Checked under the flowerpot where her Mom used to keep a spare. Nothing. "Shit!!!" she swore. Her bladder pulsed stronger. It had just been over half an hour since she had wet herself and now she had to go pee, very badly, again. So badly that her weakened bladder could not possibly hold up to any more abuse. She needed to pee right now, the pressure insane. She started to tremble. WHAT could she do? She was LOCKED OUT!!! "DAMNNNNN" she swore, realizing the agony she was facing.

Her bladder sent a huge wave of spasms through her body again, her pee hole barely holding on, the hot urine inside of her dying to escape once again, her bladders membranes weak and stretched, the throbbing pressure unrelenting. Kristen needed to go to the bathroom SO badly! She looked around, needing to use the restroom but locked out of her own house! She couldn't wait for her Dad to get home - he'd know she wet herself and spank her again. Or worse. She turned around, desperate now. Her bladder completely weakened, her body sent massive surges of pee pressure through her. She started to cry again, just slightly. Sitting down on the cement step, she faced the street, not knowing what to do. Her bladder screamed. The neighbor girl was getting closer; maybe she could ask her if she had a key. She sat, her legs open, and the dark hair girl strode by, a plastic bag in her right hand.

Right as she neared the intersection of the sidewalk and the walk to Kristen's front door, Kristen thought about crying out and asking to use her bathroom next door, but then, just as Kristen opened her mouth, a huge spasm shook the struggling eighteen year old and Kristen's bladder exploded. Without any warning she started to pee forcefully and violently into her skirt, a huge puddle quickly spreading between her legs on the cement steps as she urinated uncontrollably into her skirt again!

The hissing sound was obvious in the quiet of the day as pee thrashed through her panties yet once again, and with her legs apart, it was completely obvious that Kristen was wetting on herself to anybody that walked by. Her soaked blue panties in clear view up her miniskirt as she sat there, uncontrollably urinating into her clothes on the step, her legs spread apart in shame. Kristen started crying, unable to stop the flow, feeling the hot pee spread on the step and feeling the wetness soak her miniskirt and the back of her upper legs and butt. She was sitting in a puddle of her own pee!

The dark haired neighbor stopped and looked. Wearing a blue business suit, blue blazer, and a tight pair of blue pinstripe slacks, along with a white blouse, she had just gotten done with her work for the day and was returning from the corner convenience store, two large bottles of water in the plastic bag she was holding. She looked at Kristen, who was crying uncontrollably. Kristen looked up, embarrassed, her legs still open, a huge puddle of pee still quickly spreading between them while she continued to void relentlessly, her pee hissing and sizzling noisily out of her pee hole, spraying through the taut fabric of her mesh panties, gushing like a waterfall out of the poor girls pee hole. The dark haired girl walked up to her, closer, only a few feet away, and looked right up Kristen's skirt.

She saw the dark tangle of pubic hair and the pee spraying out from the mesh panties as Kristen finished peeing into her skirt. She saw the huge puddle spreading between Kristen's legs- running down the step, spreading into the grass. Kristen looked up, mumbling. "I'm sorry oh my, I'm sorry I just wet my pantssss, oh God oh NOO, oh GODDD," she cried, embarrassed that yet again she had wet herself. This time in front of her neighbor, who seemed like such a quiet, shy girl. She looked down and put her head into her hands, crying uncontrollably, mortified knowing that their next door neighbor had just seen her wet her pants. The dark haired girl said nothing and smiled. Kristen sobbed louder, completely ashamed; she never looked up to see the quickly spreading flood of pee that the quiet dark haired girl was spraying into her tightly fitting pinstripe slacks.

The pee came flooding out of the expensive fabric as she urinated into them, flowing wonderfully down her legs while she emptied her bladder into her business outfit while looking up Kristen's skirt to look at the wetness and her puddle. Kristen never noticed the hissing noise as the dark hair girl continued to empty her bladder into her slacks, a sheepish smile coming onto her face while she wet on herself on purpose in front of the humiliated eighteen-year-old model. She was completely turned on yet again by the sight of her neighbor wetting herself. As the dark haired girl turned to walk away, her slacks were weighted down with pee and drops followed her footsteps as she quickly walked back down the sidewalk and headed into her own house. Kristen didn't even bother to look up; she never knew the girl had wet herself on purpose in front of her.

Slowly starting to control her sobbing, Kristen tried to gather her thoughts. Wiping her cheeks with her fingers, she tried to stop shaking and crying. She looked up. The sound of a car pulling into the driveway shook her out of her misery. Glancing up, she saw her father get out of his car and start walking over. In his hand were a bunch of photographs, downloaded from the Internet an hour earlier. As he got closer, she saw the photographs. The rock. The shackles. And worst of all- a close-up of her sister's friend Rachel touching her panties while she peed through them during the modeling session. "Oh NO," she swore, realizing what must have happened. She froze in fright, wondering where he had gotten the pictures?

Her father called out her name- once, in anger. Kristen started to cry again uncontrollably as her father bounded over to her in big steps, the photographs in his hand. "NOOOOOOO" she screamed as he grabbed her, unlocking the door and dragging her up the stairs into her room. "NOOO DAD, please, NOOOO, oh GODDD, please, NOOOO, I can explain..." she sobbed, begging, pleading to her angry father, who was reaching for the long ruler, his face red with fury.

In the next house, the dark haired girl had quickly changed into a red bathing suit she used to wear as a lifeguard. She hadn't even showered yet, and her bladder was filling up again from the two quarts of water she had drunk a little earlier. She went out on her balcony, and sure enough, looked through Kristen's open window. The taut fabric of her bathing suit clung to her damp mound. She touched herself, stroking the red fabric, feeling her fingernails stroke against the fabric that clung to her pubic hair so wonderfully tight.

She looked into the window. Kristen stood there, her skirt pulled off, her pee soaked wet panties obvious to anyone who looked in. She was crying. Her father reached back, and the sound of the wooden ruler as it quickly and violently connected with the wet panties clinging to Kristen's ass was unmistakable. Again. Again. Again. Kristen screamed out, her voice harsh as her father spanked her violently, each time the ruler connecting with her wet panties, stinging, the pain impressive as he continued to punish her for her misdeeds.

The dark haired girl sat and watched, just like that morning. Through the large window she saw everything. A stream of pee exploded through her red bathing suit and her fingers quickly reached for herself, feeling the warm urine spread through her crotch and once again trickles onto the floor of her balcony. 27 years old, she once again wet herself on purpose, completely excited as she watched her younger neighbor getting spanked by her father for wetting herself in pictures. She knew she'd have to check out the Internet later to go find them. A smile came across her face as she pleasured herself on the porch. Kristen's screaming continued, her voice weakened now from the punishment. It was a horrible day on her first job for the aspiring teenage model- and a wonderful day for her lesbian neighbor.
