Title: No Plumber Needed

By: Tracy

Garrod and Tracy were suddenly awaken by the sound of the phone ringingwhich layed upon the nightstand next to their bed. Garrod rolled over and reached over Tracy's beautiful soft tits to answer it. On the other end was the apartment's maintenece man claiming he was swamped with requests from many other tenants and would not be able to come in their apartment until tomorrow morning to fix their toilet. Garrod annoyingly hung up the phone while Tracy smiled a sly smile. Just what she was waiting for, a chance to try her new idea out with Garrod. Tracy had always had a secret fetish with being pissed on and pissing on a man, yet it was a fetish which she had never tried. She was not sure how to go about in asking a man. Garrod and Tracy discussed it a little, yet they have never actually tried it. Tracy turned to Garrod and put his hand over her hand over her pussy. "Oh baby, I need to pee so badly!"

Tracy said with a mischeivious gleam in her eyes. Garrod turned and looked at her with a smile and said, "I know what you want." Tracy sat up eagerly in bed and said slyly,"Well sweetie you will have to go pee sooner or later.. why not just pee on me." Garrod was getting a little excited about the thought of peeing all over Tracy. He wanted to share everything with her. "Where are we going to do it though?" Garrod said. 

Tracy, already having thinking and fantasizing about it,said, "We can go into the bathtub sweetie, and we can watch the pee just flow out of us, feel the warmness as it hits our naked bodies... oh and hear the sweet sound it makes as it hits the tub." Garrod began to feel his dick throb, for he thought about how new and exciting this was going to be."Hhhhhmmmmm, I cannot wait to pee all over your beautiful naked body," Garrod said with eagerness in his voice. "Oh yes sweetie! I want you to piss all over my tits, all over my ass, all over my stomach, and my neck and face!" Tracy said as she began pulling her tee-shirt she had worn the night before off of her body. She then pulled down her black silk panties while Garrod began to walk towards her. Tracy pulled off Garrod's boxers and pressed her naked body close to his. Garrod was so excited he began to have the sensation of peeing almost right away.

Tracy also had the need to pee, so she got a drink of water for her and Garrod from the bathroom faucet. They drank as much as they could, for they wanted to pee as long as possible. Garrod's dick was pulsating as he led Tracy into the white porcelin tub. The bathroom floor was cold to the touch, but the tub was much colder. Tracy sat at the edge of the tub and began to kiss Garrod's cock ever so gently. He moaned softly, and Tracy was now ready to let him feel her warmness trickle all over Garrod's body and watch it trickle down the tub and flow in the tub.

Tracy allowed a tiny amount to release, for she wanted Garrod to see her pee flowing from her and feel the warmness on his feet. Yet Tracy wanted also to make it last as long as possible. She had to go so bad that she began to squirm on the edge of the tub. She squeezed her long legs in together tightly,not wanting any more to come out until she was squatting down over Garrod's face. She told Garrod to lay down in the tub as she shoved her hand tightly against her pussy in order to stop the intensity and urgency of having to pee. Her nipples became so hard as goosebumps spread all across her beautiful, naked body. Garrod was now laying down and was holding his hard dick in his hand. Tracy squatted over his face as Garrod peered up her pussy.

He stroked it lovingly as Tracy began to squat a little lower. She smiled as she leaned her head back, and with her eyes shut she released the pressure that had been building. The pee came out of Tracy's pussy so fast that she moaned as the pressure from her bladder had been released. She watched the pee spread across garrod's face and she became so excited when she noticed Garrod smiling with pleasure. Tracy's pussy dripped over his face as she stoped peeing. Garrod opened his eyes and sat up to let more of her hot present run down his body. Tracy's eyes were closed as she took a deep breath and moaned. Garrod grabbed Tracy and pulled her body in so close to his. They kissed a deep and passionate kiss.

Neither of them had ever been so turned on. Garrod saw the lust and hunger gazing back at him as he peered into Tracy's deep green eyes. Tracy then stepped out of the tub, and Garrod watched her naked body walk across the apartment floor into the kitchen. From the bathroom he could see into the livingrom and kitchen, for it was a tiny loft apartment. It was all they could afford, both working part time and trying to go to school as well. Yet it was perfect size for the two of them. Tracy then opened up the refrigerator and took out a bottle of water. As she was walking back to the bathroom she noticed a man from across the way peeking at them with binoculars. Excitedly Tracy rushed back to tell Garrod of the PEEping Tom!

Garrod laughed and Tracy began to take a long drink from the bottle. She slipped her lips around it and veered her head back. Garrod watched her swallow the cold water and then she smiled at him. Tracy sat back down onto the side of the tub and spread her legs open wide. She stuck the water bottle in and squirted the cold water up inside of her hot pussy. She shivered and screamed with delight. Garrod then looked at her and said with a bit of urgency, "Ohhhhhh baby I really have to pee!" Tracy then sat down in the tub leaning her back against the shower wall. "Leave the door open so our neighbor can watch!" Tracy said. Garrod opened the door wider so the  man could see them act out their wild act of lust and passion. Garrod stood over Tracy and leaned back his head to release the flow of pee that ran down Tracy's neck to her glistening pussy. 

Tracy quickly turned around so he could pee down her back and ass. Garrod's eyes were closed, as Tracy surprised him by stroking his dick to try and drain it for more warmness. She was only able to get a few more drops for which she rubbed and smeared all over her face. They were both so caught up in the moment that they forgot about the peeping tom. Tracy took Garrod by the hand where they walked out naked into the living area. They felt the cool tile floor beneath their feet in contrast to the recent warness all over their bodies that they had just experienced. They stood by the large window holding each others naked bodies close. Tracy, from being excited and from drinking the water felt as if she had to piss again. So she ran back into the bathroom as her soft tits bounced up and down. She grabbed the water bottle and slipped it back into her mouth.

She drank so much water, even though she was not thirsty. Tracy wanted so badly to piss all over Garrod's dick. She siped the water until her stomach was so full of water along with her bladder being full as well.By now the neighbor across the way was standing there naked stroking his dick which was now very errect. Tracy then pushed Garrod down to the floor. He ever so slightly arched his back as it touched the cool tile floor. Tracy then sat down onto his hard dick and began to bounce up and down onto it.

Tracy could control herself no longer in which she released her hot pee onto Garrod's dick. It glided down where it created a little puddle onto the tiled floor. Garrod then in a stern voice said"Tracy lay down!" Tracy smiled and laid down right in the puddle she had just created. Garrod then began to hurridly drink the water from the water bottle as Tracy stuck her fingers up inside of her to get the peepee tatste all over her fingers. She then stuck her fingers into Garrod's mouth as he sat down onto her chest. He then held his dick where he proceeded to shove it inside of her mouth. Tracy looked up at Garrod with a gleam in her eyes.

She closed her eyes as she felt the steady stream of piss enter her mouth and spread throughout. The warmness flowed inside and went back to her tonsils. Tracy then looked over at the neibor who was peering at them. She motioned for Garrod to it up and look, for the neighbor had peed all over his floor and window. Garrod and Tracy giggled as Garrod proceeded to take Tracy's face inside of his hands. He kissed her so deeply to share the taste of his warm pee. Oh, the kiss was not just a kiss, but it was Garrod's way of being greedy to taste his taste and share it with Tracy. With the tastes of pee still lingering on their tongues, Tracy began to lick Garrod's neck as Garrod felt the warmess of Tracy's tongue. It jumped back to his mouth where they kissed pasionately. They layed onto the floor together both amazed at the incredible experience they had just shared, and they could not wait to try it again later on that night.  

and more and she realised that if she continued to sit the piss would soak through. She stood up slowly walking to the door area, she leant against the wall and using her bag for cover held herself tightly.

Anna was fighting a losing battle dancing and squirming, legs crossed get slowly wetter and wetter waiting for the enviable flood. She looked around in panic nobody on the quite train had noticed, suddenly she became aware of her hands they felt wet. That meant it was seeping through she was pissing through her skirt. Gritting her teeth she forced hands away. There was a large stain reaching almost to the hem. Panicking she sat down on the nearest chair, she put her hands in her lap, it was to late to worry about her clothes now and she must hold on! But still had to go so very badly.

Unable to resist the urge to cross her legs she pressed her hand through the damp skirt as hard as she could. But the next spurt did not stop it grew and became a gush the pee poured out soaking her she felt wet on the back on her knees. Now she was glad for the fullness of the skirt the material absorbed most of the pee, so only a small puddle formed on the floor.

Anna at to sit in the cooling piss for ten more minutes before she got to her stop. She felt another wave coming but savagely suppressed it. She waited until the last moment and then quickly left the train. She stood by a wall waiting for the platform to empty. This caused her to lost control and she started pissing again this time she pressed her legs together causing the piss to flow into her shoes.

Anna started to slowly walk home the pee cooling uncomfortably. She was very wet and the stains on the front and back her clothes (her jacket was wet at the back) each step reminded her that she had wet herself. But arriving home she felt odd and did not hurry to change instead getting a large towel she placed it on her favourite chair and sat down adjusting her skirt. Once more her hand followed the line of the pleating but this time when it she pressed it against herself it had nothing to do with pain.

