Sharon's semester was finally over and she had a couple weeks off before the winter semester started. Kathy had invited her over for an end of semester "surprise" that Saturday. Sharon had no idea what to expect, but was hoping for more pee fun with her professor.
Sharon dressed herself in tight jeans which showed off her perfectly shaped athletic ass and a tight pink t–shirt under a heavy winter coat. Kathy greeted her with a hug and a quick peck on the lips at the door. Sharon was pleased to see her eyes wander over her body as she invited her in. Kathy led her to the kitchen where a large pot of hot chocolate was brewing. Sharon immediately accepted Kathy's offer of a hot drink and excitedly watched her fill a large mug to the brim. The two women then seated themselves at the table to drink and converse.
Sharon quickly finished her drink in five minutes, eagerly anticipating what was coming up. Kathy refilled her mug almost to the brim just as before. Sharon began downing the hot chocolate at the same rapid pace again. As she was emptying her refilled mug, she came to the realization that Kathy was not consuming her drink as quickly, merely sipping it. In fact, she was still on her first drink. Perhaps this invitation was not for pee games at all. Fearing that she had misjudged the situation, Sharon stopped drinking with a few gulps left to match Kathy's pace.
Kathy seemed to sense the change and offered Sharon a refill. Not wishing to disappoint her, Sharon gulped down the little liquid remaining in her mug and allowed Kathy to fill it to the brim again. Kathy then revealed her plans to visit a great park she knew with beautiful scenery, especially in the winter time. Sharon agreed to the idea without a second thought. She loved nature and knew there would be other benefits to a day out with Kathy.
"Well, let's drink up then! We don't want to be late!" Kathy exclaimed enthusiastically. She lifted her mug to gulp quickly. Sharon glanced at the full cup in front of her and decided she better follow suit, so that Kathy wouldn't be kept waiting.
Kathy finished her drink and got up with her car keys in hand, before coming to an abrupt halt. "Oh! I almost forgot! The trip will be a bit of a drive so we better go pee before we hit the road. There are no stops permitted on the highway and the other roads can get pretty icy so I'd prefer not to take any unnecessary exits. Would you like to join me in the washroom or are you okay?"
Sharon didn't need to be asked twice. She quickly followed Kathy's lead into the washroom. Kathy pulled down her jeans and seated herself on the toilet. She peed purposefully in front of Sharon, who could feel herself getting excited by the yellow stream flowing from her professor's pussy into the toilet bowl below. Kathy wiped and pulled up her pants, and stepped aside to make room for Sharon. Sharon shyly undid her own jeans and sat down on the toilet seat. She concentrated deeply, finding it difficult to start urinating under Kathy's gaze. Kathy reached between Sharon's legs and gently massaged her vagina, feeling her short public hair. It sent a pleasurable shiver up Sharon's spine and she started to pee on Kathy's fingers. Kathy pulled her hand away and washed up. Sharon finished peeing moments later and rose to do up her pants.
"Is that all you had in your bladder?" Kathy asked.
"Yes, I didn't have much to drink this morning," Sharon replied, a bit perplexed at the inquiry.
"Oh okay, just making sure you're going to be comfortable for the long ride we're headed on," Kathy responded with a warm smile. Sharon could feel the huge volume of hot chocolate in her tummy. She knew that it didn't matter how much she peed now– the liquid she had just drank would not be demanding release until a while later. A bit worried now, she followed Kathy outside to her car parked in the driveway. She hoped the drive wouldn't be too long. She was definitely going to have problems holding such a large amount of liquid in her body for an extended amount of time. Kathy's seats were covered with towels; she explained that they were for better heat retention as she didn't have heated seats. Sharon glared at her suspiciously; she suspected the towels were in place for entirely different reasons.
Thirty minutes in, Sharon was already feeling a growing need for the toilet. They had just entered the highway ten minutes ago and it seemed like a long ways to go by the looks of things. Kathy was chatting happily, telling her all about her own college life and childhood. Most of Sharon's attention was on her bladder and wondering how long before she would be able to empty it. She wanted to ask how far away the park was, but didn't want to let Kathy know she needed to pee already. She could feel her eyes scanning her lap and legs for signs of desperation ever so often.
Soon, an hour had passed and Kathy showed no signs of slowing down. Sharon's need to pee had intensified from a slight discomfort to sharp pains from every bump and swerve in the road. She could no longer refrain from jiggling her legs in desperation, which had led to more frequent glances from Kathy. She finally asked Kathy how much longer before they would reach the park.
"What's the matter? Not enjoying my stories all that much?" Kathy joked.
"I need to pee soon or I'm going to wet myself in your car," Sharon responded shakily. She knew that Kathy was perfectly aware of what was going on inside her pants, but was forcing her to talk about it.
"Well, I did warn you to empty your bladder before we left. You didn't pee out much then, did you?"
Sharon didn't bother replying. This was all Kathy's scheme to enjoy the sight of her squirming around in desperation. If only she had seen it coming!
Ten minutes later, Sharon was in deep trouble. Her bladder was pulsating inside her and she had no choice but to grip her womanhood for dear life. She was constantly wiggling in her seat now, as if plugged into an electric outlet. Kathy had produced a 1 litre bottle from her backpack and was gulping down water every few minutes. Sharon could tell she was preparing for a nice long pee once she was out of the car. Sharon envied her having the luxury of timing her liquid intake so that she would not have to accidently wet her jeans, especially not in the car. They were still on the highway and Kathy had given no indication of stopping anytime soon.
The car bounced heavily over a pothole. Sharon felt herself squirt into her full–cut cotton panties. "Can you please pull over?" she begged helplessly. "I'll pee on the side of the road." At this point, Sharon didn't care if she had to pull down her panties in front of the world. Anything to avoid peeing her jeans in the car.
"No. I told you before– I can't pull over on the highway. When we get to the exit, I'll find you a spot to piss!"
It was another five minutes before the exit finally came up. By then, Sharon had squirted several more times. She pleaded with Kathy again to pull over quickly, fearing that her professor would purposely make her wait even longer. However, Kathy kept her promise and pulled over a moment after exiting the highway. There was moderate traffic on the road, but Sharon didn't care who saw her pee just as long as she finally got to relieve herself. Her bum was already soaked from squirting, but she knew she could avoid the complete flood if she held on just few more seconds.
As she got out of the car, Sharon spurted heavily into her jeans. Dancing wildly, she made her way onto the roadside gravel and tried to undo her jeans. In her desperate state, it was too much. She lost control before she could get them down and flooded her pants. Feeling helpless and humiliated knowing all the drivers zooming by were witnessing her accident, she squatted to pee through the denim cloth. Sharon finally finished peeing two minutes later and headed back to the car.
Kathy greeted her with a wide grin on her face, obviously very entertained by her wetting accident. Sharon blushed heavily as she seated herself on the towel. She felt embarrassed and angry at Kathy for doing this to her, but also very turned on. Her pussy was grinding against her soaked panties and she had half a mind to rub herself to an orgasm right there. However, she decided it was probably better to not let Kathy know just how much she enjoyed the entire experience.
They reached the park a few minutes later. Kathy had finished drinking her water a while ago and was starting to get some urgent messages from her bladder. She wasn't in trouble yet, but surely would be soon. As the girls got out of the car, Sharon was dismayed to see how populated the park was on a Saturday afternoon. Everyone seemed to acknowledge her drenched jeans with curious stares, even giggles. She wanted nothing more than to return to the car where no one would see her. However, Kathy ignored the attention they were getting from the other hikers and continued up the trail.
Sharon noticed that Kathy had started to walk uncomfortably as her bladder filled up more and more. After twenty minutes of walking, Kathy had started holding her crotch. This attracted even more attention from the other hikers who were undoubtedly intrigued by a visibly desperate woman accompanied with another who had already wet herself. The sound of running water in the distance made holding on even more of a challenge for Kathy. She started to squirt frequently as the girls approached the sound source.
Finally, they had reached the trail's end– a fenced platform facing a spectacular waterfall. Kathy quickly rushed Sharon over to a wooden bench, unable to wait a moment longer. She pushed her student onto the bench before climbing on top of her just as her poor bladder gave out. She soaked Sharon's body with her own waterfall as Sharon vigorously rubbed her professor's libido through the jean cloth. As Kathy finished peeing, Sharon felt the urge to empty her bladder once again and released her pee through her jeans onto the wooden planks below. Their waters dripped through the platform floor to become part of the river underneath. The hike was complete.
By: Full Bladder