It was a cool autumn day when 25 year old Melissa stood on her friend's doorstep, her long black hair blowing across her sexy eyes in the brisk breeze. Mel is the type of girl that has "the eyes." "The eyes" are the type of eyes that can give a super sexy look and get anyone to do anything. She fidgeted with her panties for a moment as they were riding into her crotch cause she liked to wear tight satin panties. These ones were blue with flower prints on them under her baby pink mini skirt. She made sure her tits looked nice and perky in her matching pink halter–top and knocked on the door. After she knocked on the door she realized pulling her panties out of her pussy made her horny and she shifted her legs.
Her 21–year–old friend Ashley opened up the door. Ashley was a blonde haired girl that had one of those faces that was extremely cute. Her blonde hair fell over down past her shoulders and white camisole, almost down to her fluffy pink short shorts. She smiled at her friend and allowed her in. Mel immediately felt hornier looking at her friend's ass in those shorts. Mel was very bisexual, but kept it secret from Ashley afraid it would ruin the friendship. Ashley sat on the couch to watch TV and Mel went into the kitchen to have a snack. Ashley sipped away on a can of soda and Mel quickly gulped down a soda herself and slipped into the bathroom, forgetting to lock the door.
She sat on the toilet seat and lifted her skirt up. She didn't have any intention on peeing; she just needed to please herself. She knew her pussy was wet enough and her skirt was short enough for Ashley to smell it if she didn't do anything about it, so she whipped her panties down to her ankles and started to rub her slit with her finger, digging her long fingernail into it. She moaned and shivered as she continued to rub it harder. She let 2 fingers slide inside her wet cunt and started to pump it slowly.
Now, something Melissa didn't realize was that Ashley is a complete lesbian and has been for years and Mel also didn't realize how loudly she was moaning. Ashley was now watching the bathroom door rather than the TV and giggled, walking closer to it and listening to Mel's moans. She had finished 2 sodas while Mel was in the bathroom and stood in front of the door with an empty can. She placed the empty can between her legs and pressed it tightly against her shorts, rubbing it against her pussy. She loved the feel of the fuzziness on her pussy, not wearing any panties underneath.
Meanwhile Melissa on the inside was now pumping harder, a lil sweaty, her eyes closed and leaning back against the toilet sitting on the floor with her legs spread and in the air, moaning louder than she realized. She was moaning so loud that she didn't hear the bathroom door open and Ashley was now standing there and giggled softly. She coughed loud to let her presence be known and Melissa jumped up and blushed hard.
"Ashley! What...Huh???" Mel screamed. Ashley giggled and walked up to her.
"Melissa...this is a BATHROOM!" Ashley taunted. "You're not supposed to be masturbating in here...don't you know what a bathroom's used for?"
Melissa grew even redder and Ashley lowered her shorts to her ankles, exposing her waxed pussy right in front of Melissa's face. Melissa gasped and Ashley sat on Mel's lap, putting her arms around her neck. Ashley now talked in a whisper, "This is what you're supposed to do in a bathroom." Melissa was still in shock from Ashley's actions when she felt a liquid on her skirt followed by a warm feeling. She heard a loud hissing sound and felt a warm stream hit her, starting at her leg and then blasting away on her hot pussy, followed by a warm puddle pooling around her ass. Melissa gasped as she finally realized what was happening.
"A..are you...are you p..PEEING on me??" Melissa asked.
Ashley smiled and said, "This is what you do in a bathroom." Melissa realized she enjoyed the feeling and started to rub Ashley's tits, making Ashley moan. After a good minute or 2 of full stream pissing on Mel, Ashley's flow turned into a trickle. They both looked down at Ashley's puddle of piss that Mel was sitting in.
Mel blushed hard and looked at Ashley, "T...that was..."
"Amazing?" Ashley finished and got off of Mel. "You're turn." Ashley helped Mel to her feet and then dropped down to her knees. Mel looked at Ashley puzzled and scared as Ashley spread Mel's legs and positioned herself between them, her own piss dripping off of Mel's skirt onto her face. Ashley looked up at Mel with her cute face and made a sexy puppy dog look.
"Well?" Ashley asked. Mel's knees were shaking as she held her pussy and started to slowly trickle on Ashley. Ashley giggled and asked, "What's wrong?"
"I...I'm scared," Mel admitted.
"Don't be," Ashley comforted and started to rub Mel's thighs. Ashley reached up to Mel's shaved pussy and gave it a gently kiss, feeling a bit of stubble against her face and giggled as it tickled. Ashley gave it another kiss, letting her tongue slide into Mel's lips. Mel moaned in great pleasure and her knees shook more.
"Ohhh, t..that feels sooo good," Mel admitted. Without warning Mel started a full stream of piss right into Ashley's mouth, splattering all over her face and hair, getting into her eyes even. Ashley gagged on it and bent over, Mel's piss getting all over Ashley's white camisole and dripping on the floor. After Ashley was done gagging she sat back up and let the stream of piss from Melissa's pussy hit her right on the tits. She squeezed them together tightly and let it puddle in her cleavage and licked it off. Mel blushed as she watched Ashley do this and Ashley smiled at her blushing, opening her mouth to swallow some of it coming out of her pussy. Mel finally stopped her stream and got on her knees next to Ashley.
"That was SICK!" Mel screamed.
Now it was Ashley's turn to blush, "I'm sorry, I get really kinky when I'm horny. I was outside listening to you masturbate and it just got me so turned on."
Melissa half smiled and said, "Well, it wasn't so bad...I was just shocked...now shut up and make me cum." Mel grabbed Ashley's head and shoved it tight against her pussy. Ashley instinctively shot out her tongue and licked Mel's slit hard, making her moan loudly and grip Ashley's hair. Ashley shoved her tongue into Mel and her whole body shook and her back arched.
"Ohhh God," Mel screamed, "here it comes!" Ashley gave it another rough lick and Ashley squirted watery cum all over Ashley's face, rocketing straight out of her hole. Ashley opened her mouth and tried to catch it, but Mel was just about done cumming by the time she tried.
Mel looked down at Ashley and said, "Oh, sorry, hun, forgot to tell you I'm a squirter." The two lay there in the huge puddle of piss and cuddled close while Mel's hand found her way to Ashley's wet cunt. Ashley smiled as Mel's fingers went right inside and started pumping her hard. Ashley gripped Mel's tits hard and Mel smiled as Ashley closed her eyes and sighed and Mel smiled feeling the extra wetness on her fingers as Ashley came. They then decided to go upstairs.
By: Amoeba