A Wet Week in Spain
	Note:  This story contains Bed Wetting, Deliberate Wetting, and Sex. 
By:  Ann Whetter

I woke up during the night and didn't know where I was. I knew it wasn't my own bed, and it was light enough to see that it wasn't even my own room. I knew that something had woken me up and I quickly realised that I needed a pee, perhaps that woke me. I moved my hand away from myself, to turn myself over, no point in getting up yet to go to the bathroom because this wasn't my room and I didn't know where it was. 'That's funny' I thought, 'the bed feels warm, and wet, oh oh, have I just wet myself'. I knew that I hadn't because I still badly needed to go. I stopped turning and moved my hand back to feel the bed closer to me. No that bit isn't wet, but the back of my hand brushed my jeans. Why was I wearing jeans in bed? And my bra? And why were the jeans wet? It was then that I noticed the hissing sound, it wasn't very loud, but I realised that it had been going on since I woke up. I turned my head and saw that my friend Julie was in bed next to me.

I then started to remember that I was in Ibiza, on holiday with my friends Julie, Dawn and Wendy. We had arrived yesterday morning and were having a good time despite getting two rooms with double beds instead of the two rooms with two single beds that we had booked.

"Are you awake Julie?" I whispered.

"Yes" she replied "Why?"

"Well" I hesitated before continuing, "I think that you may be wetting the bed. Oh, and I'm still wearing my jeans and they're wet. Did I wet myself when we were out yesterday evening? I can't remember getting back here."

"Yes and yes" Julie replied.

"What yes you are wetting the bed or yes I wet myself last night."

"Both" said Julie "Yes I am wetting the bed or I was, and yes you did wet yourself last night. We all did. After the amount we had to drink and then we couldn't find the toilets. It was you who said that if we didn't find somewhere soon you'd wet yourself and that it was all right for us, but you were the only one wearing jeans. That was your fault anyway, I did suggest dresses before we went out. Anyway, we all got the giggles at that and soon we were laughing so much that I did wet myself. This set everyone else off and we all got soaked. After we got back to the hotel we had a few more drinks and came to bed. You couldn't be bothered to undress and got straight in still wearing your wet jeans. I then naturally thought that like Dawn and myself you were into wetting yourself and would wet the bed as well."

"Do you mean that last night wasn't the first time for you and Dawn then?" I asked.

"Oh no. We often go out together and wet ourselves, then we go back to her place or mine and during the night wet the bed together as well. In fact we were going to share a room this time but thought that you and Wendy might enjoy it as well. So aren't you going to wet the bed then, it doesn't matter because it's wet already and it's a hotel bed. And before you ask, I did check and there is a mattress protector."

After that I didn't need any more persuading. I remembered that I had liked the feeling of wetting myself and walking around in wet jeans afterwards so anyone could see what I'd done, so I just relaxed and let my body take over. Julie was right, it did feel good and I went back to sleep. I woke again later that night wanting to pee, remembered where I was and that we'd already wet the bed, so I just let go and wet my jeans and the bed again.

The next morning when we woke up Julie asked if I had liked wetting myself and the bed. When I replied that I had, she said that she needed to go again and asked if I did. When I told her that of course I did, she asked if I was going to get up or wet the bed again. "Silly question", I told her and started to wet myself again.

"Goody" she replied "I hoped that you were going to say that, because although you said last night that you enjoyed wetting the bed, I wasn't sure if it was the drink talking." She paused, then went on, "Oh, you've started, well I'd better get going myself" and with that she started to wet the bed too.

By the time we'd finished the bed was sopping wet so we pushed back the covers and got up. I took off my wet jeans, gave them a rinse and hung them out to dry on the balcony. After a quick shower, we both put on clean dry knickers, t-shirts and miniskirts before going down for breakfast. Dawn and Wendy were already down there and had just started on large glasses of orange juice, so we collected the same for ourselves and joined them. Dawn and Julie quickly downed their orange juices and got up for re-fills. Whilst they were away Wendy whispered to me "Did you wet the bed as well?"

"Do you mean as well as my jeans or as well as you?" I answered with a grin. Wendy blushed and replied "Actually I meant as well as me." I nodded and agreed that I had.

"I thought that you might have, as you didn't seem bothered about wetting your jeans, and last night when she wet the bed, Dawn told me that she and Julie often do it together. I assumed that you had wet the bed, but I had to ask just to make sure. I must admit that after wetting my knickers last evening I didn't take much persuading to wet the bed during the night. And this morning when I woke up, well the bed was already wet so I just lay there and let go."

"So, are we going to wet the bed tonight?" I asked with a grin.

"Well" Wendy replied "I really enjoyed that delicious naughty feeling when I was wetting myself yesterday and as Dawn and Julie will, there's no point in us not doing it as well is there? And what about this evening? Are you going to wet your jeans again?"

"I expect that I'll wear a skirt, so no." I said "But there's no chance that we'll get back with dry knickers. -In which case we might as well start the day as we'll finish it."

"What do you mean?" asked Wendy.

"There's no point in keeping our knickers dry all day if we're going to wet them this evening. And it will save looking for a loo all day."

"What are you two looking so pleased about?" asked Julie as she and Dawn returned with 4 large orange juices and 4 big mugs of coffee.

"We've just agreed that, just like you two, we're not going to bother with going to the loo this holiday." I replied.

"Oh good." said Dawn "We rather hoped that you two would like wetting as much as we do."

"Excuse me please." said one of the waitresses as she appeared at our table, "Was last night an accident or will you be wetting your beds again tonight? If it was accidental" she continued "then we'll change the sheets, otherwise if you agree, we would like to just put the sheets out to dry and only change them every few days. You see as soon as we have finished doing the rooms we are free for the rest of the afternoon and this would save us a lot of time not having to do the laundry." 

"It's all right." she went on, "You're not the only ones. See the four girls about five tables along? They were here last year and they wet their beds every night. They wet their knickers as well. That couple over there," she said nodding her head over her shoulder, "they arrived an hour ago and they're on their honeymoon. She was here last year and wet her bed every night so he's in for a surprise tonight. And" she continued "all the girls who work here wet our knickers and most of us wet our beds." She stopped as she noticed our incredulous expressions.

"Oh, didn't you wet your beds last night" she said "I'm sorry but we can usually tell by the liquid breakfasts."

"It's all right" Julie assured her " we did wet our beds last night, but we were surprised that you knew so soon. It wasn't an accident and it will happen again every night" Julie continued. "But don't worry, we'll put our own sheets out to dry and make up the beds ourselves."

"That's very good of you." said the waitress "Do you do 'holding contests' as well?" she went on "Because there's a bar on the edge of town where they have one every Thursday. Most of the girls go there after work. Would you like to come?"

"That sounds like fun." Dawn said "Tell us more."

"It's very simple." said the waitress "To start with, every girl climbs up onto the tables so that the men can see their knickers. They are given some tissues, then when the whistle sounds they all drop their drawers, squat down and pee over the edge of the table. When they've finished they dry themselves with the tissues, pull up their pants and stand up. They are then given litre glasses of water which they start to drink on the next whistle. They are allowed 5 minutes to finish their glasses, a warning whistle sounds with 1 minute to go. After that they have to drink a litre of water every half hour, again in the 5 minutes. If anyone can't drink all the water they lose and so do the first girls to wet themselves. Obviously the last ones to wet their knickers win. Oh yes, everyone wets themselves eventually, which is the first objective of the evening, to wet your knickers in full public view. Now for the second objective, to get well and truly laid. The last third of the girls to wet themselves get to choose partners and whether they go bareback or use condoms. The first third of the girls to wet themselves get second choice of partners but have to go bareback, the others get what's left, but can choose if they use condoms or not. On the next whistle all the girls take off their knickers, and their tops if they want to, and lay down on the tables. On the final whistle all the men get stuck in. That's why Thursday nights are called WC evenings (that's Wetting and Copulating). After satisfying her partner if any girl wants more, all she has to do is put her hand up and any man who's free will come to her (if you'll pardon the pun) she doesn't even have to get up from the table. There are always more men than women at these events, and most of the men can manage more than once during the evening so every girl can have as much as she wants."

"We're fine with the wetting." said Wendy "Now that we've got started" she continued looking at me. "But I'm not on the pill, and I don't think that any of the others are." We all shook our heads in agreement.

"Well the risk of pregnancy could add to the thrill, but there is an escape clause, because the bar owners brother runs the chemists in the village and any girls going in there the following day and who wet their jeans for him get free 'morning after' pills."

"Oh there's the owner looking, I'd better get going. It's OK, I expect he'll give me a bonus if I tell him I've recruited you 4 for the WC evening, you will come won't you?" she pleaded.

"Try and keep us away" Dawn retorted.

"Great, the minibus leaves here at half past seven and it will bring you back here. Meet us in the bar at seven and we'll have a drink before we go. Oh and just so that you'll believe what I've said I've left a wee confirmation." said the waitress glancing at the floor as she left.

"She has too." said Julie who was sitting nearest "There's a puddle where she was standing and all my money is on it not being water."

"In that case we ought to respond to thank her for the invitation." said Dawn hitching up her skirt.

"And to confirm our intentions to join her." continued Julie hitching up her skirt too. "Well come on you two, you'll soon learn where you can responsibly wet yourselves. Here's OK we're outside on the terrace where everyone comes for drinks and meals in wet bathing costumes, so a little water won't hurt."

"Right" Wendy and I replied in unison, hitching up our skirts.
