I have been dating Sara for more than 2 years; I'm still very much in love with her and would do anything for her and she knows that.
Friday after work Sara and I had agreed to go drink some beers at our favorite bar. We found a distant table in the corner so that we could talk in privacy. After the third beer and a nice long conversation I had to excuse myself and go to the bathroom. Sara grabbed me by my arm and said, "wait I have something I wanna ask you" and I sat down again. "Nick I know it's an unusual request, but you know that I have told you before that I get so turned on when you're desperate for a pee and I want you to hold it until we get home, will you do that for me?" "Sara honey, you know I will do anything for you but these 3 beers have already gone right through me and I gotta pee badly already. I can't possibly wait until we get home. If you make an effort, I promise you it won't go unrewarded," she said. I knew what she meant by unrewarded– good sex. I loved having sex with her so I gave in and said "Okay, but let's get out of here and head home, after all it's an hour and a half trip to home." Outside waiting for the bus I could feel more pee rapidly filling my bladder and I knew that in a matter of 10 minutes I would be in desperate state. I told Sara that there would be no chance in hell that I could make it home without wetting myself; she said I'd better not wet myself; cuz all I would get was public humiliation and no sex for 2 months.
A bus with no seats available didn't exactly make my situation any easier and my urge to pee was definitely getting worse. We had only driven 5 minutes when I had to fight off a major pee spasm. I had to double over a couple of times and cross my legs to avoid leaking and was very tempted to give my cock a squeeze. I looked at Sara and could see she enjoyed every minute of it. Finally two seats became available but little did that help when another major spasm came. It was so intense that I had to grab my cock to prevent leaking. I was clenching my bladder hard, raising my bum, squirming uncontrollably and it was obvious to anyone that I had to pee badly. We got of the bus to change connections but had to wait 10 minutes for the next bus to arrive and it was 10 minutes of pure torture. I was pacing back and forth grabbing my cock all the time until the freaking bus came. Luckily there were no other passengers on the bus so I didn't have to hide my desperation.
"Oh God Sara, I can't hold it back much longer; I have to piss so bad."
"Try not to think about it, we will be home in less than 25 minutes."
"Sheez I can't hold it another 25 minutes, no matter how hard I try."
Just then another spasm hit me. I clamped down hard and then doubled over and a 3 second spurt wet my crotch. Sara noticed it.
"Oh my God, did you just wet yourself? Oh honey I'm so sorry I really thought you could hold on until we got home. I will let you pee in the bushes when we get off of the bus– just hold on. I really am sorry!"
"I gotta pee now Sara, I can't wait!"
I fidgeted and squirmed for all it was worth but I just couldn't control the spasms. Spurt after spurt wet my pants. Sara watched me trying to stop wetting myself. She told me later that the squirming, fidgeting and crotch grabbing made her so horny that she wanted to make love to me even though I wet my pants in the bus.
H2O