Mimi's Long Wait
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

It was very warm summer day. And that was why lovely Mimi was wearing a rather short, fairly tight skirt which showed off her long, sexy legs to great advantage as she stood at the bus stop, waiting for a ride back to her apartment.

But Mimi was getting concerned. She had foolishly postponed going to the washroom at the office as she rushed to complete her assignments before she left for the day. As she left the office the cleaners were washing the floor. so she decided she could wait until she got home. Now, she had missed the 6pm bus. and was going to have to wait for the 6:30. There was no mistaking the the familiar sensation in the lower part of her tummy - she was experiencing an increasing need to pee.

So she waited impatiently. She was halfway through waiting for the 6:30. The sensation of her bladder getting fuller and fuller was growing insidiously stronger minute by minute. It was not in itself an unpleasant sensation. Often when she was alone in her apartment and the need to go inserted itself into her awareness, she would wait and let the situation develop, then she would run to the bathroom and explode with relief.

In fact, on more than one occasion, at times when she was feeling particularly giddy, or raunchy, or horny, or just a little lightheaded from a glass of wine, or whatever an attractive young 22 year-old feels when her body starts to take over from her mind - she had stood in the kitchen, squeezed her legs together, taken a deep, deep breath, clasped her hands beteen her slender thighs, and started to wet her panties a little. She always had good control. being able to stop and start at will. So she would take a deep breath, hold it, and bending her cute knees a little more she would very carefully and slowly relax, feeling the warmth fill out into the front of her panties, and then the little trickles would zig zag down the insides of her oh-so-sensitive and slender thighs, splash around and tickle the backs of her cute knees and then splash around her ankles and over her petite feet onto the floor.

If she was really full, she could wet herself evr so slowly for well over a minute. And as her as her panties became absolutely soaked, she would sometimes,press the front of her short denim mini against her crotch and feel it gradually moisten warmly under her hands. Then she would bend her knees a little, squatting ever so slightly as she clasped her hands under, her small firm bottom, and feel her seat saturate and the flow run down the smooth backs of her thighs and calves. Then she straightened her legs and walk slowly, pressing her wet thighs together as she squelched her way to the bathroom for a long shower and clean up.

Another time, she did it sitting down, bending over as she clasped her hands under her thighs. But she didn't find it as satisfying as wetting herself standing. True, her seat became soggy and warm, and a sensual pool formed between her thighs, but it soaked away quickly into the towels she had spread on the seat, so when she stood up, there was hardly a trip to tease those sensitive thighs of hers.

Just then a naughty little thought bubbled up out of her subconscious 'Wouldn't it be wonderful to be held in an attractive guy's arms when I wet my panties?" But she dismissed the thought as being ridiculous, for she had been very strictly brought up.

Anyway "Back to reality" she thought glumly as the strongest cramp yet made her wince. "This is IT!" she thought to herself as she squeezed her shapely thighs together and bent her cute knees slightly. Grimly she held on, hardly daring even to breathe, one hand on her stomach, and the other clenched in a tight fist at her side, not daring to move a muscle in case she upset the very, very delicate balance between her body's desperate need, and her very well developed sense of decorum of what is proper for an attractive young woman to do, and more importantly what not to do, in public.

So, lovely Mimi held on. Each second seeming like an eternity, her entire psyche focused on combating her desperate urge. "Oh God" she said, half praying to herself - "I've never been so close to wetting my panties in public before!" She felt herself starting to shiver a little with the stress.

She decided she just had to let go a little, before she reached the point where she would lose all control and wet herself in a deluge of desperation.

"I wish" she whimpered softly to herself, her teeth clenched, "that I was only wearing panties! Then I could go and stand on that patch of grass over there and let go, just soaking my panties. My legs would dry of really quickly in this warm breeze - and if I stood really straight, and still, with my knees slightly bent, I would not wet my mini at all"

"But" she continued ruefully, "I'm wearing light colored pantyhose. I know it makes my legs look fabulous, but when I wet myself the streaks all down my legs will glisten darkly for a minute or so until they dry off, and everyone within yards will know that I have wet my pants ! Thank God I'm not wearing jeans !"

So, she very carefully raised one knee ever so slightly, but just enough to move the front of her denim mini away from her crotch, and moved the other leg back slightly, thinking as she did so - "I must be careful just to wet myself enough to relieve the pressure a bit, and not spill too much to make a noticeable flood." For a moment she wondered if she would be able to control herself - because she was so desperate. She took a deep breath, and held it. Very, very carefully she let herself relax, spreading her knees ever so slightly as she did so, and bending her waist just a little more.

For about 5 wonderful, heavenly, exotic seconds she wet her panties, starting off slowly the flow increased - then she sort of jerked her body in a spasm as if she had been startled by something, and stopped the flow. A tiny trickle tickled down the inside of her left leg. "So far, so good" she congratulated herself, quite proud of the fact that no damp patch was going to show in her crotch. "Thank God I didn't wear jeans" she thought again to herself. "If this had happened yesterday" (It had been a 'jean-day' at the office the day before) "I would be absolutely mortified!"

Mimi shifted her weight onto her other foot, and repeated her wetting for a little longer. This time she was a little bit too confident, and a stream of mischievious little drips ran down over the front of her knees before she could stop. "SHIT !" she said under her breath, "I wish I wasn't wearing those light skin colored pantyhose!" She knew the pantyhose made her fantastic legs look even more seductive, but she also knew that the little trickle would show up darkly for a minute or so until it dried off a little.

"Mimi, Mimi ! Are you OK?"

She opened her eyes at the sound of a familiar voice calling her name. Her colleague Gordon from the office had pulled up, across the street, his head out of his car window looking at her. "Oh Lordy!" Mimi thought to herself, "How long has he been there? He must have seen the whole thing!" She felt a lot more comfortable now - but she knew she had only bought herself a few, minutes of respite.

"Do you want a ride?" he called. "You look really tired" ("Dear, sweet, tactful, attractive! Gordon") Mimi thought to herself warmly as she called out to him "Sure, thanks", and she started to cross the road. She had no choice but to walk towards him, and she saw him look intently at her legs for a moment as she approached his car. She had liked Gordon, but it hadn't come to anything for she knew he was "getting over" his breakup with Michelle, who he had been dating for almost a year.

But Mimi had noticed his eyes glancing downwards towards her own legs whenever they met in the office, particularly when she was wearing one of her short skirts. She remembered, just after she had joined the Company, the time they passed in the hallway. She had glanced back over her shoulder and saw him walking, almost sideways, staring at her legs. She flashed him a quick, but friendly "Hi - I caught you!" smile, and he turned away, embarrassed. For the next few weeks he had avoided peeking at her legs when they met, and she regretted a little that she had teased him, for he was kind and gentle, and just a little shy around her.

Gordon opened the passenger door and she got in, delicately and surreptitiously pulling her quite short skirt down as she sat, so as not to show off "too" much thigh all at once, this early in the game. But she saw Gordon's eyes glancing downwards towards her as she leant forwards, raising her knees up a little as she squirmed seductively into her seat-belt. She glanced at her legs and was acutely aware of the dark streaks running down the front of her legs. They had begun to fade a little as they dried out in the warm air, but "Gordon must know I have already wet my panties !" she gulped to herself.

"Are you OK?" Gordon asked again as they pulled into the traffic, "I thought you looked a bit under the weather."

"My tummy is upset" Mimi said. She hesitated. It was now or maybe she would never come this close again, in a thousand years. "I thought - actually, I - I thought I was going to, well, wet-my-panties!" she gasped out hurriedly.

Gordon shifted in his seat. He seemed to have a problem with the lap section of his seat belt, for he tugged at it to loosen it.

"Seat belt too tight?" she half giggled at him. Immediately she regretted what she'd said. There she was, teasing him again! But he was so cute!

Gordon ignored her remark. "Michelle had a near miss like that one time. Seeing you standing at the bus stop reminded me of her - so I thought you could do with a ride! Will you be OK?"

Gordon glanced at her legs again, and Mimi snuggled down into the bucket car seat a little deeper, stretching out her legs so a little more slender thigh was visible.

"I think so" Mimi said slowly, "but I don't have much time." She clasped her hands between her knees, squeezing her legs together. "I'm sorry - this must be really embarrassing for you (?)" She sounded almost as if she was asking a question, as if hoping he would pick up her curiosity.

"No, it doesn't embarrass me" Gordon said kindly. "Like I told Michelle: 'If you have to go, just go!' But she got really angry at me, and didn't speak to me all the way back to her place. When we reached her apartment building she just opened the door and ran inside without even saying thanks!"

"Well" Mimi said, "I guess she was really desperate and didn't want to disgrace herself in front of you!" Mimi took a deep breath - now or never: "Do you think she made it?"

"Oh, I suppose so" Gordon said, then visibly sighed.

"Do I detect a little bit of disappointment?" Mimi asked teasingly - "I understand some guys like to see their girl in a mildly embarrassing situation!"

Gordon coughed into his hand - "Yeah, Michelle sensed that, and got really angry."

"That's understandable" Mimi continued, "some girls are more up-tight about body functions than I am! I mean, if you've really got to go - you've got to go! And I really have to go-o-oh!

"My place is closer than yours - we can stop off there, then I'll drive you home. We're only about 10 minutes away."

Mimi nodded. The pressure was beginning to build againThe lower part of her tummy felt like a volcano about to explode downwards. And it was painful, each bump of the ride hurt quite a bit. She began to clench and unclench her buttocks muscles, making her bob up and down as she sat up straight, clamping her hands over her tummy. She could feel herself starting to burst, and was very, very tempted to wet her self again - just a little. But she really had to hold on now - she was so close!

"Almost there" Gordon said as he pulled into his driveway, pressing the remote garage door opener and driving into the garage. They both undid their seatbelts. Gordon got out first, walked around the car and opened Mimi's door.

Mimi was sitting bolt upright, her eyes tightly closed. Once again she was on the tightrope, struggling to hold her beautiful body in balance. And she could feel herself starting to fall!

Mimi opened her eyes and looked up at him, blushing in spite of herself - or was she flushing from excitement? Gordon looked down at her upraised face. He thought he had never seen a girl as alluring as Mimi, her hands clasping her legs behind her cute knees, her long slender thighs tightly squeezed together, her long legs and sandal clad feet. Her flushed face framed by shoulder length fair, almost blond, hair.

"I can't move" she whispered, "as soon as I stand up I'll, I'll - - -"

Gordon didn't let her finish her sentence: "I'll help you" he said, leaning into the car and placing his hands under her arms. Gently he raised her up as she swung her legs out of the door.

"Oh, Oh Oh! !" she gasped as she clung to him, trying to stand up. She grimaced in pain, bending over as she twisted her legs together in a frenzy of activity as she buried her hands into her crotch. "Please hold me" she moaned, "I can't stand up - tummy cramps." she panted.

She stretched up, placing her arms around Gordon's neck. "Hold me up" she gasped. Gordon placed his hand under her arms to support her.

Mimi took a deep, deep gasping breath and almost screamed in desperation "Hold me"

Gordon clasped his hands around her thighs, and held her tightly. She clasped her hands around his neck, and squatted a little. He bent his face towards her as she raised her lips to his and they began to kiss. She gasped another deep breath and relaxed. Gordon pressed up hard against her. She squirmed around in Gordon's hands and relaxed, her slim body writhing a little as she made little whimpering noises through her nose, her moist mouth working tightly against Gordon's.

Mimi was in a delightful, exploding, bursting state of agony! She straightened her arms, arched her back, then flung herself forwards against him. . She took another deep breath, and gave a little sighing push, letting out a long, long keening moan from the back of her throat. She felt her panties begin warm over as she started to wet herself. Her body was in a rapture of relief as she felt her panties stretch a little, then sag down a bit between her thighs. The warm flow was coursing down all over and around her legs.

"Please stand for a moment" Gordon said, letting her go. He knelt down in front of her and began to caress her thighs just above her knees, as the streams splashed down her legs.

And make it last she did! She started to moan again, but now entirely in ecstasy as she squirmed around against Gordon's gentle caressing hands, her lithe body undulating gently as her let herself go entirely.

Gordon kissed her again - "Finished?" he asked, gently caressing the backs of her thighs.

"Almost" Mimi whispered happily, now able to stand. "One more push!"

Gordon gave her a great bear hug. "Just hold me tight" Mimi whispered, as she pushed again, saturating her panties one last time.

"Finished!" she grinned at Gordon.

"I guess we both need a shower." Gordon said quietly.

"Yes." Mimi whispered, smiling as she snuggled contentedly against his chest, his strong arms protecting her as if she were a baby bird in a nest. "Let's shower together".

