As you might know, I usually try not to show desperation when I am in that state. I don't know why, but letting others know I have to pee badly is just something that never came easy to me. I can't even let Chris, my long–standing significant other; know when I'm bursting. I try to act like nothing is wrong. There are times however, when desperation simply cannot be hidden. This story is about one of those times. Since this took place last weekend, the cat is out of the bag and Chris knows that holding a very full bladder, or better yet, watching him hold a very full bladder turns me on. He wasn't surprised!
Twice yearly we run a spiritual retreat in a rustic lodge in the woods. It is a beautiful place with a large kitchen, a sitting room with a nice fireplace, and rooms upstairs with dorm–style bunk beds. For all its quaintness, there is one little problem. There is only one bathroom, which consists of a sink, bowl, and shower. The bathroom is for both men and women. This is never a big problem since there are only about 10 of us there at a time. For me though, it became a problem last weekend.
Since Chris and I run the retreat, we are usually the first ones up in the morning, so there is never a line for the bathroom. I let him go first, and then I go long before the others arise. Last weekend however, I heard Chris get up, mumble something about us going downstairs to put on coffee for the guests, and that I should be getting up. I was exhausted and just couldn't comply. Chris told me he was going to shower and come back to wake me in 10 minutes. When he came back in, I still felt groggy and rolled back over. I was aware of the fact that I needed to use the bathroom, but I was more tired than desperate and chose to go back to sleep. Chris decided to show me some mercy. He said he'd go downstairs and put the coffee on and make sure the fire was started in the fireplace. He told me he'd be up to get me in a half hour. I was delighted with the thought of sleeping an extra 30 minutes, and fell into a deep sleep.
When Chris came back in to wake me up, I was aware of the guests stumbling about in the hallway. Chris had a cup of coffee in his hand and offered it to me as soon as I put my feet on the floor. I welcomed it. Surely coffee would wake me up! I drank the entire cup and slipped on my jeans. When we left our room there were three people in line waiting for the bathroom, shower, or both. I decided to go downstairs with Chris and get breakfast started. Some guests had already gathered in the sitting room, and by the look of their wet heads, I knew they had already used the shower. Chris and I began slicing bagels and arranging fruit on platters. It was 8AM and our seminar was due to start at 9:30. I poured myself a second cup of coffee, knowing full well that my bladder was very full. I wasn't bursting and didn't foresee a problem. I'd drink the coffee and head upstairs to the bathroom. After telling Chris that I was going to shower and that I'd be back in ten minutes, I headed upstairs. The same people were still on line waiting to get into the bathroom. It seemed that the lady who was showering was also putting on make–up and drying her hair. The three people in line ahead of me were complaining about the fact that they needed to pee badly. I joined in the conversation and after five minutes, I knocked on the door to tell the occupant to hurry up. "We all need to pee" I said, make it quick please! I ran into my room to get a towel for the shower and when I returned, there were only two people waiting. "Great" I thought, the line is moving. The person using the bathroom flushed the bowl and turned on the shower. The sound of water running made me have to pee even worse.
Chris called me from downstairs. The guest speakers had arrived and I had to have them sign a contract. I didn't want to lose my place on line, but I had no other choice. I went down stairs to speak to the speakers. Chris must have known that I hadn't been to the bathroom, because he said "next time you'll get up early with me". I sat down, crossed my legs tightly, and talked to the speakers about the seminar they were getting ready to present. They signed their contract and I gave them a check. They then went over to the kitchen for coffee and bagels. Chris was sitting next to me. I had to pee so bad I was afraid to get up. I had my peehole pressed tight against the chair and if I moved, I thought I'd pee my pants. Did you ever have to pee so bad that your whole body trembled? Well, that is the state I was in. Chris grabbed me by the hand and said "come on, let's get you upstairs". I held on for all I was worth, but couldn't walk fast. Chris must have known, because he walked slowly with me. When we reached the bathroom, there were 4 desperate people in line. The same two that I had left there, plus two more. I looked at Chris and whispered, "I don't think I can hold it in any longer". He took me by the arm and walked back into our room.
Chris thought I'd be more comfortable waiting in our room, than out on line with a bunch of people. Everyone had used the bathroom, except the four people who were still waiting. I'd be fifth, no matter if I were out there or in my room. I was holding it in with my hand by now, and Chris knew I didn't want people to see me like that. He tried talking to me to get my mind off my bladder, but I was bursting at the seams. Nothing I could do could take my mind off the fact that I was about to pee my pants. Remember, I never like to let Chris know I even have to go, let alone let him see me this desperate. I had no choice right now. I was bouncing up and down on the bed holding myself between the legs. Chris told me that I should take my pants off. He said just in case any came out, at least I wouldn't wet my pants. That was a good idea because I only had one pair of jeans with me. I couldn't take my hand from my pussy, so Chris unzipped my pants and pulled at them from the ankles. I uncrossed my legs for a second so that he could get them off. A small squirt escaped, but I quickly clamped it off. My underwear came off along with my jeans, and I was now sitting on the bed naked from the waist down and desperate too pee. Chris looked out the door and told me the same 4 people were still in line. Everyone was not only using the bathroom, but also showering and probably blow–drying their hair as well.
Chris started to kiss me and told me not to worry, and that I'd be okay. He told me that he was going to get my mind off my bladder for a while, and began to fondle my breasts. I was breathing heavy now, partly because I had to pee so badly, but partly because I was getting turned on. Chris took my hand from between my legs and placed his own hand hard against my peehole. As he did this, he also pinched my lips together and asked me if that made it any better. It did, actually. It took some of the pressure off my bladder muscle. Before long, Chris replaced his hand with his hard penis. It was pressing right up against my peehole and I thought I was going to scream with pleasure, and with pain. I didn't even realize that he had entered me. Somehow I orgasmed, but still managed to hold on to my pee. When we were done, he quickly placed his hand back against my peehole. He told me that the fact I was holding on so tight turned him on. He said it was like screwing a virgin and that it was very hard for him to enter me.
By now, I was scrunched up in a ball on the bed, my bladder ready to burst open. Chris looked out the door and told me there was only one person left in the line. She finally entered the bathroom and Chris and I walked out into the hallway. By now, Chris had to go again too. She was quick, thank goodness. We walked into the bathroom together and I sat down to pee. It felt so good. I must have peed for two minutes straight. After my relief, I went into the shower and heard Chris peeing. A few seconds later he was in the shower with me, ready for round two. I tightened my bladder muscles again, as best I could, and we made love.
That was a week ago. Neither of us has spoken about the experience, but I am sure he enjoyed it as much as I did. Who knows? I for one, hope this was the start of something good! I'll keep you posted.
MoonSpirit