Title: Caterpillar Blues

By: Sam

I picked up a Caterpillar D-7 crawler tractor (a 45,000 pound bulldozer) from an outfit near Reno Nevada to deliver it to a logging company in Grant's Pass Oregon. My intended route was to take Interstate 80 from Reno to Nevada City, then get on State Route 20 to Williams, where I'd pick up Interstate 5, to run north into Oregon to Grant's Pass. If you look at a map, this is not the most direct route, but I was "Oversize" with a twelve foot wide blade and had to have a permit and a pilot driver (a pilot driver drives a vehicle ahead of the oversized vehicle with lights and a large sign to warn oncoming traffic that a big load is coming through) and was thus restricted as to the routes from which I could choose. For a pilot driver I took along a young gal that worked for me.

As such, I was not going to entertain any prurient interest in her; never a good idea with co-workers in general, but when you're the boss, you're either asking for trouble or the slimiest jerk that ever crawled, picking on girls that work for you. I continue to choose, perhaps foolishly, to believe I am neither asking for trouble nor a slimy jerk. I chose Ann as my pilot driver because she was injured, busted wrist, happened at work, and not much use to anyone but fully able to drive. Two way radios in both trucks provide communication between us.

So we put the pilot truck on the flatbed trailer and hauled it to Reno where we spent the night. No big deal, no gambling or drinking or partying, just arrive late in the day, watch a little tv, go to bed early, get up early, beat on Ann's door until I figured out she was already up and gone. Met her in the parking lot warming up both trucks, having already unloaded hers from the trailer. Drive to the dealer where we were to pick up the D-7, get there right as he opened, load up and leave, stop for breakfast along the way. Ann loads up on coffee, fills her thermos at the restaurant.

I abstain, because I hate the stuff, but do some juice and milk with breakfast. Hit a snag getting through the "bug station" at the California border...dirt on the tracks of the dozer...could contain bugs or other parasites unwelcome in California. Spend an hour with a couple shovels knocking dirt off the machine until some other Agriculture Department guy comes by and pronounces us clean enough. Back in our trucks, and down the road.

Coming across 20, high in the valley, it's getting hot. Neither truck has functioning air conditioning, so we've got our windows rolled down, arms hanging out, it's not so bad. I'm sucking down copious amounts of water from a frozen two liter pop bottle; Ann's drinking her coffee. Stop in Colusa at a Burger King for lunch (large empty parking lot next door for the trucks...), linger in the chilly AC dining room, refilling our large sodas once during the meal, and again before we walk out into the blast furnace heat. I walk around the truck, check the load, it's all looking good, so we hit the road again. Easy money so far. Now.

By this point in the day, I had ingested well over a gallon of fluid...call it two pints at breakfast (large milk and orange juice, plus some ice water), two liters of ice melt, two thirty two ounce sodas in the restaurant, plus a third thirty two ouncer for the road, well, by the time I had sucked down the final soda, that was essentially six liters I had splashing in my belly. Totally true. It's six hours since my last visit to the pisser, where is it all? Am I some sort of super bladder? Not totally inconceivable, I guess, at six foot five inches, two hundred forty pounds, I guess I am gonna have pretty high fluid capacities. But how about Ann? Five foot eight (tall?), maybe one forty (slim, but not a toothpick of a girl), she's had damn near as much as me to drink, plus coffee.

Yet she hadn't even looked twice at the ladie's room in Colusa.

It sort of came on sudden for Ann, I guess. About forty miles outside of Colusa, she called on the radio. "Sam, I need to stop."

"What's up?"

"I just...have to pull over."

"Is everything okay?"

"I've got to pee!"

"Oh."

Now Ann's no dumbie, she knew without being told that if she stopped, I had to stop, so that meant she had to find a place suitable for a piss regarding privacy, plus room for a pickup truck and a sixty foot tractor semi combination, plus plenty wide for me to get the dozer blade well off the road, plus good visibility to the rear for when we pull back on the road, and she had to identify all this while travelling down a two lane highway in heavy traffic at sixty miles an hour.

As she spotted this gravel wayside or that, she'd call on the radio.

"How about up here?"

"Too narrow!" I'd respond.

"Over there?"

"Can't see behind to pull back on the road!"

I can hear her frustration on the radio. "Do you know of any place?"

"About five miles ahead, there's a good wide spot, plenty of clearance and visibility. Can you wait that long?"

"Well, if you see something running out on the road under me, it probably ain't gas!" she gasped. That was her last broadcast for a few minutes. I was getting kind of interested in the exchange, waiting for her to groan into the radio that a stop was no longer a requirement; she was doing it on the road!

Alas, no such broadcast seemed to be forthcoming. Directly a suitable stopping site came near, although there was no trees for privacy, and I warned Ann of its approach.

"Finally!" came her response.

We pulled into the gravel wayside, and in the dust cloud we stirred up I saw Ann's truck door fly open and she came running back to my truck on the passenger side, undoing her jeans as she ran. I caught just a glimpse of her bare butt as she squatted next to my truck out of sight of passing motorists...she had obviously planned this little move. If I'd wanted to, I could have seen her, but I chose the gentlemanly route. I did reach across the seat and throw a couple fast food napkins out the window. "Thank you!" came Ann's voice over the hum of the passing cars.

Directly Ann popped up on the passenger side of my truck,, smiling brightly. "Your turn," she said. I shrugged and got out, then noticed as she walked back to her truck her faded denim jeans (not very tight, but still a pleasing sight) had a prominently darker patch in the rear. Not clearly defined, as if she'd been gradually leaking into them over a period of time. I walked around to where she'd been. She'd left a puddle in the dry dust that had to be four feet in diameter, plus it ran way under my truck. I added to it a little, but didn't make it any bigger. I didn't really have to go very badly!

Which brings up the point. It went into me, all that fluid; how did it get out? Sweat! Drinking lots of water keeps you hydrated on warm days (about 110 degrees farenheit...) for the sweating you do. Logging, fighting fires, it's not uncommon for me to drink fully two gallons of water in an eight or twelve hour day, pissing only minimally. Given Ann's smaller size and different metabolism, she rode the same sweat wagon as I until the caffeine and shock of three large sodas filled her bladder nearly to bursting. But only nearly. Oh well!

