Title : Pam's Post-round
	Category : F desp Date : 17 Feb 1998 
By : Paul Tester

Pam was a very shy and retiring girl, with plain looks and taller than average build. When she was a student, she worked as a temporary Christmas postman. First she worked in the main sorting office then, when she was taking her morning coffee break, the supervisor told Pam that she would have to change to making deliveries. She was to work with Arthur, a taciturn middle aged postman who made no attempt to disguise his dislike of all youth, particularly students. Pam was not at all happy about working with him, but she had no choice.

Pam gulped down her mug of coffee put on her anorak and hurried to join Arthur, who was waiting impatiently with her delivery bag. She thought about using the toilet before leaving, but the loos were at the other end of the building and she was too shy to want Arthur to know she was going there. Besides, she had been just before her break, so she didn't actually need to go.

Pam and Arthur were taken to their delivery area, a residential area on the other side of town. Traffic was heavy, so it was more than half an hour before they started deliveries. It was a cold damp day, and even carrying a heavy postbag, Pam was feeling the cold. They had not been delivering for very long before Pam had a sudden urge to pee, which she tried to ignore. For the next 15 minutes the urge varied between quite sharp to almost non-existent, but gradually got worse. Soon, she constantly wanted to go, and she began to regret drinking a mug of coffee before starting. Being so shy, she dreaded having to tell Arthur she wanted to go, but she knew that as soon as they came to a public loo, she would have to use it. 

It wasn't long before Pam was really bursting to go, and she was constantly looking for a loo. They were delivering in an upper-class suburb, with detached houses and large front gardens, and there was not much chance of finding a public loo there. She steeled herself to hold on a bit longer, greatly regretting not taking the opportunity to go before she had set out. As they reached the end of the road, Arthur told her they would soon reach a cafe where they would stop for a tea-break. Pam was sure this would be her chance to go, as there was certain to be a loo in the cafe, even if she had to ask to use it. By now her bladder was bursting, and more than anything else, she wanted to relieve herself as soon as possible. The urgency of her need increased at the thought of being able to go soon, and Pam was having to make a conscious effort to contain herself.

The cafe turned out to be nothing more than a tea-stall in a lay-by off the main road they had reached. Pam hoped there would be a loo in the lay-by as well, but there was nothing except a couple of parked vans and a telephone box. Pam did not want to drink anything until her bladder had been emptied, but Arthur insisted on buying her a mug of tea, making a sarcastic comment about students being too mean to buy their own drinks. Pam tried to drink it slowly, hoping to leave some, but Arthur waited until she had finished it all before they left. Standing at the tea-stall with her legs squeezed tightly together had given Pam a chance to reduce some of the urgency in her need for the loo, but there was nothing she could do about the throbbing ache from her bladder. She felt terribly full, and it seemed as if her bladder was sticking out in front of her. 

Pam did not have a particularly big bladder, but because of her shyness, she had always been reluctant to ask for a loo when with other people, so she was quite used to holding on and suffering with a full bladder. However, this morning she was having to hold more than usual, and as they started on their round again, Pam wanted to go as badly as she ever had. She told herself that she just had to wait, and that there had to be a public loo somewhere on their round. Until then, she just had to hang on.

For the next 20 minutes or so, Pam's condition did not seem to change. Her bladder was aching for relief, and she was constantly wanting to go quite badly, but she felt fully capable of holding on for as long as she had to. Then the tea must have reached her bladder, and she her need to go began to increase. She found she was having to make a more conscious effort to squeeze her bladder shut, and she was wanting to go with increasing urgency. Whenever she had the chance, she would cross her legs tightly.

Soon she was deliberately stopping on every doorstep and crossing her legs as she delivered the letters. She hoped that Arthur had not noticed that she was dying for a loo, but her need was becoming so great that it was more important to ease it than to hide it from Arthur. They were now delivering down a long street, and Pam could see that there wasn't a loo there. She was going to have to hold on for ages yet, she told herself, clenching her bladder shut as she walked. 

By the end of the street, she was absolutely desperate. Her bladder was now throbbing, and felt as if it was bulging out several inches. Every step she took was giving it a jolt that hurt her even more. She had her bladder clenched tightly shut inside her, and she was telling herself that she had to lock her bladder shut until she got to a loo. As a biology student, Pam knew that bladders were flexible, and would expand to contain the liquid inside them. Her body was signaling to her that her bladder was stretched, but she had to ignore that and make it stretch more.

It was now after eleven o'clock, and Pam normally worked 7 to 12 in the mornings. She thought she could survive another hour if her need did not get any worse. However, it did continue to get worse quite quickly, and soon Pam was in agony. She desperately wanted to go, and she had to keep repeating to herself that she had to keep her bladder locked shut regardless of how badly she wanted to go. She was hoping that a loo would somehow appear and she would be able to relieve herself. The thought of having to hold on for very much longer was almost unbearable, but she knew she had to. If she couldn't find a loo, then she was going to have to wait somehow, it was as simple as that. Pam was not even thinking of either going in the street or wetting her knickers. She began to dream that the next house she delivered to would invite her in for a drink, so she would be able to use their loo, but nothing of the sort happened.

Fifteen minutes later, they had reached the end of the street and turned into another just as long . Pam was in such agony that she could hardly walk normally any more. Her bladder was swollen almost to bursting point, and the slightest jolt was like a kick in the stomach. She was more shuffling than walking now, trying not to hurt her bladder any more than she had to. The effort required to keep it locked shut was becoming almost unbearable, and Pam was coming to the point when she had to find a loo somehow, she just could not bear to have to wait much longer. The only thing she could think of was to ask at one of the houses she delivered to, but her shyness was keeping her from doing that.

She was still hoping that a miracle would happen and she would be invited in and offered a loo. Now, even crossing her legs was not doing much to ease the pain. Her bladder felt as if it was sticking out about six inches in front of her, and she kept holding it as she walked, partly to try to ease the pain, and partly to protect it from anything knocking against it. She was finding it difficult to concentrate on anything except keeping her bladder locked shut, and twice she thought she had delivered letters to the wrong house. The third time, she was sure she had done this, and suddenly realised that this was an excuse to knock on the door and ask for the letters back. Then, she thought, there would be a chance to ask to use the loo, as it was almost certain to be a house-wife answer, and Pam was less shy about asking a woman if she could use the loo.

Pam rang twice, standing with her legs knotted willing the door to be opened by some nice motherly figure, but there was no answer. In final desperation, Pam knocked and rang, but all this did was draw Arthur's attention to what she was doing. He asked her why she was knocking, and then told her not to bother if she had delivered the wrong letters. As long they were meant for a house near, the people would pass them on.

It seemed as if everything was conspiring against Pam to make her suffer extremes of agony with her bursting bladder. Somehow she survived two more streets, and the end of their round. Her bladder was hurting so much she wondered if she was doing herself some serious damage inside, and she was shaking with the effort of holding it back. She kept repeating to herself that she had to lock it shut, lock it shut, she could not possibly let anything leak out. Luckily, they did not have to wait long for their lift back to the depot, but the ride in the rough old van was more strain on Pam's bladder. There did not seem to be any way she could sit that would help her.

She wanted to twist her legs together to help keep her bladder shut, but doing this pulled her jeans tighter across her bladder, which she could now feel was actually bulging out. Eventually she settled for sitting partly sideways with her legs squeezed together and both hands protecting her bladder. She was shivering with the effort of containing herself, and was starting to wonder just how much longer she could bear the pain. Every bump in the road was more agony for her, and she began to fear that she would lose control and actually wet herself. She so wanted to give up and relax, and be able to let it go, but she summoned up some more will-power and managed to survive until they were back at the depot. 

Somehow she managed to hold on while she checked her bag in and signed off her deliveries. Now she was so close to a loo, she wanted to go absolutely frantically, and was right on the brink of wetting her knickers. It took every ounce of her will-power and strength to keep control and to walk more or less normally to the loos. Pam was so tensed up with the effort of holding it back she was walking like she was on stilts, shuffling with stiff legs, and speeding up as she neared the loo. Once through the door, she almost ran to the nearest cubicle. There was not going to be time to take off her anorak, and she was undoing her jeans before she was in the cubicle.

Her jeans and knickers came down together in a panic, and she pulled her anorak and sweater up as she sat down. Oh, the relief. Even before she touched the seat, she had let go and a stream of wee came pouring out. Pam was almost crying with relief as she let go, and the strain on her bladder was eased. Even though she felt as if her bladder was going to explode, she could not produce the pressure she wanted to, but just sat there with a steady stream pouring out, and seeming to go on for ever.

She thought she must have been going for five minutes when she finally finished, and even then her bladder still hurt as much as ever. She had been tensed up for so long that she found she was still shivering for ages after, and she had bladder ache all the afternoon. She dare not drink anything at lunch-time, and drained the last drop out before going out in the afternoon, so she survived that without any problem.

