High School is always the time you remember when you first began to explore your sexual inhibitions– and so it was– for us as well, a young woman who is now my closest confidant, and myself.
Bronwyn (name altered) and myself shared the same classes from third thru seventh period. We were very close and enjoyed all the things one gets up to at that age, dating, flirting, sports and in our case living dangerously – smoking in school uniform. If you were caught, you soon felt it.
By the time our senior year class group reached the seventh form, Bronwyn and myself shared a very close bond. We could confide in anything to each other even though by then all I wanted to do was to get her naked. I wasn't the only one who thought that, Bronwyn had grown into a phenomenally beautiful young woman and even some of the male teachers use to give her suspiciously longer attention times.
One day while I was enjoying a sly smoke with her she revealed a secret that she hid from everyone at school. I had always asked her out but she would always refuse. This time I finally pressured her to give a reason. "I can trust you not to tell anyone what I am about to show you?" she said. I told her "Bronwyn, you are the closest friend that I have in this dump of a school, what's the deal?"
She looked at me and said, "This is the reason why i keep saying no to you," and with that Bronwyn lifted the front of her short kilt up to reveal a well made pair of diaper briefs. "I wet myself without knowing it's going to happen, it's just really hard to control, these will be soaked by day's end."
It was quite a revelation and then it suddenly occurred to me that she wore the sexiest tightest smoothest horniest leotards to gym classes. It was the kind that were popular during the '90s, Lycra high–cut legs that had the G–String backside which pretty much left nothing to the imagination, especially when it came to the warm up routines. It was always fun to stare from the back of the class.
I asked her "how do you get by during gym class, you wear the sexist leotard in the whole school?" She said, "Thanks for that, I just have to go commando like the other girls and risk it, I've had to rush out the door on a few occasions but I've always hidden in the locker rooms until gym class finishes."
We finished our smokes as the bell rang and headed back to class, just then I remembered the warning given in the school bulletin that a purge on those who smoke while on school grounds or in uniform was under way, if caught, expect the worst. I reminded Bronwyn of this and she said, "I'll be careful."
If she took my advice I'll never know but a couple of days later I was in the gym with my class mates and while we were enjoying the show, I was watching Bronwyn with more attention since her little secret was told to me hence. She wore a light green tight fitting G–string backed bodice with darker green ankle length tights. (A rock hard sight to behold.) The head mistress showed up and stopped the girls in mid routine. She was not a happy woman. "These girls were seen smoking on school grounds or in uniform. "Ms. Hughes read out the list and Bronwyn's name was called. "Those whose names I have just called out take your shoes and socks off and report straight to the detention quadrangle now." Bronwyn sheepishly said, "Can we get changed first?" A resounding, "No! Now move it!" was the answer. Ms. Hughes then turned to me and said "Lex, escort these girls to make sure they don't get any ideas and run away, I've got to round up a couple more."
"Yes Ms. Hughes," I replied and promptly started walking the girls to the detention area. Bronwyn looked at me with a totally worried look on her face. I looked at her and said, "It'll be alright" Knowing full well what was going to most likely happen to her. "No it wont, I really need to pee," she said.
The detention yard had painted circles on the hard concrete and when Ms. Hughes showed up with the other two girls, she made them stand with legs apart with a foot in each circle and their hands placed behind their heads.
The all looked hot standing there, Bronwyn even more so. I managed to slide away out of view of the head mistress because I wasn't going to miss the show that was about to start.
After five or so minutes the girls started to get fidgety and I notice that Bronwyn was really uncomfortable, she could still see me and I gestured her to hold on. It didn't work. Bronwyn asked Ms. Hughes "Can I go to the loo please" "No and stand still." She pleaded, "Please Ms. Hughes, I really need to go." The head mistress snapped back with a final ultimatum "You may be eighteen but one more word out of you and you'll get your backside warmed up now stand still!"
I looked into Bronwyn's eyes and started to see tears welling up, and then the look of resignation wiped across her face. I momentarily looked between her legs and saw that she had lost the battle to contain herself.
At first she held it to a trickle as her honey colored pee leaked through her crotch gusset and began to snake down both the inner thighs of her leggings.
Some of the other girls began to notice it as well. The pressure was too much to bear and Bronwyn finally let go as a torrent of pee poured out between her legs soaking through her leotard and splashing all over the ground. I looked on– totally transfixed and barely heard Ms. Hughes explode in a rage.
"Stop it now," she screamed. "I can't!" Bronwyn, now crying, replied. She had now doubled up and was squatting down in her puddle. All the other girls by now had moved away from Bronwyn in total shock and probably disgust.
Eventually the torrent became a trickle again and then stopped. Bronwyn stayed in that position, tears falling from her face as Ms. Hughes told the other girls to go into the detention room and wait. It was then that Ms. Hughes noticed me "Why are you still here" she barked. "Great! Wait here with this filthy girl while I get her form teacher." She disappeared and I looked at Bronwyn. "Get up, get up" I pleaded with her, "we can do a runner." "I can't, I'm too embarrassed!" It was too late, the head mistress returned with Mr. Parker, our form teacher. In his hand he was holding the dreaded strap! It was more like a large leather paddle, about two foot long and eight inches wide, it had a handle for extra control, and it spoke of only one word – pain.
I'd never seen a strapping take place before and I was nervous just standing there. Mr. Parker snapped at Bronwyn, "Get up now! First you are caught smoking and now you do this? I'd expect this from a ten year old, not an eighteen year old!" "I'm sorry sir, I tried to tell Ms. Hughes, but she wouldn't listen to me." Expecting sympathy, Bronwyn instead got apathy. "Why should she? You were in the wrong in the first place, fancy a near grown woman like you wetting yourself." He then asked Ms. Hughes to bring the other girls out to witness what was about to happen.
When they had all lined up along the back wall he turned to Bronwyn as he said, "For smoking and breaking the school rules you will receive two swats, for disobeying Ms. Hughes, another two swats and for totally humiliating yourself yet another two swats." Six swats in total. Bronwyn burst into tears and pleaded "Please Mr. Parker, I'm sorry." By now I felt really sorry for her, yet I ghoulishly wanted to see the infliction take place. Mr. Parker had had enough, "Bend over and grab your ankles, do it, now!"
She did, leaving her wet leotard covered buttocks prone. Mr. Parker didn't waste time; he swung the strap back and then brought the first blow down hard across Bronwyn's backside with a sickening loud slap. "Ahhiee," she cried out and barely finished when the second landed, "aawww," and then the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth. "Stay bent over and don't move." He turned to the other girls, " I hope you now realize that this school means what it says when the rules are broken. You can all go back to class, let this be punishment enough for you." They left the courtyard, some in tears, and the others in total shock.
"Right young lady, stand up, and face Ms. Hughes and apologize." A painfully broken–voiced Bronwyn replied, "I'm sorry."
"Good, now get out of my sight and clean yourself up. Lex, help her back to the gym."
I walked with her back to the now empty gym and lead her to the girls' changing rooms. "Could you help me?" she asked, "there's nobody in here."
"Okay," I said and helped her into the shower. She suddenly leaned against the wall and said, "here we go again," as another river of golden pee poured out of her leotard. She turned the tap on and was now soaking herself through her leotard watching the golden river slowly turning clear. She then asked me to help pull down her soaking wet leotard, as she couldn't bend over because her butt was hurting really bad. I obliged and finally got to see her naked. A goddess's body– marred only by the angry red slaps marks that covered her aching bottom. She turned to me and said, "Are you getting in?" It didn't take long for me to strip and I held her carefully as unleashed inhibitions took their course.
After, we walked home, not bothering to finish the school day. I had placed the wet leotard in my bag and hung it out when I got home. My father looked at me with a puzzled look on his face. I told him, "They're Bronwyn's and don't ask why."
Facing up to school the next few days was hard for Bronwyn but I stood by her, having to land a few good punches into a couple of laughing faces, but I was satisfied that this beautiful woman was now mine.
By: Lexjc