There was no doubt in the collective minds of any of Kristi's family. The tall blonde eighteen year old could pee. Not pee in the conventional average normal definition of the word. No, her urinations could easily take on superhuman characteristics in the early morning hours of dawn. The incessant endless splattering of her urine acted as an alarm clock for her two sisters and her mother still in their beds. Her characteristic interval pee–pause, pee and pause would drone on and on, until at last the very unrelenting unceasing nature of it would finally rouse the other three who would file into the bathroom shaking their heads.
As Kristi blossomed into young womanhood, puberty seemed to of had the serendipitous effect of stretching and enlarging her already enormous bladder by several orders of magnitude. To those intimately close, everyone had a favorite Kristi "pee" story; the time she shocked the lavatory attendant and the time she out–peed a succession of flabbergasted women. True, she laughed it off and went along with the jokes her family dished out, but inside her rather unique ability began to prey and worry her. Worry her for a strange new set of reasons she could barely articulate.
Tomorrow, she started as a senior transfer student in a brand new high school with a thousand new faces. Irrational, wild, pee–shy thoughts raced through her mind. Hypothetical situations. What if she really had to take a pee and had to use the girl's restroom. How would the other girls react to her peeing and peeing, liter on top of liter? What would they say? Going for minutes on end, when would she have enough time? In the darkness of her bedroom, Kristi tried to dismiss the fears and qualms as silly and stupid. Since when did a person's peeing ability ever become a psychosexual focal point? Drifting off to sleep, she briefly thought about a male counterpart, and pondered the question of teenage boys' peeing ability. Was there some guy anatomically endowed like herself? She smiled at the fantasy of a handsome, well–endowed jock type standing at a urinal with a long penis hanging out, just peeing forever and ever while dozens of guys at adjacent stalls came and went. The fantasy sent an odd shiver of excitement coursing through her body.
Chapter Two– Kristi's Awakening
Week one passed without incident. She simply waited until after school to pee, her giant bladder easily holding a daylong supply of urine until she reached home. The same thing happened with week two. Perhaps she could conceivably pass the entire school year without using the facilities. Nobody would ever know the strange little secret of Kristi Anderson's body. "I need two volunteers for an after school project. How about you Kristi, our new classmate? Want to help Eric out with printing these school newsletters for us?" Kristi looked over to the guy sitting two rows over. She had noticed him since her first day of class. Every girl had since he was a star athlete and since his normal attire was a pair of jeans that did little to hide his considerable appendage. As he took his seat in the class, every female would take a fleeting glance at the snake–like bulge down the inside of the blue denim. Probably a jock–with–attitude, Kristi thought. Still? "O.K. Miss Smith. I'll help out if you need me." As the bell sounded at three o'clock, the students filed out of Larchmont High and quickly dispersed into the nearby neighborhood, leaving the campus with an eerie scholastic ghost town feel. Kristi's steps echoed in the empty hallway as she made her way into the small office in the rear of the building where the school newspaper was printed. She still hadn't had the opportunity or the courage to use the facilities, and her bladder was starting to feel the accumulation from her very healthy kidneys. All that bottled water she drank didn't help matters. "Hi Kristi," chirped Miss Smith. " You and Eric have all this to do on your own. Sorry, but I have an administration meeting to go to. Just lock up when you are finished." And with that the instructor left the two with the dubious and less than rewarding job of last minute compilation. Material so drab and innocuous it could only be fit for a student newspaper. An hour passed. Boring except for the fact the two started to get along. Kristi's striking tall blonde looks were not lost on the usually indifferent Eric, and his charisma captivated her. "Hey, " said the disgusted athlete. "Do you want to go with this Norbert Wins Science Project or with Holly and her cello?" Without waiting for a reply, he shook his head. "Man, do I have to take a pee. Sorry." The sudden change of subject on to one so personally sensitive for Kristi brought on an involuntary minor gasp, nearly inaudible, which she hoped he didn't notice. The suggestion caused her bladder to throb along in protest. "So do I, but we have to get this job done," she insisted. The two worked in silence for a few more minutes. "Geez, I can't concentrate. It's really strange 'cause I never have to go. I'm one of those that can just hold it forever, then..." his sentence trailed off. Kristi nudged him and smiled. "Yes. Go on. You were saying?" "Then, you know. Then when I do pee..." he shook his head, "I set records." She could scarcely believe what she was hearing. A strange mixture of excitement and need came over her, and yet, because she was a woman, an odd sense of control took over. "Look, I have to pee as badly as you and I'm not complaining. We're almost done, and the nearest restrooms are clear across campus." "I don't know if I can last. I'll try." He was clearly desperate. Kristi suddenly spied a large empty metal trashcan next to an adjacent file cabinet. With a giggle and a toss of her hair she motioned to the container. "Eric, if you really have to go, why don't you use that? Then, biting her lower lip she added, "or do you need something larger?" "Are you kidding? I will. But if I do it then you will too." A newly found bravery overwhelmed her. Tempered with caution. "Lock the door." "Alright. Deal. But if someone passes by the room, we have to make it look like business as normal. Why don't you take the trashcan behind the desk with you? Men can pee while they sit, can't they?" She let out a second giggle. She could not believe she was capable of this impish behavior. Sitting behind a large executive type desk, he lowered his jeans and took an awkward legs apart posture at the edge of the chair, while a few yards away Kristi sorted papers and worked the printer as the school news rag popped out. She forced a casual atmosphere while deliberately keeping her back to him. Moments passed. Then more. "Hmm, I don't hear anything. Is everything working O.K.?" Taunting; feminine and teasing in nature. That was just the sympathetic impetus needed to initiate his flow. Within the small confines of the room the air became filled with a cacophony of metallic hiss like rain on a gutter. His urine gushed out steadily into the container between his loins, a flow that continued and continued. At the table, Kristi fought the urge to glance up at the clock on the wall with the sweep second hand. He peed on. "These newspaper printouts don't look too bad. Want to read one while you pee?" Held captive by his bladder, he again needlessly apologized as she turned around and handed him a paper. "Sorry, but I told you when I pee I really pee." He cut off the flow. "Don't be silly. Besides, you haven't been going for that long. Call it a good start on a good pee."
Her attitude, reaction and comment both surprised and excited him for reasons unknown. His chums had always known him as Eric– the horse pisser with the horse cock. As he resumed his stream, the metallic drumming was slowly replaced with a splashing sound as the container started to fill. This while simultaneously on the opposite end of the room Kristi's mind secretly went over all the men she had ever heard pee. Her father was a little squirt. Uncle Bob could take a pretty good pee, but no. At a rest stop once she had heard a man on the other side of the wall almost keep up with herself– but that was several years ago and she really didn't have to go. No, this handsome stud was clearly in first place among male pissers. She turned away and closed her eyes as she tried to visualize the unmentionable; what did it look like? Long, very long. Pale with a large flanged pink head and perhaps some bluish veins running along its great length. With a stream pouring out, of course. She felt her legs grow weak and her bladder throb. One could not overstate the contradiction of emotion in that room, as one peed and the other one walked about seeming to ignore and shrug off the impressive urinary performance of the other. Two minutes later his stream tapered off to a finale. "Whew. At last! That sure felt good. God, how long did I pee?" He inquired half wanting to know.
The Final Chapter–Kristi's Triumph
"Oh Lord. You men are so egotistical and vain. I mean it was a good pee but I wouldn't call it any record breaker. Of course I don't know you well and I take back what I just said if that was just a routine pee for you. Now if you'll please be a gentleman it's my turn, and be patient because I believe this may take a while." The two exchanged places, and as Kristi sat down behind the desk she let out an involuntary gasp as she viewed the level of pee inside the waste container. Despite the forced nonchalance on her part, it was clear he had a more than impressive bladder having filled the can over a quarter full. His output would have to have been several liters at the least. But now it was her turn. She slipped the dark Nike warm up pants and white panties down to her socks, exposing her quite shaggy golden blonde curls and puffy labia with red– pink bubble gum–like minora hanging way out partially hidden by all the hair. She paused a second to separate the lips, a deft parting of her butterfly wings. What followed was a spray–stream interval of twenty seconds, a quick pause, followed by another repetition, and another, a pee style in stark contrast to that of her predecessor. "You are so right. This feels so good!" Eric, in a state of total confusion, stood at rigid attention looking out the opaque office window. The sound of her pee just filled the room and he fought to keep his penis flaccid. "Would you please try to relax? You didn't see me acting weird when you peed. Why don't you finish stapling those pages together? You can place two of the piles on this desk and two of them on the counter by the printer." Her work assignment temporarily distracted him. The usually confident jock held his head low and furiously staple gunned papers together, while so close but out of visual range, Kristi peed...and peed the contents of her enormous female bladder, adding to the level of the trashcan. Though it was felt by both, the heretofore unmentioned fact was the she was peeing away with an ease, an unwavering persistence that was an anatomic marvel to behold. Above his head the sweep second hand of the wall clock went around and around. Dare he say something lest he be labeled a perverted male? Only, he thought, if the opportunity presented itself.
"Hand me another staple gun. I guess I can finish these two piles while I'm peeing. Girls have to do something to while away the time while we pee." Eric was almost unfamiliar with the urination habits of the female "species" but he often wondered why they spent so long in the restroom. Was it in fact because they were peeing all that time? Again he felt a surge in his loins when he saw the tall stack of attachments and made some subconscious mental calculations. "O.K. here you go, but there are a lot of papers." Kristi flashed a thousand watt smile and almost cooed, "Well, as I said before. This may take awhile." Suddenly out of his control, an erection grew along his left inseam he was helpless to conceal. This hottie was driving him crazy; crazy with her incredible peeing. And yet, through it all he tried to maintain some guise of social dating decorum his good upbringing had taught him. Thus the sounds of staples intermingled with the splashing sounds of pee in a pail, punctuated only by the brief, three to five second pauses as Kristi's muscles ran through their little unique cycle. Her peeing style always deluded people into believing she was finished, and only added to the additional shock of her listeners when her stream would burst forth for the umpteenth time in full strength and glory. "May I please, please say something and not be called a sleazoid? I know I can't look, but every time you stop peeing I think you're done, except you're not. There's always more. And...well...er... how do I say it and not be called a pervert?" Just then Kristi stopped her flow with a full ten second pause, followed subsequently by a powerful steady resumption. "You mean like that? That's just the way I pee." "So how much can you pee?" He said it like a babbling immature youngster making a new revelation. She gave still another knowing kilowatt smile followed up with a demur laugh. All pee–shyness had left her. She was now a young woman in complete control. "Well, my dear Eric. That is something in which you will have to find out. Come here and watch if you'd like" Not to protract the events of that afternoon any more than they already were, but that was the day Eric discovered that all female bladders were definitely not created equal. Without shame he openly stared at her well–developed womanhood, the dense gold matting of fur and the large reddish lips and clitoral hood protruding outward. Above all, he was captivated by the pee; which surged at times like a unified stream, other times like a spray. Nobody could pee like her, not himself and five of his best buddies on beer. An eternity later the last drops fell into the trashcan, and together the two viewed the summation of their bladders efforts. "About two–thirds full, wouldn't you say? I guess that's enough peeing...for now," Kristi replied drying herself off with a tissue and deftly storing her hair and large labia into the small confines of the white panties.
Epilogue– That year, all the female students agreed. Never had they seen a prized jock like Eric fall for a girl so fast. 
Authors note: This is a tale of fantasy, innocent sexual discovery and contains the element of exhibition.
Heather