Time Turner (Part 5)
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on October 11th, 2010 at 11:38AM

Dr. Liu had invented a time machine and it would probably win her the Nobel Prize. She’d just given a presentation about it in front of hundreds of scientists from fields as diverse as particle physics and non-Euclidian mathematics. She’d had to pee desperately all through the presentation. She’d gotten through it, but had actually wet herself trying to get to the ladies’ room afterwards. One might theorize that with a time machine she could go back and do things differently, changing the outcome—but her Time Turner had a range of only about ten minutes. Dr. Liu had relived those Hellish ten minutes four times already, and was definitely looking at going back for at least a fifth.

This time she’d found her way to a shopping concourse adjoining the conference center, but the restrooms here were locked once the shops had closed, and when the security guard didn’t have the keys for them, she squatted and pissed on the floor.

“Turn around!” she ordered. “Face the wall!”

“Ok,” he said meekly.

“Where’s the next nearest restroom? Not counting the lobby; that one’s mobbed.” She was using the no-nonsense, don’t-give-me-any-crap voice that she sometimes used to intimidate colleagues. The cavernous mall echoed with the sound of her piss as it frothed in the spreading puddle.

The guard turned his back and placed his hands on the wall, almost as if he expected to be frisked. “Pardon me for asking,” he said timidly, “but isn’t it a little late for that?”

“Hypothetically,” she barked, “if I’d looked in a different direction, where else could I have found a toilet?” She had the Time Turner powered up in her hand.

“Probably the basement level.”

“What’s the quickest way there from the mezzanine?”

“Take the elevator down to the bottom level. But…”

“Thank you.” Liu’s flow was finally tapering off. Her crotch and inner thighs were soaked from when she’d started to piss into her hand as she’d gripped herself, but they wouldn’t stay that way. She checked her watch one last time. 8:52.

“Can I turn around now?” the guard asked.

“Sure.” She pressed ACTIVATE and the whole scene around her stretched and flowed like ink in moving water. Her own body felt like it were being stretched and folded like taffy, and then she was standing up, back in the conference hall. The shock of her bladder suddenly stretched to bursting again was becoming familiar by now but she still very nearly lost a spurt as her consciousness stabilized in her body earlier in the time stream.

Where was she? This wasn’t her research team standing in front of her. She blinked. Oh, it’s him. Interrogating the security guard had taken a couple of minutes, and she’d landed a little later in the time stream than last time. “Wiggins!” she said.

“Yes?”

Wiggins, from high energy particle physics, was standing in front of her. He’d be asking her about that grant proposal. The doors out to the mezzanine must be right behind her now.

“CERN,” she said. “Go with CERN. Not FermiLab.”

“Yes.” Wiggins looked slightly puzzled. “You said that.”

“Good!” she said. “I’ll email you tonight.”

“OK.” He studied her face. “Was there anything else?”

“No,” she said, and pushed off from him, propelling herself away as she turned toward the doors.

Out in the mezzanine, she stopped and crossed her legs, clamping down on her bladder and trying to shake off the disorientation. Basement level, the guard had said. Take the elevators. She hurried over to them and pressed the down arrow button.

*ping!*

The doors hissed open for the elevator she’d taken by mistake the first time—the express to floors twenty and above. She watched as green UP symbol over the doors lit up and the doors slid closed.

Liu hopped from foot to foot waiting. How many times am I going to have to do this? She wondered. Please please please let this be the last time. Two men came and stood near her, also waiting for the elevator. Then a woman joined them. Liu paced, trying to be discrete.

Finally one of the red DOWN arrows lit up and there was another *ping*. As they stepped in, a man pressed the L button for the lobby. Liu reached across and pressed B just below it. She stood still, muscles clenched, looking at the ceiling while the doors closed and the elevator descended one level to the lobby. They opened with a whoosh and the elevator emptied around her. A woman standing just outside looked at Liu and asked, “Going up?”

Liu shook her head and said, “Down.” The woman stepped back and the doors closed again.

Liu gripped her crotch and crossed her legs as soon as she was alone. The elevator took less than half a minute to get to the basement level, but it felt like an eternity. Finally it came to a stop and she rushed up to the doors, but it was another heartbeat before they slid open.

She stepped out into semi-darkness. The hallway was narrow, the floor bare concrete, the walls cinderblock, and the ceiling was festooned with a network of pipes, wires, and ductwork. Bare light bulbs every fifty feet or so cast pools of light onto the floor at intervals. As the elevator doors closed behind her, she heard voices. At least one man and one woman, maybe more. She could almost make out a word here and there, but they seemed to be speaking a foreign language—not any of the half-dozen or so languages she’d grown up surrounded by in Hong Kong.

The hallway stretched off ahead and to the right. The voices seemed louder ahead so she turned and hurried to the right. She walked with a mincing gait again, legs close together, thighs rubbing with each step. She passed heavy metal doors with labels like BOILER ROOM and HIGH VOLTAGE and NO ADMITTANCE. Several others were simply unmarked. She tried a few of them; all seemed to be locked. She hopped and skipped a little, fist in her crotch as she continued down the passageway.

She turned a corner to a wider hallway with dozens of folded tables leaning against the wall and several carts filled with what looked like hundreds of folding chairs. She wondered about grabbing the cart at the end and pulling a foot or two to one side, making a space she could back into and squat. No, she might get away with it, but the whole basement would reek of stale piss by morning if she did that.

On the other hand, in a place like this it didn’t seem at all inconceivable that she’d find a drain in the floor somewhere. That would work…if she found one quick enough. Her watch said it was 8:44. She should have another four minutes, give or take a little for random variables.

There were those voices again. She’d left them behind, but now they sounded like they were ahead of her. She rounded another corner and saw that clearly this hallway was one big loop. There ahead of her were the people she’d been hearing—a janitorial crew, a man and a woman, each with string mops and big yellow buckets on wheels. Liu hurried down the hallway towards them, reading each door she passed: STORAGE, ACCESS TO STEAM TUNNELS, DANGER, EMPLOYEES ONLY.

The man with the mop looked up at her as she neared him. “?Es perdido?” he asked.

She stared at him, feeling a little panicked. “I’m sorry. I’m looking for a bathroom.”

“Yo no hablo ingles.”

Ingles. Did that mean English? No English? Terrific. She tried again. “Um…ladies’ room?”

Both of them had stopped to look at her now. The man shrugged but continued looking at her expectantly.

“I have to pee. Urinate. Piss. Make water. Go to the bathroom.” She shifted her weight from foot to foot. She was trying to stand still as she talked to them, but her bladder was past its limit and the muscles around her urethra were starting to quiver.

“?Necesita el cuarto de bano?”

“I’m sorry, I don’t understand you.” Her face and voice were anguished, and she let herself squirm more visibly.

“El cuarto de bano tiene razon detras de usted. El signo dice ‘employees only’ pero usted lo puede utilizar.” He pointed back down the way she’d come.

She looked back, then looked at him again. This was absurd. She heard the words ‘employees only,’ but for all she knew this guy was giving her directions to a nearby toilet. “I can’t hold it,” she pleaded. “I’m about to wet myself. I really have to go.”

The woman stepped forward now. “Si, el cuarto de bano.” Whatever that meant.

The man went back to mopping. The woman took Dr. Liu by the elbow and pointed to the door sign that said EMPLOYEES ONLY. Liu looked at it and felt her crotch suddenly damp and hot. “Tiene razon aqui,” the woman continued. Her demeanor was sympathetic, even encouraging, but what was she saying?

“Please,” begged Dr. Liu, “I’m about to piss myself.” She crossed her legs and bobbed up and down in a way that she felt had to be totally obvious. “You have to show me where there’s a bathroom!”

“Si. Cuarto de bano.” The woman was getting frustrated now.

From behind her, she heard the man’s mop splash into his bucket. Liu clenched down with all of her strength, but lost enough pee to feel it wick down between her thighs. She keened in frustration.

“Puede!” said the woman. She gestured at the sign again.

The man waved dismissively and said, “Es demasiado estupida comprenderle.” Liu heard his mop hit the floor with a wet sploot and then slosh back and forth.

And then she simply stood, helpless, completely overpowered from within, and she just peed. Right where she stood. Yet again. The front of her dress was immediately sodden and pee started to drip to the floor from all along the hem. Her pantyhose were soaked from crotch to ankles and she felt warm liquid trickling into one of her shoes, spreading under her instep, pooling around her toes. The woman janitor stepped back quickly, avoiding the flood.

The floor wasn’t perfectly level so instead of puddling around her, the pee snaked away from her. She watched as it meandered towards the other janitor, branching and then branching again like a river delta. No point in trying to slow it down any more; she relaxed and the merry tinkle of rain became the roar of a waterfall. She reached into her purse and powered up the Time Turner. Again.

“Mierda,” said the man, shaking his head. “Ahora tengo que fregar el piso otra vez.” He dipped his mop back into the bucket.

The woman asked, “?Por que no abrio usted la puerta al cuarto de bano y entra?” From the tone of her voice, it sounded like the question was rhetorical.

Still pissing like a check valve, Dr. Liu shrugged and shook her head to indicate I have no idea what you’re saying, and then went back to studying the flow patterns across the floor. She was starting to lose count of how many times she’d wet herself. What was this? Four? Five? She pulled the Time Turner out of her purse. The indicator said ready.

The flow of pee trickled to a stop. The woman janitor had taken up her own mop again and was sopping up the edges of the puddle. She motioned at Liu. “Mueva por favor.” Liu stepped out of her way, though she her dress was still dripping and her shoes, squishing with each step, left wet footprints.

“You don’t have to do that,” she said.

“?Que?”

Liu pressed ACTIVATE and the whole scene around her stretched and flowed like ink in moving water.

