I'm not quite sure why I'm telling you this story; I guess if someone enjoys it I'll feel a bit happier about what happened.
So here goes....
I'm Katy, I live in Cornwall, I'm about five and a half feet tall with shoulder length dark hair, and people often say I look a bit like Posh Spice.
I turned 19 a couple of weeks ago and as an extra special treat for my birthday my mum took me to New York on a shopping spree (I'm so spoilt!!)
On the morning of the trip I had a couple of coffees and a bowl of cornflakes with lots of milk –yum!
We set off in good time to get to Heathrow, I was sipping my water bottle as we made our way up the M4 when suddenly near the Chippenham junction the traffic ground to a halt, it looked like there was an accident ahead, we were crawling along and I needed a wee.
"Mum can we stop at the services, I need the loo?" "No problem Katy the next services are at Membury, its only about 30 miles away."
Well, it took nearly an hour to get to those services. "Katy it's another hour till Heathrow, if we stop we might miss check in" "Oh okay mum I can wait"
We finally made it to Heathrow but by the time we got a parking space we had to dash to make check in, we did with about 5 minutes to spare, by now I was really looking forward to a wee.
" I'm just off to the ladies' mum." "I think we should clear customs first, there's a long line at security."
Mum wasn't joking. It took ages to clear customs and by the time we got through I was dying for a wee and was trying to hold myself subtly by putting my hand in my jeans pocket.
"We need to get to the gate urgently, Katy!" "Mum, I'm bursting. I need a wee first." "We need to get to the gate, they will have a loo there."
We got to the boarding gate just as they were starting to board the plane.
"Mum, I need a wee desperately," I whispered urgently, trying to hold on without squirming.
"You will have to wait until we are on the plane!" "Mum, I'm busting. I can't wait that long..." "Well, you'll just have to. There's nowhere else." "Oh God. I can't hold it. I can't! I have to pee right now!"
Oh God, was I desperate!! So close to wetting myself I was almost in tears. I was 'holding on' with all my strength and it felt as if I was right on the brink of wetting myself. 
We got to the plane and started climbing the stairs to board but in my predicament I missed my step and stumbled.
"Oh no. Oh no please God, nooooo..." I slammed my hands into my crotch but it was no good, my hands were getting wet– warm and wet. I froze in shock, staring through my tears as a dark wet patch expanded around the crotch of my pale blue jeans, spreading rapidly up my bottom and over my inner thighs. The dark area spread down my legs as I stood there and wet myself, pee collecting in my timberland boots and dripping down the steps behind me.
"Oh for f*** sake Katherine I can't believe you did that, now what are we going to do, you stupid girl?" I just stood at the door to the plane with my Miss Sixty jeans still dripping wee.
An airhostess appeared and took me to one side.
"Uh miss have you been drinking, I can't let you fly if you are drunk." "She's not drunk, she just wet herself like a stupid baby," my mum snapped. "Well, I can't allow you to sit on our seats in that state, do you have anything to change in to?" "All my clothes are in the hold luggage." "She's 19– I didn't expect to have to bring a change of knickers for her!" "Shut up mum you aren't helping." "I'll see if I can get some pyjama trousers from the first class sleep packs."
The stewardess promptly returned with the pyjama bottoms and a plastic bag for my wet jeans and knickers, I went to the loo to change and poured about a pint of pee out of my boots.
I made my way timidly to my seat having just gone through the most embarrassing moment in my entire life.
By: Katy Hill