The Exhibition (part 5)

By Francine

CHAPTER 5

The Third Day - School

"Mrs. Johnson! Mrs. Johnson! Let's go. We've got a different program for you today!" She moved wearily, looking up at Clarence, standing beside her cot. What time was it? She didn't know. It was daylight, she could see, but it seemed quite early.

Clarence immediately enlightened her. "It's six A.M. I have a change in program for you. You're still going to be exhibited today, with the required discomforts, but we're going to make it a bit different. You won't be going to the exhibition dock, and, at least part of time, you won't be complaining about the heat. Also, there might be some benefits for you. Interested?" He was smiling, but she knew by now that Clarence was going to put her through suffering, anyway. But, at least, he did it in good spirits and he wasn't mean or nasty. He was about as decent as a man could be in this job, she reflected. She glanced at her cot - now dirty and stained from the contact with her body. All the sweat and pain and dirt, she thought, and I haven't had a bath in days.

Clarence seemingly read her thoughts. "Unless you object to what we've planned for you today, you will at least get a bath out of it. You know, you're a mess, and if you don't mind my saying so, your body odor is getting to be pretty strong stuff. I could make you live in it another day, you know." 

Nancy saw no point in argument. She was feeling a bit hungry, and her bladder was again calling for relief, still trying to get rid of yesterday's water. "Tell me what I have to look forward to, and let's get about it", she said in resignation.

Clarence explained. "You're the only one on exhibition today. Veronica has to get to the magistrate today for her release hearing, since she finished her punishment. Frankly, I was hoping she'd be held over, in which case I would have used her for this, because the school preferred a younger person. So you know you're second choice. But at least it gets you off the display on the hot dock." 

"School? What school?" Nancy questioned.

"The boys school here sometimes requests that we use a prisoner undergoing exhibition and discomfort for a day, for their classes. They have us position the prisoner in the school, where she is exhibited in a classroom to the boys, for their health and sex education classes. They use her as a model to explain to the boys female anatomy and some bodily functions. It's all done with an instructor who keeps the boys under control. The teacher is usually a woman and the boys in these classes run about ten to twelve years old. The don't give the teacher a hard time, ordinarily, and are generally well behaved. But they can be mighty curious, in a class like this. Such a class gives the boys a chance to learn about girls directly, and ask questions they would be embarrassed about elsewhere. We will take you there, but we have a couple of small problems for you, first."

"Such as?"

"First, you need a bath. You're dirty, and you smell bad. We have to get you washed up so you will be acceptable in a classroom. We'll let you take a shower at the boys school, where they have a gym and showers. But you'll have to let a class of boys watch you. Second, we have to bend the 'no touching' rule a little. When you're on exhibit in front of the class, the teacher wants to be allowed to let the boys touch you a little, very gently, and under careful supervision. The areas she wants to let them touch are your breasts, and your abdomen - that's in and above your pubic hair, but not your genitals, which they must be allowed to see, but not to touch.:

"And if I object?"

"Then, back to the platform, the nasty men making bets on your bladder capacity, the gnats, flies and heat. And no bath. And, I should tell you, since we finished with Veronica, there will be no one to share the platform with today, so if we go there, you will get all the attention." 

"OK, I'll buy the school deal. I assume I still get the water treatment. Will the boys know about it? And will I have the chains?" 

"Since the school is outside the police enclosures, you will have to be restrained all the time you are there. I will take you in handcuffs, but I will take them off once we shackle you. For your shower, I will shackle your legs while you wash, so you can use your arms. For the classroom exhibit, you will be loosely chained in a standing position. The classroom, though, will definitely not be hot, you will be relieved to know. As for the water, you know I am obligated to keep you with an extremely full bladder most of the time. I'm not going to start that before we get to the school, because I'm smart enough to know that you might sneak some relief for yourself while in the shower. At the school, we will fill you up with water and I think the teacher will use that for a class demonstration. Also, at sometime she may use your allowed relief for a demonstration of female urination for the boys.

However, I want you to understand that your three hours of time today doesn't start until your bladder is full enough to be hurting you to my satisfaction. We may do some things to speed up the effects, and make up for some of the discomforts you are escaping, which you will see later. And, yes, the boys will be told that you are being punished, and that is why you are chained, and also that part of your punishment is that your bladder is being kept very full." 

"You've really aroused my curiosity. I can hardly wait to see what delightful experiences await me", she answered dryly. 

"Let's get ready. We need to get there, and it's farther than yesterday. My man is bringing a quick breakfast to the prep room, where you were before. Leave your pants and bra in here, and let's go!"

She knew he wasn't going to avert his eyes, so she unhooked her bra and slipped off panties, as we watched. "May I be allowed a quick pee, or is the holding torture starting already?" "I won't make you start before breakfast, today at least. A quick one, OK, right now. But you won't get another until you've met the pain requirements." 

She walked with him, completely unclothed and barefoot, to the prep room, where she found her breakfast tray awaiting. She was left alone for a few minutes while she ate, then she was handcuffed with her hands behind her, and taken to a police car, not the usual van. She was placed in the rear seat while Clarence and a second police officer took the front. They left the station and drove her through the streets. Instinctively she sought to cover her as people looked in at her as they passed through dense traffic, but with hands cuffed behind her, she could not shield herself in any way, and found herself on the receiving end of constant stares.

At least she was not physically uncomfortable, a condition she was sure would soon change. After about half an hour, they drew up in front of a building clearly labeled as "Hamilton Boys School". She wondered what sort of reception she would get. The car pulled around to a building in the rear, evidently a gymnasium. They parked on a paved area adjoining. Outside were a number of young boys engaged in various sporting activities, or simply hanging around. She saw no adults.

The door was opened, and she was ordered out. A group of about twenty boys gathered around. She flushed, hesitant to step out, lacking even the ability to use her hands for cover. Roughly, Clarence instructed her to get out, and go into the building. One of the boys looked closely at her, and asked "Are you our lesson for today?" At least, the word had got out- she was expected.

She was ushered into the gym, then across the large room to what must be a shower room. A number of boys gathered around, but they were quickly ordered back. Shortly, a woman appeared. Evidently she was the teacher; nicely dressed in shirt and slacks, hair in a pony tail, well groomed, looking probably thirtyish. She stopped and looked Nancy over rather thoroughly. She looked at Clarence, twitching her nose. She didn't touch or speak to Nancy. "Is this what you're bringing us? She's old, and she stinks! I though you had a young one. What happened?" 

Clarence responded, "Alice, the younger one finished her sentence yesterday. This is Nancy Johnson, the only one we currently have on exhibition. She performed rather well at the platform, and I think you will find quite cooperative. She has been two days at the dock, and if you gone through that, you'd need a bath and some clean-up too. She's fifty-four, and I know she has a few lumps and bulges and sags a bit, but she looked quite nice when she came in - dressed well, groomed well. I think she'll make a good teaching model for you. You can give the boys a lecture while she showers, and then she'll look a bit better. .."

Alice was impatient. "I really don't care what see looked like in clothes, we need her nude and I am only concerned with how her body will appeal to the boys as lesson material. She looks fairly relaxed - you haven't started loading her up yet, have you?" "No, we'll do that after the clean up. I don't want to chance her getting sneaky and letting it out in the shower. I'll get her so she won't be relaxed, in the way we talked. " "Fine, let's get at it. I'll get my boys in the shower to watch her. I hope she doesn't mind showing off a bit for them." Alice took Clarence aside for some further discussion, and Nancy was taken to a spot under a shower head. Here the policeman produced about a two foot length of chain attached to a cuff, and and placed the cuff on Nancy's ankle, locking it. The other end of the chain was locked to a vertical water pipe under the shower head. He then uncuffed her hands. She was now able to move under the shower, but only to the length of the chain.

In a few moments, Alice came back and looked at Nancy. "All right, you'll have to do, even if you're old enough to be their grandmother. Look, the object of the lesson is to teach the boys something about female anatomy, so you will now wash yourself as I instruct you, and while the boys, of which I have twenty two, will stand around you and watch. Usually, the boys are undressing in here, but today they will not be changing their clothes, just watching you. Now, as I call them, take some of the soap, and boy do you need it, and turn on the water. Get it to a comfortable temperature, because you'll be under it for awhile." Nancy did as instructed. By the time she had finished, twenty-odd boys were standing, or sitting, in a semicircle around her, backed up above six feet or so, just out of range of the shower water. Their eyes were like saucers, and they were looking her over intently. Alice began her lecture, using a pointer to indicate parts of Nancy's physical structure.

She instructed Nancy to stand her the water, letting it pour over hair and down over her body. She was instructed to soap her hair, always keeping her hands lifted over her shoulders. While she did this, Alice delivered a lecture to the boys about female breasts. The process continued downward over her body, as she was instructed to wash various parts. Somewhere in the process, Nancy tried to inconspicuously pee slightly, so as to relieve herself while the water camouflaged her activity. 

She must have spent twenty minutes under the shower in this fashion, when finally she and Alice agreed she had been adequately washed. The water was shut off. Nancy stood, still shackled, under the shower head, her hair, sopping wet, hanging down randomly. Alice produced a comb for her, and told her to tidy up her hair. Nancy quickly complied. The shackle was removed, and her hands were again cuffed behind her. "Don't I get to dry myself? " Nancy asked, seeing no towel and wondering how she would handle one with cuffed hands. "Do you feel better?" Alice politely inquired. "Yes, definitely" Nancy replied. "Well, I think that will be taken care of quickly", was Alice's retort. 

Alice led the boys toward the door and ordered Nancy to follow. She was soaking wet from the shower, and water dripped from her as she walked. The group moved across the gym and into a building adjoining, where she was taken into a large classroom. It was big enough to hold fifty or more students, for whom chairs were arranged, all in a semicircle around an elevated platform about a foot high, at the back of which stood a large post, about six feet high. Steel rings were in evidence about the periphery of the platform and on the top of the post. It took no imagination for Nancy to conceive where she would be placed.

The room was well lit with fluorescent lights, and a spotlight was positioned where it could be turned on the platform. But, literally, the most chilling aspect of the room was its temperature. It was air conditioned, and the temperature was turned quite low. Nancy, her wet body dripping heavily, immediately felt the cool air.

She was not immediately placed in the position she expected, on the platform. Instead, her hands were released, and one wrist was extended and cuffed to a ring on the post. She was standing, facing the class, the cuffed arm extended, but otherwise unfettered. 

Alice addressed the class. "As you know, Mrs. Johnson is being punished for something she did. While she is our visual aid for teaching today, she is also going to be the object a teaching lesson related to the stomach and urinary system, which we have been studying about.." She proceeded for several minutes to review the working of the digestive tract, in how food and drink passes through the body. She then expanded a bit on the function of the kidneys in removing excess water, and where it went. She asked a question, "If we drink a very large amount of water, what is the effect on the kidneys?" After getting some satisfactory answers, she went to the function of the bladder. She asked a student to go to Mrs. Johnson and point to the areas that contained her stomach, her kidneys, and her bladder. When he had done this, he was told to gently push on her abdomen and try to feel her bladder. Nancy winced at this, but he was gentle.

Alice allowed several boys to try, and none were sure they could feel it. "That is because Mrs. Johnson's bladder is empty, and lying collapsed at the floor of her pelvis (she indicated the area with her pointer). In fact, I suspect she emptied it during the shower, and we didn't notice.... is that so, Mrs. Johnson?" 

Nancy nodded meekly, not wanted to answer audibly. Alice continued, "I expected her to do that, because she knew what was coming. Now, boys, what will happen if Mrs. Johnson drinks a lot of water? I mean, really a lot?" A boy replied, "Her kidneys will strain it out, and put it in her bladder." Another piped up, "and she'll want to go to the bathroom!" After listening to several such comments, Alice continued, "Well, let's see what happens. I have here a gallon of cold water in two pitchers. Let's get that into her stomach, and see how long it takes to have an effect on her bladder. And, Billy, you're right, after a while she will want to go to the bathroom - really, to urinate - let's use the right words - but because she's being punished, she won't be allowed to for quite a while. So her bladder will just have to stretch to hold the water her kidneys send into it." 

Alice allowed a few questions from the boys, then said, "While Mrs. Johnson is filling herself with water, I will let you find out what a woman's breasts feel like. I explained that they are part muscle and part glandular tissue, with no bones in them. As a woman gets older, they often sag a bit from their weight and because the lady's muscles may become weaker. You will see that hers are sagging a little, and you can't see under them easily. I'm going to allow each of you to go up to her, very gently touch one of her breasts, to see how it feels. You may lift it, and then move it a little side to side, so you can see how flexible it is." With that, the boys came forward, quite eagerly, and one at a time performed the examination. Nancy felt humiliated and embarrassed, but she feared to say anything - she had agreed to allow the touching. Alice also encouraged the boys to feel her stomach and abdomen, and comment on how these parts felt to them.

As her stomach filled, some of the boys could feel it expand.

Apart from being felt by the boys, Nancy was experiencing a new discomfort. She was cold. The air conditioning was quite cool on her damp body, and she was filling herself with a huge amount of chilled water. She mentioned to Alice, "I'm cold - really! I know you won't allow me any clothes, but could the room be a little warmer? I'm feeling chilled!" 

"Really?" Alice answered, somewhat mockingly. "And did we promise to keep you comfortable? I'm quite warm enough, thank you. And finish the water." "But you're fully dressed, and I'm - well, I'm..." "You're quite naked, and you are going to stay that way, for your own punishment and the education of the boys. As for being cold, would you rather be sweating on the dock outside, like you were yesterday? we don't want you to sweat - you lose water that way. Right now, we want all that water you're taking in to go through your kidneys, not your sweat glands."

Nancy tried hard to finish the water. Alice made her jump and twist, while the boys took turns listening to her stomach with their ears pressed against it, to hear the sounds of the water gurgling and moving around. Many of them seemed amused by it.

Nancy looked at the classroom clock, which now showed almost eight thirty. She had managed to down the first pitcher of water and half of the second, and her stomach was noticeably distended, and she felt the uncomfortable fullness. "I can't drink any more. I'm completely full," she told Alice. She got a cold response, "you've got almost a quart to go. But we have time. And it's time to change your position".

She was led up the platform and made to stand on it, her back to the post. Her handcuffs were unlocked, her hands positioned around the post behind her, then locked on her wrists again. Now she was effectively fastened to the post; and she could move her legs, or more her body up or down, but she could not move away from the post. Also, she could not use her hands. 

She had dried off a bit, and, while still cold and having noticeable goose bumps, the cold was no longer a major discomfort. Her body was warming the cold water in her distended stomach, and she wondered how she was expected to drink more water with her hands cuffed behind her.

Her question was answered, when one of the boys held the pitcher up to her, with a bent straw in it, which Alice slipped into her moth. "Finish it" was the command. The boys watched as the water slowly passed into her. Meanwhile, Alice kept up a running commentary on how her stomach functioned. Suddenly, she turned to the class. "This lady's bladder was so empty you couldn't feel it half an hour ago. See who can feel it now!" Several boys tried, observing that they could, indeed, feel a fullness in her lower abdomen. Alice questioned them about kidney function and the urinary system. One boy promptly asked, "When will she let it out? Can we see her do it?" There was a chorus of other questions. Another asked, "When it comes out, where will it come from? I can't see the hole where her pee - I mean her urine - comes out". 

By nine, Alice had managed to finish the water. Her stomach felt terribly bloated, and now her bladder felt full, too. She knew it was useless to ask to relieve herself, but she soon commented quite loudly, "That boy was right - I really would like to go to the bathroom." Alice responded, asking the boys if any had been in a situation where they needed to urinate but couldn't do so. Several minutes passed while several boys recited such events. Alice told a story on herself, about traveling in a car, when there was no rest stop available. Nancy's discomfort was just getting worse, as she listened. Alice asked the class, "How did you feel, when you had a very full bladder and you just had to hold it? I'll bet it hurt, didn't it?" Several boys agreed. "How do think this lady's bladder feels, now? And, remember, she's not allowed to empty it - right now, she doesn't know what's coming next, but she knows she has to just keep on holding it.

Do you think it's hurting her? Nancy, tell them how it feels." 

Nancy, feeling growing discomfort turning to pain, tried to explain her feelings to the class. Having to do this just added, of course, to the embarrassment. 

Soon, Clarence came into the room, announcing he had to check her. He felt her abdomen, as many of the boys had, and told Alice, "she's filling nicely, and I'm going to consider that her three hours of discomfort start now, but she can hold a lot more. She did yesterday. How much did you put in her?" "A full gallon - she wasn't enthusiastic! And she complains of the cold, so she's not sweating. Can I do a urination demo for the boys in a few minutes? She'll fill up again, fast, and I only need to let her pee a little bit, so the boys can see. OK?" 

Clarence agreed, Nancy was pleased to hear. Alice lectured the boys on how women urinate, and why they usually did so seated instead of standing. She said, "We can't allow to sit, but I will let her squat, like women usually do outdoors, and you can all watch her urinate a little bit. " She made Nancy squat as she was able, her back straight against the post, and positioned her legs as wide as Nancy could get them. A dishpan-type receptacle was found, and placed under her. The boys crowded around. Nancy was told to urinate, and be ready to stop on command. She let go, and the boys watched, eyes glued to Nancy's genital area. Alice let them watch for about ten seconds, then commended Nancy to stop and stand up. Of course, she had to gradually work her way up the post, cuffed as she was, but managed. Her bladder felt a bit better, still quite uncomfortable. 

The class changed, and a new group of boys brought in, about the same number. Again, Alice delivered a lecture on female anatomy, and again the boys were allowed to approach Nancy, gently feeling her breasts, stomach, and abdomen. Again, Alice explained the process to which Nancy had been subjected, and invited the boys to feel her distended bladder. After about half an hour, she was again required to give a urination demonstration, limited to about ten seconds. 

It was now nearly eleven o'clock, and Nancy was now in severe pain. While Clarence had begun her timing for discomfort at nine, she now hadn't emptied herself for three hours, except for two ten second discharges. Clarence checked her again, before the next class started. He arranged for her to be made to stand, and her hands were uncuffed, but then she was cuffed to the rings at the top of the post, so she had to stand with her arms behind her head, in a posture which compelled her to stand fully erect. Because was both cold and suffering severe abdominal stress, she was trying to stand with her legs together, a posture which Clarence adjusted by fastening her legs to the platform rings, holding them spread apart. She was in a most uncomfortable posture, but her body was ideally exposed for Alice's teaching. Alice presented her anatomy lesson to the next group of boys.

Nancy was oblivious to the boys, to Alice, to everything except the aching, piercing pain in the abdomen from her vastly overstretched bladder. This was, indeed, the worst it had been so far! She wasn't sweating out the water, the relief she had been allowed was little, and it was two hours after she had consumed a gallon of water. Then, in the middle of Alice's lecture, she called out, "You've got to let me pee! I'm starting to leak, and I can't hold it any longer - not any longer at all!" Her distress was real, and she was trying with all her might to clench her muscles tightly around her urethra to stop the leakage she was feeling, but the internal pressure was just too great. Tears streamed down her face, as she suffered the emotional impact of a failure, that she feared might subject her to another day of exhibition - in the horrid dock, yet! 

Alice looked at her lower body, with something approaching contempt, and addressed the boys. "It looks as though she can't hold it any longer, so she's probably going to receive an extension on her punishment. You can see what happens when her muscles tire out, and...., well, get a good look at how a woman pees involuntarily when she's trying to hold."

Alice placed a pan under Nancy to catch the dripping, then told her, "Well, you didn't manage to hold it completely. If you only leak a little, you'll get only a few hours extension. I'm calling Clarence- if I find a quart of water in that pan, I'm sure he'll give you another day on the post! I I really didn't think a woman as old as you could pass the test.!" 

A few minutes later, with the class eagerly watching the dripping and observing her contorted expressions and muscular straining, Clarence returned. He looked at Nancy, sadly shaking his head. "Sorry, Mrs. Johnson, but I'll have to give you extended time. Look, I know you're hurting pretty bad, but if you just keep on leaking a little, like you are now, I'll only give you two extra hours today. Alice, do you need another short pee demonstration?" Alice shook her head, but the boys obviously wanted it. "Mrs. Johnson, you're just leaking in spurts. I 'm going to allow you a fifteen second time to relieve yourself so the boys can get a good look. If you can stop it after that, you'll only get a two hour extension."

Nancy tried to release herself. Her muscles were so tensed with the tight clenching she had been doing, though, they wouldn't quickly relax. She really couldn't get her bladder to cooperate and start relieving itself, except for the occasional small spurt. She tried pushing as hard as she could, but it just didn't work. Clarence was watching his watch. "Mrs. Johnson, I gave you fifteen seconds, and you haven't really started, but you are leaking. You have to either to get started or we drop the idea. I'll give you two minutes to get going, because I realize you are having trouble." 

Alice and the boys were enjoying this immensely. Alice was straining as hard to release her urine as she had been to hold it. Suddenly her stream started - she was now pushing as hard as she could to get as much as possible out in the fifteen seconds allowed her. A torrent poured forth, splashing all over the pan and the platform. 

The fifteen seconds passed rapidly; Nancy was given a countdown, and managed to stop, with great effort, and just a few seconds late. The pan was removed, and Nancy was told to stand there as the lesson was resumed. No one offered to wipe her, and urine drops were left on her legs and bottom, even on her feet. Somehow, she endured the rest of the time, until twelve. Clarence appeared, as Alice dismissed the class and the last group of boys left reluctantly.

He took her off the platform, hands cuffed behind her, as she asked? "What next? Do I really get two more hours of being displayed like a piece of meat?" Clarence didn't answer immediately. He felt her abdomen, checking her bladder. "It should still be hurting you a bit", he announced, quite unnecessarily. "I'd like to take you for pee demonstrations on the playground, but it would relieve you too much. I'm sorry, but I really have no choice but to take you to the Exhibition Dock for an hour. I think all of us would like to get this over as soon as possible." 

He walked her across the playground to the car, followed closely by crowd of watching boys. She was ushered into the car, and they drove from the school.

The drive took a while, and her bladder was more and more painful. She had been holding her urine so much in the last couple of days she was beginning to worry that she might be doing herself some internal harm. She asked, even begged, Clarence to allow her to relieve herself, even slightly, pointing out that even in the dock, she had been allowed a small amount of relief every hour. Finally, he relented, "but you will have to do it here and now!" he snapped, impatiently. The car pulled up to a curb in a busy part of town. He opened the door, took her out, stark naked, and told her she had twenty seconds to get as much relief as she could.

She stood, unclad and barefoot, on the hot pavement beside the car, while numerous bystanders gawked at the sight. The hot street hurt her feet, and she shifted rapidly from one foot to the other. She tried to squat, as best she could with the handcuffs holding her hands, and urinated a forceful stream into the gutter. After a few seconds, Clarence commended her to stop, which she did painfully, and returned to the car.

The relief did not end her internal discomfort, as the pressure was still hurting. She sat and rode for another twenty minutes or so, until they arrived at the dreaded dock. The policemen unlocked the gate, and they drove inside. Outside, a small group of men, unaware that an exhibition would take place today, began to turn and look through the fence.

Nancy was taken from the car. Before mounting the platform, Clarence unfastened her handcuffs and presented her with a plastic container of water. "This is one quart, and you are to drink it now. I won't make you drink more. Just remember, you are not to urinate a drop in the next hour or you get a time extension. And I am going to lock you into a rather uncomfortable position, so you will feel the required discomfort." Nancy was apprehensive, but gulped down the water, thankful that it was her last.

She was stood on the platform, and the shackles attached to her wrists and ankles. She found out quickly what Clarence meant; her legs were spread widely apart, and the chains locked to her her in that posture. Then her two hands were lifted above her head, and locked to the attach points above her. Clarence inspected his handwork, then signaled for the gate to be opened and the spectators admitted.

A fairly small group of men, about fifteen, came into the compound, and stood around the platform, on which Nancy was now the sole bit of exhibition. Obviously, as this event was unscheduled and unadvertised, the number available to watch was small, and that lessened some her humiliation. They stood and looked, moving to get the best view, often stooping to look up between her widely separated legs.

The position was cramped, and her leg muscles began to hurt. Her bladder was already painful, and she was starting to sweat profusely in the heat. She could shift some of her body weight to her arms, at least, and used this method to lessen the load on her cramped legs. Could she last an hour? It didn't sound so long, but every minute was becoming torture. She wondered if Ralph knew what she was being subject to, today.

She watched the clock. The minutes slowly passed. She tried to hold herself up partly with her arms, and clenched her abdominal muscles to restrain her bladder.

Finally, the minute hand reached the end of the hour. Clarence stood by, plastic container in hand. As she squirmed tortuously through her final moments, he held the container under her, and then announced, "Time's up! You can let it go, now. Let's see what you have been holding!"

Again it took her almost two minutes to relax her clenched sphincters enough to permit the flow to begin. The onlookers watched eagerly as her stream commenced. What would have caused her profound embarrassment a couple of days ago, now mean only a blessed relief. She pushed her stream as hard as she could. The men just stared.

At length Clarence declared, "Well, you're getting better. You've filled this one, let me empty it and get another. Now stop your water.." She labored to cut off the stream, while a new container was obtained. Finally she was allowed to release her flow again, and she eagerly did so. The stream slowed and stopped. Clarence waited a moment. "More?" He asked her. "Yes - a little more - just a moment.." After a bit of hesitation, the stream started again, became strong, then stopped finally.

Clarence checked the measurements. "Thirty nine ounces. Not quite as much as you held yesterday, but it will make the grade. I think you're finished. Sorry?" She smiled with relief, as the locks were unfastened. With her legs feeling cramps and her arms exhausted and numb, she was helped to the car, and collapsed in the rear seat. 

She closed her eyes in relief. Oblivious to the stares that came through the window, she rode back to the police station. As they arrived, she became very much aware that all of the water had not left her, and she again felt a need for relief. She was taken to the prep room, and told to sit. "May I relieve myself? I have finished my punishment!" she requested. "Just a few minutes", Clarence told her. "I am prepared to certify that you have met the punishment requirements. But your sentence included something else - you are a foreigner, and the agreement for corporal punishment specified that you would leave immediately upon release. I cannot release you tonight. You must go for a hearing before the magistrate in the morning, at which time he will approve the arrangements for your deportation, which I assume your husband has arranged for tomorrow; and, if so, you can be released then! In the meantime, you will remain here, as you were last night.

In the morning, you will be taken to the magistrate at ten o'clock."

"May I have my clothes?" 

You may have your underwear, when you go to your room. It is up to the magistrate to decide what to do in the morning."

Nancy, chagrined at spending another night incarcerated, considered that she would again be brought into a public courtroom, before the magistrate and a crowd of people, her husband and her attorney, wearing just her underwear. 

She returned to her assigned room. She used the toilet to relieve her urinary distress, then she started to put on her underwear, but reflected that it badly needed washing. She decided to wash her bra and panties in the sink using the bar of soap given her. She spread them on the table to dry, and then washed herself as best she could.

Later, her meal arrived. She ate it naked, no longer caring that the man who brought it could see her body. She flopped on the cot and was quickly asleep.
