Title: After School Activities

By: Neil

Taking a few days break in Bangkok, I decided to look for somewhere different from the normal run of 'go-go' dancer bars, and I was at the edge of the main tourist areas when I saw a neon sign proclaiming "St Trinians Bar." It was quite small inside, with subdued lighting and the seating in alcoves around two walls. I sat down at a corner table and one of the waitresses approached and took my order. All of the waitress-hostesses were dressed as fantasy schoolgirls, taken straight from the old British St Trinian's films, wearing black pleated skirts, white blouses, and little black jackets. Some had completed the effect with black suspender belts and stockings, others with white socks or knee-length boots. My waitress returned with a beer. She had adopted the little girl look, with white socks and pigtails, though later she told me that she was twenty-six. Slim even for a Thai, skinny by English standards, but with pert breasts and hair that reached half-way down her back, she was a fantasy come true.

I offered her a drink, she accepted, and came to sit next to me. Her name tag pronounced her 'Penelope' but when I questioned her about this, she told me that her real name was Somsii, but the manager of the bar had given all the girls English names in keeping with the bar's image. We talked for a bit, it was a quiet, relaxing bar, and Somsii was pleasant company. I ordered another beer, and suggested that this time she had a beer instead of the normal bar girl's cola. She hesitated.

"Don't you like beer?" I asked, "Why not have a Mekong-Coke instead?"

"No, I like beer, but if I drink too much beer, I go toilet all the time."

All the more reason for you to drink beer, I thought, and with a little more persuasion, she got herself a bottle of Heineken. Once started, it didn't take her long to drink that beer, so I finished mine and sent her for another round. As she sat down this time, she crossed her legs and sort of squirmed down in the seat. I put my arm round her waist and pulled her to me. She responded for a few moments, then pulled away. I continued to hold her against me.

"Where are you going? I want you to stay here with me, unless you don't like me."

Hearing this, she pressed against me, then began massaging my neck and produced the standard bar-girl patter.

"Ok? I come with you tonight? I can take care of you, massage, anything you want."

I replied that I would think about it, so she continued with the massage, presumably hoping that it would help me make up my mind. Then she tried to get up again. I held her tighter, again asking her where she was going.

"I go toilet, I come back, don't worry."

"No," I said, "stay here a bit longer, finish the massage. Maybe you can massage my fingers next." She hesitated, then carried on with the massage, though I thought I noticed that she crossed her legs a bit tighter as she did so. By the time she was getting to the end of the massage she was most definitely twisting her legs tightly together, and letting go of my hand, she again tried to get up. Knowing full well where she wanted to go, I stopped her.

"Please, I want to go pee-pee. Drinking beer always makes me want to pee-pee very much. Oh! I go quick and come back." Somsii pressed her hand between her legs to demonstrate how badly she wanted to go.

"If you really must go, then I'll come with you, I need to go as well."

The toilets were typical of a Bangkok bar, one room with 2 urinals and one cubicle, serving both male and female. Somsii dashed into the cubicle, while I stood at the nearest urinal. Since the cubicle had a louvre door which didn't reach the ceiling, I could hear Somsii peeing, and did she pee? It absolutely blasted out, under tremendous pressure, for about ten seconds, reducing to more normal pressure as she finished. My mind was made up after hearing her pee like that, I just had to get to know her better, and Somsii seemed to reciprocate these feelings. This was Bangkok, and while I had no doubt that Somsii would expect to be paid for any time she spent with me, she also appeared to have taking a liking to me, or was at least making a good pretence of it.

Somsii changed into her normal jeans and T-shirt to come back to my hotel with me, but, at my insistence, she brought her 'school uniform' with her, and changed back into it as soon as we were in my room. I gave her a beer from supply I had in the fridge, and put some music on. Somsii hardly drank any of her beer before asking if she could 'go toilet' again. I told her that I did not want her to go, as it was so soon after her last visit. Luckily, I had not drunk much that evening, and had become quite dehydrated during the day, so I was not feeling any need to pee again.

As she had in the bar, Somsii did not protest at being made to wait, but sat with her legs crossed, obviously needing to go quite badly. I put my arm round her, and began to stroke her breasts, then moved my hands over her slim waist and felt her abdomen. She flinched slightly, maybe crossed her legs more tightly, but said nothing. She put her arms round my neck and began to kiss me, then we moved apart, I drank some more beer and the offered Somsii her drink.

"Please, I go toilet first," she said as she refused the drink.

This was the moment when I had to put my proposition to her. I explained that I wanted her to wait for the toilet as long as she possibly could, as I wanted to see her needing to pee-pee (as she called it,) very badly. Not surprisingly, she hesitated about this, so I added that I would pay her extra if she did this, the amount depending on how long she was able to last before she had to pee. To further re-assure her, I gave her the sum we had first agreed on for the night, telling her that she was free to leave if she did not like what I was asking her to do. She hesitated, unsure about such an unusual proposition, "How long do I have to wait?"

"At least one hour, and you have to drink more beer while you are waiting," I was asking her to do something almost impossible, but there was no harm in trying.

"I cannot. Drink beer and not pee-pee for one hour is not possible. I go Dsssss!" she made a hissing sound and indicated that she would wet herself, perhaps not knowing that that was what I wanted.

"No you won't, you're a big girl, you can hold it if you try, and I will be helping you. If you can wait more that one hour, I will give you double money." I was going for broke, all or nothing, as she still seemed doubtful. Somsii thought for a bit longer, possibly adding up the money she might make, or estimating how much pee her bladder could be made to hold, then nodded in agreement. Before she could change her mind, I gave her a beer to drink, and then symbolically pulled the bathroom door shut as I looked at my watch.

"Finished, closed for one hour, maybe more," I said.

"I try, I try, but already I want to pee-pee very much, and you give me more beer. Maybe I cannot wait so long." Somsii crossed her legs and squirmed about on the chair, making it clear that she was already bursting, and making a serious effort to hold her pee. The question was, how hard was she going to try to hold it? Would she give up when she was merely uncomfortable, or would she fight to the very end? going to the limit of her endurance to try to make the full hour's wait. Was I going to be treated to the close-up sight of a beautiful girl fighting to hold her pee, using every technique she knew, or would she just sit with her legs crossed for a bit and then give up?

I tried to make conversation to take her mind of the rising pressure in her bladder, but after five minutes this was becoming hard work. Somsii was being detracted by her bladder, I was too engrossed in her efforts to control her pee. She had crossed and uncrossed her legs several times, moving about on the chair as she did so, trying to find the position that gave her most relief from the urge to pee. Then, as the CD I had put on finished, she asked me to turn the TV on. She skimmed through the channels and found a Thai soap which appealed to her, and twisted in the chair so she could see better. I suggested that she would see better if she sat on the bed, which also meant that I could sit close to her. As she became engrossed in the Soap she seemed to get her urge to pee under control, because she got through the next ten minutes without any more squirming or repeated leg crossing, just sitting with her legs twisted together.

Having no interest in the TV program, I turned my attention to Somsii. Sitting on the bed in her 'school uniform' of tiny black skirt and white blouse, she looked both adorable and vulnerable, and I had to remind myself that she was 26, not 15 as she looked at first glance. As if conscious of my scrutiny, she wriggled her cute little bottom and crossed her legs more tightly, reminding me that underneath that tiny skirt was a bursting bladder that she was struggling to contain. Her concentration was broken by the commercials starting, and, as if suddenly aware of her need to pee, she pressed her hands into her lap, gripping her inner thighs rather than holding her crutch, and groaned "Oh pee-pee! I want pee-pee!"

I put my arm round her and pulled her to me, a sudden surge of attraction at the thought of this lovely girl dying for a pee, but this unbalanced her and somehow reduced the effectiveness of her crossed legs, because she gasped and pressed a hand between her legs. I cuddled her and asked if she wanted to go very badly, or could she wait longer. Her reply was a long "Oooooh!" and she pressed her hand between her legs again, this time keeping it there. "How long?" she asked, "How do I wait?"

I checked my watch, "Nearly 20 minutes, so not so much longer to wait."

I was trying to be optimistic about it, not wanting her to give up yet. Somsii had moved her hand away from her crutch again, perhaps shy about blatantly holding herself , though I hoped she would be doing so before she gave up.

"If you want to go very badly," I continued, "you can do anything you want to help you wait." Somsii looked puzzled by this, so I explained further, "You don't have to try to wait with just you legs crossed, you can do anything you want to help you hold it. I will help you if you want me to"

"I not understand?" she replied.

"You can put your hand between your legs to hold it back, or any other way you know of waiting when you want to go really badly," I explained. I considered adding that I would hold it for her if she would let me, but decided to go one step at a time.

Somsii needed no more encouragement, but immediately put her right hand between her legs and squirmed about, crossing her legs tighter as she pressed against her crutch. This must have helped, because as the Soap resumed she seemed to relax a bit, first not pressing so hard, then removing her hand completely for a bit. A few more minutes, then, with a sharp intake of breath, she suddenly held herself again. This time she didn't take her hand away, though she kept squirming about on the bed and moving the hand pressed between her legs. Another break in the Soap, and Somsii groaned openly and pressed both hands between her legs.

"Oh, I want pee-pee so bad. Soon it come out, dssss!" she said, leaning forward to get more pressure against her crutch.

"Are you sure you have not gone 'Dssss!' already? I think I have to check. The hotel will complain if the bed is wet." Somsii did not object as I pulled her skirt up to see if she had leaked already. Her tiny black knickers were stretched tightly across her crutch and her previously flat tummy was bulging as her bladder filled. She would not, or maybe could not, move her hands to let me see the crutch of her knickers, so I had to slide my hand under her cute little bottom and check that her skirt was dry, which it was, though I wondered for how much longer.

I told her to finish her beer, but it seemed that she was now so desperate that she needed to hold her crutch with both hands to avoid wetting herself. At my insistence she reluctantly picked up the beer can in her left hand, while wriggling about and pressing harder with her right hand, her body tensing with the effort she was making to contain herself. I had my right arm round her, and seeing how she was struggling to hold herself, I moved my hand down towards her crutch. Somsii flinched as my hand approached her abdomen.

"Please, no touch me there! I hurt too much, you no press there!"

I reassured Somsii that I was not going to touch her bursting bladder, but only wanted to help her hold it back. She was still hesitant, but I gently removed her tiny skirt and then, carefully avoiding her bulging abdomen, slid my hand between her crossed legs and put it over her hand, which was still holding her crutch. I put my finger tips on her fingers and pressed hard.

"Better?" I asked, "does this help to hold in your pee-pee?"

She drank some beer, then tried to move her fingers from under mine.

"You press too hard, you hurt my finger."

"Let me hold it for you, you take a rest." I wondered if this was going too far, but she let me pull her hand from under mine, then, as I pressed hard against her crutch, she squirmed to adjust the spot my fingers were pressing on.

"No move your hand, please. Tell me before you move it, or dssss! it come out."

I assure Somsii that I would give her plenty of warning before I moved my hand. As far as I was concerned, this was a dream come true, to be holding the crutch of a desperate girl, and I was going to keep my hand there as long as she would let me. This was, I estimated afterwards, nearly ten minutes, and near the end of that time Somsii was clearly fighting with all her might to hold back her pee, groaning and clenching her thighs together. I was doing my best to help her, holding her crutch as hard as I could, but she was reaching the limit of her endurance. The crutch of her knickers felt quite wet, either from sweat or small leaks, and I was expecting to feel a warm spurt any moment when Somsii finally admitted she could not wait any longer.

"Please, I must go pee-pee now! It come out now, I can no hold it in any longer!" She was holding her crutch with both hands pressing on my hand, frantic as she felt herself losing control.

"Ok, you can go now if it's that bad." I took my hand away and she needed no second offer. Somsii fled to the bathroom, holding her crutch with one hand as she ran. I followed, meaning to tell her that she was to crouch on the tiled floor not sit on the loo, so I could watch her pee, but she was too quick for me. Knickers pulled down to her knees, she was already on the loo and let go a tremendous gush of high pressure pee, far harder and longer than she had in the bar. I counted slowly to 25 before the pressure dropped, and reached 40 before she finished. (20 and 10-12 seconds, I later estimated.) I had never heard anyone pee with so much pressure before. It may not have compared with either the volume or torrent that some claim on the Internet, but it clearly represented the absolute limit for Somsii.

As she finished her pee and stood up, wearing only tiny black knickers and a white blouse, I hugged her to me. She looked distressed after her ordeal, and I wanted to comfort her. "Thank you Somsii, I have always wanted to see a girl want to pee-pee badly, and help her wait. Thank you for letting me do it to you."

She looked anxiously at the clock, "How long do I wait?"

I had forgotten I was timing her, but quickly calculated, "Forty-one minutes."

"You say I have to wait one hour, but I cannot. I try so hard, but it start to come out. I show you." She placed my hand between her legs, where her knickers were definitely wet. She must have let a spurt go in the final dash across the room, showing just how desperately she had wanted to go.

Still hugging her tightly, I reassured her that it did not matter that she had not lasted the full hour, and I understood that she had waited as long as she possibly could. Since this was a business deal, I calculated how much she had earned holding her pee, then added a generous tip, and told her she was free to go home if she wanted to. She looked surprise and hurt at this offer. "You no like me? You angry with me because I pee-pee to soon?"

"Exactly the opposite," I told her, "I want you to stay, but it is up to you, you can go now if you want."

To my delight, she declined this offer and stayed the rest of the night, allowing me to re-live the pleasure of holding her crutch, though I did not ask her to hold her pee again.

