Title: Camping with a Twist

By: Graham

All places and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to any real locations/people is coincidental. I also in no way condone drinking and driving.

Imagine a leafy glade on a pleasant summers' day. A stream gurgles nearby, children can be heard laughing merrily in the distance. A campsite miles from anywhere; no buildings, no modern plumbing, lots of females drinking lots of beer -

Ahem.

Back to the story.

Bob and Jerry sat outside their tent. They were not happy.

They had arrived at the site in Bob's beat-up old van yesterday morning. They'd quickly and expertly set up their tent in the designated campsite area that had been recommended to them by the tourist office in the town they had passed through earlier that week. It was supposed to be a popular site with campers because of the wonderful scenery, and that it was a long way from civilisation. To Bob this meant "female company". To Jerry this meant "female company".

Oh it was popular alright. There were plenty of families with small, annoying kids running about the place. There was even a noisy scout troop camped over the far side. But young, gorgeous females needing help with their tents? No chance.

That was why Bob and Jerry were not happy.

They sat glumly, looking around - not daring to make eye contact with each other, knowing they were both thinking exactly the same thing.

The two young men had been friends for about three years now, and this was the second time they had been camping together. They had met when Bob had started work in the same company Jerry was in. They had immediately liked each other when they met and had become firm friends.

The previous camping trip had been a fantastic holiday for both of them. They had decided to make it a regular event. So a week ago they had loaded up Bob's van with all the essentials for a good camping trip - beer, cans of baked beans, beer, a gas stove, beer - oh and the tent ("Do you think we've got enough beer?" asked Jerry before they left - and he was serious!)

Now, after a week of trawling around various camp sites their friendship was getting a bit strained. To cap it all it had rained constantly for the first five days and they were only now beginning to dry out.

Just then, an argument started up near where the scout troup was sitting around their camp fire. A female voice could be heard shouting and swearing at someone. Out of the trees nearby ran two young women. They headed straight for Bob and Jerry.

The two ladies stopped in front of the men. They were bent over and panting hard from running.

"Just pretend you know us - please!" said the blond girl to the two guys. Her voice had a pleading tone that could not be ignored. Jerry looked at Bob and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, "What have we got to lose - let's go along with it."

"OK. Sit down."

Jerry moved over and the girls sat down on the blanket. The blond girl said, "I'm Erica and this is Sam."

"Bob. Jerry," said Bob, finishing the introductions.

A middle-aged man came out of the trees and run up to the four sitting on the blanket. He was very red-faced and breathing hard. He also looked very angry. He looked from Erika to Sam and back again. Then he seemed to notice the two men for the first time. He took in their considerable muscular frames and suddenly decided that whatever it was - it wasn't worth risking a confrontation. He growled to himself and stomped off.

The two girls immediately rolled over onto their backs and started laughing and hugging each other. After a few seconds they got under control but when they looked at each other they burst out laughing again! Jerry and Bob sat and watched them, smiling and thinking that maybe this wasn't going to be such a bad trip after all. Both the girls were wearing figure hugging t-shirts and cutoff jeans.

An hour later the four were getting on famously. They had gone into the forest and rescued the girls' camping gear, which they had left behind after running away from the "mean farmer" who had chased them off his land. Erika and Samantha were sisters and about the same age as Bob and Jerry. It was their first time camping and they had already upset two farmers and a family of fellow campers whose tent they had almost destroyed.

However, there was no getting away from the fact that this particular camp site was a bit lacking in excitement. Also, it might be dangerous to stick around if the farmer came back with reinforcements.

Erika said, "There's supposed to be a good site a few miles from here - but we hitched our way here so we need a ride."

The guys didn't need any more encouragement and Bob said, "Let's pack up and go!"

So the two girls gave the guys a hand in packing up their tent and loading their combined gear into Bob's van. Then, with Bob driving and Erika sitting up front giving directions, and Jerry and Sam in the back of the van, they set off.

As the old van bumped and bounced over the dirt track that led away from the campsite, it quickly became obvious that it was going to be a difficult journey. The van creaked and complained under the increased weight of two extra passengers and their cargo. Jerry shouted over the noise to Bob, "You think that by next year you might have bought a new van?" He was sort of joking but he was privately thinking that they might not make it to the new campsite.

Bob kept the speed down to below 20 mph to try to lessen the strain on the axles - and on the rear-end of Jerry and Sam who were being thrown about in the back! But keeping the speed down caused another problem. They had only gone a couple of miles when steam started to pour out of the front of the van.

"Uh-oh!" cried Bob. He pulled over to the side of the road as best he could and stopped the engine.

"What do we do now?" asked Sam, rubbing her sore behind.

"We'll have to wait for the engine to cool down," replied Bob. "Erica, how far do you think we are from the campsite?"

"It's not much further. A couple of miles I think."

"Well I'm not sitting in here all day. I'm gonna stretch my legs," said Jerry, and he opened the back doors of the van and got out. Bob climbed out of the drivers side and the girls followed.

They stood at the side of the road and looked around. The forest was behind them and they were surrounded by open fields. There was a low fence running along the side of the track. There were no buildings in sight.

"I need a leak," said Jerry.

"Yeah, me too," added Bob. "Must have been that breakfast of beer we had this morning. You two wouldn't mind staying here to look after the van would you?"

"No, no. You go on," said Sam.

So the two men wandered off to look for a convenient bush.

Erika sighed.

"What's wrong?" asked Sam.

"I could do with a wee as well. Maybe I could squat down here."

"You can't do that! The guys'd see the puddle when they came back. God that'd be so embarrassing!"

"Yeah, you're right. I guess I can hold it."

A few minutes later Bob and Jerry returned and Bob opened the bonnet of the van. "The radiator's cooling down a bit now. I think we should wait a while yet though," he said.

"How long?" asked Sam. Erika thought she noticed a little urgency in her tone of voice. She thought to herself, "I know how she feels. I haven't been for ages either."

"There's no rush is there?" asked Bob. "No I suppose not," replied Sam, a crease forming on her brow.

Bob climbed in the back of the van and shortly returned with some beers. "Might as well make the most of the time," he said happily, handing a can to each of the other three. Sam gave Erika a sidelong glance - a pained expression on her face.

Four releases of gas were heard as they each opened their can. Bob and Jerry started knocking back their beer and sat by the side of the track in the sun. "Come on. Sit down here with us and relax," said Jerry.

The girls sat down, Sam on the left of Jerry and Erika on the right of Bob. Sam sipped at her beer. She didn't want to seem ungrateful by not drinking as the guys had been really friendly and generous - helping them out with the farmer and giving them a lift. But at the same time she didn't want to increase the pressure building in her bladder by drinking beer - the one thing that made her want to pee more than any other. She was thinking about having to carry on the journey in the back of the van, bouncing up and down on the hard wooden bench, with her poor little bladder screaming for relief.

Erika was having exactly the same thought. They had spent the night in the farmers field and, because of the argument and the subsequent chase earlier that day, she had not been to the loo since this morning.

Time passed slowly. There was little noise except for the animals and the occasional ticking from the cooling radiator. After about 20 minutes Sam said, "Shouldn't we be moving on now. The time's getting on and I want to be set up at the site before it gets too late." She had managed to drink about half her can of beer.

"Yeah I guess we could try the van now. Drink up ladies and we'll be on our way." Bob stood and looked expectantly from Sam to Erika and back again. "I can't believe it!" thought Sam to herself. "He's standing there waiting for us to finish our beers! I can't do it - I can't!" But somehow she managed to down the rest of her beer. All she could think of was that hopefully it wouldn't take too long to get to the site and she could finally GO!

Erika stood and tipped back her can - then she "accidentally" dropped it, spilling the contents into the dirt road. "Whoops!" she said. Sam knew that she had dropped the can on purpose so that she didn't have to drink it. "Why didn't I think of that," Sam thought.

This time, Jerry insisted on riding shotgun so Sam and Erika climbed into the back of the van. Bob started up the engine and gingerly pulled away. As the van picked up speed, so the ride in the back became rougher. Sam put her hand between her legs and pushed up. Erika gave her a look but realised that the guys couldn't see from where they were sitting, and so she too started to hold herself.

Sam leaned over so that she could whisper in Erika's ear. "I can't believe you. You spilled your drink on purpose!"

Erika whispered back, "I had to. There was no way I could drink it - I'm bursting!"

Sam had been so busy worrying about her own predicament that she hadn't realised that her friend was just as bad off as she was - maybe even worse. They sat close together as the van bounced and bumped its way up the road. It seemed to the girls that they were hardly moving forward at all, yet every bump sent a shock wave through their bodies, increasing the desperation.

Erika was now pushing up with both hands between her legs as hard as she could. Even though they were being shaken by the movement of the van it would have been obvious to anyone who looked that they were also fidgeting madly. Neither girl could sit still. Erika constantly moved her legs this way and that, bumping them into Sam. This caused Sam to fidget herself even more. They looked despairingly at each other.

It was all Sam could do to stop herself from just letting go. After the thought of the embarrassment earlier of the guys seeing a puddle in the road she almost didn't care now if she wet herself. She thought about letting out a little but knew she wouldn't be able to stop if she started.

After what seemed the longest journey of the girls' life, Bob finally announced, "We're here!"

Both girls virtually shouted with relief. Finally they would be able to pee. Bob drove over to a vacant space on the campsite, although he didn't have to look too hard - it was almost deserted. As soon as the van stopped Erika had the back doors open and both girls got out, looking madly around for the toilet block. But there were no buildings to be seen anywhere!

Bob and Jerry joined them near the back of the van. "It looks like this site is even more basic than the last one," said Bob. "Hey are you ok?" He was looking at the two girls who were almost bent over double with their hands tightly grabbing their shorts.

Erika was the first to crack. She waddled/ran over to the edge of the site which was just a few yards away and disappeared behind a four foot line of bushes. Sam was right behind her.

From the van the guys looked at each other as they heard two deep sighs quickly followed by twin splattering sounds as both girls were finally able to release the pee they had been holding for so long. The noise was unavoidable as the girls let the flood go. Bob looked at Jerry and Jerry looked back at Bob with his eyebrows raised.

After an age the girls returned. They saw that the guys had started to unload the van and set up the tents and they both silently thanked their luck at finding two understanding men. They had both thought that the guys would make a big joke out of their situation - but they should have known better.

Later, as the four sat cosily snuggled up in Bob and Jerrys' tent, drinking beers, talking and laughing, Bob said gently, "I understand if you don't want to answer this - but why didn't you say something earlier about wanting a pee? I would have stopped the van."

Sam looked at Erika. "What do you think?" she asked her.

"Well - OK. If you want to tell them."

Sam was feeling pleasantly tipsy by this time and so her inhibitions were fading. She looked from Bob to Jerry and started, "Well... the thing is... This is hard to explain."

"The thing is," continued Erika, "we've both put off having a wee before. It's sort of exciting for us."

"But," Sam took over, "we've never held on for that long before, and we don't normally do it where there isn't a toilet handy."

"How do you mean 'It's exciting'?" asked Jerry.

"It can be pleasant for some girls - having a full bladder and releasing it," answered Sam.

Jerry looked at Bob, a knowing smile growing on his face.

"So," said Jerry in a rather dramatic voice, "you've been knocking back our beers like there's no tomorrow."

"Yes," Bob picked up his line of thought, "they must be going right through you!"

From Bob's tent could be heard much laughter.

That night was a most incredible night for all of them!

