My name is Molly and my friend is Steffine. One day my neighbor asked us to babysit for their 5 year old girl and 8 year old boy. We went there right after school and Steffine didn't have time to stop at the bathrooms because the owner of the house said that we had to be there right after school. It was a long walk to their house. On our way there she said "we gotta hurry, I haven't stopped at the toilets since lunch." So we started to pick up the pace to get to their house. Halfway there she said "Stop for a second" she then hunched over and put her hands in her crotch and started to groan. I asked her if she was alright and she said she was just fine and that she could make it. She regained herself and we continued on. We reached the house and I dropped one of my books. I bent down to pick it up and looked over at Steffine. I saw her hunched over again and clutching her crotch as a little droplet of piss ran down her leg. Luckily she was wearing a skirt and there was no wet spot. Seeing her in her desperation made my bladder start to throb. I stood up and I put my hand in my crotch and then I opened the door. He was expecting us. As soon as we walked in I watched Steffine run to the bathroom. I followed slowly so I didn't have my own accident. When I turned the corner I saw Steffine pleading with the eight year old boy, who was in the bathroom with the door locked. Steffine was having problems, she was hunched over and grabbed her crotch violently. I remembered that there was another bathroom in the house and I told her that it was upstairs. She went running up the stairs. The next thing I heard was a harsh scream. I ran to see what happened. She was sitting on the stairs crying. I looked down the stairs and there was a trail of piss all the way up to where she was and there was a big puddle. She pulled me down by my top to comfort her. My bladder ached as I hit the stairs with a thud. She was crying and she put her arms around me. I put my hands into my crotch holding on tightly. She kept crying on my shoulder and every time a tear hit my arm, my bladder ached more and more. A little trickle of piss hit my panties. I started to wonder if I got up would I be able make it. I told her that I needed to go to the bathroom – now! I got up and made my way to the upstairs bathroom. The next thing I now the 5 year old ran into the bathroom and slammed the door in my face. I begged and pleaded with her to hurry. I hunched over and grabbed my crotch and groaned in agony. All of a sudden I felt myself go. I covered my mouth with my hand as I watched a wet spot appear in my jean shorts. I was crying as I felt it run down my legs. I came back and sat down next to Steffine. When my butt hit I heard a squish and my face turned instantly red. Later the two children went to play in the backyard and we went down to the laundry room. We washed our panties first, then my shorts and her skirt. When our panties were done we put them on, they were still a little wet from the wash, and then we heard the door slam. The shorts and skirt were in the wash and we couldn't get them dry in time. So we decided to come clean. It was the mother of the two children. She asked us why we were in our panties and so we told her everything. She told us that she has had that problem as well with her two children.
Molly