Wedding Trouble

by Desperation Lover

Karen was in the middle of the happiest day of her sister's life. She was getting married to the man of her dreams and everything was playing out like a Cinderella wedding. The ceremony was beautiful and there wasn't a dry eye in the house, but Karen was starting to realize she had a problem on her hands. She was wearing a red, short-sleeve blouse, her black mini skirt and her black thong, and she really needed to pee. The pain wasn't too bad yet, but she knew that the liter of water and that tall Frappuccino from Starbucks she had drunk that morning wanted to come out now.

Karen was confident in her ability to maintain control of her bladder. She once went five hours at work without taking a leak and she was still able to make it home with dry panties. However, the minister was running a little long with his sermon and well wishes for the bride and groom, and this only made Karen think about her bladder even more.

Karen was able to sit quite still through most of the ceremony without any movement that would indicate the urgency of her situation, but while the minister was saying the closing prayer, she felt a sudden surge on her bladder.

"Hurry up and finish already", she said in a whisper to herself. "I can't afford to test my limits today."

She was able to cut it off easily and barely moved in her seat, but she was now crossing her legs and she knew that she needed to get to the nearest toilet as soon as she got out of the church.

Karen was a polite young lady and she didn't want to do or say anything that would disturb the perfection of her sister's big day. Finally everyone was given permission to leave the building and she wasted no time getting out of the church, as her car was almost a block away because of the limited size of the church's parking lot.

"Oh damn, my car is like a mile away," she said in soft mumble. "If I can just get to my car, I'll be home free."

As she hurried out of the church, she felt another push from her bladder. She had to stop in her tracks for this one and cross her legs a little bit. She knew she didn't have much time, so she would have to get in her car quickly and get to the reception hall before everyone else did.

Once she got in her car, she quickly fastened her seatbelt and put her key in the ignition. She had to wait for traffic to clear for about 2 minutes, as there were a lot of guests in attendance at the wedding.

"Hurry the hell up people, I'm gonna explode here!" She waited for the last car to go by and then she got her chance. She floored the gas pedal of her sports car and started speeding toward the reception hall. It was her only chance. Her house was over an hour away and she knew she didn't have that kind of time or strength left in her muscles.

Karen was now really feeling the pain in her abdomen as she got a strong push from her bladder that almost made her lose it. She pressed her legs firmly together to try to suppress the relentless assault on her bladder, but she knew that this wouldn't help her for too long. It was going to take at least 20 minutes to get to the reception hall. Karen saw the freeway entrance and quickly switched to cruise control so that she could cross her legs.

"Oh my God I have to pee!! If I don't get to the hall in less than 20 minutes I think I'm gonna lose it." She had one hand on the steering wheel and the other was pressing hard on her thigh. She was starting to rock back and forth a little bit in her seat to relieve some of the pressure off her aching bladder, but it wasn't helping her too much. Her skirt was riding up her thigh because of all the rocking she was doing in her seat but it was so tight that she couldn't get her hand on her crotch tight enough to do much good. She did it anyway because she needed all the help she could get if she was going to get out of this without pissing herself on her sister's wedding day. All of a sudden, she heard her cell phone ring.

"Hello," she said in a slightly wavering voice.

"Hey Karen, it's Derrick. Do you think you'll make it to the reception ok?"

Derrick was her boyfriend and she was in no mood to disclose her desperation to him during the drive to the reception hall.

"Yes baby, I am almost there. I'll be there in about 5 minutes." Karen's voice moaned a little bit and Derrick knew that something wasn't right.

"Are you ok, baby? You sound a little worried."

"I'm fine Derrick. I just got a little stomach cramp, that's all."

"Ok... I just wanted to make sure that you were getting to the hall ok and that you didn't get lost."

"Ok, I'll get there even faster if you let me get off the phone and concentrate on driving ok," her voice tensed.

Derrick replied, "See you soon beautiful, I hope that cramp feels better."

She was at the freeway exit when an overwhelming charge from her bladder rushed pee towards her urethra, but she was able to jam her hand into her groin and cross her leg over it in time to keep the damage to only a couple of drops. She knew she was screwed if she didn't find the toilet very soon. She also noticed that the sudden force of her hand going into her groin area busted the seam on the side of her skirt and that is was now going to slide up far enough to make the side of her thong visible.

"Oh shit I just lost some pee!! My thong is not going to hold more than a few drops and I can't show up with a wet spot on the back of my skirt."

By now she was bouncing her knees and rubbing her thighs together as much as she could without taking her foot off the gas pedal and her mind off of getting to the reception hall. She was driving with one hand on the wheel and the other over her abdomen in a last desperate attempt to control the flood waiting to defeat her aching bladder.

As she approached the hall, she could see that finding parking was going to be no easy task. She had to find parking closer than she did at the service or she would wet herself. She could barely move, much less muster the effort and strength to walk over 200 yards to get to the entrance and find the relief she needed so desperately.

Karen was starting to grunt and moan more frequently and urgently now. She was maxing out her ability to hold in the class five rapid she had in her crotch and she knew that she was pushing her luck now. After six agonizing minutes of searching for a place to park, she found the entrance to the VIP parking lot.

"God I wish I had found this sooner. I can't think straight when I have to take a piss this badly. There's gotta be a couple of gallons in there."

Karen turned off her car with her knees bouncing rhythmically on the floor of her car. She took off the seatbelt and turned to unlock the door and she realized that the door was jammed. She starting banging her fist against the steering wheel while pushed her knees together and leaned forward to take some of the stress off. She was starting to panic now, fully aware that she needed to let a torrent of pee out in a hurry and that she was stuck in her car. After 30 seconds of fighting the door jam and squirming desperately in the driver's seat, she leaned against the door ready to accept the fact that she had lost the battle with her bladder.

With that lean, the door cracked open and she was able to open it easily now. She got out of the car very gingerly since it was very low and she would have to relax her muscles for a second while she stood up. She set her left foot on the ground and with one hand on her door and the other slipped into her skirt from the top, she was able to get out of the car successfully, but she lost some pee again, this time a sharp spurt that lasted about a quarter of a second.

She knew that the thong didn't hold, and she saw a noticeable stream trickling it's way down her leg. She had some tissues with her, so she was able to wipe her thighs and keep the damage to a minimum. She started walking towards the hall when another spurt escaped from her urethra. She had to lift one foot off the ground to take a little pressure off her muscles, and once she placed her foot back on the ground, she was bouncing from foot to foot clinging onto her pee for dear life.

"I'm losing it! I am really starting to lose it now. I have never had to take a piss this badly in my life!" Karen moaned. She squatted down to collect herself as best she could and then proceeded towards the hall. She saw that there was almost no one in the main hall yet, and would be able to sneak in and relieve herself before any more people arrived.

"Come on, come on, come on, you're almost there Karen," she said to herself. "I can't let my pee control me.... I have to control my pee... Almost there. I'm breaking my neck for a piss but I'm almost out of the woods."

Karen was breathing fast and the clicking of her heels on the concrete had been obvious ever since she got out of her car, but now she was bouncing her feet at a rapid rate and her desperation was obvious to anyone in the vicinity. She got to the entrance of the hall and she pulled the door open and started to make a final dash for the ladies room, when she miscalculated a step less than 20 feet away from the door to the bathroom and got slightly tripped up. With this mistake she lost another good shot of pee, but she leaned forward and was able to jam both hands into her crotch just in time to prevent a total loss of control. She could feel her muscles quivering from the immense stress and strain of fighting her bladder for so long. She was holding it in on pure adrenaline and fear of embarrassment now.

"I am at my limit. I can't hold back the overwhelming force in my bladder any longer. I am going to erupt!!!"

When she finally got to the door to the ladies room, she was in a fierce pee dance and she could barely get her hand on the doorknob to open it. She was finally going to get redemption for her bladder and a glorious victory for her muscles that had held back an avalanche of pee for so long.

She got into the bathroom and she felt the final push from her bladder. She had hobbled toward the nearest stall and with the toilet so close, her muscles relaxed and now the floodgates were fully opened. She leaned against the door of the stall and tried one last time to cross her legs, but she was powerless against the overwhelming force coming out of her urethra. She could do nothing except listen to the vicious hissing sound of her pee escaping her bladder and the warm feeling going down her legs and pooling on the floor next to her.

The sheer quantity that she was pissing was incredible. The fact that she even made it off the freeway was amazing in and of itself. She cried softly as she finished peeing after what seemed like 10 minutes. Her skirt was soaked, her shoes were very damp, and her thong was so wet that it hung down a good half an inch from her crotch.

Karen stood there wondering what to do next. She could hardly leave without some of the other guests seeing. The thought of such incredible humiliation was more than she could stand, so she entered the stall and sat down on the closed toilet lid. She used toilet paper to wipe her legs, but there was nothing she could do about her pee-drenched skirt. She would just have to stay put until it dried.

