The Predicament

by Camper, March 1996

The story you are about to read is true. The ws/scat/voyeuristic situation is different from any of the stories I have read to date. If you are easily offended, this is a warning to not read any further.

My ex-girlfriend decided to go to an all girls school about an hour away from home. The school was a medium size campus, none the less, it was all girls. At first I was aprehensive about karen being away. The rules for visitation were strict, Very strict. Karen was the quiet shy type (hot looking too) ,and was scared to death of taking chances. It took a great deal of persuasion and Karen seeing her other (gorgeous) friends sneak their mates in and out before she would take the chance with me.

After being there to visit many times I carefully observed that there were simply NO male bathrooms in the dorms. Wow, what a predicament, I thought. At this stage Karen and I had experimented with WS, but I only got to watch her pee while I jerked off. Her stream was weak and often in spurts, I just knew it could be better. I often thought maybe if her stream was faster, it might be more of a turn-on.

Karen was my first real love. I did not want to be with anyone else but somthing was missing for me inspite of her effort. I did not realize until later that there is just somthing so fucking exciting about hearing and watching a women with a strong bladder. Now, at the time I was not aware of the excitement a strong stream would bring. After all, Karen was all I knew. I never had seen or heard a girl piss before. It was just too taboo. The curiosity would soon take control. Little did I know I was about to take risks that could have got me in serious trouble. However, that just made it all the more tempting.

It was my first weekend staying at school with Karen, It was the begining of a two year ladies room adventure for me. I had arrived early that Friday, excited to spend the weekend with my honey. I managed to get in to the building and not get caught, for if I was they would kick me out at midnight. Once I was in, I was not going anywhere at all. I was stuck, for if I was seen after hours by an RA or God forbid "The RD" I was simply fucked, and so was Karen. She and I planned to have plenty of food and stuff to live on for the weekend, so living in the dorm was kind of like camping out.

It was later that night, we had sat around with a bunch of girls and no men. It was fucking great for me. All of us were drinking and eating a great deal. As we continued to hang, it occured to me that all of these women were getting up to go to the bathroom non-stop. That in itself got me hard. It was now my turn, and I had to go bad, but where? There are no men's rooms on this floor. So I was open and asked the girls what I should do? "Oh just use the ladies room, nobody will give a shit!!" one girl exclaimed as the other girls also agreed. "Oh, that's cool." I said trying to contain my excitedness and a huge hard on now! It was decided that one of the (hot) girls would escort me to the ladies room to show me around, a grand tour you might say. 

The Ladies room was huge, 10 wonderful pink stalls with high partitions between each stall. Right behind the stalls on the other side of the wall, 10 shower stalls with partitions and undressing boothes in front of the actual shower stall. "Here ya go, take your pick she said with a smile." Thanks I said with a grin and off she went, back to the room. I only had to piss, but, I sat down anyway to catch my breath and take it all in. I could not believe where I was. I had sweats on with heavy socks. I pulled my sweats down only to my thighs so anyone who might come in would not see my hairy legs. Yes, I guess I was hiding out. I was only there a minute or two when the thought of another girl whom I had never met or seen before might come in to piss or shit. 

I was scared, what would I do? Would I stay or lose the balls to sit and wait it out. I was only with a handful of women back at the room, probably another sixty women on that floor of which I did not know at all. What If I got caught? Well I thought of every excuse known to man for being in the womens room, but I was not even supposed to be in the frig'n Dorm!! What then? Would Karen get expelled from school? Kicked out of the dorm?? She is probably shitting her pants right now. Well, wouldn't you know it, In the few seconds that I was drowning in my thoughts of terror, a beautiful 18 year old girl on that floor had to piss, and bad. There I sat... shivering, (It was cold in there) and nervous with a huge hard-on. Too late now, I am stuck in here!!!

The ladies room door BURST open, my eyes poped out of my skull. I could see her in the mirror opposing the stalls. Could she see me? No, the crack was too small in my stall door and there are no lights above the stalls. It is was old building lucky for me. I can could her, as the mirrors had lights above them. It was perfect, and so was she. A young blond, blue eyed slender girl with partially developed breasts that would bloom to perfection. Suddenly she looked my way, which stall will she ???.....

The door opens beside me and slam!! The justifying began immediatly. It was ok though, I thought to myself. I was escorted in by a girl, somebody knows I am in here. Several girls know I am in here, It's ok. It's not like I crept in here, hoping for this to happen. I was still totally invading her right to pee in private regaurdless of my excuses. Screw that I thought, not knowing If this would be the first and last time this would happen.

The girl wearing a short plaid skirt with white stockings and no shoes was doing an about face to the stall door she just slammed, and locked. Of course I was looking under the partition with my head back in such a way I guessed I would not be seen, but could witness all.

My dick to this day has not ever reached the peak of hardness as it did that day. This girl was about to pull up her preppy, plaid skirt and..... Quickly, down came the stockings and up with the skirt. She hovered over the bowl, skirt up. This beautiful blond has just the slightest amount of hair on her pussy. I could not believe what I was witnessing as I frantically grabbed my cock to jerk it awaiting the yellow gush. What would It sound like? I could barely see her face as she crouched over. Squatting almost as if to show off her pussy. Maybe she liked watching it come out.

She released a grunt as if to push. Now she was breathing heavy and so was I. Another grunt and finally a yellow burst you could only dream of, gushing out of her bright pink pee hole. Seperate from her stream, a clear liquid ejected down like honey. Was that normal, maybe she was horney? It was hanging from the lips of her pussy, dangling, thick and creamy as her stream rushed thru the peehole just above. I figured it was cum dripping out from within her beautiful hole that I could only admire. My heart was racing so loud I was afraid she would hear it. I tried to calm down but I blew the load right in the toilet, making a splash.

I just kept cumming endlessly. It was my first multiple orgasm. I was straining my ears to listen and my eyes were busting out to view her lucious young sweet smelling pussy under her preppy, prudish looking plaid skirt. More grunting as she pushes harder and the spraying sound grew again hissing as if she had a tiny pee pee hole. Now a quiet fart as she leaned to the opposite side to pull paper. I carefully watched thinking and knowing I just blew the load of my life and almost ripped the head off my cock. It was just when I thought it was over that I heard another grunt.

After, there was nothing but silence for a moment. Suddenly I could here her pushing, I looked under again only to see her slightly lower to the seat. Her legs closer together as she pushed arms folded now across her young, firm breasts. A light hiss from her anus. I could here a quiet crackling. Another push and more crackling, a splash and a hiss from her ass. She groaned as if nobody was around. uuuhhhhnnnnngggghh....

A sigh.. plop, more grunting and crackling from her what was sure to be a pretty pink anus. I blew another load quietly as she spread the front of her light pink pussy to wipe. Then her hand to her backside as she leaned over again for me to see her soft skinned hands wipe that beautiful smooth, round, ass clean. I was given the best view possible aside from having her on my face. A couple more wipes and slowly up came the stockings as if she were tired. I managed to get a great view of her lovely face as she left. Her skin was flawless, face and body. She had the look of innocense from her head down to her plaid preppy skirt. I will never forget her.

This was the beginning of a two year endeavor for me. Eventually most of the girls in that dorm got to know me. Some even greeted me as they came in to do there business and would talk to me.I saw the blond girl again, but never got to know her. I never saw her in the ladies room after that special day. Who knows what they thought, I think some of them knew that I was jerking off and got off on it. Sometimes my ex would come in to the ladies room not knowing I arrived and that I was in the ladies room. I knew her walk and sounds so well.

Listening to her in the ladies room became a turn-on as well. I got to hear things that she wouldn't share with me. Oddly, it made me feel closer to her even without her knowing I was there. Maybe, possibly, it was because it was still that much more I knew and shared with her. I guess I felt it was definetly somthing no other man would ever share with her, should we break up someday. I guess it is part of what made the relationship special besides being her first.

I have a many stories like this....all true. Here is a teaser for my next one; Two girls come into the ladies room. The girls ended up in the stalls on either side of me. One was one totally desperate and stated she had not pissed in two days. She thought her girlfriend was in the stall next to her (but it was me). She stated that she held it in so long she could not go and would her girlfriend help!? This got very scary for me and erotic for them.....

