Sharon had enjoyed her time at North Hill Military Academy, but she was quite glad to return home after six weeks of physically and mentally demanding training. Not only had she learned some valuable life skills, she had also discovered some activities she really enjoyed– rock climbing, paintballing, target shooting, even wetting her pants. The trainers had stressed that the girls were contractually obliged to keep silent about what had taken place over the past six weeks and were not even permitted to talk to each other about the camp once they had left the premises. The organizers of the training had even gone so far to mail the girls' houses, specifically asking their families to refrain from asking questions.
Sharon's memories of the wetting experiences turned out to be her favourites of the entire training experience. There had ended up being a number of days where a full bladder was used to stimulate anxiety and a high pressure situation. Sharon had found incredible excitement in being desperate to pee beyond her control before finally surrendering to the laws of nature and soaking her jeans. This was all the more exciting in instances she had been in view of others, especially boys. She had wet her panties in the shower a few times at home knowing that they would dry quickly, but was worried about peeing in anything else. She was worried her mom would find her wet clothes and know what she had done.
Sharon had to register for fall courses just a few days after returning home. She had talked to several friends taking second year classes during the summer and had heard some intriguing stories about school. A new professor had just started teaching a Psychology course at Fairmont College, Ms. Kathy Stewart. Sharon had immediately signed up for her class after hearing about what had happened over the summer. Kathy could be described as innovative, even controversial. As part of her class, she had experimented with forced dating. The male and female students in the class were paired off and had been required to spend a minimum of 3 hours per week with each other. Each individual had kept a log of everything that had happened, including his or her feelings towards the other person after each "date." These logs were handed in at the end of the semester for marks and several new relationships had formed from the experiment, including two which had abruptly ended old relationships.
Being single all her life, Sharon welcomed an opportunity to date someone, even under this unconventional format. Both of her friends who had taken the class had insisted that she HAD to take course, simply because it was so unlike any other class in college, an absolute eye–opening and fun experience. Sharon felt a bit skeptical about it, especially if she got stuck "dating" someone who wasn't really her type. She had decided to sign up for the class anyway, deciding that she could drop it before the semester started if she changed her mind.
Before she knew it, September was here and Sharon was back in school. Psychology 241 was her last class of the week, on Friday morning. Unfortunately, it was her only morning class and she forgot to set the alarm. She ended up waking up twenty–five minutes before she was supposed to be present for the lecture. Moving as fast as possible, she rushed into the bathroom for a quick pee, not even bothering to wipe. She pulled her panties up and grabbed the first item of clothing she could find, her tight–fitting jeans from military camp. The tank top she had worn to bed was good enough– she pulled a thin jacket over it. With no time to brush, she quickly rinsed with mouthwash and pulled a baseball cap over her messy light brown hair.
On her way out, Sharon quickly gulped down a cup of coffee and grabbed a water bottle to sip in case her stomach started rumbling in class. She started up the car with fifteen minutes to go and pulled out of the driveway anxiously. Traffic turned out to be a problem, with many people commuting to work. Sharon ended up drinking most of the water bottle trying to calm her nerves, stuck behind slow–moving traffic. She hated being late, especially for a first lecture.
Sharon ended up arriving to class ten minutes late. As she opened the door to enter the classroom, everyone's attention diverted to her including the professor, Kathy. Kathy was an absolute fox, not even in her thirties yet. Her dark green eyes stood out from her lightly tanned face. She had sleek black hair flowing down in light waves to her mid back. She was quite slim, but had curves in all the right places. The boys in her classes were always early, trying to get seats as close to the front as possible. Kathy really used her looks well and always presented herself seductively at the front of her desk, rather than on the chair behind it. Today, she was dressed in a form–fitting white t–shirt and a colourful summer skirt that did not quite reach her knees.
"Ah, our first late student! What to do with her, class?" Kathy questioned, as Sharon scanned the classroom quickly for an empty seat. It was a rhetorical question. "Up here, Miss! I've got a seat for you!" she called out to Sharon, just as she was about to head to the only empty desk in the classroom. Perplexed and embarrassed, Sharon walked to the front of the class. Kathy gestured her to sit down at the desk and squinted her eyes purposefully in thought. She asked Sharon to write her name on the board and then seat herself at the instructor's desk in front of the classroom. Kathy rummaged through her knapsack and pulled out a bottle of tequila.
After Sharon had seated herself, Kathy addressed the class. "I was saving this bottle of tequila for a friend's birthday party tonight, but I think we have found a better use for it. Since Ms. Gersth here has wasted all of our time, I think she owes us some of HER time." Kathy paused for impact and also to glance back mischievously at Sharon's pale face.
"Now, I am going to take a seat with you guys for the next hour and we will all listen to her lecture us. She is free to talk about any topic related to Psychology, but every time she stalls, we will ask her to drink a shot. Is that fair, class?" Not surprisingly, the entire class was quite interested to see an attractive brunette get drunk in front of forty people, so there were no objections whatsoever.
Kathy smugly seated herself amongst the audience and stared expectedly at Sharon seated in front of the classroom. More nervous than she had ever been in her life, Sharon opened her mouth to introduce herself, only to move her lips wordlessly. "Feel free to drink up if your lips are dry, Sharon." Kathy interjected, drawing laughter from the students. Sharon nervously opened the bottle and brought it to her lips with shaking hands. Sharon tried speaking for the second time and managed to introduce herself nervously. After identifying herself as a second year student taking the class as an elective, she started discussing what she had learned in first year classes. She stalled and had to drink twice in the first fifteen minutes, but surprised herself over how well she could still recite most of the material. However, it got much more difficult after that. She went through the details of her labs from last year, how the experiments were done and the implications of the results. She was stalling a lot more, which had led to six more shots of tequila in fifteen minutes, making her very drunk to the point where her speech was quite slurred.
Luckily for Sharon, Ms. Stewart decided that this was enough. She agreed to let her off the hook for the last thirty minutes if she agreed to remain in her seat until the end of the lecture. Kathy stated that she couldn't take the risk of faculty member noticing a student of hers being so intoxicated or Sharon deciding to drive herself home drunk. Sharon gratefully agreed and stood up to walk to the empty desk. She stumbled drunkenly, grabbing the table in front of her to avoid falling. Kathy grabbed her by the waist and guided her to her chair, where Sharon sat down and dropped her head onto the desk in front of her, giggling at her own clumsiness.
Surprisingly, Sharon managed to keep herself awake for the next twenty minutes and even got a few notes down. However, she could feel a rapidly growing urge to pee. She knew from experience that the need to pee would increase quite rapidly due to the diuretic effect of alcohol. She gazed at her watch and saw that there was still an hour left in the class. She told herself that she should be able to hold on until then or at the very least, a bit longer into class, so that Kathy would not be as worried about her leaving the classroom so drunk.
Sharon couldn't get over the feeling that Kathy seemed to be watching her quite closely. Every minute or so, the instructor's eyes would glance over at her, even study her for a few moments sometimes. Sharon figured it was just her monitoring the "bad apple" of the class. She would just have to prove to her she was a good student for the rest of the semester.
Meanwhile, Sharon's bladder was starting to cause her some discomfort now. She wanted to ask for permission to visit the ladies, but was concerned about damaging her reputation further. Several other students had gotten up to use the toilets throughout the lecture, but she was obviously not permitted to leave the classroom. It would be pretty embarrassing having to ask for permission to go and relieve herself; this was college, not elementary school. There were still forty–five minutes left and Sharon had her legs tightly crossed now. She was feeling less confident about being able to hold her pee until the end of the lecture. She was desperately hoping that Kathy would end the class early like some of her other professors did. It wasn't looking good at this point, as she was still covering the introductory course material.
Time seemed to be going agonizingly slow. Sharon couldn't help but squirm in her chair as she stared agonizingly at the clock in the right corner of the classroom. Her desperation seemed to be multiplying by the minute and there were still thirty–five minutes left in the class. She had noticed a few people near her turning their heads to watch her shuffle in her chair. She was quite certain they had put two and two together and knew that all that alcohol was rapidly flowing into her bladder and she would surely need to pee it out soon. It embarrassed her that her predicament was so public and observable for all her classmates to see. Sharon decided that there was no point in making herself suffer any more, since everyone probably knew she needed to use the bathroom anyway. She raised her hand.
"Yes, Ms. Gersth?" Kathy asked, though she knew perfectly well what was coming. She had been monitoring Sharon for signs of desperation and knew that the poor girl needed to pee quite badly by now.
"Can I be excused for a minute, please?" Sharon asked.
"You agreed to remain at your desk until I ended the lecture. Is there a reason I should let you go?" As Kathy said this, Sharon crossed her legs even tighter as the thought of possibly being allowed to visit the toilets made her bladder contract in anticipation.
"I need to use the bathroom," Sharon replied, visibly embarrassed. She was still quite drunk; the alcohol numbed some of the embarrassment of asking for permission to pee, but she felt quite humiliated.
"I think you are just going to have to hold it, Sharon. That is not nearly a good enough excuse to be let off for your tardiness. The class is going to be over soon then you are free to do whatever you need to. Until then, you will just have to behave like a proper adult and take your punishment. I'm sorry." A girl behind Sharon giggled adding to her embarrassment.
There was still a good half hour to go and Sharon was starting to suspect that Kathy would drag on the lecture until the last minute to make her suffer as much as possible. Sharon was feeling urges to hold her crotch to help relieve some of the pressure on her vaginal muscles, but knew that wasn't an option with so many people around. She wondered how much attention she had drawn to herself by announcing her need for the toilet. People would surely be watching her now to see just how badly she needed to pee.
Another ten minutes ticked by and Sharon could no longer sit still. She was squirming constantly in her chair, trying to find a comfortable position. She really NEEDED to go now and was fighting the impulse to shove her fingers into her crotch. She could sense a lot of people watching her, but dared not to look back at them. She could even hear a few whispers and giggles about how badly she was squirming. She just HAD to hold on. She simply could not wet herself in class in front of everyone. The story would spread across the campus like wildfire. Sharon shifted to raise her left leg up under her– this way she could sit on her heel and exert pressure on her vagina without making it too obvious.
"Are you doing ok there, Sharon?" Kathy asked suddenly, interrupting her own lecture.
Sharon stammered that she was fine, but Kathy was not ready to let up there. "Are you sure? You're sitting on your foot now– you must be pretty desperate."
Sharon's face turned beet red in humiliation; she didn't even know what to say in reply. She fought back tears as laughter echoed all around her. Fortunately, Kathy continued on with the lecture after a quick chuckle. She was talking about the dating simulation now, but had changed the rules a bit from last semester. Students had until next class to select a classmate to "date", but it had to be someone they did not know. Kathy said that if she had reason to believe the couple had known each other prior to the game, they would receive a zero grade for the log, which was worth 20%. Sharon wondered who would ever want to date her if she wet her pants in class like a second grader. Her bladder convulsed suddenly and she had to quickly grab her crotch to prevent herself from losing control into her panties. She saw Kathy smile at her; she seemed to be really enjoying the show. Sharon let go of her crotch once she felt like she had regained control of her bladder, but immediately felt a squirt escape her pussy lips and had to quickly reinsert her fingers into her pussy. She had no choice but to hold herself in front of everyone now or she would surely soak her jeans.
There were only ten minutes left now, but every passing minute felt like an eternity. Even with her hand clinching her vagina, Sharon had started to leak in her jeans. Several squirts escaped her and she was quite sure there was a puddle on her seat. At this point, she was focusing all of her attention and mental strength on not releasing the ocean in her bladder all over the classroom floor. She noticed that the students around her had picked up their bags from the floor and placed them strategically on their laps, undoubtedly sensing an imminent flood flowing out from their classmate. Sharon wondered if anyone had already noticed she had started to wet herself. Perhaps a few drops had already spilled over from the chair onto the floor.
To Sharon's surprise, Kathy abruptly dismissed the class five minutes early. It took a moment for the news to sink in and she quickly got up gripping her crotch. She was finally free! Abandoning her possessions, she hobbled towards the door before any of the other students who were packing up. Everyone could see her soaked butt, but Sharon didn't care. All that mattered now was getting to a toilet and finally releasing her long–held waters. The nearest washrooms were about a minute's walk away. For Sharon in her desperate condition, that walk was considerably longer. She spurted a few times as she made her way through the halls in pain.
By the time she got to the toilets, her jeans had wet streaks down to her knees. Sharon opened the door to see another desperate student undoing her belt as she rushed into a cubicle. Sharon hobbled into the free cubicle next to her and tried to undo her own jeans. She heard the girl in the next cubicle start peeing into the toilet and heard her release an ecstatic sigh of relief. It was too much. Sharon lost complete control as she continued to try to undo her jeans. She peed forcefully into the denim cloth for a good two seconds before she was finally able to undo the buckle, pull her jeans down, and plant her ass on the toilet to pee a mighty stream through the crotch of her panties.
Sharon closed her eyes, overwhelmed by the intense relief of finally letting go. For a few precious moments, nothing else in the world seemed to matter other than sweet, blissful relief she felt of releasing her bladder's contents into the toilet bowl. However, the nirvana was short–lived. As she finished peeing, Sharon came to the realization that her jeans were absolutely soaked and she would have to make her way through the halls back to the classroom to get her stuff and then back to her car, in soaked jeans. Her mother would surely see the accident and ask her what had happened. Still seated on the toilet, Sharon started sobbing softly not knowing what to do.
She heard a sharp knock on her cubicle door and quickly stopped crying, wiping her eyes with her tank top. "Just a minute!" she called out, trying to keep her voice as steady as she could. She realized that there was no point in remaining in the washroom. She would undoubtedly have to go out and face the situation eventually. She pulled her jeans up and saw that they were indeed soaked right down to her shoes. Blushing heavily, she unlocked the door, knowing the girl waiting outside would see that she hadn't made it to the toilet in time.
It was Kathy. Wordlessly, she pushed Sharon back onto the toilet and planted herself on the student's lap. She looked deep into Sharon's blue eyes and lifted up her skirt. Sharon could only stare amazed at her professor's light pink panties as they darkened rapidly and pee poured out from the crotch. She pissed for a full minute all over Sharon's lap, who realized her professor must have been quite desperate as well. As Kathy finished peeing, she impulsively rubbed her crotch against her student's leg enjoying the sensation of the rough denim cloth on her clitoris.
"I brought your stuff for you, Sharon," Kathy gasped softly as she got up from Sharon's lap and pulled her skirt back down. Her tone was much gentler now compared to how she had addressed Sharon in class. Sharon looked up, still in shock, as Kathy handed over her bag and purse.
"I'm sorry about how things went in class today. Would you like to come over to my place to get cleaned up?" Sharon could only nod her head, amazed at the kinder side of her professor. As she stood up, Kathy reached around and gave her wet butt a firm squeeze. As they walked together leaving behind a wet trail and more than a few shocked students, Sharon realized that a little humiliation was a small price to pay for the fun that was coming next.
By: Full Bladder