Walking In the Woods
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by WiiChiick86 on October 2nd, 2009 at 10:58PM

This, again happened back in High School, with the same group of friends as my sleepover story, however, this was two summers later. And by this time, I had my friends interested in holding. Not as much as a turn on, just as something to do. 

Ill use the same names as last time: Kathy, Rachel, Megan, Lindsey and me.

We had all been sitting around at Rachel's house drinking coke and watching TV. My mom and rachels mom were good friends, and they liked to go walking in the town park as an excercise, we would often go and walk on a different trail than them. Rachels mom asked us if we wanted to go, we all said yes, then she went upstairs to change. 

"I gotta pee before we leave" said Lindsey.

"Me too", said rachel

"Why dont we all drink a bottle of water and wait untill we get back?" suggested Kathy. 

We all smiled and agreed. I didnt have to go bad, but I knew once the water hit my bladder I would. 

The path we took usally took about an hour to walk. Walking wasnt so bad, it was after we finished the walk that became a problem. Our parents had called us on Kathys cell phone and told us that they had taken the wrong trail and would be another half hour. Now that we were sitting on benches near the car we all really had to pee. It was a nice day in the park that day, and there were alot of joggers, so peeing in the woods wasnt an option, and the bathrrom was closed due to vandals. 

I was banging me kneeys together under the table. Lindsey was squirming pretty obviously. Rachel had her legs crossed and was staring intently and the path from the woods. Kathy was bouncing her legs and chatting about something (I forget what) with megan who was across from her. MEgan was shy but had to go pretty bad. She was grinding her forearm across her pussy acting like she was scrathing her leg. 

After what seemed like forever, our parents finally came out of the woods and we crammed int he car. I was pretty desperate, I was turned on by it, but was uncomfortable about not having a toilet around. 

Lindsey and kathy werent to shy, the held themselves with their hands. I bounced and squirmed with my legs, Rachel sat on her heel, and megan kept doing her leg scrating routine. 

We were just a few miles from home when we got a flat, just our luck. We were in the middle of nowhere. "We gotta pee" Rachel spoke up imediatley.

"All of you?" my mom asked "uhhhh yeah" was my response

Down the hill was a small bridge with a stream running under it, We were heading down there to pee under it before the towtruck showed up. Megan said she didnt have to pee and stayed in the car... 

Apparently the running water had affected Kathy a lot more than the rest of us. She tried to pull down her pants and panties and squat in one motion. She ended up pulling her pants down, squatting and losing ctonrol, soaking her panties. The rest of us let go without issue. 

Poor Megan regretted not coming with us. It was half hour before the towtruck came, along with another car sent by the mechanic to pick us up. 

When we got to the autoshop my mom had to fill out some insurance or something... And Megan was still to shy to ask for a bathroom, despite that she had to sit on the bumper of a car in the parking lot and hold herself. 45 minutes later megan had a spot on her the ass of her tight black jeans, we gave her a sweatshirt to put around herself while rachels dad came to pick us up. When we got back to rachels house, her dad went to unlock the door we unpacked the car from everything that been in the other car. Rachels dad reported he had put his key on the wrong key chain and left it at work. "damn, I think I left mine in the glove compartment on the van"

Im not sure if Megan just happened to lose contrl at that moment, or if this news caused her give up, her face turned red and she looked at her feet as the small wet spot flooded her black jeans. 

I never thought I would see Megan wet herself, her pee shyness had cost her. 

Check my page for more!

More stories to come

7 Comments (add your own):

Anonymous Posted by Ranpalan:

Wondeful! Just as I read your previous work, you post up another brilliant story! 

Anonymous Posted by WiiChiick86:

Thanks! Im glad you like my stories so much. I thought of another one, but its kind of long so ill write it tonight when I have more time. 

I need to go shower now so I can meet a friend in town, plus, I havent left my dorm yet this morning and I have to pee pretty bad since I havent gone since yesterday. Ive all ready dribbled a bit and dont want to have to walk down the hall wet. :) 

Anonymous Posted by otagator:

Wow, anonther excellent story! You always seem to have the best experiences. Looking forward to more of your excellent works! 

Anonymous Posted by WiiChiick86:

Well, I can only think of about 2 more real stories. Im in the middle of writing one, ill post that tonight I think, I dont about the next one though. After that maybe ill just start writing fiction since everyone seems to enjoy my stories so much

Thanks for the enouragement. I love this site! 

Anonymous Posted by otagator:

Hey, that's cool. I can only think of a few real, pee-related stories from my life. If everyone shared their 2-3 stories, it would be amazing! And hey, fiction is cool, too. Glad you like EP, I find it's an amazing place to get to know people on a genuine level. 

Anonymous Posted by WiiChiick86:

Thanks! It is a great site. Im gonna post my next story now, after that I have one more which ill probably write tonight or tommorrow and post tommorrow night. 

Then maybe ill slowly work on some fiction or some more true stories If I can remember them. I got a few of my highschool friends into holding on purpose as well... So maybe ill think of something good from that to write about. 

Anonymous Posted by otagator:

Sounds awesome:) I loved your latest story, and as always am looking forward to more. I absolutely love your writing style...I feel as if I'm in the room! I'm glad you got some more people into holing on purpose....the more the merrier!! 

