Things had not gone well that afternoon, so on my way home I stopped into a town pub. It was early and the place was quiet, I got a drink, then looked around for some place to sit. The joint was set out with alcoves with two or three stools at each short bar. I picked one whose only occupant was a good–looking blond. I asked if she minded me sitting next to her, she shook her head and I took that to mean, please yourself.I settled down, nursing my scotch and water and pulled out my newspaper, turning to the sports pages. I tried to see if there was at lest one nag that hadn't let me down, it didn't look good, I began to feel more depressed. Then suddenly I got the feeling I was being watched. I turned and the blond is giving me the once over. That was one thing; the other thing that met my eye was startling to say the least. The front of her mini skirt was hitched up to her waist at the front, affording only me a clear view of her blue panty–covered crotch, and legs to die for She smiled as my face registered astonishment." You don't mind?" she asked. Oh my God! Mind a pair of beautiful thighs with a view of blue panties, showing me proof that she was a real blond, if the wisps of hair that protruded from round the edges of those beautiful filled panties were anything to go by. My brain raced through a number of options, she's a druggy, she's a nutter, a freak, yes that's it– it's a pick up, although she didn't look like any hooker I had ever seen. Look, I said, "it's very nice, but I don't have any money on me, lest not the sort you would be looking for" Which was a lie, I didn't have any "It's not like that" she explained "you see, something happened to me this afternoon, and I just want to try it on someone else." This sounded even stranger, but I was more than curious, and it would not hurt to listen. Apart from which the reaction of my cock inside my pants would have made going anywhere an embarrassment. "Ok so tell me." Well it turns out that this dame is named Courtney. She has just started a new job as a secretary to a sub editor of a glamour magazine. Seems she is new in town, alone, she needs to talk to someone and I seem to be the lucky guy. Apparently that afternoon she was taking dictation, sitting and facing her female boss Wendy who was seated at her desk. Wendy's an ex model and great looker. Courtney notices Wendy (her boss) is a bit tense and is wriggling around a lot, and the way her legs are locked together makes Courtney think that she needs to pee; only she can't make out why she doesn't just go take a leak. After an hour or so Wendy's private phone rings, by the tone of the conversation, it's the ladies hot number. Wendy is telling the guy she has been waiting for his call. She could not wait to hear from him, she says, she has waited so long that she is damn near been peeing her panties waiting. She looks at Courtney, saying (smiling at Courtney she does so) my secretary is in the room, I wonder what she must be thinking. The conversation is getting hot, so Courtney makes to go out so the lady has some privacy, but Wendy waves her back to her seat. Things are now mildly embarrassing as Wendy has pulled up her skirt and is rubbing herself between the legs. Seems the guy is talking dirty and encouraging her to jerk off. She tells him her hand is doing a good job, but she can't wait for his tongue to do the same later. None of this is lost on Courtney, who is getting very horny and turned on. Wendy is telling the man she doesn't think she can wait that long. Just then Wendy drops a pen she was holding in her free hand, and gestures for Courtney to pick it up. This involves Courtney having to kneel under Wendy's desk, right between her legs in fact. Now she can't help but see Wendy's panties are pulled to one side, her cunt is wet, her clit is rigid, and pee is dripping off the chair. Meanwhile the guy on the phone is teasing Wendy so she will come. Wendy moans that she needs a tongue, and then she pulls Courtney's head right over her cunt "lick me out please", she cries. Now Courtney is willing to admit she is no stranger to this activity, and cooperates, but with the proviso that Wendy holds off peeing till she has cum. Well, Courtney goes for it with her tongue and nose embedded in Wendy's cunt, she listens to Wendy's cry of lust over the phone to the man, whom Courtney assumes is jacking off at the other end. Suddenly Wendy's thighs have got Courtney in a headlock, jerking around like crazy, Courtney feels the come on her tongue and knows it's time to move. Which with difficulty she does, not too soon because now Wendy's come she can't wait to pee, and lets go, Courtney gets away with a few drops, the rest goes through Wendy's panties soaking her stockings and suspenders. Wendy shouts on the phone "Oh! I have done it and pissed myself, see you tonight!" Then she stands up, helps Courtney to her feet, tells her that she is a wonderful girl, and says she will just go and clean up. Wendy goes out leaving Courtney strung out like piano wire. She waits and waits, getting more frustrated. She, having seen Wendy pee herself, is aware of her own desperate need to pee and she doesn't dare go for pee, in case the lady returns and finds her gone, so Courtney foregoes her share of the action. When home time comes around she is hot to do two things, neither of which she can do as the toilets are closed for the night. I look down at the front of her exposed panties and notice that the crotch is slightly darker. I know it's wet because for the last part of Courtney's story I have been fingering her towards a climax, one that she needs a lot. The girl has been holding on for a long time now, apart from which I have a strong notion she is going to get a kick out of wetting her panties. So I tell her to go right on and pee sitting on the stool, and that's all the encouragement she needed. She whispered "if I wet myself I might need you to make me aware of what a rude girl I have been" I knew I would enjoy doing that. Boy what a sight, Courtney raced her bum pushed her cunt over the bar stool and let rip. Her pee gushed through the front of her panties, over my hand, then down her legs to the floor. Surprisingly enough, I did look at her face during her spray, her eyes were closed and her features were radiant. As the stream slowed to a stop, she whispered some verbal encouragement in my ear "frig my stinking panties off, oh! Fuck, fuck, fuuuuccccck." In fact at that point in the procedure she wriggles herself so that I have four fingers going in and out of her. The lady has to cross her legs, as this time it is she who comes having already emptied her bladder but not before she makes a proposition that involves both of us for the night. The request, "please fuck me" can't apply to what is happening now. Then she drops the bombshell, before she left the office, she does a redial on Wendy's phone and what does she get, premium call back line. By this time I had a hard on so big that if I could get it out, it would support my open mouth. So, her boss is a dyke or something, but right then I was concerned about an urgent need of my own. Courtney might have just come, but she is still hot, so she stands, a wet pantie covered by her skirt, and leads the way out to the car park. Once in my car, she reminded me that it is now time to do something about her being a rude girl. I hauled her over my lap, flipped up her skirt, and gave her a few slaps, which seems to make her even more desperate. Soon the seat is laid back, and before she lies across the seat she unzips me and has my eight inches out. Then with me lying between her legs, she feeds my throbbing member up the side of her pissy panties, into her warm tight cunt. At this point, I take control of the action as my prick is bursting. I can tell that the lady doesn't want any delay. Even if she is encouraging me with the a little more of her dirty vocabulary, "fuck me, please make me come, oh! Shit I am going to pee again, don't stop!" Nothing could stop me now as I slammed my meat into her and shot my wad repeatedly up her greedy cunt. Then I had to move fast so Courtney could get her arse off the seat to squat in the foot well, pissing her pants for the second time that night. As I watched her in that vulnerable state, I automatically reached for a Lucky and pulled the lighter. The air is filled with a smell of melting wax. That is no female fragrance, but one, as a private eye I know only to well – a detonators fuse. There below my squatting lady is a small package that looks like two cigars taped together. In my mind I see and feel the flash of light followed by the heat and hideous pain that goes with being blown to death. But it does not happen. As I shout, it's a bomb! Courtney's pee hits the package, the fizzing noise stops as her stream cuts off the oxygen and snuffs off the fuse. Courtney breaks into tears of relief. I reach for the poor girl and hug her to me. She has just saved our lives, as I kiss her and burble my thanks, the lady sees the funny side and we both break into laughter. So much so that Courtney begins to piss again. Being a man of action, I had to quickly save this wonderful girl from further indignity, so I stripped my sports paper and covered the seat, allowing her a dry seat. Then I drove as fast as possible to my apartment, which has a built in garage with an automatic door. Also, it houses a built in shower I use after training runs. I guided Courtney into the shower where I tenderly stripped off her panties and the rest of her clothes, putting them into a plastic sack. Though out all this the lady had just meekly followed my instructions. Now as she saw my eyes, taking in the wonderful beauty of her body streaked with her own body fluids, she handed me the shower head, and I got to work carefully cleansing that beautiful frame.
Undine