Karen-2

By Paul

This story is a continuation of a relationship I had with a girl called Karen. We had not seen each other for a year, not because we had fallen out, but because my work had taken me to another country. I was coming back to England to live, though, within a few months, and arranged to meet her again when I was back on a brief househunting trip. She certainly seemed keen to get together, and so I guessed there was no-one important in her love-life at that time. We decided to drive up to a local beauty spot, which had a nice view from a hillside, and which didn’t get too crowded. We needed to talk, after all. We had enjoyed a long (3 year) relationship before, and were both disappointed that it had ended because of my career situation. Karen knew, then, what I enjoyed about women and girls being in need of a toilet, the more desperate the better, though she probably still didn’t understand it.

What she did know was the effect it could have on me, however. When we spoke about our lives apart in the last year (she had had three relationships) she asked me if any of my girlfriends since her had obliged by getting into a tight spot. One had, and I recounted to Karen what had happened. Once on the subject, I was getting turned on at the thought of maybe repeating some of the situations we had got into a year or so before. Karen was certainly keen for the relationship to resume, I could tell, but probably not straight into a full blown ‘accident’ situation such as we used to contrive. She seemed jealous of the girl I had mentioned, I suppose because she thought it must have been quite serious between the two of us for this girl to be wetting herself in front of me. I know that Karen used to do it for me, but she had never liked it at all.

Anyway, time passed, and having drank three cans of beer, (Karen had had two), I got up, strolled to a bush, and relieved myself. Obviously, I needed to go, but I wanted also to assess the reaction of Karen to this, and find out if she needed to go as well. Walking back, I detected no move on her part to do the same, and she certainly could have got away with peeing by a bush herself here, there was no-one around at all. By now it was obvious we would be going back to my hotel together, and resuming the relationship when I returned for good as well, and I wondered if she was going to treat me to a situation where she got herself desperate for the loo on purpose. I do actually prefer the situation to be accidental rather than too contrived, but by now I was feeling that familiar excitement and anticipation.

Her attention started to become distracted soon after, and I knew she was starting to feel the need. This was encouraging, because she still made no move to go behind a bush. ‘You need to go, don’t you?’ I said, putting my arm around her shoulders. ‘ Yeees...I suppose it’s turning you on, as well.’ She replied coyly. ‘Yes it is,’ I said, my heartbeat suddenly racing. ‘Shall we stay a bit longer ‘til you’re a bit worse, then we can get back to my hotel? You know it isn’t far’

‘I’m bad now! Can’t you tell? You know beer always goes straight through me.’ I reluctantly agreed to leave, so we trudged back to the car park, a fatalistic expression on Karen’s face. She had been down this road before, but I sensed this time it was against her better judgement to let me have my way. She turned out to be right, too, for without very much help at all from me the situation became just about the worst one for Karen that I can remember. She was obviously in some discomfort on the return journey as soon as it started, as she was very quiet and a little withdrawn. The trip should have been about 35 minutes, say 40 because I slowed down a little at every opportunity.

Soon after we had begun, though, Karen’s hands were folded together in her crotch, and she was bent forward slightly. After about ten minutes she was blatantly ignoring whatever I said, much more concerned with her plight, intense concentration on her face. We were on a motorway, and she seemed to be scanning the roadside for somewhere discreet to stop. A short while of this and she lost her patience. ‘Right, pull over on to the hard shoulder, I’ve GOT to go! It’s too late to worry about anyone seeing me, stop there, now!’ Obviously the memories of a good, but year-old, relationship were at the back of her mind! She had never really been angry at me for asking her to do this for me, because she knew she had always volunteered, but I think she felt a little coerced into this one. I made no attempt to slow. ‘You’ve picked about the busiest stretch of road...’

‘Paul, COME ON! You know I used to hate getting like this, I hated to wet myself...I’ve got jeans on, for God’s sake!’ I looked at her lap and sure enough she had undone the top button of her jeans, something I knew she always used to do to relieve the pressure a bit. ‘We’re nearly there, just hold on!’ I said. She was reacting angrily now, ‘We’re NOT anywhere near and I CAN’T hold on!’ she protested. There was nothing she could do, though, and I turned off the motorway onto the main drag into town, and there looming ahead was what looked like a petrol station. ‘You turn in there, Paul, or I promise you I’ll wet myself, I won’t be able to help it’ said Karen, rocking back and forward frantically.

However, when I turned off the road onto the forecourt there was no sign of petrol pumps. ‘Good!’I said to myself, hoping against hope that this was no garage with a toilet. I circled around a couple of times, even though it was obvious I wasn’t going to find anything, mainly to drag it out for Karen, who was bouncing up and down, desperate to get out and walk. The only thing that looked as if it may be manned was a small building in the corner of the lot. I couldn’t delay any longer, and drove slowly towards it. It was actually a Car Hire company’s premises, which explained cars parked in rows, which had originally looked like they were for sale. Would they have a toilet, though?

My aim was to get out with Karen, not to slow her down (she definitely wouldn’t have allowed that at any cost, this was probably the most desperate for the toilet I had ever seen her) but to at least witness any accident. Not a chance, though. As soon as the car slowed she was out and running. I wasn’t far behind, though, and I got to the rental office just behind her. Composing herself (very briefly) she asked if there was a toilet available for the public. ‘No, only for staff,’ said the young girl, who looked like she was manning the place on her own, ‘ I can’t let you in there...you can use the mechanics’ one if it’s a real emergency though, it’s round the back.’

‘It IS a real emergency, let me tell you!’ Karen blurted, and couldn’t help but give a little curtsey as the girl reached for a key. Taking it from a hook on the wall, she held it out, and I took it from the girl before Karen could get her hands out from between her legs. Her dignity had taken a back seat now, and she stood slightly bent at the knees. She glared at me, but spun around and made for the door. As we headed for the corner of the building she exclaimed, ‘Shit, Paul! This is awful! I nearly started to go in my knickers back there while I was talking to her! I’ve loosened my jeans a bit, but...Oh my God, it’s COMING! I’m about to go any second, HURRY!’

Rounding the corner, the toilet came into view. It was one of those one-man cabins, about a metre square, but very much a welcome sight for Karen. Of course, there was no way I was going to make it easy! I put the key in the lock, but not all the way, and made out I couldn’t turn it. At the first sign of a problem she all but shrieked, ‘Come ON! Paul, you're doing that on purpose, I’m deadly serious, I’m about to piss in these jeans! PLEASE!’ She was dancing and biting her bottom lip in sheer desperation. It was very soon too much for her. ‘I’m going to go! I’m going to go! Ohhh!’ Utterly distressed now, she made for the corner of the little area, and undid her jeans zipper all the way, making to pull her jeans down. ‘I’ll go here, I’ll HAVE to!’ I really thought it was all over then, but it had been a real turn on...as I said, never before had I been able to contrive a situation so much to my liking. I guess that over the months her bladder muscles had become less used to holding on to a full load!

Anxious to see her finally go, I turned back to the cabin to quickly remove the key, slipping into my pocket. As I turned back, though, I saw the girl and what must have been her manager come round the corner! They were looking straight at me, and so Karen had the chance to pull her jeans back up. She must have been just on the point of letting go when she saw them! She still couldn’t possibly stand still, though, and she emerged into view guiltily. I was explaining to the man that I couldn’t open the door, and was fumbling in my pocket for the key to show him. Karen was standing with her weight on one leg listening to the conversation, concentrating deeply with a deep frown on her face. Keeping one eye on her as I pretended to search for the key, I could see that she was slowly shifting from one foot to the other.

Unable to dance around too obviously, or hold herself at all, she had to strain to use only her bladder muscles to hold it in. And she had almost released a moment ago! It must have been real agony for her. Making a not-too-successful try at keeping her voice level, she said to the girl in a voice that us two men weren’t supposed to hear, ‘May I please use yours? I’m absolutely bursting!’ The girl turned to look back at the office. ‘Well, I suppose so.’ When she turned back to look at Karen, she caught her looking down at her crotch.

Obviously she had released some, and was checking to see if it showed. She looked up quickly, and again had to curtsey very low to avoid an accident. The girl was now in no doubt about the urgency! ‘Come on, then! Look at you! You should have said!’ Karen opened her mouth to say something, but ended up just gasping. Her legs were pressed together as tight as they would go, but a tell-tale wetness had streaked the inner thigh of her jeans. ‘My God!’ I thought, ‘ she’s really going to wet herself in front of us!’ She saw the girl glance down at her legs and widen her eyes, so Karen knew she had seen the damage. ‘Oh, I’m so sorry,’ she said,’ I just can’t stop!’

‘Never mind, hurry! Quick!’ The girl led her around the corner, Karen hobbling with her legs now slightly parted, obviously unable to stop herself going, as her jeans now positively glistened on the insides of the legs. Fortunately, this had incredibly gone unnoticed by the girl’s manager, who was engrossed in trying to work out how the lock had stuck for me, when he had no trouble with it!. This was the only time I had been with Karen in front of complete strangers when she had actually wet her pants, and I wondered how she would take it. (She was mad, but understood.)

Once before we had been in a lift with friends of ours when she had ended up wetting the floor a little while wearing a skirt, but dancing around desperate for the toilet in front of people you know, while very embarrassing, is not as bad as being caught short in front of strangers. At least some effort can be made to make a joke of it. (I shall tell this tale as well soon if you like.) It was much more of a turn-on for me to witness Karen making the effort to hold on without being able to squirm around...to just stand there concentrating on her muscles, and knowing that the consequences of letting go for a mere instant would be witnessed by strangers. Great times! Back soon.

