A True Story About Amber 

by Matrix

This is a story that was related to me by a girlfriend some time ago. It took me a lot of probing to get the whole story out of her, it's fairly long but hopefully worth it. Enjoy

Everyone told Amber that she had a lovely name. She was pretty in a homely sought of way. You would not have considered her thin, but she was most definitely not fat but rather a well toned, firm figure. Amber was not very confident in herself when dealing with men and she appeared to be nieve and very unsure. This made it difficult for her to meet men and did not have a serious relationship with a man for many years after she left high school. Amber's studies in astronomy also did not help her social situation, spending many of her teen evening hours stuck in front of a telescope. The first time she had sex with a guy turned out to be one of the most embarrassing moments of her life.

Amber's friend , Jill, had invited her to a night out at a local night club and as Amber had a night off she decided it would be a good idea. Jill was fairly reserved but had a great figure and loved to show it off. Amber knew the Jill was a regular at the night club and regularly picked up men there. The nights had gotten a little cooler but Amber knew she'd be hot when she started dancing so she dressed herself in light weight tan pants and a light white top and brought along a black jacket in case she got cold.

Jill arrived at Amber's apartment and they decided to catch a cab to the club, even though it was only a fifteen minute walk. They were lucky enough to get in the club at 9pm, during dollar drinks hour, and started to put away the cheap spirits. Amber and Jill danced together , checking out the talent and getting themselves considerably drunk. Amber's drinking had made her feel a lot more sure of herself and she was feeling very horny as well. She started talking to a really attractive young guy called Danny and eventually started dancing with him.

After about thirty minuets of dancing she had to go to the loo and told Danny she had to go for a walk to the ladies. He said he would get her a drink and would meet her back at one of the tables. When she got to the loos there was the typical line of women. Amber had been here before and there were only three stalls which did not cope very well with the number of guests that came to the nightclub. By the time she had got to the front of the line she was getting very desperate to pee and had her thighs tightly pressed together. Eventually a stall was free and she dived in and quickly dropped her slacks and let loose a very urgently needed pee. By the time she started to look for Danny nearly forty five minutes had gone past. 

When Amber found Danny he was chatting up a couple of gorgeous looking young girls and Amber felt crushed. She had really liked Danny and hoped something would have happened between them. She stood there for a while just at the side of him looking at the dance floor and trying to look like she was just enjoying the music. After a minuet Danny turned around , saw her and said "I wondered where you had gone. I did get you that drink but I ended up drinking it myself, what happened to you?"

"The queue to the ladies was very long."

"Yep, that always seems to be the case here. I'm going to get another drink, do you want me to get you anything", Danny said. "Yes, that would be great, whatever drink your getting will be fine" Amber replied. After a couple of minuets he brought her a bottle of cider. This was not one of her most favourite drinks because it usually went to her head too quickly but she was very thirsty and decided she did not want to insult Danny. They started to talk for a while when two other girls butted in who obviously knew Danny very well.

Amber started feeling she was not part of the conversation and quickly finished her cider. The cider made her feel very confident and she grabbed Danny's arm and pulled him on to the dance floor, totally disregarding the other two girls. They started dancing really close and Amber could feel herself getting very excited. Danny started to kiss her while they danced and she felt shivers of delight pulse through her body. After about thirty minuets of this close dancing Amber realised that she needed to go for a pee. It wasn't so bad and she was enjoying her dance and decided not to say anything. A little while later Danny told her he needed to use the bathrooms and would be back shortly. Amber took this as a good opportunity to make a trip herself. When she got to the toilets the queue was still there.

After about ten minuets she was still waiting when she saw Danny heading to the dance floor. She did not want to loose him to the other girls again so decided she could hold it for a while, after all some things are more important. She loosened her pants a little and left the line to go over to Danny. He asked what happened to her and she said " I had to use the toilets as well", even though her bladder was now very full and she could feel the top of her pants pressing on her..

They started to dance again and Danny was squeezing her arse close to him which was both arousing her and making her painfully aware that she had to relieve herself. He started holding her tighter and she knew she was close to loosing it if he kept squeezing her. She had only just told him a couple of minuets ago that she had been to the loo and was not going to say she had to go again. She decided instead to bite him lightly on the neck and then said. "I think I should go home. I only live a short walk from here, do you want to come over for a coffee or something ?"

"Yes I'm a little tired of dancing as well" He gave her a very affectionate kiss then put his arm around her neck and started out of the club. Amber realised that they would not be able to get a taxi at this time of night but since Danny's squeezing had stoped she felt better and was sure she could make it home. As they left the club the cold wind hit her and she felt a sudden tightening of her bladder. This gave her a sudden sharp pain and a refreshed urge to pee. Her legs automatically tightened and she started to pee. She groaned slightly and squatted down trying to control her now incredible need and at the same time pretended to fix her shoe. "What up Amber?",Danny asked her. Through gritted teeth Amber told him , "It's just a stone in my shoe, it hurt my foot a little. Oh, I must have forgotten my jacket", she suddenly realised while talking to him. "I'll go back in a get it"

"No, you'll never find it now. It's not that important." 'please don't go in looking for it, I can't wait that long I have to start moving' she was thinking. She slowly got up and seemed to have controlled herself for a while. She could feel a wet patch in a panties and could not be so obvious to look and seek if it showed through her pants. Her urges always came in waves and she hoped she would make it home before it happened again. She grabbed Danny and started on her way. On the walk she did not get any more sudden urges but the pressure in her bladder needed her full attention and her bladder was starting to pain very badly. She was really beginning to panic as her muscles we constantly tightened and she could not tell if she had started to pee. 

She finally got to her apartment and they both went in. Danny held on to her as they came through the door and started kissing her very passionately and rubbing her breasts. She was so horny she delighted in the pleasure he was giving her and realised that this was the night for her. She momentarily forgot her need and led Danny to her room where they both got on the top of the bed. Danny took off her top and started to suck hard on her erect nipples. She felt the tingle of pleasure through her body and groaned with enjoyment but suddenly whimpered as she relaxed too much and shot out a small burst of pee. Now she panicked and in a confused and worried voice said"Oh Danny, I have to go to the bathroom. I've never done this before, Oh ,I've go to go". He either did not understand or deliberately ignored the signs and said "Don't worry I'll be gentle and I have my own condoms so don't worry about that."

Amber was feeling a mixture of emotions. She was confused by his reply and obvious lack of understanding of her predicament, but she also desperately desired the penetration of his cock in her as much as she desperately needed to piss. He skilfully manuvered his hand down the front of her skirt, clearly thinking her tight thighs was the result of her reluctance to release her virginity rather than her terror of releasing her full bladder all over him. She was now in absolute delight as he started to massage her clitoris but her whole body was shaking with the need to ease her bladder. Her hand automatically went to her crotch as another urge swept her body. Another small spurt escaped her which Danny, amazingly, did not seem to notice.

She was too embarrassed at this stage to tell him she had to pee but her pee hole was now rapidly twitching and she knew she was going to loose it. Her breath was short and rapid and Danny clearly believed this was due to his efforts and not the efforts of maintaining control over her full bladder. Amber remembered an old tail she had been told that you could not pee while you were having sex and said to Danny "Fuck me now , Please..". He immediately placed his dick in her tight hole and she let out a loud yell as she felt both the pain as her tight hole was stretched and the pain as the extra pressure on her bladder sent a sharp jab through her.

She could hold on no longer. Danny's pumping was causing her to loose concentration and she began to relax all over. She wasn't sure if she was peeing or not but then her ass started getting wet. Danny pulled out of her suddenly and Amber's hand shot for her crotch. "Oh I can't stop it" she said as the long awaited gusher trickled out. There was nothing she could do to stop the flow. "Get off me, I've got to get up."

"You're pissing the bed, whats up with you", said Danny. "I can't stop it, please let me up. Oh get off me, Quick!". She pushed her way up with her piss coming out in constant squirts between her hand and all over the bed. She stood up still trying to stop the flow she started walking crouched over, her muscles cramped and aching and unable to tighten. Half bent over and with her hand between her legs she headed to the bathroom as the now non stop flow poured onto the carpet all the way to the bathroom.

She got to the bathroom and just collapsed on the floor and kept peeing all over the bathroom tiles. Danny came in to see her sitting on the pool of piss in the bathroom and the trail leading to the bedroom and covered in piss himself. "What happened", he asked. "I was busting to go. I couldn't stop it I'm so sorry. When we started to have sex I couldn't control it any more and it just wouldn't stop." cried Amber. "Boy you sure must have need to go bad, I've never seen someone piss so much and it's all over me. I'm going to have a shower, do you want one as well ?" Amber knew what he was suggesting but she was too embarrassed and simply asked if he would shower and go home. She never again returned to that night club for fear she might run into Danny again. It was an evening she would never be able to forget. 
