Stacey's Dilemma

By PP Watcher

One summer evening Stacey, a good friend of mine, called to tell me of the hard day she had at work. Her boss was being a jerk lately, a customer had come in and had been a big pain in the ass and to top it off two people had quit so her boss expected her to take up the slack until he could get some new people hired. When I suggested that I get her out of the house she jumped at the chance. I picked her up in my pickup truck a few minutes later and away we went. We went to the mall and walked around a while. I suggested a movie and Stacey agreed. She even picked out the movie for us to see. During the movie Stacey had a large coke, but it didn't seem to bother her and we left without her going to the bathroom. We drove around for a while just talking when all of a sudden Stacey stated that she could really use a beer. That sounded good to me so off we went in search of a liquor store. 

I bought us a 12 pack of beer and figured we would go back to her place or to mine but Stacey said she didn't want to. She said she felt like just getting out for a while and suggested we head for a spot we knew of in the country. It was a great place we discovered a couple of years earlier when we decided one morning to go watch the sun rise. You could see for miles around and the view was spectacular. 

As we pulled up on top of the hill I pulled over to the side of the road where we usually parked. Stacey reached down and got us a couple of beers. We sat for a while talking and drinking and just having a good time relaxing. After a couple of beers I needed a whiz so I stepped out to the back of the truck and took a much-needed leak in the grass. As I got back in I noticed a worried look on Stacey's face but didn't think much of it at the time. I asked her what was wrong and she just shrugged and said "oh nothing."

A few minutes and another beer later for each of us and I noticed that Stacey was shifting a little in her seat. I asked if she was all right and she assured me she was, she was just getting comfortable. We drank and talked for another half-hour or so and we both finished another beer. I decided that it was time to drain the main vain again and got out and pissed in the grass again. When I got back in Stacey looked even more concerned and she was wiggling around some. I asked if she was ok and she said no that she was dying for a pee. Stacey then told me that hearing me pee through her open window just now really made her desperate to pee also. She said it was all she could do not to wet her pants when she heard me. She said that it wasn't as bad now, but she still really needed to pee. I suggested that she just get out and pee there and Stacey said she couldn't. When I asked why she said that she just couldn't go outside like that, and that she needed the security of a real bathroom. I told her that we would take off and find her one.

As I headed back to town Stacey kept wiggling in the seat. She no longer could sit still and she was moaning ever so quietly to herself at times. A couple of times I heard her gasp and the second time her hand quickly shot to her crotch and she gave herself a quick squeeze. Off in the distance I could see a sign for a gas station.

When I reached it I quickly pulled in, only to find it closed. When Stacey saw the CLOSED sign hanging in the window she almost burst into tears. By now the pressure on her bladder must have been intense. She kept wiggling in the seat, never stopping for an instant and her moans were getting more frequent and louder. 

Stacey begged me to find someplace quickly or she was going to wet her pants. I told her I would try and to just hang on. As we drove Stacey became more and more frantic. She no longer cared about anything except relieving her distended aching bladder. She had both of her hands in her crotch now rubbing and squeezing to keep from peeing her blue jeans. She was wiggling, jiggling and moaning the entire time and looked on the verge of tears. A couple of minutes later she unzipped her jeans to take the pressure off her bladder and to jam her hands inside her pants to get a better grip on the situation. 

As much as I felt sorry for Stacey, I have to confess that I had a raging hard on from seeing her so desperate. Suddenly Stacey moaned a loud "Oh God" and then shouted for me to pull over. I stopped the truck as quickly as I could and Stacey was out the door before the truck completely stopped. In the open door in the fading light I could see her blue jeans turn dark blue in the crotch area and heard the hissing of her pent up pee escaping. As she peed and peed she began to cry. Stacey peed for well over a minute and her pants were soaked from the crotch down. Her boots were full of pee and the seat of her pants was wet almost up to the waistband. 

Stacey looked at me and asked "now what am I going to do?" I told her not to worry, and that she should just hop in and I would take her home. Stacey told me that she couldn't get in like that, she would ruin my cloth seats and besides, she couldn't go home like this as her roommate's parents were visiting and she couldn't let them see her like that. I told her I would take her to my place and we could wash and dry her soaked jeans and panties. Before I could say anything Stacey was pulling off her piss filled boots and dumping them out on the ground. Then to my great surprise she pulled off her soaked jeans and panties. She tossed them into the bed of the truck and asked if there was anything she could sit on. I pulled out an old T-shirt I kept behind the seat and she crawled in. As I drove toward town Stacey looked at me and told me to drive my best, because If I got stopped by a cop with her bare ass naked in the truck she would fucking kill me. 

By the time we got to my house Stacey was in a desperate situation again. As I pulled into my driveway she was wiggling around in the seat and she had her hand in her bare crotch again. She looked at me and said what am I going to do, I have got to pee again like you wouldn't believe and there is no way for me to get into the house like this. She looked at me desperately wiggling around in the seat. I told her to sit still and I would go get her a robe. She looked at me and pleaded for me to hurry as she was about to loose control again. 

I went into the house and got a robe and went out through the garage, as it was the closest way for her to get into the house. When I got to the truck Stacey quickly grabbed the robe and put it on then buried her hands in her pussy again. She got out of the truck and tried to walk and quickly began to take little baby steps with her knees locked together. She was bent over at the waist and was holding herself through the robe. I had never seen a woman walk and do the pee-pee dance at the same time before. As Stacey was hobbling through the garage she gasped and quickly squatted to the ground. She lifted my robe out of the way and a torrent of pee shot from her pussy onto the concrete. I couldn't help but stare as the pee streamed from her slit and splattered onto the concrete.

Stacey was red and could not look me in the face. When she finally stopped she stood up and apologized saying she just couldn't wait any more. She said she was never more embarrassed in her life and confided that she had never ever peed in front of anyone before. I told her not to worry about it and that everyone pees. Stacey agreed that everyone pees but she doesn't pee in front of everyone. Once inside I ran her a bath and as the tub was filling I put her soaked jeans, socks and panties in the washer. Stacey took a nice long bath and when she came out she walked over to me, reached up and kissed me thanking me for taking such good care of her. Little did I know then that later that evening she would take good care of me! But that's another story..............
