Okay, earlier I had peed my panties sitting on the toilet (part 1) and peed my jeans on the bed (part 2). This was the greatest day ever! I was sure I was still drunk after all the rum I drank, but I still had 9 hours before anyone got home. It is not very often I get the house to myself so I decided to use it to the fullest. I drank more rum, but kept it slow. I wanted to stay in the joyous state I was in. I wondered what naughty thing was left to do. Then it came to me; what was more arousing than smoking? I had taken a few puffs before with friends, but had never smoked a whole cigarette before. I imagined peeing, masturbating, and smoking. What more could I want? Mom thought that I didn't know she sneaked a cigarette or two from Dad, but I did. I also knew that she hid a pack of her bottom of her dresser. I pulled two out and carried them into the TV room. I wanted to smoke, but had nothing to light the cigarette with. I searched everywhere for a lighter, but couldn't find one. I was still wearing my tight, wet jeans that I had peed in earlier. I searched everywhere I could think of for a light, but had no luck. I picked up the mattress and wished for a light, but found a better prize instead. I had found Dad's Playboy collection.
There were the last few months' issues, still in the wrapper. I grabbed an already opened issue and stared at a beautiful nude woman. I creamed my pants a little right there, but caught myself. I pulled the center page out and put the rest back. I still needed a light for my cigarette. Finally I had the idea to light the cigarette with the stove and was finally able to inhale the arousing smoke.
I was so horny now could barely hold it in. I also needed to pee. I wanted to combine the pleasures of panty wetting with smoking. I was walking all over the house rubbing myself through my wet panties and inhaling the cigarette just enough to keep feeling great. Finally the need to pee was overwhelming. I sat back on my bed again, and noticed that my pants were almost dry from the last time I had wet them. I put the cigarette to my lips and just let go. I felt a tingle up front, then a trickle, and eventually had an orgasm like never before. Smoking and peeing are definitely better together.
By: Susan Beach