I never thought that ripping a pair of pants could be a good thing! I came to work this morning, and then went in for a pee – looked down, and there was a gaping hold in my slacks! The first thing I did was start to walk funny, and then made a lame excuse to get an hour of work to go to the city and get a replacement pair real fast. I went into town and got the new pair, and then had a wild idea – I had never wet myself in a pair of pants in public before! I always wear a skirt so the pee can come out without showing too bad. And since I had a spare pair now, I got excited and thought this would be a great idea. 
First I went to the food hall and got the largest coke I could find – I kind of already needed to go, but thought to top it up. I then went and got a new pair of panties and was ready. First I tried to pee just standing on an escalator, but found I just could not get it out – I was too nervous. So I got another coke and went and sat down in front of the cinema, and relaxed. The first spurts came out, and I could see a patch in my pants, but froze up again when I saw a bit drip on the floor! Too nervous about people seeing me! 
Finally I went into Myer, cause it is so big. I went to the lingerie section, squatted down as if I was looking at something and let most of it go... I left a huge patch on the carpet and my slacks and panties were soaked. I then went and could let the rest go on the escalator (There was someone in front of me too – but no one behind) 
I was now completely excited, and being a quiet time of day (9:30 in the morning) I walked to the other end of the mall, in my wet slacks, before going to a toilet and changing. I had completely soaked myself and walked through the mall all wet! Damn it was exciting, and my heart is still racing when I think about what I did. 
Gee it is fun taking a risk like that – especially a wet risk... I don't know If I will be able to bring myself to do it again soon though, but it was worth every minute... Jenny