Last weekend my wife and I attended a wedding here in Phoenix. It is getting a little warm so the ceremony was held outside. The wedding was to take place at 2 p.m. so we got there about 1p.m. There was a tent set up for the guests to drop off gifts and to get a glass of punch, etc. My wife was quite thirsty and started drinking punch and had 2 or 3 glasses within the first 10 minutes. She continued to sip until the ushers began to seat us. She mentioned she should have visited the restroom but did not have time to do so. After about 15 minutes into the ceremony she started to fidget and cross her legs tightly. I noticed her hand wander to the area just below her waist and press firmly. She was wearing a calf length dress with a flowing flower patterned skirt so she was able to hide here hand pretty well. She made it to the end of the ceremony and we tried to move towards the restrooms but were blocked by the crowd. She mentioned that we better do something pretty quick or she was going to wet herself. I didn't rush very much as I enjoy a little wet play when it isn't planned. As we walked across the grass towards the clubhouse I noticed a palm sized wet spot where she had been pressing her hand. As we got closer she noticed there was a line at the restrooms. 
She said, " I can't wait" , we turned around and headed towards the landscaping adjacent to the lawn area. She said she was going to pee on the grass but had to get her panties down as they were new satin panties and she didn't want to ruin them. I said I would shield her from the others and we tried to find some taller shrubs without any luck. She said, Oh, no" and stopped dead in her tracks. She looked at her skirt and said she was flooding her panties but nothing was coming down her legs yet. It was apparent her panties were holing a lot of the pee. All of a sudden the satin saturated and the pee poured out of her panties and onto the front of her skirt. It showed a bit but she would be all right when she sat down. All I could do is watch in amazement and visualize the wet sex we would have later. As a post script when we walked back to the table her red satin panties were visible through her petticoat and skirt. I'm sure she caused a few hard–ons that afternoon. Her panties stained her petticoat pink were the pee had saturated the slip and panties.
JP