Trying to Keep My Dignity

(Female Desperation)

Written by Veronique

It was a brillant day in summer and not only the weather was great although I had a date with Alex, a guy I got to know a few weeks before on a party. He told me he would have a surprise for me and I had to take normal clothes. I did as he told me and wore jeans, top, and a leather jacket for the evening. Naturally I choose my tight jeans, in wich my backside would appear as perfect as possible to him.

We met at the late afternoon in a really nice bar. It was a small room with a vault in an old building in the city. We had a pleasant, easy conversation which kept me thirsty, so while we talked I drank two beers followed by a Tequilla Sunrise.

After an hour, he begged me to finish my drink and told me we had to leave soon to reach the event he would show me. I felt that I should pee before we left, and finishing up the cocktail, I excused myself to use the bathroom. As I got up, I knew I had made the right decision because my tight jeans began cutting into my lower abomden; not a pleasant sensation. Sometimes I wait longer to get a really full bladder, but this was the first date with Alex and I didn't want to put myself in a situation where I would end up having to do the pee dance or something similar.

I had to go down a stairway to the Ladies, like in old castles. I reached a corridor with two doors signed with the international symbols. I walked into the ladies and discovered that the only two stalls were both locked. I waited to hear the sound of one of the occupants flushing the toilet, but as the minutes passed, nothing happend. Standing there thinking about soon being able to use the toilet made me remember to my tight jeans. I grabbed the waistband and pulled it up to make myself a little more comfortable, but maybe the jeans were a bit too tight for me because it didn't help noticably.

I listened for the sound of movement inside the stalls, and hearing nothing, I finally called out to ask if anyone was there. Nobody anwered. I stooped down and peered in under both of the doors. In the first cubicle there was nothing in but a stack of cleaning utilities; the second was absolutely empty. What was going on? I pushed on both doors and they didn't budge. They were locked. I decided to go up upstairs and ask the barkeeper for a key to open one of the cubicles.

Alex was waiting for me at the top of the stairs. He held my jacket in his hand, and his body language betrayed that he had been impatiently waiting for me to arrive. He told me that we really had to hurry now or we would be late. He was clearly annoyed at the long delay my visit to the toilet had caused, so I felt I had no choice but to go with him without using the toilet.

I asked him how far we would travel and he told me it would take half an hour to get there. I wasn't looking forward to another thirty minutes holding a full bladder, but I was sure I could last that length of time without problems.

After five minutes of sitting in his car, however, I found it difficult to sit still. I did my best to keep my composure, but inside my body, the need to pee was increasing rapidly. After another ten minutes, I was frequently changing my position, and I realized that I would not be able to last another fifteen minutes without obvious squirming in my seat. To make matters worse, my jeans were cutting into me, and there was nothing I could do to alleviate this additional pressure.

I tried leaning forward or back a little on my seat, but this didn't really help, so I tried putting both hands beneath my hips on the seat, hoping to take some of the weight off my bladder. It was a bit better, but I really, REALLY needed a pee soon!

I don't know why I got desperate that fast, but I literally had to clench my muscles with all my power in order to hold in my pee. I was close to bursting!

A few minutes later, I asked Alex to stop and explained that I had to pee. He couldn't believe it because he thought that I had already used the toilet in the bar, and said that I would have to hold it another ten minutes because we were running late. I gritted my teeth and didn't say anything, but I was growing very fidgety now. I tried to calm myself down, but I really couldn't sit still any longer.

I couldn't ask Alex again, and I was becoming frightened that I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, not with my jeans pressing so hard against my bladder. I had to do something about it!

As Alex turned his head on the left, I quickly unbuttoned my jeans and felt a great relieve. From then on, I managed to hold it without squirming to obviously until we reached a carpark near a railway station. That was when Alex asked me to take a bag from the rear seat. I groaned inside because it wasn't easy for me to strech back and grab the bag, but I tensed my muslces and reached round to get it for him. He took out two tickets for a world cup soccer game. I was very happy about this, but first of all, I just had to pee.

When we climbed out of the car, it was absolutly impossible for me to close my waistband again, so I pulled my top down a bit down to cover it. Trying not to bug Alex, I asked, as casually as I could manage, if there were toilets because I would need them soon. He explained that there were no toilets by the platform, but the train ride was only five minutes, then we would be inside the stadium where I would be able to go. He seemed a bit irritated now, so I tried not to say anything more about toilets.

On the train, we had to stand. I crossed my legs one way and then the other. After a while, Alex asked me if I really had to pee so bad again. I told him then that I hadn't been able to use the toilets at the bar, and he became a little more sympatatic.

But that didn't help me. I had reached the state in wich holding myself would soon become neccasary, but I didn't want to do this in front of Alex, not on our first date. I grabbed the waistband of my jeans at the back so Alex couldn't see it and pulled it up. It helped a bit, but then the preassure reached a new peak and I had to bend over a bit. When it came time to alight from the train, I found I could not longer walk normally, but had to bend a little at the waist.

I looked around frantically, trying to spot where the toilets were. Alex even looked around with me, but there weren't any signs visible. We could see the entrance to the stadium, and I knew I had to hold it until we got there, but now, every step poked at my poor, overfilled bladder. I really don't know what to do. I tried to walk faster, but in my desperate state it was not a good idea.

During this walk of just a few minutes I had to pull up my jeans every ten steps or so because of the open waistband. My jeans kept on slipping down, so I put my right hand in the pocket to discretly keep them up.

As we reached the entrance I noticed in panic that there were long lines at the building where they were performing the security check. Alex looked at me with concern and asked if I could last through this. I didn't know, but I told him that I would have to manage since there was no other option.

Now I had to stand there and wait. Walking was bad enough, but standing was so much worse. There were a lots of people around and I tried not to dry attention an me. And even though Alex knew that I needed to pee, I didn't want him to know just how bad it was.

I felt a sharp urge to pee now that I was not moving, and once again I pulled my waistband up at the back to hide what I was doing from Alex, but it wasn't enough, and this time I also had to raise my right thigh to fight down the need to let go.

The line moved slowly, and I grew extremely anxious, afraid that I would lose control and wondering what to do. I shifted my weight from one foot to the other, and Alex looked at me a few times and gave me a sympatetic smile.

I was really in trouble. For a little while, the urge subsided and my bladder didn't spasm so hard, I I was able to stand with my legs crossed and both hands in the pockets. But after another ten minutes, the urge intesified again and I was forced to resume tapping one foot and then the other.

In the meantime a few other people also seemed to know what happend with me because a group of boys began kidding and joking, and it began to be humilating. I couldn't think clearly anymore, all I knew was that I was on the end of my tether.

There were at least twenty people in front of me and I knew I couldn't make it. I felt my muscles give way and pressed one hand in my crotch. I knew I would wet my pants any second so I started to push between the waiting people to the entrance. I was tripping with little steps and bent over a long way. Most of them noticed that I really had to pee because I wasn't able to take my hand out of my crotch. Every time I bumped into someone, it almost made me wet myself.

I reached the security check, and a lady looked at me and asked me to spread my legs. I knew I had to do this to get checked, but on the other hand I was not sure if I could hold it five seconds with legs apart. I bounced up and down and told her that I really couldn't do this, and asked her if it would be possible to use the loo first and then get checked. She told me that this was not allowed because I could place a bomb or weapon in there, and I agreed to let her check me over without wasting any more time!

I spread my legs a bit and pressed harder against my peehole. As she started to check me, I tried to keep still but felt I would pee any second, so I turned my right leg inwards to help myself. She stopped and told me to stand still, and I did my very best to do so.

My body was trembling, but after the second try she was able to feel my legs. After that, I had to hold my arms away from my body. Unable to grip myself now, I found I was holding my breath to help me maintain control of my muscles. I was in a shocking state between my legs and badly needed to put my hands back there.

I crossed my legs hard and bent over, at the same time bending my knees to keep dry. The woman told me that I could go in, and I gratefully hobbled forward. Alex was still standing outside because he didn't follow me through the crowd, and I was glad he couldn't see me.

I walked with carful but fast steps to the nearest toilets, both hands pulling up my waistband. Several times, I had to grab my crotch, but I didn't care anymore because I simlpy couldn't hold on.

Inside the ladies there was a line, but when the saw the state I was in, they all let me go first without a single word of protest.

Later, when I joined Alex again, He didn't say anything about my pee performance.

By the way Germany won agaist Sweden 2:0 and after the game we went partying the whole night. Needles-to-say, I tried to pee every time I felt the slightest urge.

