Elizabeth was on her way home from the office. She was bursting for a wee so she called in at her friend Julia's place to use her bathroom. She parked the car, got out and struggled to Julia's front door.
"Hi Jules, can I please use your bathroom? I'm absolutely bursting for a wee." She asked when Julia came to the door.
"Sure, you know where it is," said Julia, standing aside to let her past. Elizabeth took the stairs 2 at a time, holding her crotch as she went. Julia followed her up. Elizabeth darted into the bathroom leaving the door wide open. She hiked up her skirt and yanked down her panties just in time. Before she could properly lower herself onto the toilet seat a gusher of steamy hot golden pee shot forth from her. "Gosh, that's a rare sight," commented Julia, watching her with wide eyes. "Liz so desperate she nearly peed her panties? What on earth happened? You're always so in control? I can't remember you being so desperate before. Why even in school it was so rare for you to be seen going to the girls’ room we used to nickname you Jerry, 'cos we reckoned you must have a bladder the size of a 5 gallon Jerry can."
"Well I was up late and didn't get to go before I left for work and I've been so busy at the office that I've not been all day," explained Liz. "I guess the pee just mounted up and as I was driving home I realised I wasn't gonna make it so I called in on you. Hey, I wondered where 'Jerry' came from. Nobody's ever called it me to my face but I'd sometimes heard it whispered. Hahaha, that's really funny." Liz had just about finished her racehorse like pee, so she pulled off some tissues from the loo roll, dried her pussy and pulled up her panties.
"Let’s go downstairs and have a coffee," suggested Jules. "I'd like to hear how you came to develop such control over your waterworks, or have you always been able to hold it for extraordinarily long times?" They went downstairs and Jules put on the percolator to make the coffee. "So tell me. Have you always had a 5 gallon Jerry can for a bladder?"
"Gosh, no" began Liz. "I was pretty much the same as any other girl when I was young. My parents were very strict. They were also very prim and proper, and bodily functions were never ever talked about. Neither were body parts, and you never, never, ever touched yourself down there in front of anyone. If a lady wanted the toilet, she needed to powder her nose...."
"Strange place to have a nose," interjected Jules.
Elizabeth smiled and continued, "A man would be going to take some air. We children just asked to be excused for a moment. If we had an accident, we would change our panties and rinse the wet ones before putting them in the laundry bin, and nothing was said. However, if we were caught short while we were out with our parents we would have to hold it without touching ourselves, and if we didn't manage to hold it and wet ourselves, then we would get a stern look of disapproval and guaranteed a spanking when we got home. It didn't take any of us long to start to develop strong bladders, and by the time I reached high school I could hold it all day without going."
"How awful. It must have been horrible for you, growing up like that"
"Not really. It was perfectly normal to me. Bodily parts were private and personal, and so were bodily functions. Nobody talked about them at all and you always carried out your bodily functions in private. Public loos were only ever used in a dire emergency. That was the norm for me. I hardly ever used the school toilets and certainly never talked to anyone about peeing and such like, right through school. I thought everyone was brought up like that. I didn't know any different till I left home when I started in University."
"Gosh," said Jules, looking quite shocked. "So things changed for you at university then?"
"Yes. Most of the students would openly talk about their body parts. They would openly say that their fanny was in need of some attention, or declare that they were bursting for a piss and the like, which shocked me at first. Sometimes a group would go to the bathroom together and chat while they peed. I didn't want to seem out of place or different to the rest of them, so I began to let go of the way I had been brought up. When a group went to the bathroom together I would go with them, and I gradually began to be more like the rest of them."
"It must have been quite a culture shock for you, though."
"Of course it was. I felt quite embarrassed the first time I went to the bathroom with a group and we stood there chatting while one of them sat on the loo and had a pee in front of the rest of us. I also well remember the occasion that a group of us were in another girl's room and she stripped off, took a shower and dressed right there in front of us all without batting an eyelid. It was perfectly natural to her."
"Hang on a mo. I'll go get the coffees," Jules interrupted, "They must be ready now," and with that Jules popped into the kitchen. A few moments later she reappeared with a tray of two coffees and a plate of cakes and biscuits. "So you started to become more open yourself, I guess, and began to lose your embarrassment?"
"Yeah, that's right," Liz agreed. "I stopped feeling embarrassed and began to fit in. However, because I was always a long time between peeing, I never did go pee when I was with my mates, and it was soon noticed. When I was asked how come I never seem to go for a piss, I shrugged my shoulders and said I don't need to go that often. Some said it didn't seem natural so I told them about my upbringing, and they were quite shocked. As we chatted about it I began to lose the rest of my inhibitions. I got up and even though I was not desperately in need of taking a piss I went into the bathroom, leaving the door open, and had a pee. Apart from having my friends about and my leaving the door open while I did it, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary for me, but when I returned the girls commented on how long I'd peed for and how they thought I was never going to stop. They wanted to know how long I could hold it and how much did I do when my bladder was really full, but I really didn't know. I'd never taken too much notice. I said I guessed I could hold it from after my first pee after I got up in the morning to perhaps mid way through the evening but I had never timed myself, and as for quantity, I've no idea. They seemed to think that the time I could hold it was amazing, and asked me if we could all have a holding contest to see if any of them could hold it as long as me. I agreed and the next weekend, when there were no lectures, about half a dozen of us held a pee holding contest."
"Really?" said Jules. "That must have really been something for you, after your strict upbringing."
"It was, but I guess it was also the rebel coming out in me. After years of no touching and not talking about it, I was finally allowing myself to be normal, so I guessed that's why agreed to the idea."
"So tell me. What happened then?" Jules asked.
"Well," began Elizabeth. "There were about half a dozen of us that weekend met in my place: Angela, Brenda, Harriet, Frances, Susanne, and me. The others brought videos to watch and games to play. When everyone was there, we agreed how we were going to play it. First we decided that we would all start off at the same level, so we each went and emptied our bladders. Then we agreed that we wanted to know how long each of us held it, and also how much was peed. Someone made the suggestion that we ought to be all drinking the same stuff in the same quantities. Ribena was acceptable to us all and I had loads of it, so we decided that we would dilute a couple of large jarfuls and each of us would drink one glass every hour. Lastly Angela made the comment that whenever she had played 'hold it' games she always needed a second pee not long after the one where she had given in, so we said that we would wait till each of us had had their second pee and add the measure of that to the previous amount– the total being considered as bladder capacity. Each person was encouraged to hold it by all means possible until their pee forced its way out, and their hourly drinks would then stop. A bowl and measuring jug were on hand for when each of us started pissing. Peeing & measuring was to be done in front of everyone. Also a chart was made up with each candidate's name, the time they lasted, and the total amount peed.
With that we each went to the bathroom for a pee and then, when the last person had been, we started the clock. The first 3 hours or so were uneventful but then Harriet began to feel uncomfortable. She started fidgeting and tapping her feet, and when Susanne spotted this she said, "Hey. I reckon we all ought to remove our skirts jeans and panties, otherwise someone could cheat and let some spurts out undetected." We all agreed, so skirts jeans and panties were all removed, leaving everyone wearing just tea shirts and bras, showing their bottom halves off to everyone. I wondered what my prim and proper parents' reactions would be, were they to see us all lounging around in such a state.
Harriet lasted to the four hour point and took her next glass of Ribena, but having drunk it she promptly sat down with her foot under her, and her pee hole firmly pressed against her heel. "Oooh, I think I'm gonna be the first to give in," she said, "but I'm not gonna let go yet." Fifteen minutes later she was pee–pee dancing, and by four and a half hours she had her fingers pressed into her fanny. "I'm not giving in until the pressure forces it to piss out past my fingers." Five minutes later Brenda began to show early signs of discomfort. Four and three quarter hours saw Harriet in absolute agony. She was gritting her teeth with determination and had both hands in her crotch – the one in a fist pushing hard on her pee hole, and the other one adding additional pressure to it. "It....hurts...like...hell," she panted, "I'm.....holding...on...but...it...won't...be...much...longer." Susanne, who was still comfortable, readied herself with the bowl and measuring jug.
At four hours and fifty three minutes Harriet groaned loudly and said, "Noooooo.....it's.....coming....out!!" Susanne dived under her with the bowl just as a powerful jet of steaming hot piss burst forth from Harriet's pee hole. She pissed a strong stream for what seemed an age, before it slowed to a trickle, then to a few drips. Another couple of small spurts and then she was done. Harriet was handed a towel to dry her pussy and Susanne measured the volume pissed.
"4 hours 53 minutes; 850 milliliters, plus." Susanne said as she filled in the chart. "There's the volume of her next piss to add to it."
At five hours the next drinks were consumed and as expected, Brenda's discomfort was more obvious. She was standing up, stooping, pee–pee dancing, and rubbing her pussy, while at the same time Frances had started foot tapping. Ten minutes later, however, Brenda seemed to have settled down again, while Frances' situation was slowly worsening. Harriet reached and picked up the measuring jug. She stooped a little and held it to her crotch and pissed another golden stream. This one did not last as long as the first and measured 750mls. Susanne added this to the chart and proclaimed, "1.6 Liters."
Harriet sat down and began rubbing herself. "Sorry, everyone" she explained, "but that has made me feel dead horny. I've just got to frig myself," and with that spread her legs and masturbated furiously, panting and groaning as she did so. I thought, 'my gosh, mum and dad would have a heart attack if they could see this.'
When Harriet had recovered from satisfying herself she took over the chart, bowl, and measuring jug. Brenda still showed no further signs of discomfort, but Frances was now rocking on her heel, which was of course underneath her pussy, pressing hard against her pee hole. At five hours and forty–five minutes Frances was crouched, her fingers in her fanny, pressing against her pee hole, and she bouncing up and down.
"How close are you?" asked Harriet.
"Can't..... hang...... on....... much.....more. Get...... ready.... oooooohhhh...... with....... owwwwww.... bowl." Harriet came forward and held the bowl ready. Two and a half minutes later Frances gave a long "oooooooohhhhh," moved her fingers from her fanny and let a slow trickle of pee escape. There was a pause followed by another slightly longer trickle, followed by an escape of piss that seemed to go in several directions at once and lasted for ages and ages. Finally Frances finished pissing, grabbed the towel and dried herself.
"Frances, 5 hours 47 1/2 minutes, 950mls plus," proclaimed Harriet.
Brenda was next to pee. Although she seemed to have recovered from her previous discomfort, the need to piss came back with a vengeance and suddenly she jammed her hand between her legs and yelled, "Oh my gosh, I'm nearly pissing. Quick, Harry, the bowl!" And she began rubbing her fanny as if there was no tomorrow. Harriet brought the bowl, chart, and jug, and Brenda stopped rubbing herself and pissed furiously into the bowl. As soon as she had finished pissing she sat down on her chair and resumed rubbing. After only a few seconds she half groaned, half screamed as she brought herself to a shattering orgasm. "Sorry all. I always have to bring myself off after holding it and whenever I cum, I am very noisy.
"Brenda, 5 hours 56 minutes 20 seconds, 850 liters plus," declared Harriet.
At the six hour mark all of the remaining candidates, took their next glass of Ribena, and Frances took the measuring jug into which she deposited a further 550ml of hot golden piss. She handed it to Harriet who declared Frances' final quantity at 1.5 liters. Twenty minutes later Brenda pissed a further 750ml bringing her total to 1.6 liters."
"My gosh. This is making me dead horny listening to it," said Jules. "I'd have loved to have been there," and with that she gave her crotch a gentle rub.
"Think how I am feeling then," replied Elizabeth, "I am reliving the whole scene as I am telling it. My fanny is screaming for some attention."
"Well, hold on and tell the rest and we'll see to our horny fannies after," said Jules.
"OK then," replied Elizabeth, wondering whether that remark meant what she thought it meant. "Where were we? Oh, yes. The seven hour drink came and went without anything particularly exciting happening, and just as the eighth hour was coming up it was Susanne's turn to start fidgeting. She had the eighth hour drink, along with Angela and me, but then went downhill rapidly. In the space of ten minutes she went from fidgeting, through foot tapping and pee–hole pressing to pee–pee dancing, groaning, and fisting her pee hole.
Finally she sat on the floor with her fist to her pee hole and her legs clamped shut and yelled, "Harry, bring the fucking bowl. NOW!" Harriet brought the bowl, but was confused as to how she was supposed to get it under Susanne's fanny. Susanne spread her legs, grabbed the bowl and held it between them, lay back took her fist away from her pee hole, pulled the front of her fanny upwards and pissed a stream in an arch straight into the bowl. When she had finished she exclaimed, "Thank fuck. If I had held it another second I would have burst. That was fucking awesome."
Harriet took the bowl, poured the contents into the measuring jug and proclaimed, "Susanne, 8 hours 11 minutes 10 seconds. 1 litre plus." A short while later and Susanne peed a further 750ml making her total amount 1.75 liters.
Angela lasted 11 hours and 35 minutes before succumbing to the pressure. She was writhing in absolute agony, determined to hang on till the last possible moment, and had the bowl next to her in readiness. When she let go, she pissed 1.1 liters first time and her second was 850ml, making 1.95liters in all. She too had to relieve her pent up frustrations afterwards and when she came it was very noisily.
Angela's second piss had come at 11 hours and 50 minutes, and whilst I could have held on for a while longer, I let go and pissed 1 litre at the 12 hour point, with my second piss coming some thirty minutes later and yielding a further 950ml, giving me the same amount as Angela."
"So you won then," said Jules.
"Yeah, I won on holding time. Capacity was equaled by Angela," confirmed Elizabeth.
"And afterwards did you relieve your frustrations in front of everyone too?"
"Too right I did, and it was long and noisy as well."
"Tut tut tut," said Jules, mockingly, "What would mummy and daddy say?
"Fuck mummy and daddy," Elizabeth exclaimed, "They kept years and years of pleasure from me with their stuck up fucking fancy ideas. If I want to talk about my fanny and pissing, and hold my piss in till I can't hold it in any longer, and then frig and wank myself silly and finger my fucking cunt till I scream with pleasure, I fucking well will, so fuck to them."
Jules smiled and nodded approvingly.
"Right now I feel as horny as hell and my fanny is screaming for attention," proclaimed Elizabeth, with a big grin on her face.
"Come on then," replied a smiling Jules as she grasped Elizabeth's hand. "We'll go up for me to have a much needed piss and then we can have a good wank together and scream the place down as we both cum."
Here's the chart of how the contestants did.
Name Time Lasted First Amount Second Amount Bladder Capacity
Harriet 4hrs 53mins 850ml 750ml 1.6 liters
Frances 5 hrs 471/2mins 950ml 550ml 1.5 liters
Brenda 5 hrs 56mins 20secs 850ml 750ml 1.6 liters
Susanne 8 hrs 11mins 10secs 1.0 liters 750ml 1.75 liters
Angela 11 hrs 35 minutes 1.1liters 850ml 1.95 liters
Elizabeth 12 hrs 1.0 liters 950ml 1.95 liters
By: Gopher