Nicole in the House
	Nicole house-sits...and gets more than she peed for.
Author: dev_ontheDL

Nicole opened the door to the house, casually flicking what was left of a joint into the bushes. She had promised her aunt Carol that she would house-sit for the weekend, and was excited to have the place to herself. The house was as immaculate as it was large, with a massive living room where she planned to sit and watch movies for the night, diapered and comfy. Maybe she would even masturbate through the silky cloth, soiling it with girlcum and shame.

Nicole shook her head with an impish smile and walked into the living room, and immediately noticed a note on the coffee table. She picked it up. "Hi Nicole," the note read. "Please don't drink from the minifridge upstairs."

She set the note back onto the table, shaking her head. Carol had a reputation in the family for her obsession with drinking Pepsi, and Nicole knew Carol was just being protective of her fizzy drinks. "Jesus, Carol," she muttered.

Nicole sat on the couch with a crinkle, kicking off her socks and shoes, and took out her laptop. She laid down, back curled and knees up, stimulating her bladder. Just as she was starting to get comfortable, she felt the first pang. She had to pee.

Nicole set her laptop to the side with a sigh. Savoring the pressure for a moment, she finally gathered the willpower to stand and sourly made her way towards the bathroom. As she reached for the door handle, however, she suddenly had an idea: Why not use the toilet between her legs instead? She reached down and crinkled the diaper between her thighs, dry and begging to be used.

Before she could release her aching bladder, she suddenly had an idea: Why not hold it in for a little longer? Maybe she'd have a drink or two from the liquor cabinet to spice things up as well. Nicole grinned devilishly as she had the perfect idea: A mixed drink. The diuretics of caffeine and alcohol would blend well, a perfect storm that would unleash a veritable tsunami between her thighs.

She grabbed a bottle of rum quickly- wincing as the act of bending over put pressure on her already-aching bladder. But where was the Coke? Of course- Carol would never allow Coke in her home. But she had Pepsi upstairs, Nicole was sure of it. Nicole ran upstairs to the minifridge in Carol's bedroom and threw the door open, only to be greeted with- what? Soda bottles with no label, filled with clear liquid. It occurred to Nicole that this must be Crystal Pepsi. She'd never seen it before, but she grabbed a bottle all the same, flinching once more as the act of bending squeezed a single droplet of pee from between her legs.

She feverishly mixed the drink and gulped it down hungrily. Feeling the cold liquid run down her throat and towards her bladder made her shiver with excitement. But wait- where would she wet herself? The couch was out of the question- no doubt the furniture was worth as much as the house!

Where, then? Suddenly it hit her- the bathtub! Nicole dashed as quickly as she could, stoned, with her hand between her legs to the bathroom. Her stomach began to rumble. "I don't think that Crystal Pepsi was safe to drink," she thought. But it was too late to have second thoughts.

She sloppily ripped off her tight jeans and tank top and dove into the bathtub in only her diaper. Nicole thrust her hands between her legs, struggling to keep the floodgates shut. Squirming, she knew it was a battle she was destined to lose. Little did she know, as her bulging bladder became bigger and bigger, just how great her loss would be.

---

In the bottom of the wide, marble bathtub, in the center of the bathroom, Nicole squirmed at the immense pressure in her bladder that seemed, impossibly, to build with every torturous second that passed. Her eyes were scrunched shut in her head, which was tilted upwards as she held her thighs together with ramrod arms. Suddenly, she was seized with the urge to open her eyes. She followed her urges- that is to say, she looked down to her waist. There, bulging impossibly large from under her navel, was her bladder. It was wobbling like a beach ball floating in the surf- and with good reason. Even with her diapered butt resting against the bottom of the tub, her bulbous bladder bulged several inches over the top of the tub.

"This can't be real," she thought. "There must've been something else in that weed." If this was a hallucination, though, it was a pretty convincing one. She moved her hands toward her enormous bladder. As she touched it with just the tip of one nail on her finger, it shuddered visibly- and pleasure radiated from her waist to her fingertips, toes, and head in an instant.

Sometimes when a girl's bladder leaks into her diaper, it begins as a drop, then a trickle, then a dribble, then a flood of golden liquid. But this, to put it simply, was not an ordinary bladder. Nicole lay lifeless in the tub, overcome by pleasure, as a torrent of hot, wet urine shot out of her body and into the bottom of the diaper. She grabbed the sides of the diaper as the sheer force and volume of her urination began to push it down her legs. The diaper, already receiving a jet of urine, was pulled up and squished against Nicole's searing pussy.

The diaper, already beyond saturated, was practically immersed in the rapidly-filling tub. Nicole shot her eyes upwards, belly rapidly deflating as wave after wave of pleasure and relief coursed through her veins with no sign of stopping. Suddenly, as if her hallucination could get no more vivid, she saw a pair in front of the tub, a man and a woman. He, muscular, tanned, hung. She, slim, pale, ...dangerous.

Nicole spread her tongue out as the man straddled her chest. She already knew what he wanted. She put his penis to her lips and sucked. Like milk from a bottle, a hot jet of urine coursed from the tip of his penis and surged down her throat. Nicole kept breathing, but didn't choke as she felt the urine pass its way through her stomach and into her bladder. It would not be there long, however, as her body continued to drain quietly but forcefully into the bathtub. As he used her throat like a hydrant on a hose, he began to deepthroat her, her lips already moist from sweat and urine. He came, violently, coating Nicole's chest and spilling his semen into the tub of pee.

Next it was the girl's turn. She was filled with the man's semen already. She gently removed the diaper from Nicole's legs and, like a ballerina getting into tights, pulled the dripping underwear between her own legs. Taking it in both hands, she squeezed it out over Nicole's breasts, eliciting greater moans of pleasure. Pressing it to her thin vagina, she clamped her legs around Nicole's neck and mounted her face diaper-first. Nicole could hardly breathe from the massive diaper in her face.

Suddenly, Nicole felt a familiar warm vibration from the front of the diaper against her face. The girl's urine mingled with the dripping semen as it poured out of the ruined diaper and down Nicole's raw, flushed cheeks. The girl finished and began to grind the diaper against Nicole's nose. After a few moments, a shuddering orgasm erupted from the slender, screaming girl and she rolled off and out of the tub. In a flash, Nicole felt a pair of hands slide the overflowing and cum-soaked diaper under the surface of the pee and up her legs, stopping short against her pussy.

Nicole spread her legs wide, exploring the newfound freedom of the wide tub that was now two-thirds filled with steaming urine and gooey semen. She sighed with pleasure as she felt the warm mixture of fluids flow into her open pussy.

Nicole was seized with pleasure. Suddenly, in a last act, the man's thick hands seized the top of her head and shoved it down beneath the urine. When Nicole's head broke the surface again, it was accompanied by a slurp and a moan of pleasure.

Finally, seized by a wild urge, Nicole leapt up from the tub. The diaper's width forced Nicole's legs to keep wide as the pee and cum dripped helplessly from her gaping vagina.

She began to mount the corner of the counter, humping relentlessly and covering the counter with fluids and slime. She pulled the waistband of her diaper aside and began fingering herself heavily.

After what seemed like an impossibly long time, she pulled her hand out and released a scream as a pulse of pleasure radiated throughout her pussy. She curled her toes and arched her legs as she crashed down onto the toilet seat and passed out onto the floor.

There were two days left in the house.
