Hel It All Day, And Held It All Night

Posted Sparklegirls2000 on May 28th, 2011 at 1:45PM

It was that one day in school... My friend never liked to pee in school. She thought the toilets were to dirty and gross. Of course, she never really had to until one day she a 24oz bottle of water with her lunch.

It was 7th period. 2 periods after lunch. Julie and I had class together, and out of luck were placed to sit next to each other. All of a sudden, I hear these soft, moaning sounds. I turned to look at Julie, only to see that she was biting her lip and had tears in her eyes. I leaned to my left and whispered "Do you have to pee?" She turned to me, and with a tear running down to her cheek, replied "yes! SO BAD!!!" I had had a 16 oz bottle of pop at lunch, and had an inkling of pee waiting to get out of my bladder. Class went on, as my bladder began filling. I had to be bad now. Desperation just a few minutes away. Julie started holding her crotch through her tight, light blue jeans.

I leaned over to her and asked: What do yo say to a pee holding contest? whoever bursts first looses. She smirked and nodded. We lived in a dorm together at the time, so we could watch and make sure nobody could lie and say they didn't go. It was 5 minutes to the bell and I now was in desperate need to pee. I had my legs crossed and my hand in between my legs, trying to keep the pee in. Te bel rang, and Julie and I struggled to stand and grab our things with our bursting bladders. 8th hour came and gone. And we drove home. We had to park in our usual spot, which was 1 block away from our dorm house. We were walking cross legged now. Pee fighting our bladders to be released. We had to stop several times, for we nearly spurted into our pants.

Finally home, we plopped down on the dining room chairs, holding our vagina's and trying to stop the pee from coming. Soon, our bladders were to their limits and we were both on the floor, holding our crotches. We were both crying laying on the floor, trying to find comfort in some way. Soon it was 10 o'clock, we were both to tired to stay up any longer, so we crawled to bed. We considered letting go, but I decided to see who could hold it the longest. It was Saturday the next day so we were home. Next morning at 5am, we both found ourselves awake and in complete desperation to relieve our bladders. It ad been almost 16 hours that we had held our pee. We both slept in our panties and lacy unpadded, not very supportive bras, and were usually quite self consious about showing ourselves to the opposite, but we were in pain, and didn't care at the time.

Soon, Julie started spurting. She grabbed a glass from her bedside table and put it under her vagina. Soon, she started spurting even more. And then, a hissing sound came over Julie. She had let go. About a minute later, the stream of pee stopped, but evidently she still had more to come. She carefully put the full to the top glass back on the bedside table, and inched out of bed hopping to the kitchen, her D cup breasts bouncing, and her black pubic hair showing through her soaked pink-polka dot panties. She came back with 8 tall glasses, putting four on my bedside table, and four on hers.

She new she had lost, as she held the cup under her vagina 4 more times, and eventually soaking her bed sheets with pee. The desperation was to hard for me to hold onto any longer. I picked up a cup, placing it under my vagina. The pee rushing out from my instantly relieved bladder. Not 10 seconds later, the 1st glass was full. The second glass took longer. 4 glasses weren't enough. I soaked the sheets completely as 16 long hours of pee rushed out my probably swollen bladder. At last, some 3 1/2 minutes later, my bladder was relieved. I laid back down on my bed, glad to have my bladder relieved, once more.

