Lee lies still, awake enough to know she needs to pee, but not enough to actually do anything about it. She watches as her friend Donna stirs in her sleep, moans, and goes quiet again. She and Donna are new friends; they have not yet learned the intimacies of the other's mannerisms and habits. Donna's covers are kicked back and Lee can see Donna's hand resting between her legs, where dark curls peek from under the crotch of her white panties. Donna's hand moves, ever so slightly, and she arches her back, just a bit.
Another moan. Lee wonders if the hand has anything to do with the moan. It doesn't surprise the 23–year–old blond to realize she, and apparently her nipples, like the idea that it does. She had hinted to Donna that she was bi–curious and Donna's only response was a dismissive giggle. Maybe she thought I was joking, she had thought. Lee often wonders if they will become lovers. Donna just wonders when. Lee is awake enough now to realize her imminent need for the toilet and quietly extricates herself from her own tangled covers and stands as she reaches for the tent's zippered front flap. The cool morning air touches her bare legs and a spasm from her bulging bladder sends her hand between her own legs to squelch the sudden intense urge to pee. She clasps her hand tightly against her pussy and holds it until the urge passes. Lee lingers in her moist warm place, stroking her slit through her panties, aware of and encouraged by the slickness she finds there. Donna stirs again and forcefully thrusts her palm against her mound now, writhing, moaning, then falling still again. Lee reaches out, tentative, stopping just above Donna's crotch. She can see a tiny wet spot has formed and knows she has a matching one in her own panties. She flirts with the idea of just taking the bull by the horns, or in this case, the cow by the cunt, and thrusting her hand between Donna's legs. She's not really sure enough to do so, though, so settles for continuing to rub her own wet pussy while she watches Donna's almost imperceptible stroking of her dark fur–lined slit.
Lee studies her friends face now as lust encourages her desire. Donna is a bit older at 28 and is the opposite of Lee's just off the farm girl, next door pretty. Hers is a glamorously exotic beauty, complete with a dark skinned perfect complexion and a gloriously full figured body. Lee own pert breasts heave as she studies her friend's heavy full breasts, wondering what they might feel like. Lee considers just kissing her. As she daydreams of the possibilities she realizes Donna's green eyes are open, her lips parted invitingly as she shifts her gaze to observe with interest Lee's hand buried in her crotch. The exotic beauty smiles, the gesture both an invitation and a consent, as she spreads her legs and moves her hand smoothly to Lee's swollen nipple. "My, we are really awake this morning, aren't we, sunshine?" she exudes breathlessly in that curiously sexy accent as her thumb and fore finger roll Lee's excited hard nipple between them with an excruciatingly delightful pressure. Lee squeals in delight and protest. " Oh god, Donna, that feels so wonderful but I have to pee so badly!" "Let's go pee and then continue this, please!" With that she stands and starts to unzip the tent's front flap. The zipper slides down about a foot and stops, the zipper's teeth jammed tight into the heavy tent fabric. It is stuck tightly and Lee's efforts only cause the sharp teeth to bite harder into the unyielding canvas fabric. Now in a frantic pee–dance, Lee turns to her friend exclaiming, "Donna, please, what can I do to open this flap, I've got to pee so badly I'm going to pee my panties any moment!" Donna's adopts a mocking attitude that is just south of angering the frantically dancing blond. "What's wrong, dear, is it stuck?" Donna says the words slowly, that mocking grin on her face growing as she arches her back, stretching, her hard red nipples nearly poking through the thin satin of her chemise. "Well, I guess you'll just have to hold it until we can figure out how to free the zipper, sweetie," Donna says the words in her mocking manner, teasing Lee as her hand slips into the wiggling blonde's panties in unconcealed lust. "Either that or pee in these panties which already seem to be a tiny bit wet." "It doesn't seem to be pee, though, I wonder what it could be?" "Why don't you just lie down here and let's see what it is and what can be done," Donna continues as her stroking fingers encounter Lee's swollen parted sex. The desperate girl nearly screams as she writhes against Donna's touch, exclaiming "Donna, oh god please stop, I'm not kidding, I'm going to pee all over you if I don't get out that flap right now!" Lee's frantic dance continues but she makes no move to extract Donna's stroking fingers. "Oh!" "Oh my god, Donna!" I'm going to pee my panties!" "Please, tell me, what can I do?" Lee exclaims, bent over with Donna's hand imprisoned in her moist crotch. It is quite obvious Lee is about to lose control, but still, she makes no effort to remove Donna's insistently probing fingers.
"Why Lee, I should think that to be very simple, my dear," continued Donna.
"You have to pee, you can't wait, and you can't seem to get the tent flap open." Donna has extracted her hand now, and still sitting on her sleeping bag, grasps Lee's hands in her own and pulls the unresisting girl over her, her spread legs directly over Donna's own exposed panties. "Pee, Lee, just relax and pee." "You're going to do it anyway eventually so just do it now!"
Lee looks at her friend in disbelief, exclaiming. "Ok, yes, I guess I will pee my panties very soon, but turn me loose or I'm going to pee all over you!" Donna's grasp on Lee's hands tightens as she speaks now, continuing in that mocking voice, but now it is low and sexy, the look of lust in her face adding emphasis to her words. "Baby, I don't have a problem with that!" Lee wonders if she is hearing her friend correctly when she becomes aware of a loud hissing noise. She looks down to see Donna's white panties darken as piss floods from the crotch turning the white fabric a dark shiny yellow.
Donna pisses furiously now and the hot girl pee spills out forcefully, overflowing her panties and forming a puddle in the sleeping bag around her.
Lee's feet are now wet in Donna's pee puddle, but she makes no attempt to escape, her eyes riveted on Donna's still pissing crotch. Lee looks in disbelief at her friend, amazed at what she sees, as Donna's insistent finger again finds her moist throbbing slit. "There now, see how easy that was," she croons. "It's so nice and warm and wet and the relief feels just wonderful too." "Do it, do it now, Lee, just let it happen, just pee." "Pee in your panties, baby, pee through your panties, pee on my panties, and pee on me."
Lee is beyond control now, responding both to Donna's sexy insistent voice and writhing wildly on her buried finger. Lee tries frantically to catch her breath and regain control, but it is too late. She feels her pussy giving way now, both to her hot piss and the building orgasm brought on by Donna's deeply plunging digit. The desperate blonde's breasts bounce wildly as her body convulses. Lee's knees weaken and her voice becomes erratic, and then trails off in babbling gibberish as she cums. "Oh god, Donna, I'm cumming, I'm going to pee my panties, I'm cumming, I'm going to pee all over you, oh..." Lee's voice disappears as her legs fail and she sits down straddling Donna's pissy panties. She kisses Donna forcefully now as her bucking spasming pussy loses all control and her hot piss literally explodes into her panties. The pressure of her stream is intense and forceful. Donna touches the hot yellow stream pouring through Lee's crotch and then pulls the sodden panties aside to direct the heavy piss stream against her pulsing throbbing clit. She begins to cum immediately, and now both girls buck together, holding on to each other to steady themselves in the double climax wracking their bodies. Finally they both calm and come to rest. Lee's bladder is still swollen and overly full; almost immediately she is again in need of relief. "Donna, you're not going to believe this," Lee begins, almost shyly, but I have to pee again. I want to do it here and now." "Do you mind?" Donna strokes her new lover's face gently, smiling the smile of fresh lust. "Go ahead, sweetie, I would love to join you," she spoke the words as she began gently pissing. Donna joined her and the puddle around them soon warmed and deepened. They sat for a few minutes until the cooling pee puddle finally became uncomfortable. "Well, lover, we still have to figure how to get out of this tent," Lee reminded her friend.
"Really, Donna replied, standing. "I thought you just wanted to get the front flap open." "If I had known you just wanted out you could have used the back door," she chided, gesturing toward the obviously unzipped and untied flap at the other end of the tent. Lee looked at the open flap in disbelief, then at her wet friend, mock anger clouding her face. "You weasel!" she replied, hands on her hips. "You knew how badly I needed to pee and you didn't say anything about a back flap." "You should be ashamed!" "Piss on you!" "Again already?" "Ok!" Donna replied, smiling broadly.
By: King Neptune