Nissa shivered with excitement as she hung up the phone. She had just received a call from Lindsey Hoover. LINDSEY HOOVER!!! The guitarist and lead singer of the band she had worshipped practically all her life! In her wildest dreams of becoming a rock star, she had never anticipated THIS. A 5'1"–110 pound, black–haired eighteen year old who had just graduated high school last week was going on tour with her favourite band, TrashFlinger! She HAD to be dreaming. Nissa pinched herself to make sure she was awake before dialling up her band mates to reveal the news. Since Grade 8, Nissa and her best friends had been fans of TrashFlinger, a local punk rock band that had been kicking around for almost ten years now. Nissa and her three band mates had learned to play different instruments to put together a decent cover band, named Morbid Schemes. It had all been mainly for their own fun, as they taught themselves all the TrashFlinger songs in their garages. However, TrashFlinger had recently gained a cult following over the internet and Morbid Schemes had gotten a few gigs around town over the past year, including an hour long show the night before at Freddy's Bar and Grill. TrashFlinger was finally off to their first major tour. The Black Widows, another all–girl band, had invited the band to open twenty–four shows for them, all in major North American cities. TrashFlinger had immediately accepted, as touring with a major band known all over the world would mean big time exposure and a LOT of money. Unfortunately, the bassist, Brandi Creston, had fractured her hand in a freak accident while walking her dog last week.Rather than backing out of the agreement with the Black Widows just ten days before the first show in Detroit, TrashFlinger had decided to look for a replacement bassist first. It was a long shot, but the logical place to start was Glenton, their home town. They had played small shows there for six years before garnering any fame at all. It had been nearly impossible to find a cover band that was familiar with all their songs, not just the latest hits the band was famous for. At Freddy's, Lindsey finally discovered a cover band that played the band's older songs along with the new album. She had immediately looked up Morbid Schemes' website and then found the bassist's home number in the phone book. With a little coaching from Brandi, Nissa might just be the girl who saved TrashFlinger's dream of touring North America!A week later, Nissa found herself backstage in Detroit's famous Machine Shop. She was more nervous than she had ever been in her life, despite accumulating over a hundred hours of practice with her new band already. She prayed she wouldn't let everyone down on such a huge stage.Brandi had taken Nissa under her wing, making sure the teenager had everything down to perfection. Brandi was stoked to be on tour even if she couldn't play. She had felt horrible after breaking her hand, knowing her band members had been waiting a lifetime for a chance like this. Luckily, Nissa's talents had kept the band on the road.Less than an hour before show time, the phone rang inside the dressing room. Lindsey answered it and after a few minutes of strange conversation, she hung up and addressed her band. "That was the Black Widows' manager– they want us to freaky up our act to be more like theirs." "What do you mean the drummer?" Charlotte asked. "We already dress Gothic– they want more make–up or something?" Lindsey squinted thoughtfully before answering. "No, they want us to be more extreme than that. Hang on, I have an idea."She got up and returned with a 12–pack of water bottles. "Before we finish our set with the hit single, we will drop our pants and piss on the crowd."There was silence throughout the room. Nissa was terrified at the idea, but dared not question the band leader. Charlotte finally spoke, "We could get kicked off the tour for that? I don't think it's a good idea at all."Lindsey immediately got up to her feet. "Come on, girls! They want us to be outrageous! Those Black Widows are crazy nut jobs! We have to keep up or we'll get booed off the stage by the lunatic fans out there! What else are we gonna do? We can't steal the Black Widows' own stunts now, can we?"There was silence again, so Lindsey spoke once more. "Nissa, what do you think?"Nissa shrugged, unwilling to take sides. She was still quite intimidated by her childhood heroes seated around her. However, the three girls continued to stare until she answered. "I don't know, you both make good points. I can do it if we decide to."That seemed to sway Charlotte. "OK, let's do it," she said decisively. "Not like we have anything to lose, may as well go all out."Lindsey grinned and leapt to action, handing out water bottles to Charlotte and Nissa. "Ok, make sure you drink enough so you can pee out a strong stream to reach the crowd. We're only on stage for forty–five minutes, so we don't have that much time to fill up."Nissa chugged nervously. She had just visited the toilets twenty minutes ago. She had no idea if she could make herself need to pee again so quickly. She finished her bottle before anyone else and grabbed a second one. By the time she had forced down the second bottle, she felt bloated and light–headed. Lindsey and Charlotte had both stopped drinking a few gulps into their second bottles.Five minutes to show time, Nissa felt like nervous enough to black out at any moment. The other girls in the room were looking quite pale as well, having never played in front of so many people before. Nissa still didn't feel the slightest need to pee. She quietly asked Charlotte if she needed to pee yet, who replied that she did feel a slight need. Nissa nervously reached for another bottle and took several gulps. By the time it was time to go onstage, the bottle was nearly empty.TrashFlinger ran on stage, jumping right into their first song as planned. Nissa dared not to look up at the blinding lights dancing around the stage or the massive crowd of fans surrounding her. Focussing only on her guitar, she felt strangely composed playing song after song in perfect tune. In the middle of the fourth song, she finally felt safe enough to look up at the crowd for a brief moment. It wasn't too bad, since she wasn't able to see anyone's face in the dark.As Nissa grew increasingly confident, she began contributing to the 'bad girl' act Lindsey was performing as she played. Nissa wasn't confident enough to spit and kick at fans like Lindsey, but fingered the crowd between songs and even managed to work in a nipple licking gesture. She was feeling a growing need to pee and figured she'd be full soon enough to produce a nice stream for the crowd.To her horror, Nissa's desperation seemed to multiply ten–fold over the next three songs. It wasn't taking long for the water to flow through her tiny body. With four songs still remaining before the pee show, her need to pee was urgently increasing. She clenched her thighs together tightly, hoping no one in the crowd noticed the abnormal behaviour. She glanced nervously at Charlotte and Lindsey, who were both having the time of their lives, oblivious to her situation.With two songs to go, Nissa's legs were crossed together in a tight knot. She was losing focus on her task and had made a few errors in the last song. Luckily, no one had seemed to notice. She was trembling head to toe, regretting her decision to drink so much more than the other girls. She was in major danger of peeing her tight faded jeans in front of thousands of people, disgracing herself and the band to boot. Nissa bounced up and down as she played; she was sure many people in the crowd had figured out she needed to pee and were watching her every move.The song finally ended. Just one more to go. Could she SOMEHOW hang on for another three minutes and forty–two seconds? It seemed like a lot to ask with her need to pee so intense, so immediate. She longed to hold herself, but there was no possible way with both hands being used to play the guitar.A minute into the song, Nissa felt herself squirt. She gritted her teeth together and just managed to clench the flow. She had just wet the crotch of her panties and soon she would pee her jeans. There would be pictures of her accident all over the internet; she would never live this down. Yes, exposing her vagina to pee on the crowd was humiliating, but at least that was Lindsey's decision she could do nothing about. Wetting her pants like a six year old girl was a hundred times worse and all her own doing.A longer squirt escaped a minute later. Nissa had to stop playing momentarily to push on her pussy to regain control, causing a quick glance from Lindsey. She had a large wet spot on her jeans now; she could feel the pee seeping down the inside of her leg wetting the tight denim cloth. She somehow hung on for the rest of the song.Thankfully, Lindsey had noticed Nissa's desperation and wasted no time lowering the mike and unzipping her pants as the song ended. Nissa quickly followed her lead and walked to the edge of the stage. Unfortunately, it was nearly impossible to get her jeans undone in such a desperate state. She squirted again, trying to pull the zip down with quivering fingers. This time, there was no regaining control. The dam burst and a full bladder's worth of pee flowed out of her, drenching her jeans. She couldn't help but sigh in intense relief as the growing pee puddle at her feet started to drip off the stage. She closed her eyes and felt her face burn in embarrassment– her time in the band was surely over along with any kind of social life she would EVER have.Charlotte, in the process of walking from her drum set to the edge of the stage, noticed Nissa's accident. She changed course to join her and peed her own pants with a vulgar gesture at the crowd. The crowd cheered loudly at the two wetting scenes and Lindsey's golden shower spraying them. Nissa looked over at Charlotte who smiled warmly at her. Now no one would ever know she had wet her jeans by accident– it would all just seem like a part of the show.Nissa couldn't refrain from giving Charlotte a big hug. Charlotte quickly turned the embrace into a passionate lesbian kiss, groping Nissa's soaked ass. The crowd roared again and Lindsey gestured at her band to get back on their instruments to play the final song. After the concert, the Black Widows invited TrashFlinger to join them for the European leg of the tour, another twenty–six shows.
By: Full Bladder