James was so impressed by his trip dancing with Sue that he wanted to catch her performance on his video. The trip was planned as a day trip to the Isle of Wight. James and Sue set off at 6:00 a.m. to avoid traffic and spend the whole day. The trip to Portsmouth was fast and felt even faster as the conversation was fluid and easy. Sue was wearing a short red skirt and a white top and a little pair of pale pink string bikinis. Her long legs were tanned and very shapely and her white crop top complimented her little pert breasts. James bought Sue a nice white body shaper as a present and she put it on in the ladies’ room at a little restaurant in Salisbury where they stopped to replenish their tea supply. Sue liked to drink tea and had already finished her flask in the two hours spent in the car. Sue did not need to use the bathroom other than to change, the tea unfortunately was not talking to her yet. James went to purchase some fresh rolls and some apples and other snack foods to eat on the journey. Sue came back to the car and flashed James a little as she got in the car and put the little pink knickers in her bag. She had brought a couple of changes of clothes in case the game took a damp turn. The body shaper with its little snaps in the gusset added a little extra challenge to outside peeing. The rest of the journey to Portsmouth was uneventful. Sue's bladder was not in the mood for being entertaining and was ignoring all that was being put into it. A planned stop in a park outside Portsmouth was bypassed as she still was not nearly full, having only an annoying "slight need " sensation that she did not find pleasurable. The ferry was in so they got on and traveled to the island. It was a hot day and Sue had a large orange juice on the boat and went out to watch the water splashing off the bow of the boat. Maybe it was the idea of having a camera but she still wasn’t ready for action. Lunch in Ryde was accompanied with a half of bitter whereupon Sue started feeling somewhat bloated by all of the drink. This was followed by a train ride to Shanklin where there is a quiet beach and a sea wall. The sea wall was one of the planned venues for a mega piss. Sue had not used the bathroom since before six that morning and it was now 2.00 PM. Eight hours, numerous cups of tea, (she had lost count) a large orange juice and the half of bitter and she was still not bursting. The day was fun and they had a good time but the video camera was still in its case. They decided that eight hours should still give a good performance anyway, so she sat herself on the wall. James got the camera out and ready. Sue worked hard but nothing came out –her bladder seemed to be on strike. After a few minutes she finally produced a few spurts and a small puddle on the stones below. It was decided that they would enjoy the scenery and the beach while taking lots of videos of them together having fun. All too soon it would be time to catch the train back to Ryde and then the ferry, so might as well forget the pee thing and just enjoy the day. Sue was definitely not thirsty as they ate some of the cheese, apples and the rolls and then got onto the ferry. It was a lot rougher on the water and it was not so hot on the deck this time. A few minutes into the voyage, Sue, (you guessed it!) finally needed to pee, and as it would not be possible to film it on the ferry, they decided to try to get to the park they were planning to visit on the outward journey. That was another 20 minutes on the ferry and about 15 minutes in the car once on the other side. Sue was confident that there would be no problem. James, also knowing her abilities, was similarly unconcerned. Just as the ferry was docking, the breeze off the water had turned really chilly and Sue started to get squirmy. Then it happened –on the crowded deck and without warning, a few drops escaped down her leg. "I must go" she said, obviously not wanting an accident on the crowded boat. Unfortunately her bladder remembered only that she had wanted so badly to pee so...It started really slowly at first, and she thought once a little pressure was relieved it would likely hold but– wrong again! It started to hiss loudly; clearly pissed by the day's games and pee started splashing people all around sending them running for safety. It had only been two hours since the poor little performance on the sea wall but you would have thought she had not peed all week. Needless to say they both got off the boat and into the car as soon as the gangplank was put up under the stares of the other passengers! Sue changed out of the now soaked body shaper and back into the cute little string bikinis and they started the journey home. Both of them were able to find the funny side of the day and laughed all the way home. They had managed to have a good day out, make some nice wholesome videos and gained some new respect for the people who make the videos you see for sale, realizing that it is a very unpredictable game no matter who the lucky subject is! 
Mary