Training Good Girls With Full Bladders

Posted by aliceleed on June 26th, 2011 at 1:22PM

Revised from a story on ASSTR.org but I added the anime images.

A special school to train good girls! The girls wear regular uniforms during the day, including regular "little girl" panties. The panties are always worn over a state-of-the-art electronic chastity belt. Normally the panties are cotton or nylon, but for punishment or special training the girl may wear waterproof plastic panties. Each girl wears a chastity belt complete with anti-masturbation secondary guard, and clitoral anti-orgasm cup. This is known as a three tiered chastity belt since there are a total of three barriers in place to prevent undesired behavior.

All girls wear their chastity belt continuously, 24/7, except for brief weekly inspections. The primary guard has been developed over many years in adult chastity control devices so as to prevent unauthorized intercourse while at the same time providing a continuous and controlled arousal in the wearer by capturing the labial lips and applying a continuous pressure to them.

The secondary guard is constructed to maintain a separation between the labia and any possible external means of stimulation. It is specifically designed to resist self- stimulation by the wearer; the only opening is a small (2mm diameter) urine hole which is blocked by means of an S bend in the tubing which allows the urine to exit. Accordingly the only thing which could be inserted through this hole is a thin flexible wire, and the tubing entrance is arranged such that even this will not contact the vaginal or labial area! 

Finally, the chastity belt includes several discipline and urination control mechanisms. The primary mechanism is a radio controlled shocking device which delivers a painful electric shock upon command. In addition a computer system keeps track of the girl's location and activities and delivers a shock if the girl is detected violating a rule. A moisture sensor in the urine exit tube detects any urination and if the computer system determines that the girl is not authorized to urinate then a series of shocks is delivered. 

Girls are allowed two toilet visits daily and 10 minutes is allowed for peeing during each session. As punishment the sessions can be randomly interrupted, forcing the girl to suddenly stop peeing until the session is allowed to continue. This continuation could well be 12 hours or more later! 

All girls are kept on a twice daily urinary restriction schedule. 

Girls who perform well and please their user are given privileges based on how well their user rates them. Rewards range from extra pee sessions to complete removal of the chastity belt for a short time. Earning extra points may allow the complete removal of the belt, For example, the long night is the most difficult to endure for the girls, as no pee privilege is allowed. They have to last all night and stay dry. If they behave and earn points, they may be allowed to relieve themselves in the middle of the night.

As a result the girls are highly motivated to please.

Urinary Distress 

On request, any or all of the girls presented can be supplied in various states of urinary distress. A request for maximum distress will result in the following special preparations:

For the 24 hours preceding presentation, the girl is given extra fluids and diuretics to maximize urine production. This amounts to approximately 5 liters in addition to the normal minimum daily consumption of 5 liters! In addition a 24 hour "no-pee" period is enforced before the preparation begins, and each girl wears a special moisture sensor (often her chastity belt with the control unit set on "high") to prevent unauthorized urination during the preparation process. By the time these girls are put on display they will be barely able hold their pee! Typically a wait of thirty minutes or less from that point will produce a complete loss of control.

Naturally it is entirely up the user just how this state of extreme distress is used and what (if any) relief is allowed.

TOLIET DISCIPLINE (Seperate Story) 

Any supervisor or governess could decide that we were to be punished for some infraction of the rules and would mete out a sentence of "toilet discipline". 

The "toilet discipline" punishment was especially hard on the really young girls, enough so that it was rarely used for a girl younger than 4 years old, and the 5 and 6 year olds got much lighter sentences. Once you got to your 7th birthday though you had to endure the full effect. Even the oldest 12 year old girls had trouble meeting the standards the set. Of course by 12 years old the girls had been in the Good Girl program for at least 6 years and many of them since they were infants and were very well behaved! 

Usually "toilet discipline" meant you were allowed to pee only twice a day, typically girls would receive this punishment level maybe once a month for a week or so. Of course we were always required to drink a lot of fluids so we would be producing a lot of pee, usually as much as three liters a day.

Fluid intake was very carefully monitored for each girl so that there was no way to cheat on intake. According to the rules we were only allowed to pee twice a day anyway, but we could usually sneak away somewhere and relieve ourselves a few extra times during the day when the pressure got too bad, but during punishment times our chastity belt was used to enforce the "twice a day" rule so there was no way to "cheat". We had to wear a chastity belt all the time anyway, but for "toilet discipline" a special "electric controller" would be added. The way it worked used the secondary guard on the chastity belt would be energized with an electric current.

Since this guard was held a tiny fraction of an inch away from our body we would not get a shock so long as we stayed dry. However if we were to pee even a few drops, then the pee would complete the electric circuit and we would receive a painful electric shock. Next we were put into heavy plastic panties which were locked onto our chastity belt with a steel cable sewn into the waistband so that we couldn't remove them. The plastic panties were to make sure that if we peed then we would continue to get a shock every few seconds until the next time we were allowed to pee. 

Once we wet the plastic panties made sure that there was NO way to get dry again! The punishment time was typically three days to a week, but it might be extended for other infractions; if we were judged particularly bad then we might only be allowed to pee once a day for the entire time!

The time of our punishments were often extended to at least two weeks on one pretext or another. The longest I was on enforced "twice daily" was six months and the longest I was on "once a day" was two weeks. The very worst was when we were not allowed to pee at all, they called this "no pee" and it was reserved for truly special punishments! This didn't happen very often, but when it did it meant a minimum of 24 hours without any relief whatsoever! Once I was on "no pee" for three days straight – that was truly awful! I actually managed to stay dry for almost a full day that time, but once the electric shocks started there was simply no stopping them – they only got more intense and more frequent as I lost all control. I had to wear diapers for a week after before I regained even a little control! I don't know how to describe the feeling to you. 

It was horrible every time I had to endure it, and I never learned to cope with it at all. I would usually end up losing all control and being overpowered by the guards as soon as I knew what was happening. Of course this only meant a more severe punishment; at the very least I would have my hands shackled behind my back for the first few days of punishment. You always knew that you would not be able to last long enough to avoid getting an electric shock, but you tried as hard as you could anyway! 

Of course the chastity belt meant that you couldn't hold yourself and even crossing your legs didn't help very much. All you could do was to clench your pelvic muscles, but if you did that too much the "anti-masturbation" device installed on your clitoral shield might decide that you were trying to masturbate and give you a painful jab in THAT sensitive spot! 

We did a lot of "squirming" and "fidgeting" during our punishments; it didn't help but that was ALL we could do – "sitting still" just was not possible! It was the feeling of hopelessness that was the worst, knowing the electric shocks were coming and still being only able to make the feeblest of attempts to stop it happening! The first sign we would get was when the "control" unit on my chastity belt was energized by remote control. We would hear a faint "click" sound and the red light on the front light of the chastity belt would come on. 

That meant that you were to stop whatever you were doing and report to the main office right away. If you happened to be peeing at the time then you got an electric shock right away, and had to struggle to stop right away so you wouldn't get another one! 

Most of the time this signal just meant that they wanted to talk to you about something all the same if you didn't report right away then you would certainly be punished. Of course if you were scheduled for punishment when you reported you would be told so and given the plastic panties to put on over your chastity belt. A final cruelty was that we had to wear our regular school uniforms over all of this, short pleated skirts and all! We were supposed to go to classes with the other girls just like we normally would. If we fidgeted enough to disturb the class then we would be punished, usually by getting a longer punishment, but sometime we would forfeit our next pee session and have to wait an EXTRA 12 hours in agony! 

Of course with us trying not to pee for extended periods, we would often let our skirts creep up and expose our plastic panties to view. This was an offense, a brief exposure was called a "panty flash" and earned an automatic forfeit of our next pee session. If we showed the waistband of our panties for even an instant or if the "panty flash" lasted for more than a few seconds then it was called a "modesty violation" or "indecency" and would earn at least a week of "once a day". Of course if we were already on "once a day" then we got a "no pee" session!

Most of the time we were careful enough that the "modesty violation" would only happen if we were actually receiving an electric shock. Even when we were allowed to pee however, they made us control the rate of flow so it would take 10 minutes or more to get to the point where we would feel comfortable even for a little while. For extra punishment we would only be allowed to pee for 20 seconds out of every minute!

Of course this would all be monitored by the control unit attached to out chastity belts, so there was no way to cheat or even for someone to take pity on us! We just had to endure it! 

3 Comments (add your own)

wearshose - 41-45 years old - male: Good read, enjoyed it. No matter how hard I try, I can't hold my pee for very long. I've tried to train my bladder but haven't had much luck so far. 

Rexone312 - 18-21 years old - male: Wow! that was an awesome story! 

theholdmaster - 26-30 years old - male: Great fantasy! I wish that training become compulsory in schools one day. I'm now dating a girl unable to hold for 3 hours straight, even if drinking nothing. What a shame! 

aliceleed - 22-25 years old: Yeah this training should become compulsory in schools. Now have you tried to make your girlfriend hold it? How did you find out about her 3-hour limit?

