I Broke My Record!
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by aktl on October 9th, 2010 at 1:51PM

When I woke up this morning, I decided that I could probably wait with going to the bathroom. My last pee had been 8 hours ago, but I like the feeling of a full bladder. I went to school and had my morning classes. My last record of holding was 15 hours, and I wanted to break it. I had drunk a little more than I usually do, because when I get nervous (like having to think about holding my pee) I need to drink something to calm down. By lunch it was almost constantly on my mind, and my friend started to talk to me about how much she had needed to pee in class. She’d already gone to the bathroom, but she made me feel the urge more desperately every second she talked about it. I don’t like to show other people that I’m holding, because my friends will think I’m really weird. I hinted at my fetish once, but they all stared at me like I was crazy…

Back to the story: I managed to hold it until after school, however during my last class I had had to shift a lot in my seat, and I must have behaved a bit distracted. I went straight home, and here I could relax more because I was finally alone. By the time I got home I’d been holding my pee for 16 hours! I had broken my record and decided to punish my bladder a bit (another hobby of mine, but I only do this when I’m alone). I started by slowly rubbing my bulging bladder, almost tickling it to begin with.

Then, since I had broken my record and wasn’t afraid of experimenting a bit, I went for the worst punishment. Lying on my bed, turn around until I was on my stomach, and slowly lift and lower myself: putting all the weight of my body on the bulging bladder, and then taking it all away, repeatedly. It was the greatest sensation I’ve ever felt, and when I was done it felt like I could hold my pee for the longest time. However after only 15 minutes I felt the desire to run into the bathroom more desperately than before. I was determined to hold it at least a half hour longer, but it was getting worse by the second. In order to distract myself, but also as some kind of punishment, I started to google stories about holding.

There were some really great stories, but now I couldn’t sit still. One of my goals is to be able to hold my pee in without using my hands, but every second gone by, every story read, made it harder. I’m also not a fan of wetting my pants (it means more laundry, and I hate laundry), so by now I really couldn’t hold still. I was pacing, then trying to sit down again, pacing some more… I had to go so desperately, and my bladder was bulging more than ever. It was starting to hurt, but I had beaten my record with an hour and a half, and I really wanted to make it two. Nearing the total 17 hours of holding I decided to go to the bathroom in case I had an accident.

But now I had a BIG problem. My roommate was showering. I could hear the water rushing down, and I finally had to use my hands in order to not pee on myself. I told her to hurry and went back to my room. I didn’t want her to see me like this: fidgeting, pacing and using my hands to hold my full bladder from gushing out. When my roommate finally yelled that the bathroom was free for me to use, I could barely walk. It was well past my 17 hour mark, and I had to use a strange shuffling method to get to the bathroom. I barely managed to pull my pants down before it came out (involuntarily). The release felt great, and when I was done I sat down to write this. I hadn’t been able to do it before because I had to concentrate so hard on not peeing, but I already miss the sensation/urge of having to pee. I wish I’d only let out a little bit, so I would still feel it. I’ll try that next time.

