Dream Team (part 9)

Posted by Tinker, on December 08, 1998 at 23:26 

"Hey, we are the first! Diana is late today!" Maureen tried the door knob again, but the locker room remained closed. Alice, Cindy, and Janice, each carrying a sports bag, decided to sit down on the wooden bench against the wall and wait. Maureen stayed at the door, as if she wanted to be the first one to enter when Diana showed up. Cindy nudged Alice in her side. "The new uniforms should arrive any moment now. I cannot wait to do it in them!" Alice frowned. "Me too, but we don't know what the two new team members will do. I'm afraid it's all over from now on." Cindy sighed and had to admit that Alice had a point. It would be mad to assume that the two new ones would like their crazy game.

"Anybody seen them?" Janice asked. "Nope. They must be quite good though, Diana won't select girls who cannot dance," Maureen answered. Then she added: "Dammit, I would want Diana to hurry! I've been saving up and it's getting high time!" She crossed her legs and pushed a hand in the crotch of her blue denim mini skirt. Janice tilted her head. "You are quite sure that you can keep doing it this way, aren't you? I wouldn't be." Maureen shrugged. "We can still have accidents once in a while. And I've become pretty good in wetting without showing off. Even if the new ones gross out on it, I won't really stop, I think. Besides, if Diana does not hurry up, I'll do it in my skirt right here anyway." 

At that moment, Jane and Melissa arrived. Surprised by the locked door, Jane also sat down while Melissa joined Maureen, soon exhibiting the same urgency and dropping suggestions to just go in her skirt. But both girls actually were just playing to be desperate, and enjoyed the naughty idea of making a toilet out of their panties. And although they could perfectly well wet themselves right there, they preferred to postpone it until either they could do it in their uniform or it became clear that it was all over. Maureen even thought about just going to the toilet---the real toilet. 

Lively chatter around the corner attracted their attention. Diana, Ann, and two new girls approached the building, all in a mostly white uniform. All the girls jumped up and loudly complained about both the late arrival and the unfair distribution of new uniforms. Diana just smiled and opened the door. On the benches inside were six piles of neatly arranged garments, one for everybody. The complaining was over immediately. A minute later, it was rush hour in front of the mirror as they all tried to get a glimpse of themselves.

"This skirt is really short, really," Jane said. "I've nothing to sulk about this year." She turned her back to the mirror and even pulled her hem down a bit because her panties peeked out. "Wow this is short. And the colour contrast... wonderful." Cindy and Alice were busy admiring each other, adjusting sweaters and skirts until it was all perfect. The others just put on their new uniform and felt great. "Good work, Cindy," Maureen said. "This is wonderful material. Perfect." She parted her feet widely and looked down. Melissa made a face and looked between her own spread knees. Just a push... but no, that had to wait. Maybe even until she got home. Janice played the same game, looking in the mirror with her legs just too far apart to be called coincidence. 

Diana clapped her hands and introduced Michelle and Susan. They were greeted, and then the whole squad proceeded to the field outside for the first practice of the year. Walking outside in the sun in their new uniforms was a wonderful experience, and they enjoyed the light breeze caressing their bare legs, all the way up as if they did not wear any skirt at all. Diana started out with the traditional toe touching exercise as if to emphasize their new outfit. "If this does not attract the attention of the audience, nothing will," Janice remarked, her head almost between her knees. Diana just smiled, straightened her back to let her skirt cover her bum again, and went on to the next exercise. 

Soon they discovered that Diana indeed had selected good athletes; the new girls had no problem following the old hands in the sometimes strenuous exercises. During the practice, Maureen whispered something to Melissa. Melissa shook her head. "You cannot do that. It would be offending. I know it's tempting, I really want to do it myself as well. But we cannot. Wait until after the practice. We might get a chance when they are inside." Maureen sighed. She would probably visit the toilet during the break. What a bummer. But it was not unexpected. 

At the same moment, Susan was whispering to Ann. "Are you sure? It seems so silly that they all..." Ann grinned. "Oh yes they do. But at the moment they are afraid that you two will panic and run away."

"You didn't tell them?"

"Nope. Did not have the opportunity and it does not matter. Now it is a surprise." Susan made a face. "Still I'm not going to do it. Not on my first practice. How about Michelle?" Ann bit her lip. "Don't know. She does not seem against it, but she's not really enthusiastic either. I don't think she will do anything without some prodding, and maybe she will never get into it. For her, it'll be more a custom she takes over than a true dedication, I'm afraid." Susan shook her head. "Almost unbelievable. I mean, I have lived with my secret for years and only once in a while got the nerve to force an accident just to experience it, despite the humiliation. She can do it whenever she wants and even gets encouraged. And still she does not jump at the occasion."

"That's life," Ann added, and concentrated on the practice again. These new skirts were rather revealing, she noticed. No matter what you did, you panties would flash in all directions. Getting them wet and remaining undetected would be quite a challenge. 

After the first series of warming-up and stretching exercises, Diana called for attention. "Okay girls, some messages. Welcome again to our two new team members. We now have ten girls in the squad, enough for a good show with impact. As you can see, with our new uniforms some things have changed. First, I wear the same colours as you do. I did not want to attract all attention away from you any more."

"Yeah right, you got your own boyfriend now," an anonymous voice came from back in the group. Laughter. Diana scratched her head but decided not to take up the challenge. "Wearing the same colours means doing the same performance, so we don't expand our lead-dancer-with-group cheers. From now on, all our new cheers and dances will be choreographed for the whole group, or for two mirror sections. Second, we left out some accessories. No hair lints any more, so take care of your hair. Long is preferred but not mandatory. Maureen and Michelle can keep their hair style, no problem with that." 

"We also did away with the boots. I know some of you will regret this, and in a sense I do as well. Those high white go-go boots were really sexy, but it gave us the appearance of a majorette squad and I think we can do better. Cindy came up with the idea of completely bare legs, not even socks. It takes some getting used to but in the end it's better I think. We can always wear knee socks if it gets too cold, and get back almost the same sexy silhouette as with boots. Oh, and remember that you can wear those dance socks that stay inside your sneakers if you think they scrape your skin." Maureen mumbled something about other advantages of bare legs, but her voice was lost in the wind. 

"Lastly, our skirts got shorter. Cindy assures us that they are now at their optimum length, both sexy and decent. We have certain privileges as the cheerleader squad and we use them to the fullest. Others would never get away with skirts like these, but we can, everywhere. Of course, it's unavoidable now to attract every male's gaze within a hundred meters, but that is part of our job anyway. I would like to stress that it is heavily encouraged, also by the university board, to wear this uniform as often as possible. Whenever and wherever you attend something official, and if it is suitable, wear your uniform! But remember that you will officially represent the university this way, so don't do something silly. If you want to go out at night to get drunk, fine, but not in uniform. Okay?" 

"Do you mean we are expected to wear this during lectures as well?" Alice asked. "Could be. Especially when there's a match in the afternoon, or some ralley where we are participating, you can. On normal days it would be a bit silly I think, but again that's your own choice." Alice beamed: "Wow! This will bring life into boring classes!"

"Yeah, I'm afraid no male student would focus on the lesson any more," Ann remarked. "Try to write on the top half of the blackboard wearing this, and you'll hear funny sounds behind your back." Diana looked up into the sky: "On a related subject, wearing your uniform also has certain advantages when you want to drag your boyfriend away from the television to give you some attention." Several girls blushed a bit, including Diana herself, but Ann said: "Believe her, it works. I tried it on my boyfriend yesterday, and the effect was staggering. It took him five seconds from being sloshed out in front of the tele to chasing me through the room. If I had not been quick enough, he would have taken me on the floor! This outfit surely does it to the boys." 

After the laughing and curious questioning had died out, Diana added that they also would get actively involved in football tactics from now on. "Our team is so desperately bad these days that they can use any help. So, whenever the opponent has the advantage, one of us needs to re-tie her shoes." She bent over and fumbled around on her left shoe, blatantly exposing her red panties towards the field. "Or we just find another way to innocently flash." Diana now squatted down and tied her other shoe with her knees a good deal apart.

"Just as wearing your uniform is encouraged, distracting the opponent also is fair game. As long as you can maintain that it was by accident, guerilla warfare is completely justified. We flash and run." Jane started a series of toe touches: "You mean, like this? Does the team's captain know about his secret ally?" Diana shook her head. "Nope. He probably would be enthusiastic about the idea, though. Just remember that you quit as soon as we get tactical advantage again. We don't want friendly fire casualties. Any questions?" Diana paraded in front of the squad as an officer before his men, her chest forward, hands on her back. 

Melissa put up her hand. "Sir, are we expected to attend to the troops off the battlefield as well?" Jane tried to kick her but she was too quick. Maureen yelled "No way! Not those idiots!" while the others made disapproving noises as well. Diana briskly turned towards the squad, put up her most strict face and unyielding pose, and declared such behaviour undesirable. The common agreement made Melissa take back her words and caused relief with especially Susan and Michelle, who were not completely sure what was just plain fun in this sketch and what was serious. 

"Alright, any more questions?" Diana still overlooked her troops as an officer, taking no excuses any more. Cindy secretly thought she looked very sexy this way, especially in her uniform. Several "No"s and hums drifted around. "Okay then, the battle is on. Back to practice." As the girls started to move out to their practice pattern, chatting about which rules were really new and what they would mean for them, Diana called them back: "Oh, one more thing." They all shut up and looked back to their squad captain, who still had not moved. Diana waited a few seconds, to increase the tension among the girls. This would be quite an announcement. When after a while she still had not said a word, just looking at her squad with a mysterious smile on her face, Janice and Alice wanted to ask something. But Ann gestured them to keep silent. It was Cindy, with her remarkable sense for detail, who suddenly cried out: "She's wetting!"

"No she isn't," Maureen replied. "Go away," Jane added. But as they approached Diana, they saw that Cindy was right. With her hands on her back and still in her firm pose, a tiny stream falling down between Diana's slightly parted feet ruled out all other explanations for her behaviour. Cindy felt her knees weaken at the sight, and grabbed Alice for support. Diana, seeing that she was discovered, slid her legs a bit further apart and continued the ritual. Slowly and steadily, everything she had went into her uniform panties, and her eyes turned hazy as the full effect of the experience ran up her spine and reached her brain. 

After the initial surprise, most girls instinctively turned towards Susan and Michelle, both curious and nervous about their reaction. Susan held a poker face. "Yes, and? This happens to me all the time. Never seen a girl having an accident?" Jane was speechless. "You mean... this..." Janice was surprised, too: "But... how do you..." Michelle just stood there, flushed, watching Diana as she was standing with her feet spread out a bit, completely relaxed, calmly having an accident in her uniform for all to see. Michelle swallowed and wet her lips, completely fixed at the sight of her cheerleader captain practicing that what she had told her two days before. Well, she had told about coping with accidents alright, but this was hardly an accident. Never before Michelle had seen anybody have an accident while remaining so completely calm. The way Diana had consciously taken her pose way before anything happened meant that she had felt it coming. 

But then, the toilet was only ten seconds away, and she could easily have hurried there instead of just idly waiting on the grass until it was too late. Silly. As if she did not mind at all having an accident. And even then, when you feel you're losing it, at least you could try to stop and keep the accident to yourself. Easy enough, even with a uniform like this. But no, not a single sign that Diana was even thinking of stopping. Slowly, the truth sank in as Michelle continued to watch Diana getting wetter. Michelle put a hand before her mouth as she understood that Diana was doing it in her panties on purpose. It was no accident. Diana had just gone to the toilet with her uniform on. And according to her mysterious smile, almost mischievous now, she had a lot of fun doing it. 

Maureen was the first to ask the big question. "Diana... does this announcement of yours really mean what we hope it means?" Diana wiggled her hips a bit and smiled, but said nothing. Looking down her legs, she inspected the small puddle on the grass between her shoes. Cindy tried it another way. "Is the uniform okay?" Immediately Diana replied: "It's great, thank you Cindy. You did a wonderful job. Good spread, great capacity. It took four spurts before I started to drip. Nice sticky feeling, too." Finally Diana looked up again and addressed them all. "How do I look like from the outside? I mean, do I look as great as I feel?" Cindy rushed towards Diana and gave her a kiss: "You look fabulous and I can't wait until I can experience it myself." 

Ann decided to intervene. "Listen everybody. Although Diana's announcement was as big a surprise for me as it was for you, let me assure you that we already knew that Susan and Michelle joining the squad would not mean ending our naughty games. Two days ago, Diana and me met them and, well, tested the water. It's fine. Don't expect them to jump in right away, but you may do so if you wish." Maureen sighed and said that she suddenly did not need to go any more. Holding it was much, much easier if you knew you only did it for fun. Jane and Janice faked to be mad at Diana for making them go to the toilet before practice started, so that they were completely unprepared now.

Susan and Michelle soon were surrounded by the others, asking all kinds of questions, while Ann went over to Diana who was finishing off. Together they inspected her skirt and panties, and decided that it was a complete success. "Was this your first time in this uniform?" Ann asked. Diana admitted it was not. "I left dry last Wednesday after the introduction, but as soon as I got home I put on my new uniform again and waited for my boyfriend to arrive, to prepare a surprise for him. When he came in, I was standing in the kitchen with my legs apart and my hands on my hips, all ready to go. He circled me like a hawk for a minute before I gave up and breathlessly went wet for the first time. It was fabulous, and we ended up on my bed just as you did. The impact of this uniform is staggering." 

During the rest of the first practice session, nothing special happened, except that Susan, Michelle, and Cindy could not keep their eyes off Diana's dark-red bottom. Susan wondered if she would have an accident herself today, Michelle wondered what it would feel like to wet herself like Diana, and Cindy wondered what Diana would like to do in bed. Alice noticed a bit of absent-mindedness in her girlfriend and correctly guessed the reason. There was only one way of getting her full attention back, she decided, and during the remainder of the session flashed as much of her panties and showed as much of her chest profile to Cindy as she possibly could.

Her final opportunity came with the last stretching exercise, where they all sat down on the grass with their legs widely apart, facing each other. Cindy now indeed could not look anywhere else but to Alice's exposed red panties between her thighs. Of course, Alice could also see Cindy's panties, and noticed that they had a slightly damp patch. Talk about hot, she thought. With every stretch, Alice pushed a bit, until she was right at the edge. In the middle of this exercise there would be a short break, she knew, to breath a few times. That would be her moment. 

Cindy's mind was still mostly with Diana when Alice suddenly grabbed her wrists and locked them firmly in her hands. Puzzled, Cindy looked into her friend's big eyes. "For you," Alice whispered, and gazed down between her own legs. Together they watched while Alice initiated her new uniform. It started with a small dark patch up front of her panties, but it grew quickly and soon covered almost the complete visible part of Alice's red trunks. Cindy could even see some glistening in the sunlight.

She looked at the natural spa for a while, then back at her friend's eyes, panting heavily. "For you," she said, and pressed. A moment later she felt her warm wee rush into her uniform and shuddered from delight. Alice felt her friend trembling as her panties got it all, and bent forward to give her a kiss. That was too much for Cindy. All the excitement plus her wetting in progress brought her to a glowing orgasm, and she could barely suppress the cry of release that tried to force itself out of her throat. They finished the exercise in each other's arms, just sitting there in their wet underwear. Only Melissa noticed, and kept her mouth shut. Never disturb two doves. 

During the break, Jane and Maureen cornered Diana and asked her from where she got the courage to just wet herself in front of the new ones. Diana shrugged. "I don't really know. I did not plan it, that's for sure. But as I made the announcements, I felt the tension in the group, the lost hope of regaining what we had last season. And playing officer and troops suddenly put me in a situation where I could just do it. I had my legs apart, was standing in my uniform without attracting special attention, with dry panties and a full bladder."

She bent a little forward, as if telling a secret. "And you know, I had already done enough for my panties to be warm and wet before deciding to make the official announcement. It happened by itself. As soon as I took the pose with my legs open, I got wet under my skirt. Invisible, but very truly wet. And as I was standing there, wet and all, I decided that wearing such a short skirt would not keep it a secret for long. So I called you back and did it for real."

"How did it feel, wetting without us knowing what you were doing right in front of us?" Jane inquired. "Great! It felt great, you bet. Everything under my skirt got hot and it took ages before Cindy finally noticed. It was just wonderful, posing in my official uniform with all of you watching, hearing the faint hiss from below and feeling it creep up my ass." Maureen gasped for air and clenched her fists. "Diana, stop! Else I explode right here! And I want to save it for later." 

"Why? What will be so special later on?" Jane inquired. Maureen blinked. "Eh... you know... well... now you say so... I almost never do it during exercises anyway, so you have a point." She looked around, searching for somebody. "Ah... Susan! Susan, come over here please." Susan broke off her conversation with Ann and curiously approached the group of three girls near the locker room building. "Yes?"

"Susan, what did you think of Diana's exposition?" Susan blushed, and Diana, too. "Well... it was... unexpected, I think," Susan stammered. "But it had something. It was so... calm. So controlled. Completely unlike all accidents I have seen, or experienced, before." Diana pushed her hair over her shoulders and said: "No wonder, it was no accident. At least not completely." She told how she had started to wet almost involuntarily, more out of habit than because of anything else, and then decided to get on with it. "And I'm glad I did it this way. How else could I have announced that wetting was encouraged, especially in uniform?" 

They all laughed. Susan looked at Diana's skirt. "Still, it takes courage to go in your uniform skirt. I mean, there's just a thin screen of fabric in between your wet panties and the world. And that screen's just one inch long. Aren't you afraid that somebody will see what you did?" Diana shrugged. "No. I just take care what I do and if people see my panties nonetheless, they would not notice anyway. From a distance you don't see any colour difference at all and from nearby you need to see both wet and dry parts to spot the difference. Watch."

Diana turned around and touched her toes, which pulled her skirt up halfway her bum. Her red panties popped into view, but as she had said, they were of a single colour; no visible stain. Maureen stepped forward and joined Diana in her stoop down, to show the difference. "Ah yes," Susan said, "now I do see that Diana is wet and Maureen is not. But you're right Diana, if you show just a part of your underwear nobody will notice." Both girls stood upright again and made sure that their skirts fell down properly, and Diana ran a finger through the inside of her panty legs. "Wet is great, but it can become itchy." 

Maureen turned to Susan and asked her: "I wonder. You have some experience with all this, but not in the same way as we do. What is, uh, your way?" Susan blushed and looked at her feet. "Well... to call it 'my way' would be wrong. I never started on purpose. I just had a few accidents at high school, mostly during cheerleading. Stress, probably."

"Yes, a lot of girls have those little accidents, we know. That's normal. But still, your case seems to be special, otherwise you wouldn't have told Diana even before practice started!" Susan looked at her fingers. "Well, maybe I had accidents a bit more often than others." Jane stepped in. "Just tell us how it began with you. I mean when it got serious." Susan hesitated, but then decided that this group of girls probably would be the best bunch in the world to tell it to. 

"It actually is quite simple. After I became member of the cheerleading team, we started to practice more and more gymnastics. You know, tumbling, high jumps, that sort of thing. The modern cheerleading instead of the old-fashioned pompom waving and yelling. When exercises turned harder and harder, I noticed that once in a while I would, um, leak a bit. During a jump I squirted sometimes. I thought it would stop when I got better at the exercises, but it did not. After I while I could predict exactly when I would leak, at which jumps and tumbles. During practice we wore shorts so that was no real problem, I just sneaked past the others in the locker room.

But I was quite afraid about what would happen when we changed to skirts for performances. The first performance was horrifying. I had put on two pairs of panties under my trunks but was still paranoid. We wore green skirts with red underwear, and I knew it would show. So I tried to keep my bottom covered all the time. When the time came to do my first problem tumble, I was terrified. The tumble went alright, but when I was back in line I could feel I was wet. And with every other jump it became worse. The other girls were happily bouncing around while I was afraid to move, out of fear of showing that I was wet." 

"And, were you wet?" Maureen asked. "Not really. I went to the bathroom as soon as I could to check. If you knew it, you could see a slight damp area between my legs, but it could have been shadow. The double panty trick had worked. But when the strenuousity of the performance increased, it got worse. After two more shows I decided to speak up to the coach. She was very understanding, and told me not to worry. She said that many girls have this problem, it was called stress incontinence I think. I had stopped drinking before games, and she told me that I should absolutely not quit drinking because it was very unhealthy, and did not stop the problem either. I would have to live with it and cover up. She then told me that she always had spare panties in her bag just in case. 'Whatever happens, just don't lose your mind. Have your accident, stay calm, change as soon as practical.' That's what she said to me." 

"So you decided to go on with it?" Jane asked. "To go on with cheerleading, yes. Not to go on with wetting, if that is what you suggest. It really were accidents. But I learned to cope with them. Before the first jump of the day I would take a deep breath, hope for the best, then do the tumble or whatever, and come back in line carefully, trying to figure out how bad it had been without looking. When I got too wet I would back off and skip more tumbles. But I turned out to be one of the better girls, so I was pushed ahead more and more, even doing solos. I got so scared that the coach once called us all together and explained what stress incontinence was, and that some of us had a problem with it. Nobody knew it was me, but I told it to my best friend that afternoon and the next practice everybody knew. From then on, it was easier. We were joking about it, and every time I came back from a tumble the others would giggle and ask if it had rained." 

"But it became worse and worse. Feeling more at ease also meant that I could push my performance further, and that backfired. I never ever got back from a show with a dry uniform, and often there was no opportunity to change because we had to do ceremonies and such. The coach would always be nearby with a change, but I learned to handle it, and got less and less scared about wearing sometimes soaking wet panties under my uniform skirt. The coach made it very clear that everybody should shut up, that they should take a professional attitude towards me. And they did. So I could be wet and show it, and they would not even blink. And you know what? If people expect you to be wet, you stop caring. I was sure that I would get away with any stain in my panties and that nobody of the audience would notice." 

"Did you decide to take it any further from there?" Diana asked. Now it was Susan's turn to smile. "I did. Gradually, my shame and fear got replaced by acceptance, then by plain mischief. At first I would just say goodbye to my uniform just before my first tumble of the day, and enjoy the invisible difference in my panties after the accident. A bit later I began to play naughty games. After I got wet by accident, I would add a bit of myself, to see how it felt. Mind you, you don't feel anything down there during a tumble! But this wasn't real enough, of course. An accident happens in dry panties. So I tried. Before long, I would wet my bottom as soon as circumstances permitted, which meant in the period between the last simple cheer and my first tumble. People thought I was concentrating, but I was getting my panties wet instead!" 

Maureen and Jane looked at each other. This was some story alright. "So you always were wet, but you never really did a big wetting?" Jane inquired. "Yup. On occasions I went as far as getting my panties damp while on the way to the field, running the risk of discovery before any tumble. But I never dared to do it they way Diana did. Tell me Diana, would you dare to do a full wetting on the field?" Diana brushed through her hair. "Well, not just like that. It would be incredibly exciting, but also quite conspicuous, I'm afraid. We did wet on the field alright but almost never in the classic upright pose."

"But we did wet in public lots of times, only not in uniform," Jane added. Susan was surprised: "You did? How?" Diana made a timeout sign. "Hey stop, this would take hours. We need to finish our practice first. You can tell tall stories later on." The girls turned back to the open field and resumed their exercises. Susan could not help looking at all panties she saw peeking out once in a while, and noticed that except for Diana, also Cindy and Alice seemed to have had an 'accident.' This group surely made no point of getting wet, she thought. It opened up the way for some great experiments. 

Halfway the exercises, during some grueling high-jumps which nobody except Diana and Cindy could really do well, Melissa mumbled "That's enough," and quit. When Susan finally noticed that her neighbour had stopped jumping and looked aside, she saw to her amazement that Melissa had squatted down and was looking between her parted knees with an obvious special effect running through the front of her knickers. Melissa felt Susan watching her, and looked up: "I really couldn't hold it any more. Just had to try these panties." 

She smiled at Susan's flushed face, then concentrated on her wetting again. "Ah, Melissa. Good idea!" Janice joined in. She squatted down next to Melissa and reached back for the hem of her skirt, checking if it properly covered up her playground. "Susan, why not join us? It's simple enough. Watch!" With her knees still together, Janice simply pushed and felt her pee rush out, then the spreading warmth between her legs, down her bum, even up front. She gasped. "These panties are great indeed! It spreads out much better. I wonder how many samples Cindy has tested before stumbling upon this fabric." 

Cindy overheard her and came closer. "Not that many. Seven at most. The usual material they sell as cheerleader trunks is too thin and does not absorb enough. It is made for show only. I got hold of fabric meant for sports slips; absorbing, warm underwear for tennis players with a fear of catching cold. It needed to be dyed red on special request. Do you like it?"

"Of course we do," Melissa replied while pushing the last few spurts in her underwear, "It's great stuff. How long does it stain?" Cindy hiked up her skirt. "This one is about twenty minutes old. See for yourself." The half circle in the front of her panties had expanded up to almost her waistband, but the colour difference with the dry parts of her panties would be hard to see from more than five meters distance. "It's bigger and fainter than with the pastel blue panties of last year, but in the end I think this is better."

"You bet it is," Janice added, "It comes everywhere. God am I wet." 

After this intermezzo, the girls just took up their exercises again, leaving Susan with some dazzling questions. She made up her mind: she would do it for real today, in her uniform, full blast. No more tiny spurts while waiting in line for her turn. It couldn't be too difficult. Diana had just parted her legs and then it happened all by itself. Or would there be a trick? Did you need to push hard, or just the opposite? Carefully Susan checked her panties. To her amazement they were still completely dry. Apparently these exercises were not as hard for her as she expected. Good, for two reasons. 

During the next break, Susan approached Michelle, who was talking to Diana about some of the previous exercises. Michelle was glad to see her. "Hi Susan. Do you like the practice as much as I do?"

"Of course I do. But not only the practice. What do you think of the rest? I like it!" Michelle shrugged. "I don't know." She looked at Diana. "I think it was brave what you did, I really do, but I have to say that I miss the point. Sorry. I just don't get excited by the idea of wetting myself, especially not in a micro skirt like this." Diana looked a bit disappointed. "Oh. Do you find it offensive?"

"No, not at all. Just go ahead, wet yourself if you please. I'm just not into it, I think" Susan put a hand on Michelle's right shoulder: "You really don't know what you miss, Michelle. Try it. I'm going to." But Michelle shook her head. "No way. Sorry. I'm no baby any more." She briskly turned away and went over to another group. Diana was clearly embarrassed. "Uh-oh. Wrong judgment. I thought she would join in."

"She might change her mind," Susan answered, "it is all new to her. Diana, can you teach me how to do it? I would like to, eh, do it for real today." Diana made a faint sign towards Maureen: "Er, go ask Maureen, I'm afraid I have more urgent problem to take care of right now." She hesitated a moment, then took a breath and went after Michelle. 

Susan scratched her head. This was a problem alright. But Diana would solve it, no doubt. Where was Maureen? She found her leaning against the wall of the locker room building, catching some sun and trying how far she could hike up her skirt without showing panties. "Hi Maureen. Could you, eh, teach me how to do it? You know. Like Diana." Maureen's eyebrows rised. "Well, just go. It's not difficult. You could do it even before you learned to talk."

"I know that. It's just that I could use some help. How do I stand?" Maureen pushed herself away from the wall. "Just watch me. I have been waiting for a good opportunity and this is as good as anything." 

"With this type of uniform, there's nothing to take special care of. Longer skirts need some attention. But I like to prepare my panties before I do it. Like this." She slid her hands inside her waist band and hooked them under the band of her panties, then pulled them tightly up, first in the front, then in the back. "You don't want slack in the fabric, it keeps the wetness away from your skin." Maureen now reached under her skirt and pulled all wrinkles out of her panties. "Of course you don't need to do this, especially not when people see you, but I like it. It makes my skin tingle when I know that I am preparing my clothes for a wetting." Susan felt her skin tingle, too.

She watched how Maureen securely stroke her skirt down, tightened her already tight sweater over her breasts, and arranged her hair. "It looks as if you are preparing yourself for a photo," she giggled. "Oh yes, it's about the same. Wetting your uniform is a serious thing. You should do it as professionally as posing for an official photo. And remember, this is a special occasion. It's my new season's uniform, and I never wet it before. That makes it extraordinary, it's really worth paying that bit of extra attention. Besides, it's fun. Few people would guess I am preparing to go in my panties." Maureen squatted down and tightened her shoe laces, peeking at her panties in the mean time. "They look very inviting, don't you think? I like flashing them properly before I pee in them." 

"What you don't see is what I feel. To properly wet you need two things to be in good order: your clothes and you body."

"Logical," Susan nodded. "Your body to wee and your clothes to wee into." Maureen rose to her feet, taking care that her skirt fell properly down. "Exactly. Take from me that I need to pee like hell. I can still hold it, but not that much longer. You should never allow yourself to get really desperate, it spoils most of the fun. You loose control. Your clothes may be alright, but your body won't be. Always wet way before you really need to." Susan made a mental note of this advice. 

"Okay, I'm all set now, primed and ready. When I give myself the green light I can count to five and then it will start. If it would take less time to get yourself to pee in your panties, you waited too long. It should be a completely voluntary act, one that takes a bit of effort, always. So, are you ready for it?" Susan nodded as she got it all hot. Maureen spread her feet about fifty centimeters and rested her hands on her hips. "Not the most inconspicuous pose this, but excellent for the situation. A new uniform deserves no less." She looked at Susan, who now was quite flushed and clearly excited. "Ready? I love to stand like this for a while. It makes it more clear that I am doing this on purpose. That I choose freely to keep my uniform on while taking a leak. Okay, panties ready, skirt ready, myself ready... here I go." Susan saw how Maureen's belly made a few pumping motions as she started to push.

"It comes," Maureen whispered while pushing her chest forward, "No way stopping it now, I'm going to pee my panties. Here it is... yes... YES! Oh God..." With her fists clenched tight and her head slightly backward, Maureen felt her wee carefully enter her new uniform. In a reflex she unlocked her knees and shuddered while her panties soaked up all they could. She managed to keep peeing and got wetter and wetter, until her panties were fully drenched and could not expand the stain quickly enough any more. When the first drops touched the grass between her parted feet, everything under her skirt was one single pulsing pool of sheer joy, and Maureen could only sigh of pleasure. When the gushing part began, where she did not wet her panties any more but just went to the toilet in her uniform, her hands slid down her hips until they rested on her thighs, and she bent her knees a bit to find a more comfortable position to let it all come. Susan did not say a word, her eyes wide open. 

Maureen on the other hand had her eyes closed and enjoyed for a minute. When it began to die out, she gave another sigh and straightened her spine, her hands on her back now. The last few spurts needed some help of her belly. Then she was done. "Finished! Everything went in, and I could feel it all. I must make Cindy a compliment. These panties are truly made for wetting. How do I look like?" Susan assessed Maureen's pose and uniform. "You look great and pretty, Maureen. You have nice long legs and the low shoes and short skirt make them only longer. It seems both your legs are still dry. You could go out and walk over the campus right away." Maureen grinned and shook her head.

"Oh no, not like this. I'm still soaked down below. Watch." She carefully went through her knees and pushed her thighs together. Half a glass of wee dripped down between her feet. "You see? These panties retain lots. It would have come out with every movement of my legs. Always take care after a wetting, the dripping might have stopped but there's still plenty left to surprise you." Sitting on her haunches anyway, Maureen peeked at her panties again. "The pattern is nice as well. Not only a tiny area in my crotch, but about the whole bottom half. It may sound strange but this is a lot less likely to get noticed because when we flash panties it usually is only a brief moment and only the lower part. People don't look up our skirts long enough to see the stain." 

Susan not got so excited that she was almost hopping around. "I want to do it! I want to do it just like you. Do it all, I mean. I have been standing in my uniform many times, carefully letting out tiny bits and feeling myself get wet, but never I dared to really go for it. I came close, but I never did. Just one spurt, then the tumble. Actually I never really felt it sinking in." Maureen felt old when she realized how exciting this must be for Susan. "Well, you can feel it sinking in right now! Go ahead, do what you dreamed of for years. Have fun!"

Susan beamed and spread her legs. "You are right Maureen, standing like this is the best. For us cheerleaders it is a very innocent pose, I don't know why, but boy is it practical." Maureen sat down on the grass, her skirt securely aside, and smiled at Susan, who now was ready to go. Susan looked around for a moment, to see if people were watching. Not really. In a sense she thought that was a pity. She had always liked to have her eyes meet those of the coach. Her coach undoubtedly thinking about the tumble then, but Susan herself concentrated on her bladder. Often she had wet herself with all eyes in the stadium fixed on her. 

Susan stayed in her pose for a while, not really sure what she would do. Maureen noticed her hesitation. "Anything missing?" Susan shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe. It sounds silly but just going in my panties seems so plain, so simple. I push, it rushes through my underwear, and that's it. Okay I know it feels great, but... but I don't see anything."

"Well, just hike up your skirt then," Maureen suggested. "Seeing yourself getting wet is fun, I assure you." Susan shook her head. "I want to do it with my skirt down, otherwise it is not real. And squatting isn't that good either." Maureen leaned back on her elbows and clacked her tongue. This was tricky. From her low position on the field, she could look up Susan's mini skirt and even saw some panties. Suddenly she knew. "Stay there, Susan. I know what you need. Just a moment." Maureen got up, and went inside the locker room.

Susan wondered what she was up to, but decided to stay put and began arranging her uniform just as she had seen Maureen doing it. With her legs still firmly apart, she now started to attract attention. Great! Ann waved at her and came closer, followed by Jane and Alice. There was Maureen again. She walked up to Susan and placed a large, square mirror on the grass in front of her. Susan giggled. "Well, it's hardly inconspicuous, but it does bring the best of both worlds. Tilt it a bit more. Yes. Wow! I did not know I was so exposed from below. Walking on stairs will be a real challenge." 

Susan was arranging her panties again, looking down into the mirror up her own skirt, when Ann and company arrived. Melissa, Janice, and Cindy followed, while Diana and Michelle still were seriously talking in a corner. Before long, they had formed half a circle around Susan, who now really beamed. This was what she had hoped for! When they were all gathered, some standing, others on the ground, some of them even on their bellies, blatantly watching from a more interesting perspective, Susan cleared her throat.

"Okay girls. I have done this many times before, but never anybody knew what I was up to and I never finished it. This time, you all know what I will do, and I definitely will finish it." She looked down again and spread her legs a bit more. "I also never stood like this to pee my uniform panties. Oh, even the words have a nice ring! Yes, I am going to pee in my panties. Do a wee in my knickers. Wet myself. And I can feel that it is nearby. Yes, very close." Susan shuddered as she felt how close she was to getting a wet bum. She pulled her skirt a bit more down and held her breath. 

After a few seconds of concentration, she tightened some muscles and inhaled sharply through her nose. "This one is for Cindy, for this great uniform." A small dark spot appeared in her panties between her legs, and disappeared as quickly as it had became visible. Well, not completely; a slightly darker patch remained. Susan now smiled from ear to ear. "This one is for Diana, for her announcement this afternoon." The patch grew again, and this time it did not go away. Susan cooed like a baby when she saw the effect of her naughty play. "The next one is for Maureen, for showing me how it is done." Her panties now became wet, she saw, and they felt wet, too. This was the limit. Further than this she had never dared to go, afraid that it would start to leak. Actually she was a bit alarmed at the sight in the mirror, it was much more noticeable than she had thought. But it grew fainter as she looked, as her panties tried to dissipate her pee over a larger area. 

Susan looked at Jane, who was one of the girls laying on her belly with her chin on her wrists. "This is what I did before. I'm damp yes, but I did not wet myself. Not really." Jane tilted her head: "Well, most people would call this wetting your panties I would think." Susan stuck out her tongue and wiggled her hips. "It's not. The wetting part starts only now. Finally I can go on." Concentrating on the image in the mirror again, she took a few deep breaths and then, for the first time in her life, did the fourth spurt. And the fifth. And the sixth. And the seventh! She saw her panties getting drenched in between her legs, just a bit to the front, then the stain rapidly expanded further back, upward, and sideways. Slowly, a single drop formed at the lowest point, grew, and finally fell down. She had peed in her uniform for real. This was no play any more, she had gone to the toilet in her panties. 

After the first drop, a second followed, then a third and soon a tiny stream of droplets tinkled down on the grass. It did not last longer than a few seconds. Susan was in seventh heaven, feeling as excited as she could. She was wetting herself for real! Still dripping, she looked over her audience and winked. "And this is for all of you, especially... especially Michelle." Now it would happen. She straightened her back, wiped her hair out of her face, and slowly focussed on her panties in the mirror. Wet panties now, very wet. Even her former coach would not believe this was just stress incontinence. Hell it wasn't.

Susan pushed and could not suppress a cry of joy when she felt what was coming down. Her knees trembled as her body released all it had gathered, both physically and mentally. Even before anything actually got into her underwear, Susan got fully satisfied and fully excited. She slightly gyrated her hips as she waited for the visible proof of what was inevitable. She knew that she, in a sense, had done it already now. She had fully peed in her cheerleader uniform, only it had happened in the future. It was a matter of waiting until her panties would catch up with time. 

When they did, the effect was mindblowing. A shower head was nothing compared to the effect her panties caused. Over the whole area of her crotch several small streams appeared, that gathered and broke up in random order. Susan could feel her pee sloshing about in her uniform trunks and engulf all her sensitive parts before it soaked through. She could even see the ballooning effect of the pressure of her pee. This was not wetting, this was peeing into panties. The waterfall between her legs splattered onto the grass and Susan could feel the tiny warm specks on her calves and ankles. More, more. That was the only thought on her mind. More!

She kept pushing her precious bodily fluid into her uniform, absorbing all the delightful sensations that were caused by the simple capturing of her pee in her underwear before flowing away. With her eyes closed now, she wondered how a simple layer of fabric could be responsible for all of this. Peeing in your pants... it had such a negative connotation. Why? It was so simple and clean. No fuss, just a handkerchief of fabric getting wet. 

With her flood fading away now, Susan felt her mind opening up and saw brightly what this all was about. It was neither the wet patch in her underwear, nor the feeling of her pee flushing over her skin. It was the whole situation. Going to the toilet in her uniform, on purpose, exposed to the world, and not even trying to hide it. And enjoying it! No secret spurts deep under an almost knee-long skirt. No, the full load under her challenging micro uniform with almost no cover to shield it from view! With her legs apart to attract all attention she could get, no room for misunderstandings. She now saw that it was mainly the daring, the breaking of unwritten laws, the denial of the responsibility her uniform suggested that made this so wonderful. It was not just peeing in her pants. It was abandoning all rules for a minute. It was freedom. Pure, pristine freedom. 

When she was done, Susan hardly could move from the spot. She kept looking in the mirror, as if she wanted to convince herself that her panties were really as wet as they felt. "I've done it," she mumbled, "I've peed in my uniform for real!" Maureen approached her and placed her hand on Susan's left shoulder. "Welcome to the club, Susan. You did it very well for a first time."

"I had a good teacher," Susan smiled back. Maureen looked flattered. "You're welcome! But from now on, you're on your own. You may go flying solo, so to say. Hey, why don't we have diplomas to hand out? Ann?" Just laughs, nobody would take it seriously. Maureen turned back to Susan. "I grant you the right to wet yourself anywhere you want regardless of what you wear, as long as you don't make a fool of yourself. Carry this right with pride, and be a representative member of the squad at all times."

"I promise," Susan smiled back. "Being representative is my call, I believe." 

Diana and Michelle approached the group now. They looked a bit worried, as if something bad had happened. Everybody shut up and sat down on the grass, including Michelle. Diana kept standing. "Okay, I see that Susan went through her first experience. That's the good news. The bad news is that Michelle will leave us, unfortunately." Oohs and aahs echoed through the group. "Yes. She does understand you all a bit, but she simply does not feel the same, and she thinks she'd better leave before she spoils it all for you."

Ann felt especially sad now. She looked at Michelle. "I had hoped I would have made you feel better about it. You laughed so hard when I let myself go a few days ago." Michelle sighed. "Yes Ann, and believe me I laughed for real. That situation was very funny, and I did wet myself afterwards you remember? But both things were accidents, silly coincidences that were a bit magnified because we had so much fun in the first place. I would have no problem if once in a while somebody of us, of you, would get herself wet panties in such a way." She sighed again. "But it's the fact that you do it on purpose that makes me feel uncomfortable." 

"Why?" Ann inquired. "Does that make such a difference? The effect is the same, it is even more naughty, and you can do it when the circumstances are right. I like it better than having an accident in town." Michelle bit her lip. "That's the point. It's too much of a set-up. Listen, I know you are doing this just for your own fun, but I've had some experiences in the past that put it all in a completely different light. Believe me, it gives me the creeps." Jane saw that Michelle was sincere. "Michelle, seriously, if there is something you want to talk about, we're all here." Another sigh. "Okay, I'll tell you my experiences with this. But please, understand that it's just my own phobia that is in the way here. I would like to join you but I just cannot stand the idea." 

She took a more comfortable pose on the grass while the others quietly listened. "When I was still in High School I used to work in a center for mentally ill people every other week. These people were not mad, it was no asylum, but most of them were quite ill, on a permanent basis. Many of them also had physical problems, some of them were even in wheelchairs. Most of the people I worked with were pleasant, happy during the day, easy to go at night. They were simple, but nice. Happy with every bit of attention you have them. But some others were very difficult to handle. They would soak you up as soon as you appeared and really claim you completely. The professional nurses had warned us not to give in, and it went quite well for a while." 

"Sometimes one of the patients would get an epileptic fit, on top of it all, and the first times that was scary. You know, they suddenly drop to the floor, kicking and spasming, foam on their mouth. Sometimes even getting incontinent. But it's harmless, you make sure they don't injure themselves more than they already have and they get better after a few minutes with a few bruises. Of course such an attack would make us stop what we were doing and take care of the poor victim. But the demanding patients learned that this was a good way of attracting attention. You guess what happened next." 

Jane nodded. "Simulants."

"You bet. The nurses warned us soon enough and even taught us how to recognize simulants. Their 'fit' takes shorter, they only want attention and 'wake up' too soon. They jerk their limbs symmetrically, while a real victim does not. And they keep their eyes closed. So we ignored them, and after a while they stopped simulating. Except for one girl. She was a real bitch, always whining for attention, especially from the boys. She just would not give up. Oh, I still hate it so much I'm trembling all over." Diana told her to go on. "This surely will help you, it's about time this gets out I think. Never told it before?"

"Not really." 

"Well, her routine went like this. She would ask us something impossible, like taking her out to the zoo. When we denied her request, she would get very angry, fake a fit, and let herself fall forward out of her wheelchair, hurting herself quit hard. Our instructions were to leave her, in order not to encourage her to do this more often than she already did. So she looked for a way to make us look at her longer, and found one. After she had fallen onto the floor, she would jerk around a bit until she was laying on her back, with her feet magically always towards one of the boys. A few more spasms, and her knees would be pulled up and wide apart, so that the poor boy could do nothing but look up her skirt.

And then," Michelle swallowed, "Then she would look through her lashes, the bitch, and start to pump. There's no other word for it, you could see her belly pumping. And dammit, everybody would look at her, look up her skirt to her panties, and wait for it to happen. She got all the attention she wanted, the bitch, and still it was not enough. No, she absolutely had to piss herself on top. She just pumped herself empty in her clothes, the more gross the better, laying there exposed in all her glory, smilingly waiting for us to come and clean her up, plus the floor." 

Everybody was dead silent now. Susan closed her knees. Diana broke the silence. "I see. I do understand you now, completely. We all do. This type of thing happens, and it indeed can screw up your whole attitude towards having fun with yourself. I'm glad you told us this. Really." Michelle shrugged. "It's not that bad, I just still get angry when thinking back about it. I mean, pissing yourself like that on purpose just to get attention, from boys no less! I hated her." Jane leaned forward. "Why? Do you hate her because of the mess she made?" Michelle looked up. "Eh no, not really. Others made far bigger messes. Some of them were plainly incontinent."

"So you hated her for having found a sure-fire way to have the boys look at her." Michelle widened her eyes. "No way! It was rude, it was a voluntary misuse of the whole situation, it was... it was..."

"It was a very good way to have boys stare at her crotch and have them toss about in bed at night," Jane plainly stated. "I bet they all got a hardon as soon as she opened her knees. This girl might have a low IQ but she was smart as hell in basic instinct aspects." Michelle looked confused. Diana held her breath. Jane could have been right, if quite direct. Ann jumped in. "Michelle, we don't want to seem too much of a bunch of shrinks, but Jane has a point. Were you... were you jealous of that girl?" 

Melissa tried yet another way. "Michelle, did you fancy one of those boys?" A single sob accompanied a nod. "I did. He never looked at me, not the way he looked at that... that..." Maureen put her arm around Michelle. "Take it easy. Can somebody fetch something to drink? Relax. This was something that has been pestering you for a long time, and it's good that it's gone now. You got it out and you'll see that it helps. Here, have a drink." She offered Michelle a glass of water. Michelle took a sip. She seemed quite anxious, but relieved at the same time. 

"Sorry to bother you with this," Michelle said after a while, "but now you see why I don't like the idea of making a performance out of it." Melissa frowned. "I see your point, but you forget something. I agree that that girl's behaviour was rude and unfair, but not stupid. She knew what she was doing. It has worked for others. Listen, most of us have boyfriends. Don't you think they catch us once in a while? They do. And do you think this is always by pure accident?" Michelle blinked. She did not dare to ask anything.

"Yes, you are guessing right. I can only speak for myself here, but I still need to meet the first boy who is not getting excited at the sight of a girl with a wet crotch." Ann took over. "Melissa is right. My boyfriend is not into wetting, but when I let him catch me by so-called accident, he is all over me in no time flat." Maureen and Diana confirmed Ann's story, and so did Cindy and Alice, although a bit giggling. Even Jane nodded enthusiastically when Michelle looked at her. She took another sip of water. This clearly was something unexpected to her. 

"I did... I did never think that others would do this... I mean using your body and clothes to... to..."

"Seduce boys?" Melissa added. "What else do we do with out body and clothes when going out? Or even when wearing these official uniforms? It's just a much more refined way of seduction. It's easy enough to only show it to the one you want to see it and hide it from the others. Be honest, you never let a boy look up your skirt as if it was by accident?" Michelle shrugged. "You did. Well, having him look up your skirt with a stain in your panties hits him a hundred times harder. Boys are simple in this respect. They don't care what it is that makes you wet down there, they will always think it's their powerful presence anyway. You just fool them. It's fair game. They fool you by pretending to be strong and self-assured. You fool them by pretending to be weak and vulnerable. It's all in the game. Play it!" 

Diana now decided there had been enough pep talk. "Okay, stop it. Michelle, we agree that that girl in the center wasn't playing by the rules, but you indeed can safely assume that it's part of the game. Maybe this will make you feel more at ease. Now, will you consider staying with us?" After another sip, Michelle nodded. "Okay. I'm still not convinced, but you have a point. I might have been jealous. I also admit I looked at the bitch every time as she played her trick. Because it was a trick, after a few times she even started to wear only pastel panties as she had discovered that they would show the stain better. We called those her piss knickers. I remember that once one of us whispered to me that miss piss knickers was getting ready for her show. So we went there to look. I felt weird seeing her sitting in her wheel chair, being nasty to the others, her piss knickers flashing between her knees.

The bitch had been saving up, she had pushed a hand in her lap and rocked back and forth. Only my friend had noticed, the others were too busy. You saw the bitch wait until he came closer. Then she threw herself forward, rolled into position, and waited until he looked at her piss knickers. I remember my friend hissing: 'Here she goes again,' and wondered why we both were so excited. I thought it was anger then. We both looked at her green piss knickers as she peed into them, and my friend even whispered that she wondered how much effort this costed. In hindsight, yes, we were a bit jealous, but that was far outweighed by the gross act of pissing yourself to get unfair attention. Besides, next we had to clean miss piss knickers up and that was no fun. Especially not helping her to put on the next pair of piss knickers. And she knew it." 

Ann stood up and stretched her back. "Good, now we have this out of the way, let's go on. Just think about getting revenge on the bitch and you'll appreciate your uniform soon enough." Michelle burst out in laughter: "That's a point of view worth remembering. Okay, I'll join you all one more time, to see. But I don't guarantee anything." They all got up and continued practice. Diana made them line up and do some dance steps, more to see how it went than for a real performance. But they all could follow quite well. She liked the sight of a row of pretty girls in pretty uniforms showing off. Their impact definitely had risen with the new uniforms, and with ten girls in total the group could hardly be overlooked. 

Ann found herself next to Michelle and started to prod. "Never been curious how it would feel to get wet on purpose?" she casually asked. Michelle made a face. "Of course I did. The bitch wet herself often enough to see that she liked it. I even saw her busy once when she was not attracting attention, she seemed just as happy sitting in her wheelchair watching television. It definitely was no accident. You don't look down with your skirt hiked up, stretching your panties with both hands, if you're having an accident." Ann nodded. "You don't. But you don't need to show it off either. When I wet for my own pleasure, usually nobody even notices." They made a synchronous step left followed by a quick full turn right, mostly on autopilot. This was easy stuff. 

"You really wet for your own personal pleasure only?" Michelle asked, a bit incredulously. "Yes. We all do. You can use it to poke up your friend as well, but that's an exception. Melissa always brags about conquering boys, but the rest of us is pretty steady with one boyfriend. Almost all my wettings, and certainly all during practice, are for myself. It's just great." Some more dance passes. The pattern got more elaborate now, they needed to concentrate. 

Michelle slowly got interested, Ann noticed. "I suppose that it feels nice when you go, does it?"

"Oh yes," Ann said, "It feels great when you get slowly warm and wet and nobody notices. I like to wear long skirts and keep it my own little secret. Diana, too."

"You wet your normal clothes as well?"

"Of course! Not all the time, but yes, often enough." Michelle felt her skin tickle a bit. Despite her hate towards the wetting bitch at the center, she had always wondered what was so good about wetting that the bitch kept doing it, even without spectators. She never tried it herself, out of curiosity, but maybe she should. When she would not cause extra work for anybody, and could get away with it without getting laughed at... She looked down at her bare legs, disappearing under her short skirt.

The situation was absolutely ideal. Very few things to get wet, still enough to get wet to consider it 'for real,' unlike when wearing her swim suit. "Is is different from weeing through your swim suit?" she asked Ann. "Oh yes it is. First it is cotton, not lycra. Second, panties are not intended to get wet. You have much more sense of peeing yourself. Third, you wear a skirt over it, which makes it invisible but also much more naughty. I would never consider wetting my swimsuit if I had real panties and a skirt at hand." This seemed reasonable, Michelle thought. 

An even bolder idea dawned upon her. "Ann... seriously... given the choice, would you prefer doing it in your uniform or in your street clothes?" Ann stopped her practice and looked at Michelle. "In your case, if you have the courage, I would absolutely do it in your street clothes. The skirt you wore when getting here is suitable. You can do it and then still take a shower, and if something goes wrong you can go home in uniform, or borrow something from one of us. If you are serious, I would recommend your street clothes, no doubt.

Uniform wetting is great, but not the only thing." Michelle pondered her options. Changing into her normal clothes was easy enough, and Ann was right of course. This uniform skirt was so short that it hardly counted as such, except for hiding her panties when standing up. Her normal skirt came down to over her knees and was made of a much thicker material, resting firmly against her legs. Wetting herself wearing that skirt would be a lot more like the bitch. "Okay, I'll try. I want to do it but keep my skirt dry, that should be possible. No socks or shoes, but all the rest. Yes!" 

At the next break, Ann went to Diana to ask what the plans for the rest of the afternoon were like, while Michelle remained where she was, getting slowly excited now. Ann came back: "No problem, but we need to get back into uniform afterwards because somebody will drop by for a photo for the university newspaper. Diana said that we could take a leave now and should be back before five." Michelle nodded and followed Ann to the locker room. While changing back into her street clothes, she hesitated with her panties. Ann saw it. "Just put on your normal panties, Michelle. They are important. You should be dressed completely as normal. And, if I may say so, include your socks and shoes, please. They make it better. Really." A bit reluctantly, Michelle dressed up and saw Ann do the same. Together they left the locker room. 

To Michelle's amazement, Ann walked straight to the sports park exit. "Hey Ann! Where are you going?" Ann smiled and dragged Michelle with her. "Never mind. Just come with me." Michelle let herself be guided to one of the beautiful lawns around the campus, with several students laying in the sun, studying or just being lazy. They stopped at the edge of a pond in which several swans floated leisurely around and where somebody had created an artificial waterfall with several large rocks and a water pump. "So," Ann said, "this is it. My favourite spot. Never many people around, enough to make it exciting though. Grass to hide traces and a waterfall to make noise. Nobody will ever discover us here." Michelle was not convinced. She looked around, then at Ann. "Are you sure? How can I squat here?"

"Squat? Who talked about squatting? No way! Not with a skirt like this." Michelle looked at Ann's skirt, a full-length blue skirt with wide folds that came down to her ankles. Squatting indeed would be difficult. "It was high time," Ann continued. "I'm peeing myself right now." She smiled sideways. "Hard to believe, huh? But it has already reached my ass and is now getting out. You might see something." She parted her feet a bit to give Michelle a glimpse of what happened down there. To her horror, Michelle saw a clear glistening stream drop onto the grass. 

"No worries, this truly is invisible from a few meters away," Ann assured her, "but under my skirt I am completely soaked. It's getting hot inside! God what a feeling. As if... as if... I don't know. It's just something you should feel yourself. It's warm and wet and exciting and relaxing. All at the same time. And on top, it's great fun. Here I am, peeing myself completely and nobody even notices. Wait, let me finish." She pressed to get her last wee in her panties. Michelle thought she could hear a definite hiss over the noise of the waterfall. Ann glowed from enjoyment and pride. She leaked out now, having wet herself to full satisfaction. "This was a good one. Not so long, but enough to get fully wet and I could go when I wanted. No minutes of pressing to get only two drops in my underwear." 

Ann now looked at Michelle as if she waited for her. Michelle blushed. "I don't know... maybe we should go somewhere else?" Ann shook her head. "No use. This spot is the best. You can even screw it up and wet your skirt, because then you just trip over and grab the wet rocks, cursing your shoes. Everybody will see it and laugh, and you get away easily with a few spots on your clothes. Do you need to go?" Michelle nodded. "Then go. Just go. Spread your legs a bit and have a leak. It's completely safe." Michelle looked around, spread her legs, and closed her eyes. "Good Michelle. Nobody notices you. Your skirt does not touch your panties, rest assured. Just imagine you're sitting on the toilet, then think of your panties high up your skirt. That's your toilet." 

Ann was curious how long this would take. Usually quite a while with true first-timers, she knew. Michelle's breathing now quickened a bit, she noticed. At least she was really trying. Michelle opened her eyes and looked at Ann. "I'm peeing myself, Ann. I really am. I can't stop it, it's all over me. Oh God..." In a reflex she parted her feet some more and wanted to grab her skirt to pull it away from her legs. But Ann held her hands. "Don't. Let it come as it is. Wet yourself. Let it go and make sure you feel everything. It's safe, really." Michelle was panting now, and just nodded silently. She concentrated on wetting her panties. It felt weird, very warm, very extensive. As if everything below her waist was engulfed by a warm wave, rustling quietly around her crotch and down her cheeks. She felt some trickle on her left leg, but it was no cause for alarm.

Slowly she let the feeling sink in. It definitely was pleasant. Even if it had been an accident it would have been pleasant, only then with enough embarrassment to spoil the whole experience. But now she could relax and have it happen. No clothes to worry about, no traces to cover up. Ann had a point in telling that this was just fun. The bitch had it all wrong. She should have wet herself in secrecy instead of out in the open, Michelle thought. But that probably was why she was in the center. She was not bright enough by far to invent sneaky wetting. Her loss. Michelle let her wee rustle through her panties and enjoyed. It was a simple but satisfying trick, she thought. Still wetting, she started to look around a bit, smiling at Ann. "You're right Ann, it has its pleasant side. I never thought it would be so easy. I mean, I'm just standing here wearing everything and I go to the toilet! It's great." 

When they both were done, they turned back to the road and returned to the sports part over the campus. Ann was obviously used to wearing soaking wet underwear, but Michelle constantly tried to take small steps, bend forward a bit, and check her skirt from behind. "Trust me Michelle, nothing shows and nothing will show. Walk normally. It's more fun." Ann even got them both some ice cream. Slowly Michelle got used to the feeling of her wet panties between her legs. It definitely was not unpleasant, unlike what she had always thought. Apparently the knowledge that she was still in control made the difference. This was being naughty in your panties, not really wetting yourself. No mess. No people to bother. No people's attention to attract. Just a little personal game. As they returned to the locker room, Michelle started to really like the experience. 

While changing back into uniform, they both looked at their panties before getting them off. Nice clear stains, unmistakenably more than a little accident. Michelle shuddered from excitement as she realized that this stain had been up her skirt out there. She got even more excited when looking at her super mini uniform skirt. "Ann... would it be nice to keep these panties on under my uniform?" she asked. Ann thought for a while. "It would, but we need to go out on campus shortly and with that short skirt you should not wear differently coloured panties as the others. So you should put on the official ones." A bit reluctantly Michelle pulled down her wet underwear and got a towel to dry herself. Not taking a shower was also naughty. With fresh clear red uniform panties up her bum, she left the locker room and joined the other team members, waiting for the photographer to arrive. 

He turned out to be Diana's boyfriend, she discovered. How convenient. Together they went out and crossed over the campus towards the place selected for the photo, giggling because of the stir they caused among the people out there. But even Michelle now felt only pretty in her short skirt, accepting her uniform as it came. She knew people were looking at her legs, and just enjoyed it. Diana whispered something to her boyfriend, he grinned and said: "Why not?" So Diana turned towards them all and quietly asked: "Who of you is not truly wet?" Most of them raised their hand. "Good. I propose that we wet before we take the photo. It's a bit risky but worth it. The photo will be made on the square in front of the administration building, around the statue. That's on concrete, so we need to wet earlier. We'll stand on the next lawn and my boyfriend will take a picture so that nobody notices what we're really doing, okay?"

Michelle and Susan were so astonished that they just could nod, together with the others who seemed all too happy about the proposal. "Can you go again?" Ann asked Susan. Susan nodded. "I can. No problem. Michelle, you?" Michelle discovered she could go as well. "That is because you have already wet," Ann explained. "It lowers the threshold. Actually it can get so low that you get incontinent for a while, but that only happened to me once, during the last cheerleader camp." It turned out that all girls apparently would have no problem getting wet on command. A naughty tension sparked up in the group, being in this together certainly was more fun than planning a solitaire wetting. 

Arrived at the lawn, they neatly lined up in half a circle first, but the photographer complained that this would not make a good picture. Too much lawn and trees, too little cheerleaders. So the outer four girls, Jane, Susan, Melissa, and Janice, moved inward and gigglingly squatted down in front of the rest. Diana inquired if this would not be a technical problem. No way, they all four assured. The photographer moved closer and sat down on his knees to get a nice shot of the whole group. "This is okay. Melissa, close your knees. Okay, it's safe now."

"Ready girls?" Diana announced. The six standing ones casually parted their legs a bit while the others made sure the way down was free as well. "On your marks... go!" Almost immediately, Jane responded "I'm going," and felt the familiar warm rush between her legs. Maureen and Cindy closely followed, then Alice, Diana, Ann, and Susan. Melissa started together with Michelle, and Janice closed the series. All within four or five seconds. "Smile girls!" the photographer announced.

He started to take pictures, carefully adjusting his camera, while the whole squad got wet. Most of the girls did not have much more in store than to refresh the stain in their panties, but Jane was going pretty well, with Diana and Melissa hardly doing less. When the photo session was over, they all were wet enough to keep their skirts down very securely. Giggling like never before they proceeded to the statue, leaving a slight trail on the pavement. Jane needed to press her cheeks together a few times before the dripping finally stopped, and Diana casually reached up her skirt to pull her panties tight for the same reason. 

"Okay girls, take care now. On and around the statue, but no silly mistakes please." Maureen and Alice, both not too wet, decided to lift their skirts and sit down on the concrete statue socket, while the rest either stayed on the ground or climbed up the socket. Diana inspected the group. "Okay. Maureen, take care with your knees. Right leg a bit down. Yes. Cindy, are you sure you want to pose like this?" Cindy nodded. "Yup. I'm not going to drip, promised." Diana was satisfied, pulled her own skirt a bit higher up, and joined the group, casually leaning against the socket. "Here we are. Smile!" The camera clicked a few times. Some staff passed by and remarked that they had a very representative cheerleading squad this year. Nice, pretty, neat girls. When they had passed, Jane stuck out her tongue and raised her skirt towards them. Suddenly a few girls needed to sneeze, Diana almost got the cramps from trying to keep a straight face, and Cindy dripped after all. 

After the session, they quickly went back to the locker room, more to have the opportunity to laugh aloud than because they feared unveiling their wet uniforms. The group stayed together long that afternoon, and ended up in the local hamburger joint, still in uniform. Plastic furniture and a tiled floor once in a wile came in handy. The photo would be ready the next day, the photographer promised, and they would all get an enlargement. 

They could hardly wait. 

