Last Night
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by wetter18 on January 4th, 2011 at 2:38AM

(Well it was more this moning but stil. And plees pardon the spelling I no its bad.) I woke up with a sharp lovely pain in my bladder reminding me how I had fallen asleep. I had some how rolled to my stomik and quikcly rolled on my back shuveing my hands down my pants and pushing heard on my pee hole just in time to stop the flood. (bad move) id roled to quickly feeling my watery contents slosh vilently inside my I push harder gasping. I gain controle again, not vary easily but I did, and slowly lesond the presher on my now therobing pee hole. After releesing all the presher of my hands I slowly loosen my leg musels torchering my self I get them uncrossed bt stil close together. My body refuzing to let them spred I give my now rock hard blader a quick hard poke. My other hand quickly pushing on my hole as I feel the hot liquid rush to eskabe and cling to the edg.

I mone in plesher and slowly sit up feeling my football sized blader pushing on my legs. I stand stil pushing pulsingly on my pee hole. The presher inkreesing as I stand I push harder. I slowly regane controle by rubing the swolen lump and hobil to the bathroom door. To my dismay its locked as the sound of runing water hits my ears I loos a short hard spert into my hands and squer furyusly to regane composher. I slam my hand on the door and a few seconds later my room mate opens the door in a towl shampoo in her hair ...

If you would like to hear what we did next just coment or send me a msg.

