Our Hold-it Contest
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Gemma and Jane have been secretly playing hold-it games ever since their teens. They have been mates for a very long time, and knew of each other’s habits. Ever since they were forced to hold their pee during a PE lesson, the ladies have found discreet places for their wet passion.

They both worked at a health club, and sometimes they have to refrain from going to the toilet when they talk to the club’s members. In intervals during the day, they would talk frankly to each other about their desperation.

Sometimes, they would hold it all day, so when it was time to go home, they were absolutely bursting to go. When it got really bad, they would openly hold themselves, even when club members were watching them. Their manager repeatedly urged them to use the toilet.

On this particular day though, they decided to go to the local park. They wanted to have a little picnic…. mainly with three large bottles of mineral water (ice-cooled, of course) to drink, and just one sandwich each.

“I fancy a good hold-it, don’t you?” asked Gemma.

“But with all these people around?” replied Jane.

It was a warm day. It seemed the whole community had come to the park either to sunbathe or to play.

“Go on, it’ll be great,” Gemma said, with a devilish grin. She always liked the outdoors hold-it games.

“Jane, how about we play our game now? See who can hold the longest, normal rules?”

“Okay, then the winner gets a free bottle of cola!” said Jane.

“You’re on,” Gemma said.

The pair had drank one bottle of mineral water each, and within an hour, they felt the need to go. they were slightly fidgety first of all and shifting around on their backsides on the grass. Both of them were wearing light-coloured dresses, and that meant when they got wet, they see the material of them darken. Half an hour later, and the ladies were bursting. They had their hands jammed in between their legs and were shifting wildly and squeezing them. Then Gemma got up to grab herself and started to do the pee dance.

A handsome young man had walked by and saw their self-imposed predicament.

“Are you okay, girls?” he asked with a little concern.

“We’re fine,” replied Gemma.

“You don’t look fine if you need the bathroom,” said the man.

“Look, fuck off, will you!” Gemma shouted back.

“Oh, fuck you too,” shouted the man, and he stormed off.

The ladies were really desperate and on the verge of going in their dresses. they were grabbing themselves, doing pee dances, curtsy, and other forms of desperation.

“I’m going to win this contest!” said Gemma.

“No you won’t, I will!” replied Jane.

Suddenly, Jane saw a bee on her shoulder.

“Help, a bee!” she shouted. She swatted the bee away, then stopped and looked down her legs. She felt some pee seep into her knickers. She tried to grab herself again to halt the flow, but it was too late. The pee began to saturate her dress, and in the end she just gave up, and let the pee flow through her dress, and trickling down her thighs. Gemma watched transfixed at what Jane was doing. It seemed to last forever.

“I won the bet, I won the bet!” Gemma said.

“If it hadn’t been for that bee, I would’ve won!” Jane complained. Gemma was still holding herself.

“That is twelve in a row, isn’t it now?”

“I’ll get you that bottle of cola when we get home,” groaned Jane.

