Jenny. The Bursting Schoolgirl!
  (The saga of Jenny continued . . . )
By Bob

There was something about poor young Jenny that had always seemed to bring out the latent "toilet sadism" in every cruel, sadistic toilet-torturing male within reach! Maybe it was her shapely, curvaceous, classically female bottom. Maybe it was her beautiful long legs. Maybe it was her lovely face, which blushed so prettily whenever she needed to go to the loo and which, as matters got more desperate, looked so utterly, heartbreakingly, pleadingly, pathetically tearful! But anyway, poor Jenny, despite being extremely intelligent, vivacious, popular with her friends and colleagues, successful at her work in the office and in no sense naive in other ways (she'd had a string of boyfriends all through senior school, college and then work, had started masturbating when she was 13 and had had a boy's hard throbbing cock up her sopping, eager young pussy for the first time when she was a 17-year-old schoolgirl), was - although she never realised it! - one of nature's female "toilet victims".

Time and again she would find herself bursting to wee but delayed and hindered from reaching the loo by artful male "toilet sadists" who pretended to be helping her while in fact prolonging her predicament in all sorts of cruel, wily ways. Or sometimes she would be more openly and blatantly toilet-tortured by masterful males who revelled in making her wait and beg and plead for relief while she squirmed around in agony, terrified that she would lose control and wee her knickers. Could they have been able to talk, Jenny's knickers could have told many a frantic tale of the sweaty toilet tortures she'd suffered inside them! Indeed, more than one visiting young male staying in her household had abstracted her pee-soaked knickers from out of the laundry-basket after witnessing one of her dreadful toilet ordeals, and wanked excitedly with her knickers (still wet with her pee) wrapped round his throbbing, stiff cock!

But although she sometimes got an inkling of it, and although she had an enthusiasm for sex in its many different aspects which was at least as lively as that of most healthy, attractive girls in their early 20s (indeed, it was livelier than most!), somehow she never quite fully realised why her many male toilet torturers always seemed to have flushed faces and massive and visible hard-ons as they repeatedly thwarted her increasingly desperate attempts to get to the loo. After all, she thought, what could possibly be "exciting" about a sweating girl squirming around practically weeing her knickers, frantic for the toilet?

Nor had she ever really understood why her boyfriend Dave was so fond of taking the "scenic route" when they were coming back in the car after an outing and he knew she'd been absolutely bursting to wee for ages and was anxious to get home, or why he was so strangely prone to miss even the most well-signposted turn-offs to the "Services" on motorways when she was wriggling around on the passenger-seat with her fingers digging into her poor, frantic young pussy through the sopping wet crotch of her knickers, absolutely desperate for a pee. Poor Jenny!

Most of the time she really enjoyed both her work and her social life, she was very athletic and highly-sexed, and she was very happy with Dave - especially when she had been frantic for sex all day while at work (masturbating secretly in the loo!) and as soon as she arrived home she got him to ram his stiff cock right up her soaking, highly-aroused pussy! If she thought about it at all, she supposed that being caught from time to time bursting to wee and unable to get to a toilet was just part of the usual female lot in life. (And who knows? Maybe it is! )

Anyway, to begin at the beginning, I ought to explain that Jenny went to a very traditional all-girls' grammar school, where the mistresses were very strict about never letting girls out to the toilets during class, however desperate they were. 

As a result, even in the Sixth Form there were often quite a number of pathetic, sweating, bursting young 18-year-old girls sitting cross-legged in class towards the end of a lesson, squeezing their tortured young pussies between their thighs, just praying for the bell to ring! But they were were all supposed to be young ladies, of course, and young ladies just don't wee their knickers, do they, however agonised their poor bladders may be and however badly they need to go! And quite frequently, too, the girls' toilets were closed for cleaning at the end of afternoon school, so that Jenny's journeys home would often be a mad race to get safely back to the house and into the toilet before she lost all control and peed her knickers.

Poor Jenny knew only too well the feeling of having to hobble along the road home absolutely desperate, terrified in case someone would stop and speak to her or delay her even for a second, and of getting into a state in which she had to keep squeezing the lips of her anguished little pussy between her upper thighs and pulling up her school knickers as tight as they would go between her legs to try to counteract the pressure of the pee which was trying to force its way out of her aching bladder, and of practically losing control in her knickers while still being stranded quite a distance from home, knowing it was touch and go whether she'd be able to make it back to the house in time before little spurts began coming out in her knickers. Indeed, it once or twice happened that she lost control when tantalisingly within sight of the gate and drenched her skimpy white school knickers with hot, uncontrollable floods of desperate schoolgirl wee.

That, it sometime seemed to poor Jenny at such moments, had been the whole story of her girlhood - twisting and twining and squeezing her sweaty upper thighs together, slipping her trembling hand inside the waistband of her skirt to tug her pants up really, really tightly in front, stretched tightly over her tortured little pussy, to try to ease the panicky pressure on her pee-hole so that the elastic would cut cruelly into her sweating crotch, caught absolutely bursting to pee, in a sheer blind panic and still miles from home and therefore from the toilet she needed to use so desperately!

And there was always the agonising thought, too, during such ordeals that even if she did make it home just in time somebody else might be in the toilet! There was only one loo in Jenny's house, and once or twice she'd come hobbling into the house and dumped her satchel down any old how in the hall while nearly weeing her pants, tugging them up tightly in front to bring pressure to bear on her anguished pussy to try to keep control for those few crucial seconds before she could get them down and have a really urgently-needed wee, only to find the bathroom door cruelly shut and bolted in her face! Jenny was an only child, and the principal culprit in this respect seemed to be her cousin Steve, who was four years older than she was and often came to stay with them for several weeks during his college vacations, when sometimes Jenny's school was still in session. Jenny liked Steve.

They got on really well, sharing a similar sense of humour, and he was always very helpful, too, with her work for her A-levels, since they'd studied the same subjects. And, what's more, he also sometimes brought back to the house with him handsome young male fellow students who were just as susceptible to Jenny's 18-year-old charms as she was to theirs, and that was a decided bonus for a girl with no brothers to fulfil the traditional function of acting as an introduction-agency to likely young males!

But Steve did seem to have this unfortunate habit of often being in the loo when she arrived back from school desperate, and maybe it was just as well for Jenny's friendly relationship with her older cousin that she never realised why! Steve, you see, was a very subtle but extremely enthusiastic toilet-torturing toilet sadist, and he had been ever since his earliest boyhood. So when he was staying with them he used to stand looking out of his bedroom window every afternoon to see if Jenny, as she came along the road home, showed signs of needing the loo. (Having known Jenny since she was a small girl, he knew the signs extremely well - and certainly if you see an 18-year-old girl in school uniform hobbling quickly along with little mincing steps and an expression of agony on her face, and every so often pausing to bend over double, cross her legs and thrust her hands between them to squeeze her pussy in an effort to regain control, it's difficult to mistake the nature of her predicament! )

If Jenny did show such signs, then, quick as a flash, Steve would be into the bathroom and would bolt the door after him.

Then, as poor Jenny stood outside running on the spot, frantically rattling the door-handle and begging him to hurry, naughty Steve would be sitting on the loo with his jeans unzipped, wanking away at his stiff, straining young cock, quietly but excitedly giving himself relief of quite a different kind from that which poor Jenny so urgently needed!

And then, late that night, after Jenny and the rest of the household had gone to bed, he would slyly raid the laundry-basket and carry off back to his bedroom the knickers Jenny had been wearing, which were often soaked with her desperate spurts of wee. He would then lie for ages wanking away until he spurted floods of his spunk into into her knickers, remembering how he'd cruelly denied poor Jenny her longed-for relief and imagining all the cruel toilet agonies poor Jenny had undergone inside those very knickers as an unwitting victim of his cunning male toilet sadism, while she struggled frantically to avoid letting go of those still-damp, tell-tale spurts of desperate schoolgirl wee!


Ooh! How Steve used to torture poor Jenny! But perhaps Jenny's worst-ever desperate school toilet ordeal took place one afternoon just towards the end of the Easter term, when she was already 18 and about to take her A-levels. She'd been needing a wee quite badly during most of afternoon school, and when break began she'd made a bee-line for the girls' toilets. But it was only a 10-minute break, and as luck would have it her class before break had been in that very part of the rambling old school buildings which was furthest of all away from the toilets (about 5 minutes' walk away, in fact). So when poor Jenny got there she found to her horror that all the cubicles were occupied and there were more than a dozen desperate, frantically-jiggling senior girls standing in front of them, waiting to use them!

Can you imagine what it was like for poor Jenny as she stood there queueing for those toilets with her sweaty thighs pressed together, squeezing them tightly against each other to try to ease the pressure on her poor, vulnerable little schoolgirl pussy, absolutely bursting to wee? Not only were the minutes ticking away, but as the queue moved nail-bitingly slowly she could hear nothing from inside the four cubicles but the cruel tantalising sound of those desperate, very full-bladdered 17 or 18 year-old schoolgirls tearing their knickers down over their lovely young bare bottoms while they gasped and groaned with urgency, and then peeing away in loud, seemingly never-ending streams as they sighed and moaned with relief!

At last, with about thirty seconds to go before break was due to finish, only two bursting girls were left standing unrelieved outside the cubicles - Jenny and her friend Miranda, who was just ahead of her in the queue. Both of them were jiggling around really frenziedly, squeezing their poor, frantic young pussies between their sweaty bare thighs to try to ease the agonising, urgent pressure. "Ooh! Oooh! I'm just about weeing my pants!" groaned poor Miranda, furiously jiggling and squirming around as her curvaceous, delectable, rounded young bottom wiggled painfully and vulnerably from side to side. "Hurry UP in there, PLEASE! I'm absolutely desperate!"

"Ooh! So am I!" Jenny groaned in return. "And it's nearly time for the bell! Listen, Miranda - can I come in with you, so that at least I'll be in there when the bell goes and the Head Girl can't stop me going in? I'll let you have your own wee first, I promise! PLEASE!"

"All right!" said Miranda. "But, as you say, me first! Oh God, Jenny, I'll wee my pants if I don't get in there in about two seconds!" Then three things happened in rapid succession. A cubicle door opened and Kate, the Head Girl came out. Poor frantic young Miranda dived past her into the cubicle, with a bursting, panicking Jenny desperately attempting to follow behind her. And the bell rang! "Jenny! And just where do you think that you're going?" snapped the Head Girl. "You know it isn't allowed for two girls to go into a cubicle at the same time! Miranda, you go in there by yourself, and bolt the door!"

"Oh but please, Kate!" poor Jenny whimpered. "I'm nearly weeing my pants and I can't possibly wait until the end of the next lesson! Please let me go in with Miranda! Please! We weren't going in there to - to do anything! Jenny knew that the school was very strict about its young ladies' morals, and she also knew from general gossip (and from personal observation!) that one or two of the senior girls liked "accidentally" brushing their hands against other girls' bare bums or even their furry bare pussies in the showers after games, and that sort of thing.

And Jenny and Miranda even sometimes used to masturbate each other in Jenny's bedroom after school, first lifting their skirts up and taking their knickers down to admire each other's rounded bare bums, then fondling each other's boobs and feeling up each other's hairy bare bum clefts with their hands, and finally rubbing away at each other's sopping pussies until they came! But she still didn't realise that here she was playing into Kate's hands. You see, nobody knew, because for obvious reasons she'd kept her secret well, that Kate, the Head Girl, not only had slight AC/DC tendencies but was also kinky about other girls being made to suffer when they were bursting to pee. Toilet-torturing isn't always confined to males, and, for Kate, being on "toilet duty" was the great "perk" of being Head Girl! Also, Kate secretly fancied Jenny!

Once they'd both been away on a school trip and Jenny and Kate had shared a twin room with a toilet-cum-washroom attached, and more than once as they were washing in the morning Kate had sat there cruelly, peeing loudly at full stream on the toilet for ages while poor Jenny had stood there bent double, her gorgeous, sweating young bare female bottom waving in the air, clutching herself frantically between her legs while she begged Kate to hurry. But because she didn't know Kate fancied her, it never occurred to her to wonder why, as she stood there pleading and jiggling, Kate seemed to take so long wiping her pussy with loo roll - or why her face would go all flushed and red and she would get so breathless and excited as she did so. In fact, of course, Kate were masturbating, as she prevented and delayed poor young desperate, bursting Jenny from having a pee.

But while Jenny knew that girls sometimes masturbated together, and even did so herself with Miranda, as I've said, it never occurred to her that another girl would be excited at all, let alone be so excited as to masturbate, if all they were doing was cruelly blocking another girl's access to a longed-for, tantalisingly visible toilet for ages and absolute AGES while cold-bloodedly, deliberately and sadistically preventing the bursting, pleading, begging, sweating, squirming, jiggling, pathetic, frantic girl from having her desperately needed pee! Anyway, as bursting, frantic Miranda scurried nearly bent double into the vacant cubicle, poor Jenny continued to plead with Kate. "Please, Kate!" she squealed, making a rueful, screwed-up, pouting face and crossing her legs, her pathetic, vulnerable, delectable 18-year-old bottom protruding as she did so.

"Ohh! Ooooh! Oh Kate! Ooooooh! Ssss! I'm needing a wee so badly! I'm just bursting for a wee!" But Kate, inwardly churning with excitement at poor Jenny's anguished plight, and revelling in the fact that poor, pathetic Jenny was completely and utterly in her power, obstinately refused, saying, "Sorry, Jenny! The rules are the rules, you know! As toilet prefect I'm not allowed to let anyone in once the bell's gone - the Headmistress's orders! I'd like to help, but I'm just not allowed to!" Meanwhile, as Kate still implacably refused Jenny access to the toilets, the girls who had been in the other three cubicles had come out one by one and scurried off to their classes, glancing at Jenny and sniggering as they did so (cruel little madams that they were)!

And as she wriggled and jiggled around, still fruitlessly pleading with Kate, all poor Jenny could hear from inside Miranda's cubicle was the tantalising sound of Miranda hastily rucking her up skirt to her waist, hauling her knickers down over her jiggling, sweating bare bottom and peeing and peeing and peeing away in a loud, endless, ecstatic, splashing, vigorous stream into the toilet! (God, Johannes! Poor Miranda had really needed that wee!)

But it was no use for poor young Jenny to plead or protest. Miranda came out of the cubicle, Kate ushered them both out of the girls' toilets, and all poor Jenny could do - cruelly thwarted at the very last moment from using the toilets as she had been - was to make her way to the next class with Kate and a relieved-looking Miranda and sit down at her desk and get her art materials out. (You see, to make Jenny's plight on this particular occasion even worse, the next class was the Art class. And while, of course, most of the teachers at the school were women, the Art class was always taken by a visiting young male Art master!) Of course, as soon as she sat down at the desk and the initial, illusory, but momentary relief resulting from being able to press her sweating bum against a hard surface had passed, Jenny very rapidly became painfully conscious once more of just how badly she needed to GO!

But for a few further minutes she sat there bracing herself really firmly against the seat, her legs tightly pressed together but not crossed, trying to ignore her distended bladder. (After all, she didn't want to draw more attention to her plight than was strictly necessary!) But then, as the pressure built up, she crossed her right leg over her left, as if casually. It helped for a little, but she soon had to change position and cross her left leg over the right. After another, shorter interval she then re-crossed her right leg over her left, higher up this time. Oh God, poor Jenny was needing a pee so badly she was desperate! Can you imagine her sitting there in the Art class in her school uniform, trying to look as if she was doing a still-life drawing but completely unable to concentrate, just dying for a pee and not able to go?

By this stage Kate and Miranda were looking at her and giggling, and Jenny then heard Karen (who sat behind Kate) whisper, "What's wrong with Jenny?" Kate then hissed back, "She's absolutely bursting - bursting for a pee! She was really desperate before we came in but she couldn't go at break because she was last in the queue! You should have just seen her face when the bell went and she knew she wouldn't be able to get in to the loos!" Karen then started choking with giggles, which set Kate and Miranda off, until the Art master looked up and silenced them with a hawk-like stare. However, poor Jenny soon heard other whispers from the girls nearby as the news of her predicament silently spread. Soon it seemed to Jenny that cruel, taunting whispers were reaching her from all over the classroom : "Look at Jenny!"

"Jenny's needing the toilet!"

"Jenny's needing the toilet terribly, terribly badly - LOOK!"

"Look! Jenny's squirming around on her seat just - oooh! - DESPERATE for a pee!"

"Jenny's dying for the toilet!"

"Jenny's bursting for a pee!"

"You should have seen Jenny jiggling and jiggling around in the girls' toilets, desperate to get in!"

"Jenny's practically weeing her pants on the seat!"

"Look! Jenny's wriggling around on the seat nearly peeing her knickers!"

"Jenny's going to have an accident in her knickers in class!"

"Jenny's just about wetting her pants!"

"Look! Jenny's sitting there practically DOING it - oooh! - she's been bursting for hours and she's crossing her legs again and she's nearly DOING IT ON THE SEAT!"

"Jenny's just desperate - she's bursting for a wee!"

"What?"

"Yes, she's bursting for a wee! She told me she needed to wee really, really badly as we were coming out of the last class, but she couldn't get into the toilets during break because she ended up last in the queue! Oooh! Just imagine sitting with your thighs crossed in class desperate, all panicky and sweaty, absolutely BURSTING for a wee and nearly wetting your pants! How awful to be trapped in class for ages when you're needing a wee as badly as that!"

"Gosh! Look at the way Jenny's sitting! She's really bursting!"

"Oooh! She's crossing her legs again! She must be trying to squeeze her poor, sweating pussy as hard as she possibly can between them! Will she be able to WAIT?"

"Ooh! Just look at her face! It's gone SCARLET! She's DESPERATE, poor Jenny! Ooooh! She's sitting there squirming around nearly doing it on the seat! Just look at her! I'll bet she's in absolute agony!" Poor Jenny felt unbelievably uncomfortable and anxious as she sat there on the absolute verge of wetting her pants in class, and the way that at least half a dozen surrounding girls by this time had their eyes glued to her and were giggling away - the sadistic little bitches that they were - every time she crossed and recrossed her thighs (which was by now around once a minute) didn't help AT ALL!

It also didn't help that one or two of them kept on making gentle whistling sounds, or hissing at her, "Ever been bursting for the toilet, Jenny?" There were also a few of the girls who were really excited by Jenny's plight and were secretly masturbating under their desks, their hands surreptitiously up their skirts, rubbing away at their erect, throbbing little clits through their thin, tightly-stretched school knickers!

Jenny was a really beautiful girl with a wonderful figure, and when the girls were all crowding against each other naked in the showers after games her firm, pert young boobs, her gorgeous, rounded young bare bottom, her profuse, full, curly bush of coppery-red pubic hair and her wonderful pussy with its prominent clitoris protruding between her pussy-lips used to draw lots of secret admiring glances from the other girls, whose pussies would moisten as they looked at her and who would try as often as they could to let their hands brush "accidentally" against her bare bum and her pussy!

But then, as poor Jenny sat squirming at her desk and the pressure got so bad that she began to fear that she really would have an accident and pee her pants any second, she suddenly found that, by rising up slightly off the seat, allowing her loose grey school skirt to fall down over the back of the seat and then sitting down again with just her knicker-clad bottom against the desk, she could press her desperate, frantic little pussy-lips really hard against the cold wood of the seat through her thin white nylon school knickers and so get a precious degree of relief.

(This was a technique which the naughtier senior girls, like Jenny and Miranda themselves, sometimes used as a way of masturbating surreptitiously in class, but today it came in handy for quite a different purpose!)

So poor young Jenny sat there wriggling around with her desperate little pussy rubbing frantically against the cold seat through her thin nylon knickers for about quarter of an hour. But her throbbing pussy-lips felt unbelievably open and vulnerable, however hard she worked her bladder muscles, and she hardly knew if she was starting to pee or not as she contracted the muscles of her frantic little pee-hole again and again. Even contracting the muscles as hard as she could, the pressure was unbearable - so much so that she couldn't stop contracting her poor little desperate pee-hole muscles for a single second.

God, Johannes! Just imagine poor Jenny sitting there pressing her poor, sweating, anguished little furry knicker-clad pussy as hard as ever she could against the wood, rubbing it frantically backwards and forwards and round and about as if it was the sticky little mouth of a gum-bottle she had inside those tightly-stretched white nylon knickers, while all the girls nearby pointed and giggled and made bets as to whether she could hold out till the end of the lesson! Oh, it was AWFUL!

She just needed a pee so terribly terribly BADLY, and she wasn't allowed to GO! Whatever was she going to DO? The young visiting Art Master had of course been aware of poor Jenny's plight since the beginning of the lesson, and had been loving every minute of it! He also, you see (surprise! surprise!), was a highly committed toilet-torturing toilet sadist and, although he was an itinerant teacher going around a number of schools in the area, this was by far his favourite part of the whole week - not just because it involved teaching nubile, well-developed young 18-year-old Sixth Form girls rather than squalling younger brats or the bored, rude, cheeky, wisecracking Sixth Form boys at the local boys' grammar in the same town as Jenny's, but also, and principally, because of its strict "no excusing the girls from class to go to the toilets" policy!

By now he was an adept in the various signs which betrayed female toilet sufferings - their tightly-crossed legs, uneasily shifting bums, flushed faces, lips being bitten, hissing little intakes of breath. But he'd never seen so many of the signs being shown so acutely as by poor young Jenny today! Just imagine how you would feel, by the way, Johannes, if part of your job consisted of teaching computing skills for two hours a week, to about 30 voluptuous young 18-year-old Sixth Form schoolgirls in school uniform - which was often a little, er, shall we say, tight (!) on their well-developed young adult female forms - and, as was the average in Jenny's class, you knew each time that between half a dozen and a dozen of them, with varying degrees of urgency, needed to go to the loo?

Even if she wasn't showing it particularly desperately, wouldn't it be exciting to lean over an 18-year-old girl's desk inspecting her work, standing so close to her that the sleeve of your jacket was brushing against the shoulder of her blazer, while you knew that she was needing a pee? You won't be surprised, then, that Jenny's Art master kept a mental scorecard to be marked up at the end of every lesson along the lines of, "When the bell finally rang for the end of the period, there were six girls with their legs pressed together, obviously needing a pee quite badly. Three girls had their legs crossed, obviously needing a pee very badly. Two more were shifting around on their bums as well as keeping their legs very tightly crossed, obviously absolutely bursting for a pee. And one was squirming around, bouncing up and down, looking at her watch three times a minute and making little hissing sounds of intaken female breath, obviously just about wetting her pants!" No wonder he enjoyed his job!

Anyway, it was by now about five minutes before the lesson was due to end, and the Art master was determined to prolong Jenny's torture as much as he could. So, feigning great interest in her work, he came over and stood examining it closely and making helpfully-critical comments while poor Jenny bounced and sweated. From where he stood he could tell from the way Jenny was moving around, slightly crouched forward so that the mouth of her tortured little pussy was rubbing against the seat through her knickers, that she was in agony. He could see her bounce up and down on her bum from time to time, and he could see that she was dripping with sweat.

How he prayed that she wouldn't notice his massive erection! Then the bell rang. A giggling stream of girls began to pour out of the classroom, having hastily put their art materials away. But still the Art master stood beside poor Jenny, ignoring her covert, frantic attempts to clear up and go. "Just wait behind a minute, Jenny, will you?" he said in what he hoped was a normal voice. "I've a book of still life drawings in the cupboard you might like to look at. It would help you with getting the perspective right." As the last of the girls left the classroom, still giggling at Jenny, the Art master turned and went over to the classroom cupboard, inside the door of which there happened to be a mirror which Jenny couldn't see. (It was an old teachers' trick to have a cunningly-placed mirror there, to substitute for the proverbial "eyes in the back of my head".)

And what he saw in the mirror was this! The moment she thought she was unobserved, Jenny's hand flew up her skirt and started rubbing away at herself like fury through the by-now-pee-saturated cloth of her knickers. As he pretended to be searching for the book, Jenny was bouncing up and down on the seat in a frenzy. Her sweaty bottom thumped audibly against it while, no longer able to care about modesty, her skirt was up round her waist revealing her sweating, tightly-crossed upper thighs. Both her hands were between her legs now, working away frantically at her pee-hole, and inside her knickers her pubic hair was all matted and damp with sweat and desperate, inadvertent spurts of pee.

Then as another way of trying to stop herself from peeing her pants, and still thinking that the Art master couldn't see what she was doing, she raised her bottom off the seat, opened her thighs wide, wriggled her fingers under the elastic of her sweaty knickers, and rubbed away furiously at her bare pussy beneath. As she did so, she couldn't help revealing little tufts of her coppery-red pubic hair - and she also (although she didn't notice this!) gave off exciting fumes of bare schoolgirl pussy which started to fill the room with their sexy smell! But even this didn't work for very long, and as the Art master still pretended to search busily in the cupboard for the book Jenny crossed her sweating bare thighs really tightly again, her right hand wedged firmly between them as it worked away at her anguished pussy.

She was trembling and shaking uncontrollably, sweat was pouring off her (it was running in rivers by now down the hairy cleft of her beautiful, rounded young 18-year-old schoolgirl bottom, and she was whispering to herself, "Oh please, God, don't let him keep me here any longer! Let him just find that bloody book and let me go! Oh God, please don't let me pee my pants here like this! PLEASE don't let me pee my pants! Oooooh! I wish I weren't too shy to tell him that I'm practically peeing my knickers!

But I can't say anything to him! I just CAN'T! I'd be too embarrassed! Oh God, and he STILL hasn't found that bloody book! Ohhh! Oh God, dear God, what on earth am I going to DO?" And then it happened. Involuntarily poor Jenny opened her sweating, white, bare, schoolgirlish thighs slightly and moaned as the final spasm overcame her, and a torrent of Jenny's unstoppable schoolgirl pee flooded out, pouring all over the seat and on to the floor. Meanwhile, the Art master, watching in the mirror, slipped his hand into his pocket to try to readjust his rampantly stiff hard-on - and came in his pants instantaneously as he did so. Shamefacedly, and without even daring to turn round, he told Jenny to hurry up to the toilets. And then he did the same, to clean up after his own personal disaster . . . !

