Lunambra 1-3

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 3- Stone

Queen Jenara opened her eyes and tried to sit up, but was held back from both directions. Through tired, cloudy eyes, she looked to her left and then her right to see that her hands and feet were chained to a stone slab. And even worse than that, she was naked. She tried to pull at her chains, but was stopped by the overwhelming pressure inside of her. She crushed her legs together and gasped, barely containing herself through the wave of urgency. It passed and she lay back, breathing heavily. She figured many hours must have passed since the bandits attacked the carriage, as she had been managing herself fine there but was in agony at the moment.

She had not felt the need for relief so greatly since she was in training as a Lady-in-Waiting as a little girl, with the threat of sleeping on the hard floor looming over her if she were to wet herself. Of course the test was a trick from the start, and they had planned to force her to wait until she lost control no matter how long it took. And now she was again laying on a stone floor, again about to lose to her bodily limits. Again her insides throbbed, and she let out a yell this time, a yell that echoed through the stone chambers.

"Hello?" A small voice piped up from beside the queen, and she turned to see another woman sitting in the corner behind her, also naked. The Queen was taken aback by how similar the woman looked to her. The same flowing brown hair, smooth, pale skin, same strong frame, even the same green eyes. From a distance, she could easily be mistaken for the Queen. This thought is what allowed the Queen to realize that she had very likely indeed been mistaken for her, which was why she was here.

"Who are you, girl?" the Queen asked, even though the woman nearly matched her age of 38.

"I am just an adventurer, my Queen. I was attacked by many men two days earlier, and I believe they mistook me for you. I must say, we do appear alike. They've treated me surprisingly well, but I fear I won't remain so fortunate now that they know they have the wrong woman."

"I see. Do you know where we are?" the Queen asked her.

"Yes. We are at Olsha Fortress." The Queen recognized the name. It was only about half a mile off the road she was taken from. "I used to nearly live here as a child, right after it was abandoned as a military post once we allied with Valdus."

The Queen laughed painfully. "I watched my father give that order. Ironic now, that I am held by brigands who are only here due to this order." She was interrupted by heavy footsteps echoing through the hallway outside the prison door. A tall, bearded man dressed in heavy chain and plate armor unlocked the steel door and entered their cell.

"Aye hello there, Queeny," he said in a gruff, deep voice. "Glad we finally have the right one of you. We were certain it was her, until she started screamin' and pissin' all over the place. Shameful display for a Queen we thought, so I took the time from my day to question her. She managed to convince me that she were not Royalty, which lead us to find you." The Queen stayed silent. "You don't need to say nothin', the gold and weapons we found on your carriage as well as the guards tell me we got the right bitch this time."

The bandit placed his hand on her right breast, and she stared daggers into him but made no sound. His hand ran down her body towards her womanhood, but before he got there his hand passed over her massive, bulging bladder. She involuntarily shouted, slamming her legs shut and squirming as much as the chains allowed. The bandit grinned evilly at her. "BOYS, GET OVER HERE!" he shouted. Soon more footsteps approached, and four men joined him over her naked body. "I think this cunt needs a piss as well, wouldn't you think?" he laughed. The other men joined in his laughter. "I feel like it would be amusing to watch a Queen humiliate herself so. He leaned against the wall, watching her. "How long do you think you can wait, eh?"

The Queen's fury blocked out any of his proposed humiliation. She continued to stare him down, and she released her legs grip on each other. For twenty minutes she lay there, each second feeling as an hour. With each breath she took, her vulva twitched and her muscles strained. She could see her stomach bulging nearly six inches beyond its usual size, and she was thankful she had no girdle or belt to compress it. Her pride allowed her to contain herself. She did not know this, but inside of her, two liters of wine and water pushed down on her, more than she had ever before contained. She would never admit it, but many times during and after feasts she had allowed herself to leak into her many undergarments to relieve some pressure, but now she had no such option. The slightest amount of fluid escaping her would be fully visible to everyone, and so she held. After half an hour, the men gave up the vigil. "I'll be back soon to see your mess," their leader spat as he left the room.

As soon as he was gone, the Queen began to cry, something she had not done in many years. Not out of fear or pain, but from the insult of knowing she would soon burst, giving her captors the satisfaction. "I'm sorry for what has happened to you, girl," she said to the other captive. "I wish I could defy them but my body is going to fail me as yours did. Soon I am going to wet myself on this floor like a common peasant child." The woman's next words made no sense to the Queen, at first.

"Not if I hide it."

"How could we hide it, we have no cloth, no holes-" And the Queen gasped as the woman crawled over her and knelt beside her legs.

"My Queen, would you do anything do defy these men, anything to prevent them the sight of your loss of control?" The girl spoke seriously, looking into the Queen's eyes.

"I would. But I simply do not see what-" And the girl turned, kneeling over the Queen and placing her hands on the floor beside the Queen's hips. She lowered her head, and placed her mouth over the Queen's womanhood just as she lost control of her waters. The Queen went dumb with relief, unable to protest the abhorrent maneuver the girl had performed. She burst directly into the woman's mouth, and she swallowed every drop the Queen put out. She tried continuously to stop her flow, but it was well over ten seconds before her muscles regained enough strength to stop it.

Trying to stifle her moans of relief, she glared down at the girl, who wiped the Queen's urine off of her chin. "How...dare you," the Queen hissed down at the woman. "I should have you banish- execu- burned at the-" But her head fell back. Every muscle in her body was weak from holding her drink, and her mind finally realized that she had just been saved earthshattering humiliation in the face of her enemies. Soon afterwards, she heard people approaching once more from the hall. The leader and his four men entered the cell. He stared at her inquisitively.

"What trickery is this!? I saw with my own eyes the size of your belly and somehow you stay dry." A brilliant idea filled the Queen's mind.

"It is because I am a Sorceress, you animal." She mustered the best 'evil grin' she could manage. "The one and only reason I have not melted off these chains and turned you and your men into tadpoles is because I respect the laws of this country and want to see you held to trial and hung from the neck until dead. I remain here, for I have sent my Familiar to the castle to notify the Captain of the Guard of my whereabouts. Now leave me be, and await my army as they tear this fortress to the ground." Her deception worked perfectly. Fearful expressions spread over their faces as she spoke, and on her last word each and every one of them stumbled backwards from the room.

Putting herself in the shoes of a simpleton, she could hardly blame them for believing her. It was utterly obvious that she was about to wet herself, and for the problem to suddenly vanish was as close to sorcery as the real world would ever see. The true solution to the problem likely seemed unfathomable to the bandits, and the Queen would have never thought of it herself. While they would not believe her act forever, the other woman's quick actions had bought them more time, which was all they needed.

The woman spoke again. "That was a smart plan, my Queen, but we both well know there is no army on their way. Will we really remain safe here?

"You needn't worry," the Queen whispered to the girl, now smiling true. "These men will be not but corpses before this day is out. My son escaped their first attack, and I swear to you, his wrath is far greater than any army."

