I haven't sent a story before, so I don't know if this is ok for your use or not, but it's just a short desperation story. This is about desperation I had witnessed. It was funny/cute, classic and innocent...so I thought the desperation fans here would appreciate this story.
This occurred today in my office. I will preface this right now with I KNOW this woman wasn't testing me for a reaction. She was just comfortable and not the type to be embarrassed in a situation like this... just me and no one else around. Of course I'm not using real names. To set it up... there's a young, cute, woman (Linda) who works down the hall from me in another department. She also has a sister who works for the same company at the far end of the same hallway. They have a younger sister who had one of those kitchen parties about 3 weeks ago. It was cookware, baking stuff, utensils, etc. I had ordered some stuff, and the sister in the mailroom (Josie) had had my order in her car for a few days...forgetting to bring it in.
Linda barged into my office and started to use my co–worker's phone to make a call (co–worker wasn't in). I asked her who she was calling...she said "you'll see." Then she starts squirming...and said, "Damn, I have to pee sooo bad." She's bouncing, wriggling and changing feet the whole time she's on the phone... doing the pee–pee dance... begging her sister to PLEASE answer the damn phone. I highly doubt Linda purposely pushes her bladder to the limit, but she certainly wasn't hiding the fact she had to pee. Josie finally answered the phone and told her that she had already delivered my items. The big bag was sitting on a table as you walk in the door.
She had to pee so bad she couldn't see straight apparently. LOL Seriously...no way she could have missed that, but for some reason she felt compelled to call her sister right then, instead of going to the restroom first. She probably remembered the order, as she was about to walk by my office on her way to the rest room, and figured she might forget if she didn't do it right away while she was thinking of it.
So she gets off the phone, crosses her legs, bends slightly at the knees, squeezes her legs tight together and bends forward slightly. I swear– I'd have been willing to bet that she was only a few milliseconds away from jamming her hand between her legs! She moaned quietly, but out loud and said again... "Ohhhh God, I gotta pee!!" She very slowly attempted to straighten up and headed for the rest room. When she walked out of the office, she definitely wasn't standing tall! I don't imagine she could have managed to hold it much longer. No question here...aside from her saying more than once that she had to pee, her symptoms were those of classic desperation.
I've been in that situation many times, only intentionally waiting almost a little too long... so I KNOW that hand was sooo close to being in an embarrassing place... well embarrassing when it's in the office. And I know the feeling all too well. Relief is just before you as you're about to open that stall door. I have no doubt there was a struggle getting the pants and panties down once in the stall.
And I'd bet ANYTHING... that her panties weren't completely dry when all was said and done. Any takers?
OK...that's my story. Hope you enjoyed. It wasn't me, but after all that, if it HAD been me, I sure can imagine what I would have been doing in the privacy of that rest room stall.
ppPanties