Chtistmas Shopping
Last week I went Christmas shopping with my best friend Cathy and another girl from our course at University. We are all in 2nd year, Cathy went to high school with me and we have know each other for a number of years. We graduated high school like most girls I know with stretchy bladders as our school washrooms were totally gross! Cathy has the strongest bladder of any girl I know. She is the only person I know who can get up in the morning and go to a full morning's classes without going pee. She just gets up brushes her teeth, showers has breakfast with at least two cups of tea ,that would right there have my legs crossed! Then she goes to class and has another drink at mid morning. She by this time is wriggling in a way that has all the guys watching, she tells me she has never had an accident! She lets a little go in emergencies to relieve pressure but only as much as she can get away with without noticing, she maintains that by letting a little out she can then hold more!
Than the amount she released and by repeating this a few times she can max her capacity and increase her holding ability for next time,I believe her who could not when you hear her finally let it out.She can she tells me hold 40 ounces, I never checked my capacity but I know she has me beat! She always uses Hanes her way high cut briefs. I use Jockey bikinis size 5 !!! 
Well on this day we took an unsuspecting friend Stephanie as she also wanted to catch up with some shopping. Cathy and I wanted to see how well Stephanie could hold herself.She comes from a very well off family and went to private school, we will not hold that against her as she is nice. 
We reached the mall it was as I expected crowded to say the least. I suggested making a stop at the slushy stand and bought each of us large slushies. After an afternoon shopping Stephanie had been already to the bathroom and was again starting to feel the effects of her McDonald's pop added to the slushy. Cathy needless to say was not feeling any pressure. I was starting to notice a little but still had lots of time. We decided this time to delay Stephanie, we had the first time she needed to go gone straight to the bathrooms and both Cathy and I waited outside planning our strategy. Stephanie had mentioned that she needed to go again, we were all through shopping and about ready to go home. I had noticed her starting to cross her legs like she had the first time part way through the afternoon when we were waiting to pay for our purchases. 
Lucky for us we then met some popular guys from the course and Stephanie forgot about her need .These guys liked Cathy and one was also hitting on Stephanie, she did not seem to mind this. We sat around drinking capachinos and I could see Stephanie start to get very restless obviously not used to having to hold herself. I did not want our fun to end up causing Stephanie to embarrass herself in front of the guys so when she said she just had to go pee I said I would go with her and Cathy the camel and the guys stayed to guard our parcels.
Well we got to the bathrooms and needless to say the line up was long.I love to hear other girls or women pee, don't get me wrong I like guys but they cannot put on a pee dance like a girl they do not have to hurry to get their clothes out of the way like us and they certainly cannot hiss and gush like we do!! I was watching for others who were desperate but other than Stephanie who was holding herself and looking worried there was only one other a girl in her mid twenties who was prancing a little but she was next in line. The girl went in and needless to say put on a spectacular sound, not as big as Cathy in action but a good flow she must have been holding on to finish her shopping.She came out washed her hands and left looking relieved .
We waited and waited and just before Stephanie's turn came she let out a little cry and her fidgeting interrupted and a small damp patch was noticeable between her legs, she rushed into the now free stall and I could hear her try to get her jeans down but I could hear also the pee flowing out of her through her panties ( a nice little pair of Victoria's Secret string bikinis in a creamy yellow color made more yellow by the soaking they received. 
Luckily I had just bought a pair of jeans that afternoon so I lent those to her and went into a Walk Mart to buy her a pair of panties . I bought her a pair of stripy fruit of the loom briefs. By the time I had returned to the bathrooms Cathy had arrived laden with our parcels, needless to say she was supprised at my need to buy more underwear. We rescued a very embarrassed Stephanie and caught a bus back to our residence. Cathy was trying to explain the need to learn good bladder control . I was reaching bursting point myself as I had not been in all the excitement. Back at my room I dashed in used the bathroom and I think almost made as good a flow as Cathy. I was impressed but also amazed when we went out to a movie and returned, more theatre sized drinks and finally Cathy put on a performance for us. I thought Stephanie's eyes would pop out of her head. She had been 4 times in that time and needed to go again . I had been once and needed to go again !Cathy has no sensitivity to her bladder it gets so full that her jeans bulge!
Anyhow I will write another story about our trip to the theatre, hope that you all have great Christmas parties. 
Mary