Story: Childhood Experiences

by Roland, February 1996

Often I was thinking about the origin and the particular nature of my w/s inclination, but without coming to a definite answer. But at least, I can remember a sequence of events which surely shaped it, and I'd like to tell you about what happened when I was a boy of between 9 and 12 years.

As all little boys have, also I and my friends had peeing contests: who could pee the farthest or the highest? We sometimes did this kind of stuff during the breaks in the school's toilet and my performance was always pretty good.

One day, I learned about a new dimension of peeing performance I had no chance to compete with when I entered our school's loo and saw a group of friends forming a semicircle around a pissing boy. They all giggled and getting curious I approached slowly and asked what was going on. They told me that this guy just won't stop peeing. I joined the circle and watched, too. Despite the fact that allegedly he'd already peed for a long time, it took quite a while until he was going to stop.

I later found out that during the breaks he regularly would drink lots of water from the faucets and in the later morning he would go to the loo and do a pee which seemed to be endless. It was before the time I started to make more quantitative measurements and I cannot tell how long it was in reality, but his peeing style earned him the nickname "5 minutes pisser". Many other boys tried to imitate him and some achieved rather impressive performances, but nobody (including me) was able to match him.

I don't know whether Mother Nature endowed him with an unusual large bladder which he enjoyed, or whether this was the training effect of a particular w/s practice, or whether some pathological condition forced him to drink gallons of water which subsequently caused a bladder enlargement (I'm no medical expert but it is known that an early symptom of juvenile diabetes is unquenchable thirst).

At that time, my thinking about peeing and bladder capacities was totally unerotic, it was just the desire to be able to cope with or, even better, to outperform my friends.

The first time I can remember when I associated peeing and erotic feelings was when accidentally I could witness a young apprentice, Gila. My father run a shop and we had a lot of female apprentices and employees over the time. Some of them could live in our house as after the death of my Grammy a couple of rooms were available for that purpose in the upper floor of our house.

One evening, Gila came downstairs and went to the toilet at our floor (as I found out later, she never used the toilet at the upper floor, I don't know why). I was on the way to the kitchen when she started to pee just at the moment when I was passing by the loo. But this wasn't a normal pee, it was a real torrent which a loud hissing and splashing sound. I stopped and listened to that flood which seemed to be endless. When she'd finished, I quickly went into the kitchen and realized that I had a real hard on.

What impressed me most was that she was a slim, small girl and I was wondering where she had stored that quantity of pee. Obviously, I had found a female counterpart of my school friend.

One day, when I had the flu (and it was getting so boring in bed), I could monitor her peeing habits more exactly 'cause my room was located near the toilet, just at the other side of the floor. She not only lived in our house but had also breakfast, lunch and dinner with us, so I was certain that she didn't leave our house. She was peeing only two times a day: once in the morning, once in the evening. But what impressed me most was that she never showed the slightest signs of being desperate.

One day after breakfast, I saw her to go downstairs to our shop, when she hesitated, slowly turned round and went to the loo to let a flood of pee. For me, it was unbelievable even to think of going to work with that much liquid in the bladder. I would have pissed myself long before breakfast. On the evening, she was used to first go upstairs to change clothes, sometimes she would have a longer chat with our house-maid in the staircase, and then she would go without hurry to our loo to let a torrent of pee which could embarrass a horse.

Since that time, the arousing contrast between being a petite girl and having a large bladder was imprinted into my brain.

The next woman I can remember was about a year later Inge. I've only a faint memory of her, all I can tell is that she was in her mid 20's and stayed with us about a year. I even can't remember having witnessed her to pee, but I can recall very well a chat we had about peeing.

I've forgotten who broached the subject, but we were talking about peeing habits and I can remember that she stated, with some pride, that she would only pee two times a day: once in the morning and once in the evening. She wouldn't pee first thing in the morning, she said, usually not before about 10 a.m.

My next memory of her is when I got a true impression of her holding in capabilities on a warm, sunny Sunday in the summer season. With my family I made a journey to a small island of the Lake of Constance and my dad had invited her to come with us. The island is famous for its floridity and we enjoyed the oceans of flowers we could see in the parks.

In the afternoon I heard her saying to my father "I should look for a bathroom. The next hour will be O.K., but then ...". I was puzzled. Normally, she would pee just before she went to bed. And did she have drunk more than usual on this journey? Then I realized what was going on.

We had departed in the early morning, at about 7:00 a.m., and she hadn't had her morning pee yet! It was about 4 p.m. and given 10 p.m. as her last pee time the evening before, she had held it in for about 18 hours! And obviously she wasn't too desperate when she said "... the next hour will be O.K., but then ...". Unbelievable for a small boy like me.

But the most memorable encounter I had was later with Beate, a young apprentice. She came from a small village and lived with us for a while before she got engaged and finally married. Beate was a typical rural girl, brunette, round face, not just fat but voluptuous, with large breasts and quite a bum. But what impressed me most was a very particular habit I've never seen before and never later.

I'm sure you've heard of those Japanese gadgets you can install in your bathroom to mask any noise you're making, particularly the hissing and splashing sound when you're peeing? They have pre-recorded or synthesized melodies which get played as long as somebody is occupying the bathroom. Obviously, peeing (and other noise-prone bathroom activities) are a real taboo in the Japanese society.

Surely, Beate wouldn't have seen at all the point of that kind of devices as she was so absolutely unconcerned about peeing. The first time I learned this was when one day I heard her to go into the kitchen of the upper floor and to fill a bucket with water, with a loud splashing sound. I've forgotten why but I was on the way to the upper floor, went upstairs and stopped abruptly when I realized my error: No, she wasn't in the kitchen and no, she didn't fill a bucket. She was sitting astride the bowl and pissing at full pressure, the door half open! Embarrassed and aroused at the same time, I turned round, tiptoed downstairs and waited for her to finish.

Not shutting the door was her regular habit. Of course, when someone was quite near the toilet she was using, she would shut the door, but not when for instance I was in the lower floor and she was in the upper. One evening for instance, she returned home from a restaurant where she'd met some friends and I encountered her in the staircase when she hurried upstairs and dashed into the loo. She was fully aware that I was hanging around in the lower floor but she got rid of all those beers she'd had in a long, loudly hissing and splashing piss, the door wide open.

As I stated before, I was in my pre-scientific age and I never did time her, so I can't give you exact figures. She didn't have the largest bladder, but I got fully compensated by the unfiltered lovely noise of her pee I could hear very often. She was a "jetter" type of girl and though it didn't last very long in many cases, the sound effect was always pretty good.

One event I can replay in my mind in every detail happened on a mild, calm summer night. My earliest scientific interest was (no, not what you're thinking now) in astronomy. My father owned a 4" mirror telescope which he'd placed in a corner of the upper floor. Normally, I would make my observations during the evening, but for this particular celestial study I'd planned I had to get up in the early morning, at about 4:00 a.m. My astro magazine told me that at this early time I could see the moon, planet Venus and planet Jupiter altogether.

After having overslept my alarm-clock for two times, the third trial was successful and I managed to wake up and to get out of my bed. Somewhat drowsy I went upstairs, put the telescope into position at a window near the upper toilet and started my observations. The air was very calm, the stars were barely flickering, and I could use higher magnifications. My first target was Jupiter and its Galilean moons and to my delight I could spot all four. Also the cloud stripes on Jupiter's surface and the Great Red Spot were clearly visible.

I was completely absorbed by this brilliant view when suddenly a creaking noise distracted me. I looked up from my ocular and heard Beate getting out of her bed. The door of her room opened, she came out but stopped abruptly when she found me sitting at my telescope in the moonlight. We looked at each other for a moment, without saying a word. She was wearing a long, white night-shirt which gave her the look of a ghost as a wall did cast a shadow upon her face.

"I'm watching planet Jupiter", I finally said to overcome the somewhat embarrassing situation. "Do you want to take a look? It's very interesting!" 

"O yeah", she replied and approached slowly. I explained her where to look in and she bent forward, put an eye at the ocular and after some initial difficulties she eventually could see that nice piece of celestial mechanics. I started to give her a short lecture on planetary astronomy but I was always looking into the wrong direction as I couldn't take my eyes off her body.

I had put back my chair a little to make room for her and this gave me a nice view at some more terrestrial orbs. Her shirt wasn't transparent but when she was bending forward I could see her large breasts wobbling. Gravitation not only was keeping Jupiter and its Galilean moons in its orbits, but also was pulling down her tits which made two exciting bulges into her shirt. What was preventing her to fall forward was her impressive ass she was protruding backwards, that is towards me, which perfectly counterbalanced her melons, thus gravitation had no chance. And my dicky was defying gravitation, too.

Many people believe in astrology, that is, in the mysterious effects the celestial bodies allegedly have upon us men. I'm skeptical of it as I'm thinking that the stars don't care at all about us. But at least there was one effect I experienced in that night: the moon illuminates romantic scenes and this was more than I, a testosterone soaked boy at the beginning of his puberty, could take.

But what gave me a real kick was when I clearly could see the reason why she came out of her room. She had put both hands onto her crotch and clenched them with a barely noticeable movement of her thighs. Obviously, she had to go bad. I had the strong desire to extend this unique encounter as long as possible and offered her to take a look at the moon, a better eye-catcher for beginners who have difficulties to see more than just a blurred spot while looking at faint objects like a planet.

But my attempt failed. "Wait a moment", she said and hurried the few steps to the loo to enter it. The on-the-same-floor rule applied and she shut the door. But this didn't help very much. It was an old house, the doors didn't seal very good, the night was quiet, now and then a remote traffic rumor. I heard the rustle of her shirt being lifted and then for a short moment the loudest noise was my heart hammering in my chest. Then she let it go unshamefully and totally mesmerized I was listening to her torrent of pee. As I said, I never did time her and I cannot tell how long she had been, maybe for half a minute. But for me it seemed to be for half an eternity.

When she'd finished, I hastily targeted the telescope at the moon with trembling hands. She came out as if nothing had happened and took a look at Mother Earth's companion. I tried to continue my lecture on astronomy but her torrent still echoed in my mind and I'm afraid this wasn't my best performance as a teacher.

"It's chilly", she said suddenly, crossed her arms before her chest squeezing in her melons, and went back into her room. Motionless I was sitting on my chair and staring at the telescope. Planet Venus was next on my list, but it paled in comparison to the titillating terrestrial Venus I'd seen (and heard) just a few seconds before.

The planets are orbiting so far away, and they don't care about us men. I didn't care about them either, put back the telescope into its corner, closed the window carefully, went downstairs into my bed, took my joy stick, switched my brain into its Virtual Reality Mode and made a long, long journey to that magic planet where the Golden Shower Angels are.

The End

