I have loved watersports, especially wetting myself, since I was about 13. It is good to come across a site with others! I saw a few stories there, and though I could tell you heaps, here is one that happened last month...
I decided to leave work early to do some shopping – my job allows for that kind of thing. Because it is important to what happened, I was in a full body suit, stockings, shortish shirt and blouse. I had drunk a bit at lunch (a going away party) and was a little tipsy too...
It was walking around one of the department stores that I realised I desperately needed to pee. I guess I had been holding it for a while, but now it was a need. I had also just drank a large coke to try and "pep me up," and that was no doubt reaching my bladder – it didn't help that my skirt was tight either...
I don't know why (alcohol?), but I decided to see how long I could hold it – I love doing this, and was already becoming turned on. I went downstairs and got another coke, and despite the growing pain, drank it as fast as I could.
I then headed down to the botanical gardens (about a 10 minute walk) and by the time I got there, was absolutely bursting. I decided this was enough, so went to the one set of toilets there – and they were closed for maintenance! Shit!
Knowing the only other toilets were back at the shops, I headed off at full speed to try and get there, and immediately a little spurt came out of my hole. I ran into an area I know is usually quiet, so maybe I could let a little out, but there were two girls talking there... They got up as I came in, so I hung around till they left...
Now here is the problem – I had a pair of stockings on (which came above the top of my skirt) and a full body suit with no clips at the bottom (bloody cheap Target stuff) – so I ended up just standing there and letting a whole lot come out. Damn it felt good!
While I was still peeing though, the two girls came back and just stood there and stared at me! I think they must have understood though, because they soon moved on (I still wonder what they thought, and whether they enjoyed it)... I had stopped myself now, and started off for the shopping center. My legs and crotch were completely soaked, and I was leaving drips all along the place.
When I finally got to the shopping center (it seemed hours), I ended up having to let some more go on a long escalator (it was kind of empty – and anyway, I was already soaked through) and finally made it to the toilet to finish off.
It was kind of embarrassing having people see me wet myself – but also a turn on. I had the best orgasm in the carpark in my car I have had in a long time... And then I still got to drive home completely soaked!
Katie P.