The woman in the pictures is Sweet Panty Girl.
When Joni felt her bladder starting to fill as she sat at her desk working the report due to her boss before the end of the day, she considered taking a bathroom break, but was on a roll– and she wasn't really needing to go badly enough to warrant getting up and leaving her work.
Lunch had really dried out her mouth and made her rather thirsty so she downed the rest of her half full bottle of water and rolled a meter on her chair to refill it from the cooler in the hall outside her cubical. She drank a few sips from the refilled bottle and continued working.
About an hour's work later Joni's bladder was very full and she decided to finish off her paragraph before getting up for a visit to the ladies. A gunshot sounded through the noisy building and everyone went silent. Then someone screamed.
Terrorists had invaded the building and shot a woman down the hall in the leg. They said that they'd done that to show their seriousness. Everyone was herded into the conference room, and the doors were locked with a terrorist on each side, and others around the room, all with guns.
Joni's bladder was filling rapidly and she was really bursting for a pee. Having no idea what the terrorists wanted, or how long they were going to be cooped up in the conference room. Joni could only hold on and hope that they let them go before she wet her pants.
The minutes went by like hours, as Joni struggled to hold on, she was luckily sitting down near one of the men and she quietly asked if she could please go to the bathroom. The man told her she could wait a while, and told her to go up to the front of the room and stand there with the guy obviously in charge.
Squeezing her legs tightly together to hold on better, Joni walked slowly up to the front. All of her work colleagues and her bosses were seated around the semi circle desk, and she was standing in front of the curve of the desk, trying to hold onto her pee as she was being watched. The guard she'd asked about using the bathroom came up with her and spoke to the man in charge, and he laughed and nodded.
The man announced that Joni needed a bathroom badly, and that bets would be taken on how long she would last. Nobody responded, so the terrorists bet among themselves. Joni shifted her weight from foot to foot trying to hold on, while an impending flood was just about to escape her tightly clenched muscles.
"I can't hold it any longer!" Joni blurted out desperately, now holding her pussy through her skirt, legs crossed in front of all the people she worked with, now not caring about what they thought, just trying not to wet herself. The man in charge came over, and started caressing her hair and face, and moved to her breasts, then to her very overfull bladder, and pressed into it, making Joni gasp and hold herself tighter, although knowing she wasn't going to last much longer. She started to cry.
What a situation, she was thinking. Here I am, in tears, holding myself through my skirt and crossing my legs like a little girl who can't hold her pee in front of the entire office. Suddenly she noticed the man had started touching her pussy through her skirt and panties as she was starting to lose control. He MUST have felt the wetness as the first spurt escaped her clenched muscles, then another and another until she was wetting.
She felt it running hotly down her legs, wetting her skirt and soaking straight through her panties. She felt it starting to run over her feet more as she peed harder down her legs. The man's hand cupped over her pussy caught a fair bit of her pee, but had overflowed as she lost complete control, and her pee was pouring down her legs, had soaked her shoes, and there was a rather large dark and still growing puddle on the light blue carpet, which turned dark blue with Joni's pee all over it.
Joni peed for what seemed like an eternity to her, and finally finished, and the man held his hand carefully, holding as much pee as he could in it, and tipped it up over her head, so her hair and face was drenched in her own piss.
That was the worst most humiliating experience in Joni's life.
Sweet Panty Girl next Sweet Panty Girl story