Hold the Line
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Gisela

Diana strolled through the Christmas fair searching the stand on which she wanted to meet her collegues again. They had decided to drink glogg together to relax a bit after work.

She had left the office before them to go to a cell phone shop to change her contract. But the shop had been crowded because of the people buying mobiles as a Christmas present and so she left to try again later. She didn't understand that. She would have been happy not to have a cell phone sometimes.

Now she had no new contact and didn't find her mates. After a while she found them already drinking the first cup. She joined them and they had a lot of fun with the warm chillling drink. Most of them drank three cups and also did Diane. She didn't fear her ability to sign a phone contract after three cups of glogg.

Sandra one of her collegues was the first one leaving. She told them she had to buy some things for dinner and also has to search a loo. She alwas talks about having to pee. Diane too felt a need to pee after a long day in the office and remebered the contract also. So she finished her cup and said goodbye to the others.

She walked back in the direction of the shop, looking around for some place to go pee but there was no bar or restaurant on her way. She also didn't look with big effort because her need was not very urgent. But she had to pee for two hours now and only hadn't used the toilet becuase it was a little urge and she liked that teasing feeling. That wasn't clever with the additional liquid she consumed at the fair.

She reached the shop and, as before, it was very busy. Inside, she searched for a toilet but failed to find one, so she joined the queue and waited.

Now standing she felt that it would have been better to search a restroom. The walking had supported her spinctor somehow but with the lost movement the urge to pee increased rapidly.

Her jeans were pressing into her bladder, so at first she put her hands into her pockets to pull up the jeans discretly. But it had not the effect she expected and she started to fumble around with her waistband to make herself more comfortable.

There were three customers in front of her and every one needed something special so it would clearly be some time before it was her turn. She calculated for herself and thought about leaving again but she decided to wait.

During her wait she tried the best to fight down the urge. She felt the alcohol now and alcohol makes her pee.

She started to move a bit and took a step left to look at the products than a step right to read the offers. Like this she covered her pee dance and managed to decrease the need a bit but she couldn't dance around the whole time and so she crossed her legs and tried to stand still. But within seconds the urge came back and she again had to move around a little.

She grabbed her waistband and pulled her jeans up to help her muscles and after a while she was back in control and tried to slow down her movement not to drew attention on her. The way she acted covered her pee related motion but she knew that it would become obvious if she didn't try to stop it.

So the minutes passed with Diane most of the time standing with legs crossed or pressed together interrupted from short intervalls of tapping her feet or step from one foot to the other.

But with the time passing by the time she was standing still became shorter.

She was a bit stressed now because her bladder was full and her lower abandom started to hurt a bit. She pressed both hands in her pockets to pull away the waistband and also to press her fingertips somehow between her legs. She raised her right leg a bit to give her more power to press into her crotch. But she couldn't stand like this more than a few seconds because everybody would notice that she was dying for the loo. And she really was dying for a toilet.

Diane again searched for a sign for the loo but as before the shop didn't have one but she couldn't believe.

Then it was her turn. She showed the store assistent her old contract and told him what she wanted to have changed. She rested her ellbows on the counter what looked a bit silly because it was to low for this. But she took every change to put some weight off her bladder. It didn't help much but she needed every possible help. She crossed her legs and put together all her strength to stand still while the guy looked on his monitor.

He turned back to her and she had to stand straight again, not easy for her now. She tried to press her peehole agianst the counter to hold back the pee but for this it was a bit to tall. So she squirmed a bit to press the edge against her.

He told her some things and asked a few questions. Diane managed to answer quickly because she was prepared and had checked out the options on the internet before. But after two long minutes of self-control she started to step from one foot ot the other. The guy looked up and Diane forced herself to stand still again. But she felt she wouldn't be able to hang on much longer.

She asked the assistent if it was possible to sit down somewhere because her feet would hurt from a long day. She did her welcome little pee dance what must have looked for the guy like a demonstration of her pain. And luckily he guided her to the nearby table and they sat down. Diana crossed her legs and lent a bit forward. Sitting was helpful but after few minutes she started to squirm around because the urge to pee was enormous.

But after all, her contract was finished and she signed it. The guy gave her the copy and told her a few things while Diane was nearly exploding. Now the end in sight the urge reached its peak. She was so desperate now that she put one hand under the table and grabbed her crotch pressing her legs together as hard as she could.

She coudn't follow what the guy said but she didn't care anymore. Then they were ready and Diane thought a short moment but knew she couldn't hold it much longer so she asked him as relaxed as possible if they would have a loo. He replied that there was a loo but only for workers. Diane said that this was okay and stood up. She couldn't stand up fast because her bladder hurt bad now and the guy looked a bit strange.

But Diane managed to stand nearly straight and walked out of the shop. Outside she looked in all directions where the nearest loo would be and again had to grab her crotch for a moment to keep control. She was about to pee any second and she knew she had no time to search. She put both hands in her pockets and pressed hard between her legs. This caused that she was bend over a bit. There was no chance. She turned and went back into the shop where the guy was talking to the next customer. She interrupted them and asked him if she might use the loo. From the way she was stepping from foot to foot, both hands deep in her pockets and slightly bend over the guy noticed she was in truble and leaded her to the back of the shop.

They entered a hallway and Diane again had to stop a moment to prevent her from wetting herself. It was humilating but she couldn't regain her composure again. The guy looked in sympathy and Diane tried to walk on with small careful steps. She had leaked a bit and she knew that she could loose conrol any second. They reached a corridor and he showed her the toilet. Diane rushed in and pulled down her trousers as fast as possible and the pee gushed out while she was sitting down. She knew it had been a close thing.

