Hi. This is my true story and my name is Jennifer. 
I was looking through one of my old diaries (from when I was 18) and here's one that I found near the beginning pages, it was on one of my April school days. 
The day started out as usual, I woke up at about 8:30 and as part of my schedule I got out of bed needing to pee. But this morning my sister had swiped the out fit I had left in the hamper on the end of my bed and ran right to the downstairs bathroom. Since my sister was too lazy and she often left her side of the dresser completely messed up and I hadn't thrown my load of laundry in yet, I had been forced to rummage through her side of the dresser. She didn't organize things so sometimes her panties in my drawer or she would just mix her dirty panties with her clean ones. So I spent about half an hour searching for panties and a bra and I found a matching skirt and tank top. My sister was a year younger than me and she was a short and thin girl for her age, I however was normal height and thin. So, when I slipped into her panties and bra, I had adjusted the bra but the panties had almost a bind to my pussy, I then sat on the bed and checked the panties to see if they were clean and they were the ones she had worn two days ago. I looked at the clock and noticed it was 9:15 I felt the panties to make sure they weren't too dirty and jumped into the skirt and tank top and ran down the stairs. 
My sister was busy eating her cereal bar as I ran to grab my usual bottle of water from the fridge (stupid thing to do) and headed out the door forgetting all about the tight and dirty panties and my need to pee. I caught the bus just on time and sat beside my friend Cindy. Cindy was my best friend and I knew that I could tell her anything so I whispered to her my situation. She giggled a bit and told me silently that I could just go when we get to school, but I told her that there was no way I could get to a stall before the bell. So she suggested that we go behind the shed near the freshman's door. I told her that just so long as nobody saw I would do it. 
When we got to the bus stop near the school we walked at a fast pace across the field to the freshman's door, we snuck around the outside staircase to the Senior's floor and went around the corner to the shed. It was an old rusty shed that so many people had broken into it that it had become useless and just stored empty and half full bags of fertilizer and broken T–ball stands. So, Cindy and I ducked low and peeped around the back of the shed and saw another, blonde freshman privately masturbating. We decided not to disturb her since she looked like she was a cheerleader (which were very popular and were like royalty) so, we snuck back to the front of the shed and Cindy suggested that maybe I go inside. 
We very quietly opened the surprisingly not squeaky rusty door and tiptoed in. There wasn't much time before the bell so, I went behind a huge pile of broken boxes and stepped over an old pair of pink cheerleader panties and uniforms. I found the corner at the back of the shed and heard the girl on the other side still making light groans and sighs, I quickly tugged at the tight panties but they didn't move. So I whispered to Cindy and she tried to help by putting her hands down the sides to help loosen them and I stuck my hands down against my butt and crotch. We stood there pushing until they came free and I pulled the crotch over and squatted over an old smelly pile of dirt. I waited for the familiar warm feeling of pee to come streaming from my pussy, but nothing happened, so I told Cindy to go see if anybody was coming, and resumed trying to pee. I heard the girl on the other side stop masturbating and she put her hand through one of the rusted through holes in the shed wall and reached for a strange looking stick beside my foot, which she must have placed there earlier. I froze as her hand moved up–ward and under my legs then it hit my panties and started to feel them. I waited patiently for her to stop as she suddenly put her other hand in and felt my pussy as she searched for the stick, I reached my hand over and put the stick on my panties so she would find it, but no luck. Then the warning bell went telling us we had 10 minutes before class, so she pulled out her hands and as she did I peeked through the hole as she straightened her skirt and ran off. Cindy rushed back and said that one of the teachers was heading to the shed, so I pulled my panties up, with the strange stick still in them, and ran with Cindy towards the freshman's door. 
I was now even more frustrated, since my panties were jammed to my crotch again and I had a weird stick in them, on top of needing to pee. So I tried to concentrate on first period and ran to my locker. After a while I forgot all about the stick, and the panties and my urge to pee had slightly gone down since I was sitting down. Cindy, being my best friend and lab partner tried to comfort me by getting all the books for us and doing the physical work. I shifted and suddenly my panties started to vibrate. It felt very nice, but it was strange I peeked at my skirt and checked panties, the stick made it look like I had dick, which is not something I should have sticking out of my panties, and it was vibrating grabbed the stick and it stopped vibrating. I jerked it and pulled it out of my panties, it was bubble gum pink and when I stuck it in Cindy's binder so she could tell me what it was she slammed it shut and shot an angry look at me. This was the first time I had ever even heard of a vibrator, surprisingly, and she told me to put it in my pencil case. But now that nothing was making my pussy num I started to feel the ache of needing to pee. 
I had made it through the first period and ran to the washroom as Cindy followed. We got to the stalls and I ran in and started frantically pulling at my panties. I told Cindy to come into the stall and I opened the door for her and we tried pulling together and she told me I could just pee in these and we could go back to the shed and get me the pair of old cheerleader panties in the shed. She said she had thrown then behind a barrel and they were clean but they were very thick cotton. I told her that I would never use a pair of panties in an old shed but just as I did I felt a warm stream of pee building in the panties and since they were on so tight I told Cindy to step back. A stream of pee started shooting out of both sides of her panties. There was a small puddle in front of the toilet. Cindy and I ran out of the school to the shed and quickly slipped in and we heard something coming from the back, we peeked and the masturbating cheerleader was inside checking for the vibrator. I moved behind a stack of old newspapers and rolled the vibrator across the floor and she picked it up, not noticing us. She went over and sat on an aged piece of oak desk and pulled over the crotch of her panties. She jammed the vibrator as far up her pussy as it would go and she put her hand over her mouth as she turned it to max and started making muffled screaming then pleasure sounds. I reached and grabbed the panties and pulled them up to my knees, and I heard the cheerleader start to turn the vibrator down and she started to piss all over the desk, but just barely missing her panties and skirt. 
Finally the cheerleader stopped peeing and then Cindy poked me and I looked up and there, was half of my science class standing behind me and Cindy had hidden herself. And so did the cheerleader so I was sitting there over a giant puddle of piss with a vibrator in the middle of the floor. 
So in the end I found out my science class was picking up bags of the dirt for soil tests and my social reputation was wrecked for about 2 months and I my friend Cindy always made me go to the bathroom before school after that.
Jennifer