Big Bladder Girl

Posted by ShowCrystal90 on June 30th, 2011 at 3:52PM

Once upon a time there was a cute girl and she had a very big bladder. She also had two older sisters with big bladders , but neigther of their bladders was as big or as strong as hers. The youngest of the 3 sisters was 28 and the older sisters were both 32 years old. They were both secretly very jealous of their younger sisters pee holding abilitys. The town that they lived in threw a pee holding party every month and all of the pee fetish girls were sent invatations to this party. The girls would sometimes be told to arrive with a full bladder and sometimes with an empty bladder.

Then at some point durring the party all of the girls would pee into seperate containers to measure their volume. If they were told to arrive with a full bladder the measuring would be 2 to 4 hours into the party and if the girls were asked to arrive with an empty bladder the measureing would be 24 to 32 hours into the party. The total length of these parties was always 48 hours. The girls are all required to drink a minamum of 200ml per hour at these parties.

Some of the better holders like to show off by drinking extra and big bladder girl is one of the best. She is famous for doing a 1.5 liter chug at the half way mark as the other girls look at her in amazement. All of the guys and girls in town admire her except for her jealous sisters who rarly even make third place in these pee holding party compatitions. They hate living in the shadows and try so hard to strech/strengthen their bladders, but month after month they cant even come close to their younger sisters amazeing bladder capcity. So their jealousness twards her grows and one day they come up with a plan to completly embarress her. At the begining of he month the pee party invatations arrive in the mail.

They say, All pee fetish girls of the town are invited to our monthly pee party and you are one of them. We want you to arrive at 8 pm with an empty bladder, Thank you

Every pee fetish girl in town got this exact same invatation, but big bladder girls sisters came up with an evil plan. They got to the mail before their sister, opened her invatation, changed one word, and resealed the envolope. All they did was erace the word empty and and write full in its place. One word that made a world of difference. This wouldnt be such a problem if she could just tell someone at the party that she arrived with a full bladder, but all the girls were forbidden to speak until after the measuring. If any girl was to break this rule they would not recive another invatation for about 6 months.

Also all invatations get thrown into the paper shreder by the doorman upon arival. He dosent have to open the invatations because there is a special stamp on the outside that every envolope is stamped with. This makes his job eaiser, but unfortanatly destroys the only evedence of her two sisters sabotoge operation. So poor big bladder girl is going to be traped with a very full bladder for alot longer than she expects. To be continuedVote up! 2

