A Nice Wedding Gift

Posted by coolniceguy on June 23rd, 2011 at 10:44AM

This story begins when I took a trip to India. While there I met a woman named Anila and we quickly fell in love. Soon I asked her to marry me and she accepted gladly (“I love you more than anything Michael! I would do anything for you!”). The wedding ceremony was held in India and had many customs I was unfamiliar with. Little did I know that there were other customs that Anila followed that I was unfamiliar with too. 

The following morning I arranged to have my private jet pick us up to take us back to the States. As an extremely wealthy businessman, I enjoyed the perks of four hour flights from the US to Asia in this supersonic bird. At 7 am I saw Anila go with her mother and some other women behind a nearby rock formation. She returned a few minutes later, drinking heavily from a large gourd filled with a foul-smelling red-orange liquid. The plane arrived shortly after and we bid her relatives goodbye and set out to begin our lives as a couple.

The first thing I did was ask her about the rock ceremony. After a little prodding Anila told me that it was to cleanse her and leave her dry and empty for her husband. I failed to totally understand her, but didn’t press the subject. Food and drinks were served on the flight and we each partook liberally. We landed in New York shortly before noon and walked through the airport to reach my limo. Anila saw a sign with a stick figure of a woman on it and asked me what it was, for they did not have that in her village. I told her it was a women’s bathroom, and asked her if she would like to relieve herself after the flight. I was reminded of my own need to do the same and left for the men’s room. 

When I returned she was standing in the same place, and she had a peculiar, thinking look on her face. “So…women go in there to get rid of the yellow liquid?” Anila inquired. “Yes, exactly,” I replied. Just then a young woman walked in to the restroom, looking none too distressed. Anila saw her. “Wait, but she clearly didn’t need relief that badly! What is going on??” I was confused, and told her that the woman probably didn’t want to wait until she had to go badly. Anila was in shock. “In my country, it is part of a woman’s honor to keep the liquid within herself for as long as she can bear it. I cannot believe this lack of regard in your country, but I cannot conform to it. I most certainly do not need to go in there yet.” 

My jaw dropped a bit at this revelation. Then I began to understand and asked if this was what the rock ceremony was about. “Why yes,” Anila said, “it was the last relief given to all women before they go out into the world with their mate, and by our law, should be the last relief for some time. I need to show you how honorable I am, and in my part of India, we do that by refraining from such release for long periods of time, even after drinking the guava juice.”

“So that’s what that red liquid was?” I asked her. “Indeed,” she responded, “it increases the urge to let loose, but the women of my culture are well-trained to resist its effects. I will prove to you just how good of a wife you have picked, do not fear! I will not let go of any of the horrible yellow liquid for ages.” Remembering the large size of the gourd, in addition to the water and ginger ale she consumed on the flight, I asked how much pressure she felt already. “There is some, but it does not bother me. We have barely started Michael! This type of ceremonial gesture takes time.”

Without further ado we found our limo and were at my mansion soon after. Anila complained of being thirsty in the dry New York air, so I fetched her a bottle of Coke from the fridge. She had never had a carbonated beverage before and loved the tingle in her throat. I wasn’t sure if she was aware that it was also a bladder irritant, but she seemed so sure of her decision to hold her pee that I didn’t bother telling her. 

The hours passed with much talking and laughing between us, and I continued to realize that I was with the girl of my dreams. Anila sat calmly and showed no signs of not having been to the bathroom for over 9 hours. I loved her seemingly perfect control. We caressed each other a little, and I felt that her abdomen was full and hard. Her bladder must be causing her great distress, I reasoned, but Anila wasn’t reacting to it at all. As my hand stayed on her abdomen Anila began to realize what I was thinking. “You think that I have reached my capacity, don’t you? That I cannot keep back my flow any longer? Michael, dear boy, you will have to learn how much better I am than this. Now come, let us have some dinner.”

My chef made a lovely meal for us, and we were both quite full when it was over. Anila, I thought, in more ways than one. She’d needed two large glasses of water due to the spices. Anila noticed me looking at her empty glass and smiled. “I think I need some wine, how about you?” she said seductively, going and fetching a bottle of Dom Perrier. I motioned that I was fine, thank you, causing her to smile wider. “Well, Michael, I guess that means I’ll just have to drink all of this bottle of wine by my lonesome. And you know where it will be going.” She pointed to her lower stomach with pride and began to drink.

By 8 that night Anila had finished the wine and was beginning to show subtle signs of needing the loo. After 13 hours without, and with all she’d drank, this was no surprise to me. On the contrary, I was amazed that she’d been able to conceal the urge for this long. She kept her legs close together and fidgeted some, but said nothing. We cuddled for hours and her fidgeting grew more pronounced, but Anila would not seek relief. By 11:30 I decided to call it a night, and Anila followed me up to bed. She did not go and use the toilet first, even though I did, and she had not been to the bathroom for 16 ? hours! I was truly impressed and loved my wife for being so strong, and we soon fell asleep together, her even with such a bursting bladder.

I was awoken the next morning by the sound of constant female moaning. I looked up from my bed and saw Anila clutching desperately at her crotch and pacing the room. I checked the clock- 5:30 am. She must have woken up in a desperate panic! And why not, as it had been 22 ? hours since her bladder’s last emptying. 

When Anila saw that I was looking at her struggle, she tried to compose herself, resorting to lifting each leg alternately in place while talking to me. “Don’t worry, Michael, I will be fine, I can still hold it, this is for you and I will hold it longer!” She seemed frantic to please me. I knew it was futile to fight it, so I let her. Plus her desire for control was turning me on to no end. “I’m going to go down and get breakfast prepared, be down in fifteen minutes dressed,” I told her. She nodded and started for the dresser with mincing steps. 

I made it downstairs and sat at the table while my chef made breakfast. I knew there was no way Anila would lose it while I was not present, so I waited patiently. Fifteen minutes later I was not disappointed when she hobbled into the room, both hands rammed into her pussy. She sat down and tried to act normally and talk about the food and the day, but it was hopeless, my Anila was too desperate for the bathroom. She stopped eating with half her meal still on the plate and paced back and forth at a near run, her hands never once leaving her crotch.

“Anila, surely this isn’t you limit? I thought you said you were going to hold it all for me for a wedding gift. You wouldn’t give up on me so soon, would you?” I guilted her. She looked at me with shocked eyes, “Surely not Michael! Do not worry! I will hold all of this for you and for longer!” With a brave effort, she uncrossed her legs, put her hands at her sides, and returned to the table to finish breakfast. I was most impressed with her newfound control, and after breakfast was done I could not resist pushing more on her bladder.

Anila accepted the additional pressure without complaint, though her face was screwed up in concentration to resist fidgeting in some way. We continued like this throughout the day. I would see Anila doing something to hold it better and forbid her to do it for the time being, and she would wince and follow my orders. As the day progressed I could see her pleading to me with her eyes and body language. Though she said nothing of her predicament I knew she was in dire straits. Did I mention I kept giving her drinks to make sure she wasn’t thirsty?

By evening it was almost impossible for Anila to remove a hand from her crotch, though she did so shakingly when I asked. Her bladder was clearly busting at the seams. At 8 pm I revealed my brilliant plan. I told her to put on a dress and grab a jacket, because we were going out to a club to drink and dance. Anila’s 37 hour bladder shivered and nearly spurted when I informed her of this. Nevertheless, she did as I asked and we were off. 

Two hours and three beers later, Anila’s bladder was at its limit. She was crossing her legs as hard as she could with both hands jammed in her crotch as we sat at a table. All talking had ceased. All that mattered to her was her overly full bladder and the relief it needed. “Michael….” She began after a long pause. “Michael….I must….I mean I really need to…”

“Dance?” I asked her. “Good, because I would like to as well.” And with that I dragged her out to the dance floor, Anila at a total loss for words. 

I tried to dance with her, but Anila’s only concern was the state of her bladder. Thus I began to dance in rhythm with her acute pee dance. It was getting faster and faster as her bladder tried to push out its pent up load of now over 39 hours. We danced like this for fifteen minutes, Anila telling me multiple times that she could hold it no longer. I kept assuring her that she could. Finally she stopped dancing, legs bent and crossed doubly, hands pressed deep and hard into her crotch, sinking nearly to the dance floor. She squeaked up to me that this time she really couldn’t hold it, and for once I believed her. No sooner did this register in my mind than Anila began to unceremoniously wet herself on the dance floor. Her stream lasted for minutes, and her dress was sopping by the end of it. She stood up, and I looked her in the eyes and kissed her hard. I assured her that I was proud of her, and couldn’t wait for her to repeat the performance. Anila looked back at me and smiled.

