Title: Jodie At Exam Time

By: Magnus

Jodie lived quite a way from the University, and normally left home at 6:30 in the morning to be there by nine, after catching various buses and trains. On this day there was an important examination, so she left half an hour earlier than usual.

It had been a hot night, and she started the day with a cold shower. She liked peeing in the shower, standing in a half-crouch, feeling her warm fluid running down her legs, and she did not deny herself that pleasure on this day. However, she resolved not to pee again until after the exam, remembering how once she needed to go during an exam but couldn't, yet the urgency made her focus her mind so well that she ended up with a top mark in that exam.

She did not need to spend much time choosing her clothes. A bra and tee shirt, panties and mini-skirt and sandals were all that were needed on a day like this.

She had her usual breakfast of a glass of water and cereal with the regulation 200 ml of skim milk, washed down with a large mug of coffee, and she was off to catch the bus to the station.

At the station it was already hot, although the sun was scarcely up, and she bought a can of diet coke to sip on the train. To her
annoyance, the train was not one of the new air conditioned ones, and by the time it reached the city she was thirsty enough to buy a liter carton of orange juice, which she thought would last her until the exam started.

She met her friend Kim on the bus to the Uni, and what with talking about exams and social activities she forgot about making the drink last and found herself slurping air through the straw long before they arrived. They were well ahead of schedule and had enough time for a cup of coffee in the University Union. Because it was a hot day, Jodie knew they would allow plastic water bottles into the examination room, so she prepared herself with a large bottle of mineral water.

On the way to the exam room she started making a detour for the toilet when she remembered her pledge. The exam was a long one, three hours, but she was sure she could hold it, even though there were already twinges in her bladder.

The exam started and she forgot about the twinges as she read the questions, deciding which alternatives to choose and what order to do them in. She did the topics she was sure of first, and was pleased to note that after an hour she'd finished more than half the paper. She took a moment to stretch when she noticed that she'd drunk most of the water. As soon as she had the thought she became aware of the pressure in her bladder.

Two hours to go...she could make it, provided she concentrated hard on her work. With a big effort she put the peeing pangs aside and got back to work, thinking she shouldn't drink any more of the water.

To her surprise, when she put down her pen with just a few minutes to go the water bottle was empty, and again the need to pee returned as soon as she thought about it. Her abdomen felt distended, and when she patted her tummy it seemed quite tight. She would have to go soon...but it would be a shame to waste such a big pee down the toilet bowl. There was a little grove of trees behind the tennis courts. She would go there and let it go crouching over the ground as nature intended, perhaps letting some of it splash onto her legs.

The prospect excited her and she hurried out, only to be stopped by Kim coming out of the toilet.

"Gosh, that feels better," said Kim. "I thought I'd bust in the exam. Come on, let's grab a cup of coffee."

Before she knew it, Kim was whisking her along to the union coffee shop. Jodie thought she felt a little trickle in her crutch, but
maybe it was JUST perspiration. The more she thought about it, the more she resolved not to use the toilet, but she had no excuse for leaving Kim.

"Gee, you look worried," said Kim as Jodie forced herself to sip the coffee. "Are you up-tight about the exam?"

"No, no," said Jodie. "It's just the heat getting to me." She gulped the coffee, thinking that soon she would have to end what was becoming an uncomfortable agony. There - she was sure there was a little spurt. She needed to get to that grove of trees quickly.

As they left the coffee shop she Jodie was horrified to see Dr Sanders grinning at her. Damn, she'd forgotten she had an appointment with him at 12:45. She looked at her watch: 12:42, just enough time to get to his office. It was an important interview. He was considering her as his research assistant over the summer vacation, and though she didn't like him very much, his work was interesting and she wanted the job.

"Hello, Jodie, Kim," he said. "Glad to see you're still here, Jodie. Wouldn't want to keep you waiting."

She walked with Dr Sanders to his office. Of course she could excuse herself for a few minuets and duck into a toilet. She felt another spurt at the thought of peeing, and her panties were quite damp, but she resolved to hang on for another half an hour.

They made idle chatter along the way, and Jodie found she could no longer put the urge to the back of her mind. This was stupid, she told herself. You'll screw up the interview and miss out on the job.

In his office, they sat on low easy chairs, facing each other. Her skirt rode up to her thighs and she was aware ofd his eyes on her legs, but that was okay, he was a youngish man and while she knew he wouldn't try anything she was vain enough to like the attention. She kept her knees tightly together, more out of the need to control her bladder than out of prudence.

Almost as soon as he'd sat down Dr Sanders stood up and went to his little refrigerator. "I'm going to have a beer," he said. "Would you like one, or a soft drink?"

Jodie did not know what impelled her, but she found herself accepting a can of beer. How on earth could she drink it and hold on any longer?

The beer, however, was nice, and quickly went down her throat. Hopefully, Dr Sanders liked research assistants who liked their beer.

He began to talk about the job. Jodie could not concentrate. There was no choice - soon she would have to excuse herself.

Dr Sanders stopped talking and looked at her oddly. "You are very fidgety today, Jodie," he said. "Was it the exam? You remind me of my little daughter, when she wants to - oh, never mind,"

Suddenly Jodie had no choice. She must have had about three and a half liters of fluid during the morning, and now it was all pressing for release. There was no way she could stop it, no time to go to the toilet.

"I'm sorry, Dr Sanders," she said, blushing. She sat on the edge of the chair, let her knees go apart and relaxed.

Oh, the relief! The pleasure of feeling her bladder relax, feeling her urine flow through her panties and hearing it trickle onto the floor was almost sexual in its intensity.

Dr Sanders looked, his eyes bulging, at the solid stream which flowed from between her legs and onto the floor. Then his look of surprise turned into a broad smile.

She must have peed for a full minute. At the end there was a huge pool on the floor, at least a meter in diameter and a couple of centimeters deep. The floor must have been uneven, for the pool did not spread.

She sat back, not caring that she'd not only lost the job, she would probably be expelled from the University. It had been so nice, all the more so because she had an audience.

Dr Sanders remained silent, but still had the grin on his face.

"I'm sorry," she repeated. "I couldn't help it. I'll go and get a mop and clean it up."

"Well, I suppose you'd better," said Dr Sanders. "Its just as well the University can't afford carpet in our offices." He chuckled.

Jodie stood up, enjoying the wetness of her panties but wondering what would happen to her.

She wanted to say something, to resolve the matter. "I suppose there's no job for me now," she said , half to herself.

"Nonsense!" cried Dr Sanders. "The job's yours! You know I always encourage people to express themselves freely, and that's what you've done, my girl! There can be no better example of freedom of expression than a good public piss!"

