Paula's Peril

by  David North

She'd had enough. She wasn't going to tolerate Caitlin's attitude at work any longer. The woman had humiliated her in front of the rest of the office staff that afternoon, and it was going to stop. She would call Caitlin and have it out with her as soon as she'd had a pee, then she could unwind and enjoy the weekend instead of simmering with suppressed rage.

She paced around the elevator as it climbed towards the ninth floor. She badly needed to to get into her bathroom and tear down her pants before she pissed herself; she'd already made her panties damp on the drive home from work as it was, and she knew she couldn't last much longer. She hated needing to pee this badly.

As soon as the elevator doors slid apart, Paula exited, almost at a run, then marched briskly along the corridor to the door of Apartment 904. She fumbled the key into the lock, dancing on the spot as she tried unsuccessfully to turn it. Realizing that she was using the wrong key, Paula withdrew it and fumbled for the right one. Paula involuntarily raised her right leg, just for an instant.

When her second choice of key turned in the lock, she practically fell into the apartment. She dropped her bag and made a dash for the bathroom. As she hurried inside, her hand already reaching for the button of her pants, Paula started and almost pissed herself at the sight of Caitlin, still in her work clothes, sitting on top of the closed toilet seat.

"What the hell?"

"Hello Paula," Caitlin greeted her nonchalantly. "You look like you're in a bit of a hurry," she added, looking Paula up and down. "I'll bet the surprise of finding me in your bathroom made you start to piss yourself? Am I right?"

"How the hell did you get in here?"

Caitlin merely smiled, her gaze skipping past Paula to a point over her left shoulder. Paula started to turn, but hands grabbed hold of her arms and held her firmly in place. For an alarming second, Paula lost control of her bladder muscles again and squirted more urine into her panties. She could see that the person behind her was a man wearing a baseball cap.

"What the fuck is going on?" she demanded, her voice growing shrill as her panic escalated.

"That's no way for the head of the department to speak to an employee, now is it?" Caitlin taunted.

"What do you want? How dare you break into my home!"

"Oh, shut-up, Paula," Caitlin said wearily. "I'm tired of listening to your demands; your orders; your pissy little tantrums when things aren't going your way."

"Look, if you had a grievance at work, then you should have--"

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Caitlin cut in. "And you've have done what you alwaus do. Nothing. That's why I gave you a hard time this afternoon. A taste of your own medicine just before I quit."

"Q-quit?"

"That's right. But before we part company forgood, I want to see you humiliated a bit more." Caitlin glanced at the man in the baseball cap. "Let's do it."

"What are you going to do?" Paula asked, trying to sound querulous, but sounding frightened instead.

"Oh dear. I do believe the boss's sang-froid has finally slipped a little."

Caitlin's breath caught in her throat as the man pulled her arms behind her back and started winding what felt like rope around her wrists. "Let go of me!" she snapped, trying to bluster it out. "You two are in trouble. Huge trouble. I'm calling the cops as soon as I get out of here."

"Get out of here?" Caitlin mocked. "What makes you think you're going anywhere, Paula? You're going to be here for a long time, because we're going to keep coming back and checking on you. Now isn't that considerate, especially since you've always treated me like shit."

"Caitlin, please, listen to me," Paula started to plead, but Caitlin merely produced a strip of white tape from behind her back and pressed it over her ex-boss'smouth. She then leaned her face close to Paula's as she pressed the tape firmly into place. "There! That's better."

Paula felt the rope around her wrists behind pulled tight and secured in place. Caitlin gripped her shoulders to keep her in place as the man stooped down and began binding rope around Paula's ankles. Paula tried to move her feet, to keep her legs apart so that they could not be tied, but the man was strong and quickly suppressed her struggles. Paula swallowed hard: her bladder was close to exploding, and she badly needed to cross her legs at the very least, but now she would not able to do so.

When Paula's ankles were securely bound, Caitlin exited the bathroom, saying to her companion as she went "Bring her."

The man lifted Paula into his arms and followed Caitlin through the apartment. She realized with horror that Caitlin was leading the way into the bedroom. What the hell were these two going to do to her?

Together, they lowered Paula onto the bed, Caitlin lifting Paula's feet and forcing her ex-boss into a horizontal position. The man then began checking the knots, first on the length of rope binding Paula's wrists, then the one securing her ankles. While this was going on, Caitlin moved around to the opposite side of the bed, leaned towards Paula and began stroking her hair.

"There, more comfortable now?" she asked. "Well, apart from your poor bladder. You really were in such a hurry when you came in. Oh yes, I bet it's really, really full, isn't it?"

Paula whimpered through her gag, fighting the urge to struggle and betray how chronically desperate to pee she really was. All she wanted now was for these two to leave her alone so that she could piss herself in private. Her muscles were literally quivering inside her with the effort of combaiting such a massive wall of pressure. She could only last another minute, two at best, but neither Caitlin nor her companion seemed in any hurry to depart.

Quite the contrary: they started holding a discussion over her head as to whether or not they should leave Paula in her own apartment, or take her somewhere else in the trunk of Caitlin's car. "I would prefer her humiliation to be public, Jim," Caitlin was saying. "Believe me, there's no one who deserves it more."

"We can't risk it, Cate," the man in the baseball cap replied. "It's better to keep her here and come back from time to time to check on her. Much safer."

Caitlin sighed. "I suppose you're right. It just doesn't feel like it's enough of a payback for all she's put me through over the last year, that's all."

"Look, in a few weeks, we'll be starting a new life, and she won't be part of it. A month from now, she'll be a distant memory. Nothing."

"Okay, okay. Come on then, before I change my mind."

Caitlin leaned forward again and gave Paula a complacent smile. She made a small waving gesture with her hand as she said, "Happy Pissday, boss."

The man in the baseball cap went round to the foot of the bed and took a turn at stroking Paula's head. "Enjoy your weekend, bitch," he said. "Try not to piss yourself, because you're going to be laying in it a long time if you do, and I ain't changing you." He grinned then glanced up at Caitlin. "You know what...let's leave her hog-tied. I've got a bit more rope."

"Sure," Caitlin agreed enthusiastically. "String the bitch up and really make her suffer. No one could be more deserving."

Paula moaned through her gag as the man in the baseball cap set about using the third length of rope to join the lengths tied around Paula's wrists and ankles, forcing Paula to bend her legs as he tightened the binding. "Perfect," he said, standing for a moment to admire his handiwork. "She's not going anywhere."

"Good," Caitlin said. "Let's get out of here and do something more interesting."

As the two of them departed from the bedroom, Caitlin fired her parting shot. "I'll be thinking of you all evening. You can't imagine how much pleasure that's going to give me. And we'll drop by tomorrow to see how you're doing, so don't worry, you won't have to spend the entire weekend alone."

They closed the bedroom door behind them as they went. Paula tried to call after them, but the tape heavily muted her speech. She quickly stopped protesting and turned all her attention to her bladder, now fit to burst. She began struggling with the rope holding her wrists, but it quickly became apparent that she could not reach the knot. Instead, she tried to reach the knot in the rope keeping her hog-tied. She could just brush her fingertips against it, but she couldn't reach it properly to try working it loose.

Paula moaned, her bladder now so swollen that her waistband was cutting into her waist like a knife. She longed to be able to undo her pants, to tug down her panties and release the ocean of pee inside her. Just the very thought sharpened her desire. She could feel her control slipping. More pee was leaking into her panties, coming faster and faster. Her muscles couldn't cope any longer.

Paula made one last, frantic attack on the ropes holding her, but she couldn't feel any give at all in her bounds. It was no use: she couldn't free herself, and she couldn't hold back her pee any longer.

She felt warm wetness spreading between her thighs, streaming through her panties now and soaking in the legs of her pants. The force increased as her muscles surrendered completely, and now she could feel pee traveling down as far as her knees in a warm tide.

She couldn't do anything to stem the flow. Her muscles were completely exhausted from the strain of waiting so long. Pee just kept flowing and flowing until her panties and pants were soaked. At least that was over; now she could devote all her concentration to getting free, because if she couldn't, Caitlin and her friend would return and start her torture all over again.

