Title: All Up In The Air 

By: Toni

Heaven only knew how she had got herself into this situation. She had been a law-abiding, model citizen until Alex had come into her life. Then somehow, she had found herself mixed up in things that she couldn't even begin to imagine.

Cat was 25, hair the colour of marmalade and piercing blue eyes. She wrapped her arms tighter around the steel girder she was clinging to, and glanced down at the people scurrying around beneath her. Her vision swam, blurring into first double, and then triple, before she screwed her eyes shut and shook her head to clear it.

"How the hell did they find us?" she whispered forcefully. Alex gazed across at her and shrugged, his green eyes resting on her for a moment, before dropping back to the bustle of activity beneath them. He raised a finger to his lips to silence her, tilting his head to listen to the discussion that was being conducted underneath them.

"They have to be here somewhere!" The man was trying to keep his voice low, but his barely concealed frustration was evident in his whole posture. The woman rested a hand on his arm.

"If they are, they're pretty well hidden." Cat smirked ironically. If they only looked up...

"The only thing we can do is stake this place out and wait for them to either return or come out of wherever it is they've hidden themselves." the woman continued. "They aren't going to run without that." She gestured vaguely over her shoulder to the small box balanced on a crate. Cat was beginning to wish they would step away, because her backside was starting to go numb on the hard edges of the roof girder, and she desperately wanted to shift just an inch one way or the other. Granting her wish, they strode towards a knot of people and the man started to animatedly gesticulate as they discussed some point.

After a moment, Alex cursed softly under his breath, and Cat followed his gaze. She could just see the warehouse doors from her vantage point, and saw that everyone was leaving, except the two who had been talking below them; they were preparing to settle in for the duration. They were sitting at the table that they had been at when they had scrambled at the sound of tyres on the gravel outside the heavy steel doors, which were now being dragged closed with a squeal. It looked like they were stuck there...

###

It was almost dark, with barely a hint of the setting sun to light the dusty space around them. They had been up in the rafters for 3 hours now, and Cat's arms were getting weak. She was cold, hungry and starting to feel some persistent niggles in her bladder. She'd felt the first twinge an hour ago or so, but had pushed the sensation away. Now it was returning, and she could not ignore it so easily. She glanced across at Alex. He was apparently unconcerned, leaning back against an upright girder, not even bothering to hold on. His long legs, covered in pale blue denim, were bent in front of him, his elbows resting on his knees.

"Alex, we've got to get out of here." she whispered. He looked at her.

"Any bright ideas?" he asked with a touch of sarcasm. She looked away and bit her lip, shifting slightly as her desperation cranked up another notch.

"We can't get down from here without being seen, and I'm not going to give myself away." he explained. "I know you're cold, and if you're like me, you're hungry and damned uncomfortable. But we just have to hold on for a bit."

She half-smiled at his apt use of words and shook her head slightly. She was well aware from the increasing pressure inside of her that if she didn't get away soon, her bladder was likely to give them away when she reached capacity and began to drip through her jeans. The cold and adrenaline were not helping her, and her normal holding ability was, she was sure, drastically reduced. To try and take her mind of her growing need, she spoke softly to Alex.

"So, do you always get the cops hunting you on your days off? I was under the impression that today was our day. You know... picnic, walk, trip to a warehouse to pick up a bit of sensitive electronic equipment that probably breaks half a dozen treaties by existing?"

His eyes flashed at her, before he realised she was teasing.

"Oh yeah," he replied quietly, "I'm just so much in demand!" He shifted a bit closer and placed the back of his hand on her cheek. "We could always finish off the day properly up here... that would be interesting..." He grinned wickedly and she smacked him gently in the stomach. He bit back a groan and gripped her wrist.

"Don't do that again unless you want the guys down there to come running over trying to figure out where the leak has sprung from..." Her eyes widened slightly. "You too, huh?" he asked and she nodded.

"Are you bad yet?" he asked. She cocked her head in thought for a moment.

"I don't think I'm going to last much more than a hour." she told him. He shifted slightly, and she became aware that her need was arousing him.

"You pervert!" she teased, risking reaching over with one hand to rest it on his swollen crotch. He smiled as he replied.

"Takes one to know one. Besides, this is purely a coping mechanism... it's not easy to pee with a hard-on."

She hushed him with a wave of her hand as the man stood up, cracking his joints with a stretch and headed over towards them. She held her breath as he passed beneath them. She turned her head to follow him. He headed over to the corner, where a drain grill was embedded in the concrete floor, and she bit her lip as he started to piss into it. Her bladder tightened painfully at the sound and her hand dropped to her crotch, pressing the seam hard into her groin as she fought for control.

Glancing at Alex, she saw he had wound his legs together tightly together, that kissable lower lip caught between his teeth. Her attention snapped back to her predicament as she felt a spurt of pee dampen her knickers. She glanced down, relieved that no wet spot showed yet. She barely noticed as the man headed back to his partner and recommenced the game of cards they had been involved in.

"We have to find a way out," she hissed. "I've got damp knickers and I'm not going to be able to hold on much longer."

He closed his eyes, thinking. His top leg had started bouncing, and occasionally his hand wandered to his groin to give a quick squeeze. She tried to still her fidgeting, afraid of falling, but her desperation had increased to a level where she could not sit still for longer than a few seconds before the waves of urgency in her bladder began to build dangerously in intensity. Her hand was jammed hard into her groin now, and she didn't dare remove it. She wanted more than anything to be able to cross her thighs tightly but the hard metal girder didn't allow her to do that; she didn't have the confidence to sit sideways on it.

Alex's eyes snapped open and he craned his neck to peer into the darkness.

"There's a window over there." he whispered. "If we crawl along the girders, we can climb out. I'm pretty sure that we won't be seen... the crates are in the way." She glanced at the stretch of metal ahead of her and swallowed.

"I don't think I can..." she whispered back. "It's too high, and I don't think I can do it without wetting myself." He drew in a harsh breath as the image of her jeans darkening filled his mind.

"While that's an image I can't deny I'd like to see, I don't want to do it here." he told her. "It's not far... let's go." She reluctantly swung her legs around, taking the opportunity to squeeze them tightly together. It provided a moment of relief, but only resulted in her desperation increasing exponentially as she parted them again. Slowly, she started to crawl along the foot wide metal ledge, Alex following behind her. The movement was proving to be torture, as every movement seemed to squeeze her bladder and waves of urgency pulsed through her.

After about 10 feet she stopped and stiffened, squeezing her legs together, as a longer spurt of pee escaped. Alex saw the inside seam of her jeans darken down her thighs by a couple of inches, and felt his own bladder tighten reflexively. Before he could stop it, he felt a damp spot growing in his jeans. He fought for and regained control, but only after a saucer sized wet spot had darkened the fly of his Levis. The small escape had only seemed to increase his urgency, and he lifted a hand off the girder to squeeze himself painfully.

After what seemed like forever, she started to move along again, until she reached the supporting upright. Alex came up behind her. "Can you get to that crate?" he whispered against her ear. She nodded slowly and glanced down at the top crate of a large stack about 6 feet below them. In order to get down without making a sound, she would have to lower herself from the girder. Trying to swallow her fear, she gripped the metal and swung herself down. As her feet brushed the wood, her bladder weakened and she felt her pee start to trickle down her thigh to her knee.

She clenched all her muscles to stem the flow, bending double and grabbing her crotch with both hands. She felt so full that she was amazed she hadn't done more than just leak on the way across. As Alex dropped soundlessly beside her, she saw that he was in as bad a state as her, rubbing over the wet spot on his jeans with the heel of his hand. Remembering his earlier comment, she wound her legs together and lifted a hand to his head, pulling him down and kissing him deeply, the other hand cupping him through his jeans. He jumped and she felt another spurt of hot wetness beneath her hand before he responded to her kiss and hardened under her touch.

"Thanks," he whispered as she pulled back, taking her hand. They crossed the crates together, their progress hampered as Cat had to pause to press into her crotch with her hands to regain enough control to contain her pee. As they reached the concrete, they glanced over at the door. The pair were still engrossed in their card game. They moved through the shadows towards the window that Alex was sure was there. Eventually they stood beneath it; Cat shifting her weight from foot to foot, Alex with his hand in his pocket gripping himself hard.

"I'm going to have to give you a bunk up." he whispered and she nodded. The window was out of her reach. It was about 3 foot square, and 7 foot or so up the wall. Alex reached up and felt for the catch. Gently, he pushed on the window, feeling it move under the pressure. It swung outwards and Alex slowly pushed until it was as wide as it would open. He linked his fingers together to form a cradle, and Cat braced herself against his shoulders as he lifted her upwards. She felt her jeans get wetter as she pulled herself out of the window, but was powerless to stop it now.

She slid out of the window, catching the frame so that her feet hit the ground first. Her muscles seemed to be paralysed after holding back for so long, and she just stood there, her eyes shut as her overfull bladder emptied with a hiss, the power forcing the stream straight through the material of her jeans so that it fell between her feet and spattered into the puddle that was forming around her feet. Alex landed next to her, allowing himself a moan as he bent double with the pressure in his own bladder and the sight of Cat, the blissful look of relief on her face.

"Come on, we can't hang around." he muttered, grabbing her hand and pulling her into a run, even as she continued to piss, dark streaks appearing on her jeans away from the expanding patch down the inside of both legs. They ran through the shadows, across a stretch of grass towards a clump of trees and bushes. Alex felt his jeans get wetter and wetter as pee spurted out each time his feet hit the ground. As they entered the trees, panting, his control buckled and his piss poured into his jeans, spreading around his balls and down his thighs.

"Oh god... feels sooooo good..." he moaned, his hands on his hips as his eyes closed, the relief almost orgasmic. Cat watched, feeling herself tighten in arousal as his Levis darkened, the puddle growing around his feet. As his stream slowed to a trickle, Cat pressed up against him, the hot wetness of his jeans warming her now cooling ones, and they kissed each other hungrily.

"I want you, Alex." she whispered, standing on tip-toe to nip his earlobe as the last drips landed at their feet. "Let's go home."

