Title: Y2K Beer & Barbecue

By: A. Quariuss  

"That was a great party," Carol breathed into Randy's left ear, and then chewed softly on the lobe. "Great way the kick off the millenium," agreed Randy as he tried to get his hand under her coat and up her thigh. The car suddenly lurched to a stop, sending the entwined couple tumbling forward off the seat. Leaning back, the taxi driver took the cigarette out of his mouth. "Sorry to interrupt Romeo, but you're home," Randy disentangled from his disheveled date and collected himself. "So we are," he replied. "What do I owe you?"

The fare paid, they stepped into the chilly night air. As the car started backing out of the driveway, Randy's neighbor Barbara burst out of the apartment building, arms waving. "Taxi! Wait!" she yelled. "Hi Randy, she said as she rushed past. "We've had a power failure, and the water pipes broke. I'm going to my sister's." Barb jumped in the cab. "Happy Y2K New Year!" she called as it drove away. 

Randy and Carol watched the taillights disappear, then turned and regarded the old building. It was black as a mausoleum and twice as quiet. "Damn landlord," raved Randy drunkenly. "We'll have to chase him again for repairs." He checked his watch. Three a.m. "Let's go inside," he said firmly. "My apartment is on the first floor just past the lobby. I got an idea." "Alright," hiccuped Carol, and she felt a twinge in her bladder. 

Carol sat waiting on the living room sofa, in her coat, in the dark. Randy had disappeared, promising to be right back. She sighed, and hummed a tune. Yes, it was a great party, she reminisced, until she noticed Richard sneaking out the side door with Delores Parker, hand on her butt. Carol felt her face flush. Bastard! After that how much did she drink? Couldn't remember. Didn't matter. She thought of Rich's friend Randy asking her home. Randy was nice. Good looking and lanky, although a little bit thin on top. Where was he? She had to ask about a toilet. Carol crossed her legs. 

Randy found the beer by the fridge light and then carefully started back to the living room. He had everything he needed - candles, the barbecue, charcoals, and matches, even a battery-powered radio for mood music. How could Rich treat someone as sweet as Carol so badly? He pictured her in his mind's eye: not the greatest figure, no waist to speak of, but slim legs, cute ass, and long blonde hair. Sizeable boobs too, if he judged correctly. As Randy shuffled along in the dark, it dawned on him that he had to piss. "Not now," he thought. He was too excited about his plan. 

Minutes later, Randy stood hands on hips, in the now candle-lit living room. "What do you think?" he asked proudly, reaching for a beer. The multi-armed candelabra with four burning candles stood on the table beside the sofa, and on the floor the black metal barbecue was starting to glow hot. Carol took a gulp of beer to toast Randy's indisputable resourcefulness, and then burped. "Are you sure it's safe?" she asked doubtfully, scratching her head. 

"Sure it's safe," exclaimed Randy, as he sank on the divan beside her. The room was warming quickly. "It is kind of romantic," admitted Carol, shifting her weight as the tension mounted in her lower abdomen. "Say Randy ," she started to ask, but at that moment his mouth closed over hers. A mellow voice on the radio announced the next selection was George Frederick Handel's Water Music.

First coats, then sweaters, then boots dropped to the floor in a pile. "It would be impolite to ask about a toilet just now," Carol decided, as Randy began to fondle her breasts. "Cripes, I am going to piss a river soon," thought Randy, as he began un-buttoning Carol's turquoise blouse. The silk garment slid open to reveal voluptuous mounds of white flesh in half-cups of black lace. His eyes bulged. "Wow, jackpot!" he thought.

"My, aren't you quick on the draw?" Carol remarked, as Randy struggled with the bra hooks behind her back. "Hold it a sec," she said as she pushed him away. Randy slumped against the armrest. "Yeah lady, that's me." He tried on a John Wayne accent. "The darn fastest gunslugger in all da wet. Uh, I mean west." Carol giggled. Randy chuckled drunkenly, found his beer, tipped it back and belched. He was going to get laid and he felt great. Except for the five-alarm emergency pounding in his bladder. He tried focusing on Carol.

She was emptying her beer bottle. She then sat up straight, slipped off her blouse, and unhooked her bra. The sudden appearance of the ample bosom unfettered caught Randy by surprise - his throat tightened in mid-swallow. He choked and a mouthful of beer reversed direction and spewed all over the pink-tipped tits.

"Oh god, I'm sorry!" gasped Randy, lapsing into a spasmodic coughing fit. Carol watched him in inebriated fascination, then looked at the frothy golden liquid running down her full breasts. She snickered and leaned forward, shaking her dripping tits on Randy's red face. Then carefully lowering her chest, she buried him deep in the soft perfumed and beer-scented cleavage. "Mmmmphaart," said Randy, trying to ignore the boulder pressing in his bladder.

"Oh, this is good," Carol thickly murmured as greedy lips found stuff nipples. She felt her new blue panties getting moist, and hoped it wasn't pee because the ache in her abdomen was getting serious. "I'll cum if I don't burst first," she told herself. Encouraged by Carol's wriggling, Randy moved his hand down over her pantyhose-clad belly towards her crotch. But the lower his fingers probed, the more it felt to Carol like daggers sticking an abscessed boil. "Ouch, stop! I better do something quick," she realized. 

Carol took Randy's head in both hands and plunged her tongue into his mouth like a snake in a new burrow, minutely exploring every crevice. This made him pause. "Let's get on the rug.," she said in a husky voice, and batted her long-lashed eyes invitingly. 

In an instant, Randy was lying on his back on the floor. Carol knelt beside him, unzipped his fly and yanked his black pants down to his ankles. As she gathered his rapidly swelling cock into her mouth, Randy arched his legs, put his knees together, and tightened the muscles in his groin to keep his bladder under control. Carol started sucking loudly. "Feels so good!" Randy croaked between clenched teeth, determined not to piss in her face. 

The room was now steaming, and sweat glistened on Carol's body from the double exertion of pumping Randy's rigid dick, while trying to keep from disgorging her painfully distended water reservoir. "Gotta get him off, so I can piddle." She urgently thought. She put her free hand between her legs and pressed her trembling thighs together. She was beginning to leak: Warm piss was seeping into her panties and down the inside legs of her pantyhose. "Come on," she silently pleaded. "Cum on!" 

Desperate, Carol switched techniques. Tickling the top bulb of his erection with her fingernails, she began lapping at his balls like a dog licking a chin. Randy gasped. His but clenched hard and his legs shot straight out, kicking over the barbecue. Glowing coals spilled across the rug and floor. 

"Holy shit!," screamed Randy, sending Carol head over heels as he scrambled up. "Fire! Fire! There's no water! We need water! Help! Water!" 

Carol sprang to her feet. Quickly tearing off her pantyhose, she hoisted her skirt waist high with one hand and pulled her damp panties down with the other. She aimed at the nearest smoking coal on the rug, grunted, and fired. In a heartbeat, the rock was reduced to a hissing, smoldering lump under a torrent of piss. Randy was awe-struck by the sight. She moved like a beautiful stealth bomber around the room, seeking out target after target, taking them out in a deadly urine deluge. He was in love.

"Yes!" Randy cried, pumping a fist. "We're a goddamn fire brigade." Carol squatted over the barbecue bowl, rotating her shapely ass in circles, drenching every last ember. Eager to help, Randy opened his water valve, and immediately the spray from his still stiff cock soaked the front of his shirt. "Damn," he yelled, and tripped over his ankle-binding pants into the table beside the sofa. The candelabra bounced onto the couch, but before the flames could catch, Carol was there with one foot on the floor and the other up on the back of the seat. She had plenty left and the fire died a wet death. Lights out.

The room was black again. Smoke and the acrid smell of burned polyester fabrics filled the air. For several minutes the only sounds above the radio softy playing Debussy's La Mer were the pattering of pee and contented sighs of release. 

Randy's voice in the dark - "Uh, sweety, there's a flashlight by the telephone. How about I find a hotel and call a cab?" 

"Make sure there's a toilet, a shower, and clean bed," came the reply. 

