A Dangerous Game

Posted by theholdmaster on Aug 15th, 2008

Friday. None of my friends called me to go out and I was enjoying a boring evening at home. It’s not always a bad thing to feel bored: having nothing to do often brings out good ideas, and so happened that time. When my parents went to bed near midnight I decided to start an exciting game. It was a chilly autumn night but the central heating was still not on in my house and the room temperature was quite low. What’s better to keep body warmth than a tight lycra second skin? I peed for the last time at midnight, I drank a big glass of water (approx 300 ml) and I put on 2 pairs of pantyhose instead of pyjamas trousers. I slept well and I got up at 8, not the usual wake up time for my saturday mornings...

My bladder obviously made me feel its presence but I definitely didn’t want to empty right now, while it started to give me pleasure. Before going out of my bedroom to have breakfast I added another 3 pantyhoses to increase abdomen pressure and I hid everything with my usual man’s clothes. I drank a cup of milk and a coffee for breakfast (approx 400 ml of fluids) then I went to the bathroom. I washed face, brushed teeth and I flushed as any normal person, but the little difference was that instead of relieving myself I used toilet time to adjust the pantyhoses at the crotch and put the genitals firmly back between my thighs, to be trapped and avoid any unelegant pee rush during the day.

Anyway I felt confortable at that moment and I decided to call a schoolmate to make a visit to our high school, to greet our teachers 3 weeks after we began to attend university. The school was 10 km far from my house and the weather was chilly but very irresponsibly I chose to get there riding my scooter instead of catching the bus. However the concentration required to drive completely cancelled the need but when I arrived and I got into the school the temperature change started to make me bad tricks: as long as I kept moving I felt comfortable but when I had to stand, every time I met a teacher to talk with, my bladder was assailed by involuntary contractions. It was a big issue but also an exciting situation: I was next to my friend and to teachers and I couldn’t show any sign of discomfort. 

My only defence towards an embarassing trousers’ stain was my willpower: the pantyhose trap gave me no chance to use toilet because I needed much time to wear them correctly after relieving and my friend would have become suspicious hearing strange sounds besides the door. Some help to get accustomed to the discomfort came from the hot radiators of the corridors: after a few stops in front of them contractions gradually disappeared and I could enjoy a delightful fullness feeling for the rest of the morning. We stayed there until 12:40, when lessons end, to meet some guys we knew and when we came out problems started again.

However that time I could manage them better: I went straight to my scooter and I sat there until my friend and the guys arrived to have a talk. I was playing a dangerous game but I loved it and I couldn’t stop it even if I wanted to. I came back home at 1:30 pm and I literally rushed to the toilet: to put the scooter in its place and to close the garage door were small efforts but my bladder immediately answered with strong contractions and I felt really desperate. Into the restroom, with the door shut and my parents having lunch far enough from it, I was free to moan and squirm sitting on the wc to fight the need. 

Breathing slowly and with long inspirations for some minutes and keeping my back well erected would gave me the necessary comfort to unwear pantyhoses and pee without wetting anything, but right then my pride got the upper hand of me and I decided to challenge my bladder once again. I kept pantyhoses on and I listened to the flushing sound with pleasure. I had lunch talking with parents as usual then I went to my room to check mail and to rest a little. I just had a glass of water during lunch because I use to eat much salad and I didn’t want too many liquids to take my private pleasure to an end. I spent the afternoon reading, lying on the bed, and near 6 pm I was at my ease when a guy of my town called me to make a visit to a friend we didn’t saw for much time. I surely overrate my self control capacity that time: I didn’t even consider to make a toilet trip after almost 18 hours of holding and I just put on a pairs of jeans and went out. 

When we arrived there the first contractions started just getting off the car. Fortunately we were invited to sit in front of a table as soon as we came into the house and I could try to control myself opening and closing thighs toghether without fear to be seen. Contractions lasted for more than 15 minutes and I was agonizing but nobody had to see it. I cheated and joked as usual, and the only sign of discomfort was a slight sweat on my brow that nobody noticed. At 7 we thought to came back home and I immediately went to my car with the excuse to check the cellphone I left there: contractions were much intense and almost continuous now and I could resist only if sitting. When I finally came home I run to the toilet in the garage and I pulled down jeans and pantyhose in a second because there was no chance to control bladder any more. After more than 19 hours since my last visit I had to give up but I surely had a good day... 

