Amy was a five foot four beauty with a body to die for. She weighed a mere hundred pounds with most of her weight held in her chest, butt, and thighs. Her body drew looks everywhere she went, with her thin waist and swaying hips, she hypnotized everyone without even trying. Her eyes were bright green and her hair was beautiful strawberry blonde, down to her shoulders. She was currently a student who held a job, working as many hours as she could while still getting straight–A's. Her job was a stressful one – she worked all day doing paper work and taking, often long, phone calls for the very large, very important real estate agent she worked for.
Amy had a fairly small bladder that matched the rest of her body, but she was very good at avoiding even potential problems by regularly going to the bathroom. By doing such, she never felt the need to restrict her liquid intake at all. However, on this one day, she began wishing that she had been even more careful. It was her busiest day of the week, Friday. She had classes from nine am until one in the afternoon, with only a ten minute break in–between classes. After that, she had to leave immediately for work where she stayed until at least ten at night, if not later. This particular Friday, Amy did not have a chance to go to the bathroom in–between classes because she had to speak to her professor before going to her next class. An over–achiever through and through, Amy refused to be late for class and hurried, passing right by the bathroom.
By the time she arrived at work, she felt a slight need to go but nothing that was overly pressing. She planned to go before sitting down to work but was quickly intercepted by her boss when she entered the building. Her boss was in his late twenties or early thirties and an incredibly handsome man. He was a good boss, but very, very strict, wanting to get every bit of work that he could out of his employees. The one perk that he did allow was that everyone could wear whatever they wanted to work, which Amy took full advantage of in order to show off her body in hopes of one day receiving a promotion. This particular day she was wearing tight, light washed jeans that made her ass and legs look perfect and a tight, sleeveless black shirt with a low, swooping neckline. However, when Amy was ushered into her chair where the phone was already ringing, she felt the waistband of her jeans press against her bladder and she started to regret not wearing a loose fitting dress.
This first phone call alone lasted twenty minutes, but Amy was not worried. She still did not feel a pressing need to use the restroom and still had it figured that she could go as soon as she hung up the phone. As soon as she said good–bye to the caller, she stood up from her desk and began heading towards the bathroom. "Where are you going?" The voice came from her boss's desk, which she had to pass to get to the bathroom. "I just need to stop at the bathroom real quick. I didn't get a chance to go at school and I wanted to go before I got too involved in my work." Her boss shook his head, sending a feeling of worry into Amy's body. "I guess you didn't hear. A pipe burst last night and no one can use the bathrooms. Someone is supposed to be here later today to fix it though. You'll just have to be patient and wait for them. Please go back to your desk and get started on all your paperwork." As her boss went back to his own work, Amy had to choice but to sullenly go back to her own work.
The next two hours passed quickly, but Amy was growing more and more desperate. It was a hot spring day, the first of the year, and Amy had to continuously sip on water to keep her voice, which she needed for all of the phone conversations, from drying out. She was now sitting uncomfortably at her desk with her legs crossed, doing her best to help a potential customer. If she didn't treat each and every customer with the utmost respect then she got reprimanded. "Every customer should be treated like they were your own mother" was something that Amy and the other three people who worked in that part of the office had heard one too many times. Of the five people in the office, Amy was the only female, and no one else seemed to be having any problems "holding it." When her phone didn't ring again right away, Amy stood from her desk to go speak to her boss. As soon as she was vertical, her bladder sent out a harsh pulse, not liking the new pressure that was being put on it. After a few deep breaths, the pain went away and Amy was able to walk normally to her Boss's desk.
"Excuse me, Mr. Adams? Do you have any idea when the plumber is going to be here...?" He looked up from his work with a disinterested look on his face. "They called a bit ago and said they were behind. They said it could be another three hours." Devastation hit Amy harder than a hammer. Three hours? She knew there was no way that she could wait that long. She would be lucky if she lasted another hour. She had one last hope. "In that case, Mr. Adams, I think I'm going to take my thirty minute break now so that I can use the restroom. I know it's a little earlier that I usually take it but–" Just then the phone rang and Amy had to wait while her boss answered it. Yelling was coming from the other end of the phone, but Amy could not hear clearly what he was saying. Mr. Adams, though, did not look happy. "Of course, of course sir! We will do everything we can. No, of course I understand. Yes. Yes. We will start working to fix this immediately." As soon as he hung up the phone, Amy began speaking. "Sir, I will help as soon as I get back from m–." "No." Amy was stunned. "Ex–excuse me?" Her boss stood up. "I said no. Someone downstairs royally screwed over this guy's contract and we need to fix it now! Files are being faxed over right now. You can have your break when we're done with this."
Amy knew she had no chance at changing his mind and she skulked back to her desk where dozens of files were already spitting out of her fax machine. Thirty minutes later and all of the liquids from the day were continuously pouring into Amy's bladder. She sat continuously with her legs crossed and her foot bouncing up and down. These files were complicated and had to be gone over carefully, which helped keep Amy's mind off of her pressing need for the bathroom but not by much. Another thirty minutes later and Amy had her hand pressed tightly against the crotch of her jeans, causing her to have to work slower than she should be able to. At every little sound, Amy looked up, hoping to see the plumber, but was disappointed every time. Barely half way through the stack of papers she had to go through and the pain in Amy's bladder was quickly multiplying. Her desk was too open to allow her even the simple relief of unbuttoning her jeans and she was forced to sit with the tight pressure of the waistband pressing right against her hardening bladder.
Now, barely two more papers were done and Amy was wriggling in her seat with her pussy pressing hard against her clenched fist. Every once in a while she would attract the attention of one of her male coworkers, but she didn't care. All she was worried about now was keeping her pee inside of her bladder and off of her jeans. Then, finally, ten minutes later, with Amy feeling like she was going to explode, the plumber arrived. Thank God!!! Amy thought in relief. Mr. Adams pointed him to the bathrooms and Amy looked in dismay as he went into the men's room first. She tried to not worry about it though, thinking that it couldn't be long before he found the broken pipe. Meanwhile, she could no longer do any work. Both of her hands were being used to hold her pee in and her hips were twisting back and forth in her chair, every nerve in her body working to strengthen her bladder.
Suddenly, before she even knew what was happening, Amy felt a small spurt of pee release from her urethra and into her magenta pink panties. Amy could not keep a gasp from escaping her lips and she pressed so hard against her pussy that she almost cried out in pain. Blushing in shame, Amy stood up and hobbled over to her boss's desk, holding herself shamelessly as her bladder pressed dangerously against her pants. "Please...sir. Can you go see if the plumber is almost done?" Mr. Adams looked up dully, but his face soon lit up as he saw this beautiful young woman standing in front of him, both of her hands plunged into her crotch. "Ms. Wallas! Might I ask the cause of such an inappropriate display in the office?" That one word, "inappropriate", attracted the attention of the other three men in the office who all began diligently watching Amy's predicament. "Sir...I really need to use the restroom." Amy spoke quietly, so as to avoid everyone else hearing, but her boss would have none of that. "I'm sorry; can you say that again, please?" "The bathroom– I need it desperately, Mr. Adams!" He nodded while snickers from the other men filled the room. "I'm afraid the plumber isn't done yet. Let's ask, shall we? Mr. Curst, can you come here a moment please?"
Amy suddenly bent forward at her knees and pressed her hands even deeper into her pussy. Another spurt had escaped despite her best efforts and she felt the warmth surround her shaved mound. She didn't think it was enough to pass through her jeans, but she wasn't about to remove her hands to check. The plumber appeared then, asking what was needed. Then, the worst news he could have given. It might be another forty minutes before it was fixed. A small smile played on Mr. Adams face as he shrugged at Amy and ushered her back to her desk. A small sob escaped her lips as she hobbled back to her desk, another squirt escaping when she sat down. No longer trying to hide anything, Amy wriggled, bounced, and moaned all she needed – anything to hold her bladder. This didn't work for long and not even five minutes later, a powerful squirt escaped into her underwear and Amy knew that this one had soaked right through her panties. A cry escaped her lips and she sprung up from her chair and hurried back to where the bathrooms were. "PLEASE! Mr. Adams, I have to go NOW." "Ms. Wallas, I'm afraid there's nothing I can do for you, and you're causing a scene." Indeed, Amy was causing a scene. All the men in the office, including the plumber, had gathered around to witness what was sure to be a huge bathroom accident by the very attractive, 19 year old Amy.
Writhing in pain and desperation, Amy looked around for help as a three second spurt passed through her pants and started to ease up the backside of her pants. Sobs began escaping her as she pleaded. "Please please please!! I'm going to go in my PANTS! Let me into the bathroom now!" When no one said anything, Amy began easing herself towards the bathroom, determined to go whether the toilet would flush after or not. However, a hand pressed against her lower stomach, not only stopping her but also causing another squirt to escape, pooling into Amy's hand. "I'm afraid I can't let you do that Ms. Wallas, company policy and such." Amy just about collapsed with grief at that point. "Nooooooo!" A loud, long wail escaped Amy's lips as pee rushed into her panties for five seconds straight. The dark, wet stain was becoming painfully obvious as Amy's own urine began soaking not only up her ass but also down her legs, forming streaks multiple shades darker than the denim. Amy froze, unable to move, the pain too great. She could do nothing but close her eyes in shame as her bladder finally gave up on her. Pee gushed out, pushing through her pussy lips, soaking her panties, jeans, hands, and shoes. It pushed forcefully out, giving an audible hissing sound as her hot urine soaked into the carpet beneath her feet. She felt the hot, acidic urine as it soaked through her panties, ran down her legs, and soaked into her jeans before pooling inside of her sneakers. Finally, what seemed like forever, the flow slowed before stemming completely. Amy removed her hands from her now soaking crotch, pee dripping off of her fingers, and opened her eyes to five pairs of eyes, all on her soaking wet jeans. Her face, bright red with embarrassment and streaked with tears and her legs and feet already cooling to an uncomfortable stickiness, her boss spoke. "Well, I guess you'll be able to concentrate on your work now."
By: Nicky P.