This is a true story of a sighting I had of a girl my age (18) when I was in my senior year of high school.
We had weekly assemblies, all standing in the open assembly area, just before lunchtime. My mates and I usually tried to stand behind a row of girls so we could check them out. I particularly enjoyed studying the shape of their bottoms under their uniforms and imagining I could see right through to their pants. One day in an assembly I found myself particularly transfixed by an extremely attractive girl in front and just across to the left. She was fairly new to the school and just perfect – not too skinny but not fat; solid, athletic looking legs that went "all the way up" before disappearing under the high hem of her uniform, which was held out enticingly from the backs of her bare legs by what had to be quite a prominent round bum. How I longed to be able to see it; how big was it, what color pants did she have on... Her skirt seemed barely long enough to hide it from view; I knew it was right there, just out of sight, so near and yet so far...
She kept changing the way she was standing, which made her bottom look even more enticing and gave me an enhanced view, but at first I didn't place any significance upon her movements. Then all of a sudden it hit me: it looked as if she might have to pee! I studied her movements closer, and it certainly looked as if she was moving to help herself hold on. Could it really be true? This sexy, athletic looking girl could really be dying for a piss? And right there in front of me! It was too good to be true, yet the way she was moving and standing definitely seemed to confirm it. I could feel my dick getting bigger in my trousers as I watched her stand with one leg bent forward and her bottom stuck out, and then change to the other leg for only a short time before changing back. When she started repeatedly bending both knees together slightly and bobbing a little, or sometimes bouncing one foot up and down on the ground, I was in no doubt– this hot chick was actually BUSTING!! As my dick became quite hard with the excitement I had to try to secretly maneuver it upwards with my hand in my pocket, so it wouldn't be so obviously sticking out.
As the minutes passed her movements became undoubtedly more noticeable and obvious. Somehow it seemed incongruous that this very attractive, athletic, and sexy looking girl should be having difficulty holding her wee in; she seemed too physically perfect to not have it all perfectly in hand. Yet that very paradox made it all the more exciting. VERY exciting! I found myself not only imagining seeing under the back of her skirt, but especially the neat little curve of the front of her panties between her legs, where I knew the struggle was going on. How unreal it would be to see that neat, hidden place now, knowing she was fighting to keep her piss held in, right there! I felt no sympathy for her plight; but lapped up the sight of her stepping from one foot to the other, sometimes standing briefly like a statue with one leg pressed across in front of the other, sometimes bouncing up and down a little bending both legs together, or repeatedly bending them slightly in alternation. I was trembling with wild excitement, my heart was thumping, and I could feel frequent little twinges in my rock hard dick. I knew it would not have taken many rubs to bring on an orgasm.
I kept an eye on her right hand, which kept hovering at her side, rather close to her front. It looked as if she really wanted to hold herself between her legs, and if she did I didn't want to miss it! Unfortunately she didn't, but all of a sudden she seemed to stiffen all over, and for some moments stood as rigid as a statue, bent slightly forward with her legs pressed together. She then turned and gingerly took a couple of steps with her legs still half pressed together before finally hurrying off, out of the assembly. How I longed to somehow be able to stop her going! But the sight of how she hurried away and what I saw then almost made me cum in my pants, for there on the concrete where she'd just left were a number of unmistakably darker little patches – she'd actually suddenly started wetting her panties for a moment! As the incredible sight of how she'd suddenly desperately stiffened (presumably when she lost control) replayed vividly in my mind I could actually feel the tingles in my hard dick: all ready to blow. It sure took some self–control not to give it a couple of squeezes through my pocket and finish the job!
Once she was initially lost from sight I watched the entrance to the girls' toilet, which was in plain view from the assembly area, and sure enough after a brief interval I saw her hurry in the doorway. I imagined what might now be happening – would she run once out of sight? Grasp herself between her legs? Start pissing uncontrollably before she got her pants down? I never found out any more, because when she came out and returned to her place in the assembly, (now walking much more calmly) apart from looking red faced and embarrassed she appeared quite normal; no wet patch in the front of her blue skirt, no evidence of wet shoes.
For the rest of the day though, I learnt little, continually going over and over in my mind what I'd seen. I imagined a likely scenario: she'd had a bit too much to drink at the morning tea break, then been increasingly busting through the 2 periods between then and lunch, but wanting to avoid asking to be excused had just hung on. Then when there'd been an assembly to have to stand up through it had proven just a bit too much for her very full bladder. She'd struggled and struggled until – PSSSSSST...
Inspired by what I'd seen I held on for the rest of the school day myself, drinking extra water from the bubblers to ensure that I was properly needing to pee myself by time I got home, knowing that I would be the only one there for a while. When I did get home I lay down on my bed and relived what I'd witnessed, quickly got a stiffy despite my now full bladder... and you can guess the rest!
Please feel free to email me with any comments.
PS. A little word of encouragement:
Come on you lot, get yourselves organized and try and get some good genuinely candid desperation photos and send them in here. If you haven't already got one, go out and buy a cheap little digital camera (then you don't have to worry about shop people seeing your pics) and take it in your pocket whenever you go somewhere that might hold possibilities. (Including supermarkets etc.) I scored 3 interesting waiting–in–line "events" at one field day recently, which I've sent in. If I can do that in Australia with our relatively sparse population there should be plenty more good opportunities in highly populated European or American countries where I presume the crowds would have to be thicker? (And therefore more demand on toilets) And think about adding a few words to the picture to tell what the situation was or what was happening. I look forward to seeing your scoops! Good luck and have fun.
Dave ( email welcome )