Sally Revisited

by Roland

Hi folks,

when I've read Sally's story on femaledesperation.com (hope you'll manage to get back soon. I knew it, one day the religious nutters you were always warning of would hit back, but that's another (sad) story), it hit a nerve like a bomb. As a reaction, I've posted something on Forum, via femaledesperation.com I've written a fan mail to Sally, everything a little bit confused, not knowing exactly what to say and what to ask. In looking back, Sally's story sparked a mind boggling giant flash back and I'd like to tell you about it. 

The first flash illuminated a period in my childhood (I was apx. 9) when I started some bladder capacity experiments. Perhaps you've read my 3rd story on femaledesperation.com where I've described a class mate who stunned us other boys with his tremendous bladder capacity: when he went to the school's loo for a pee we thought it just wouldn't stop. Instantly, I tried at home whether I could cope with him: By drinking much water, I filled my bladder to the brim and measured how much I could hold and how long it would take to void. I can only remember that in my first attempt I managed to hold in 900ml and peed for 60 seconds, but had always the inferiority feeling that this was much less than he could.

Not much later, I guess when I was about 10, I could listen by chance to an apprentice of our shop who emptied her bladder after work. Boy, what a flood it was! I got totally mesmerized and this was the very first moment when I associated a woman's peeing with erotic feelings and started to fantasize about women with huge bladders as a common subject of my masturbation fantasies (I'm not alone, a couple of weeks ago another Forum user reported a similar account). 

I think it was Fluidity who mentioned that Sally's and my habits were about the same as we both had the habit to let our bladders getting full til bursting point. But there are two fundamental differences: we did it in a quite different way and I guess for very different reasons.

I could never do this the way Sally did, I would piss myself hopelessly. The trick I used was kind of a bio feedback cycle. How does it work? Well, as a preparation for my BET (Bladder Enlargement Training) program, I would drink a bucket of water and would go to bed. When my bladder signalled that's time to empty it, then this would recall my Golden Shower Angels fantasies, with some mechanical help or not I would get a hard on which would seal my outlet mechanically, additionally the sexual arousal would have a strong bladder muscles relaxing effect, and finally my desperateness would disappear for a while. 

Then my bladder would call again for release and ... see above (Oh, I have to go right now, I'm thinking of Sally and ... it helps! Therefore, let me call this phenomenon in honour of our volatile Forum guest the Sally Cycle. BTW, many thanks Michelle for your reply, but you see, a full bladder is not arousing per se for me, it's more subtle :-).

I didn't show Sally's perseverance and eventually stopped my BET program. That I got a larger bladder capacity over time was due to my natural growth, as I posted I ended up with a capacity of apx. 1300 ml I can hold without pain now, but only using the Sally Cycle method! 1300 ml is apx. my daily output when I'm drinking normally, and it's really amazing how Sally managed to hold in a 24 hours (and more) pee production whilst being in school, on a journey etc.

Often, I was fantasizing of what would happen if a young girl in her phase of growth would do a BET systematically. And now with Sally, this fantasy has become true, I just can't believe it!

Sally's case is also remarkable from a medical point of view. All textbooks warn you not to do what Sally did, for several reasons:

o it allows bacteria to multiply and to spread over the urinary system, o it may cause a urinary reflux which could damage the kidneys, o it could even damage the neuronal control of bladder and sphincter.

Sally didn't report any health problems, obviously the juvenile organism is very adaptive and she really managed to complete a BET program successfully. Great!

Sally is also remarkable in this regard: Wasn't it never painful to hold in that large amounts of liquid? I never tried to exceed my 1300ml limit 'cause my bladder got a "swollen ache". And what's about the sheer size of it? I could feel it as a rock hard ballon which reached the level of my navel. Did Sally never get problems with tight jeans, tight waistbands, and what's about gym sessions in school? A bag of questions only Sally could answer to us if she would come back ... :-(

The next flash let me recall a particular habit of holding in I had when I was apx. 6. I just didn't want to empty my bowels. I remember me sitting on a stair holding a step with both hands and pressing my buttocks against it as hard as I could. Later, one of my nieces showed the same habit at about the same age. In both cases, the habits disappeared completely after some month. I talked about this with a friend, a psychologist, and he came up with the theory of a mother/child authority conflict.

This would be an interesting new explanation of why little girls wait. Girls and young women seem to be much more prone to that kind of conflict and this would add the holding-in habit to e.g. anorexia/bulimia syndroms as a way to express unsolved mother/daughter conflicts. The other explanations like to be shy of unknown, questionable toilets or, alternatively, some arousing feelings a full bladder may cause are O.K., but probably insufficient to explain why going to that extreme length as Sally did. Even when the underlying reason disappears, such habits may become ingrained and last indefinitely.

What's about young women past puberty? We don't know Sally's 13+ story and probably never will :-( I don't want to speculate about Sally in the public as this would be unfair, but let me tell you about my 3rd flash which shed light upon a partnership I had for some years with a woman, Regina, who's the only woman I know who had a chance to cope with Sally.

When I met Regina, I met by chance a dream girl of my fantasies, a woman who obviously had also a very large bladder as she could and did hold it for a very long time. She preferred her own toilet and almost never used a strange, unknown one. A bus trip where we departed at 6:00 in the morning and returned at 2:00 past midnight? A long, long trip to France where we departed at about 9:00 and arrived at 6:00 the next morning? No problem for her not to pee en route. But the best thing were the listenings I could do as long as we lived together as they showed the real stunning quantities she could hold. 

She made the top entry on my Hall of Fame list when we returned from a visit of friends where we had lots of beverages - coffee, juices, beer - over the day and she consequently ignored the nice toilet of our friends. When we returned home, it was one of the rare occasions where she showed signs of desperateness and she peed for 60 seconds continuously and to my great amazement, continued spurting on and off for another 40 seconds! It's hard to say, but I think this was an equivalent to a 80 seconds continuous stream.

That's an interesting figure as it took me also 80 seconds to void my 1300ml. But I had the impression that Regina peed more forcefully as I did, it's hard to guess as the field of pee sound acoustics is widely unexplored, but let me assume a quantity of apx. 1500ml. Not bad!

She was well aware of her capability and proud of it. I remember statements like "I can hold ..." or "I can wait all day no matter how much I'm drinking ..." or "it's very convenient not to be dependent on toilets". Often, she laughed at me because of my - in her eyes - tiny bladder. Well, it isn't that tiny, but I just dislike the feeling of being desperate unless I'm in a situation where I can enter SCs.

Though I'd met a dream girl in some sense, I never addressed w/s nor even tried to seduce her into w/s practices. In looking back, I see two main reasons: I didn't accept emotionally my w/s inclination then, and I wasn't aware of the subtle w/s autoeroticism inherent in the hold in habits of women. All this changed dramatically when I first found Patches' Place and later entered a nice email conversation with femaledesperation.com. It was femaledesperation.com who finally encouraged me to write w/s stories which I managed to my own surprise. I never would have dared to submit them to Patches' Place because of my poor English competence, but the positive response the stories evoked showed my that they hit a nerve in a lot of readers and it was worth the effort to post it.

Believe it or not, but until today I never have talked to anybody about w/s, I've only written about it. It was the obliqueness of the written word and in my case the double obliqueness of the English written word which helped me to overcome the threshold and it had an tremendously positive effect on myself: it reconciled my intellect, which always said that sex in all its harmless variants is the most natural thing on Earth, with my emotions. Patches and femaledesperation.com, you deserve my Psycho Health Care Award 1996!

Don't get me wrong, it don't complain about my partnerships. It's not obvious from my stories, but I would describe myself as a quite normal man with a normal sex life who additionally enjoys some w/s fantasies. I enjoy greatly mainstream sex and in some cases I nicely managed to take benefits from w/s as an quasi aphrodisiac. 

A flash brightly illuminates a situation on a rainy Sunday morning where Regina and me were lying in the bed. The evening before, we had a party and we both had drunk a lot. At night, I went to the loo cause I wanted to sleep undisturbedly and not to enter SCs. As usual, my SO didn't have that kind of problems and at about 11:00 a.m., when we both were awake, I started my Female Anatomy Exploration Program. My curious hand approached her navel from above as I was trying to feel her supposedly very full bladder. "Oops", she said and grabbed my hand, "don't press onto my tummy, I'll wet the bed!".

You guys would have asked "So what?" but when she said "Wait a minute" I let her go to the bathroom. All doors were open, I closed my eyes and enjoyed her Water Music in P-Major: First movement Allegro Vivace, then a long second movement Adagio Cantabile, and as she got impatient, a final movement Presto con Fuoco. Marvellous! Bravo da capo! I didn't waste too much time with foreplay when she returned into our bed and I virtually exploded in her. 

Now I've written a lot and let me finish with some remarks on Sally's thinking whether or not she's into w/s (you know, a curious fan mailer hit a nerve ;-). Well, it's all a matter of definition and I wouldn't spent too much time with theoretical considerations. Am I into w/s? Hum, maybe, I'm possibly interested in some scientific aspects of theoretical w/s, but not really ... ;-)

From my own experience, I have another point (in case she'll read this) for Sally: no matter what your fantasies are, accept them! With your first story, you've made an important step into this direction and I'd like to encourage you to continue despite the fact that femaledesperation.com had trouble with the page may have frightened you. We all are eagerly waiting for next installments, and writing stories is a wonderful exercise to accept yourself as you are and to accept us as we are.

But never try to suppress your fantasies, I promise you, you'll end up in a life long conflict you'll never win!

Sally, a last curious, indiscrete question:

Did I hit a nerve of ... your SO?

