The Beer Flows Better at Hooter’s
  (Female Desperation)
Written by hklumfan

It was another hectic, passionate, adrenaline-pumped crowd at Hooters. Everyone was representing their team colors and ready for the big games of March Madness. Jennifer loved days like this. There were always plenty of cute boys for her to flirt with and the tips were more generous than usual for big event days like this one.

Jennifer was just getting in for her shift and she noticed that the restaurant was already jam-packed. It was so busy, the manager had to call in girls from other restaurants just to satisfy the rush. Jennifer finished drinking a one-liter bottle of water she had started on the drive to work just before she went to her first table. By the time she got done introducing herself to the guys at the first table, her manager assigned her to escort several other groups to their tables to be ready for the action.

After 20-30 minutes or so, Jennifer had been made the rounds to all the tables she would likely get for the games. It was at this point that her bladder started to send its first signals to her that it was getting full and needed to be emptied. This was nothing out of the usual for Jennifer. She had always been confident in her above average bladder capacity and had only felt desperate to pee once before while on the job. The orders of beer and chicken wings were coming in at an astounding rate, so Jennifer had plenty to do to keep her mind off her rapidly filling bladder. She was very popular with the customers, and she was even offered beers from at least one customer at each table.

After another thirty minutes, Jennifer’s bladder was starting to become urgently full. It had now been a little bit more than an hour since she finished one liter of water, and she must have drank at least 700 ml of beer that customers had offered her along the way. The beer was going right through her, and she knew that she would have to get to the bathroom soon. She was momentarily frustrated with herself for drinking an entire liter of water without thinking to go to the bathroom first.

“Hey Jen, can I get another pint of beer over here?” requested a customer at table #12.

“I’ll be right there,” answered Jennifer. She went over to the table and took down the size and type of beer the customer wanted. Jennifer’s bladder suddenly contracted, forcing her to squeeze her thighs together for the first time. Luckily, no one saw her, at least not at the table she was attending to at the moment. As she finished taking the customer’s order, she briskly walked back to the bar to get the pint of beer.

Upon her return to the table, she glanced in the direction of the ladies’ room to see what the situation was like over there. The line was coming out the door for the ladies’ room, and there were only five stalls, which meant that there was a pretty good wait for anyone who wasn’t at least inside the bathroom. She finally gave the customer his beer, and the group at table #12 decided to order another platter of hot wings, two pitchers of beer, and a couple of orders of fries. Every waitress available was attending to at least one table, and each of them knew that they had to help each other get orders to all the tables as quickly as possible. Their teamwork not only made them more efficient, but the customers didn’t mind seeing a variety of iconic Hooter’s girls rotating through the tables.

Jennifer’s co-worker Paige suddenly called to her, “Can you take those three pitchers of beer over to table #6?”

“Sure thing, Paige,” responded Jennifer. Just after she confirmed to Paige that she would assist her with the beer order, her bladder sent another wave of pressure over her. The pain of containing her pee was now starting to become a constant, and increasingly greater presence in Jennifer’s mind. She picked up the three pitchers of beer, carrying two in her left hand and the other in her right.

This was the first trip of the day in which Jennifer had reached the point of walking very carefully out of fear of losing bladder control. Jennifer finally reached the table, immediately squeezing her shapely thighs together once again. As she leaned down towards the table, the first couple of drops escaped her clenched sphincter and soaked into her orange shorts. Jennifer gasped, rushing the pitcher in her right hand down, spilling some of it onto the table. Now that her right hand was free, she grabbed the edge of the table to lean on it so that she could cross her legs as quickly as she could. This momentarily allowed her to regain control on her bladder, and only one more drop managed to leak into her shorts.

One of the customers at table #6 noticed that Jennifer was displaying signs of distress. “Are you ok?”

Jennifer: “I’m fine, thank you.” She was doing her best to play it off.

Table #6 guy: “Oh, ok. It looks like you need to go to the bathroom or something, that’s all.”

Jennifer: “Don’t worry, I’m ok.”

Jennifer couldn’t be farther from ok. She had lost three drops into her tight, short orange shorts, and the pain in her bladder was not easing up at all. As she left the table, she did her best to walk with a normal, confident stride, but she couldn’t make it more than half way back to the bar without giving her crotch a couple of good squeezes. By the time she was all the way back to the bar, she grabbed her aching pussy with both hands.

From the bar, Jennifer could see the line to the ladies’ room. It was still as long as before, maybe even a little bit longer. It was only a few minutes before halftime, and the bathrooms would be packed the entire time. Jennifer also noticed Paige and a couple of the other waitresses starting to show signs that they badly needed to pee.

Two hours into Jennifer’s shift, Paige suddenly came up behind Jennifer, “Oh my God, I have to go to the bathroom so bad. I don’t think I can hold it long enough to get through the halftime rush.”

Jennifer: “I have to pee pretty badly myself. Just hang in there Paige, we’ve been in situations like this before.”

Paige: “I know we’ve had to hold in our pee before, but I’m so desperate…I feel like I’m going to burst into my shorts any second!”

Jennifer: “Try not to think about it so much. I know that’s not easy right now, but both of us have to hold it in if we’re going to make it through this shift without any accidents.”

Paige just nodded and had a frantic look in her eyes. She was constantly shifting her weight from foot to foot now. She had both hands buried between her legs for five seconds before carefully removing them and showing some semblance of regained control. Jennifer had already scurried to take the platter of wings, fries, and two pitchers of beer table #12 had ordered earlier.

Jennifer : “Here it is, guys. Sorry it took a little longer than unusual to get it out.”

Table #12 customer: “No worries, beautiful. A couple of other girls came by to see how we were doing, so you gals have been doing great.”

Jennifer: “Thanks, we’re glad you are enjoying yourself.” Jennifer’s voice was noticeably strained as she said this, and she was crossing her legs and bouncing her knees a little bit.

Table #12 customer: “Are you alright? You look tense.”

Jennifer: “I haven’t had a break since my shift started, and I have to go pee.”

Table #12 customer: “It’s almost halftime, so hopefully you can go then.”

Jennifer: “Yeah….I gotta get to the next table, so just let me know if you need anything else.”

Jennifer barely made it away from table #12 without leaking any further. Her bladder was throbbing, and it was taking every ounce of focus and strength she had to contain the endless flow of pee entering her tired bladder. As she arrived at the table #5, Jennifer lost a 1-second squirt into her shorts. There was a visible wet spot on the crotch of her shorts 2 inches in diameter.

Jennifer: “Oh shit! I’m starting to wet myself like a little girl.” (under her breath)

Table #5 customer: “Do you know when our wings will be ready?”

Jennifer: “No, but let me go check on that for you. I’ll be right back.”

The customer at table #5 barely saw the wet spot between her thighs as she frantically walked away with her thighs squeezed as tightly together as walking would allow her. He knew that there could be something just as eventful as an NCAA title at stake for this girl.

Jennifer made it back to the bar, but not before losing another squirt into her shorts. This time, her tight, orange-clad pussy didn’t close as quickly, resulting in an additional 1.5 inches to the diameter of her wet spot (now 3.5 inches), and a few drops soaked into her pantyhose on the way down from her shorts.

Jennifer: “Paige, I’m starting to pee in my shorts! I have to get to the bathroom, NOW!!”

Paige: “I just lost a little bit too. Luckily, I am wearing cotton panties, which absorbed most of my little mishap before it became a wet spot.”

Jennifer: “I should have thought of that…I am not wearing panties, and my accident is visible to anyone now. I can’t hold it anymore!! You gotta help me find somewhere to pee before my bladder bursts!”

Jennifer was now in a full pee-pee dance. Her hands were between her legs, and her thighs were squeezed tightly around her hands to help her apply desperately needed pressure to her urethra. Suddenly, the customer from table #5 called to Jennifer.

Table #5 customer: “Jennifer, could you get another pitcher of beer for my table, please?”

Jennifer: “You got it!”

As she hurriedly and frantically filled the pitcher, she was forced to take her hands out of her crotch. This made her urethra sting, and the pressure was as intense as she had ever felt it. She somehow willed herself back to table #5 without leaking anymore of her urine into her shorts.

Jennifer: “Here you go, sir.”

Table #5 customer: “You look like you are about to piss in your sexy little shorts, blondie.”

Jennifer: “I can’t believe we got so busy. I haven’t had a break and I really gotta go pee.”

Table #5 customer: “It doesn’t look like you are gonna make it to the bathroom in time.”

Jennifer: “What’s the matter with you? You’ve never seen a girl desperate to pee before?”

Table #5 customer: “Not as desperate as you…I am looking forward to seeing a grown woman like you pee in her shorts in front of everyone. If you can’t even hold in your pee, I’m going to report you and your weak bladder to your manager.”

Jennifer left the table frustrated, insulted, and desperately in her nether region. Her left hand was now buried inside her shorts and applying pressure directly to her aching, stinging pussy. She asked Paige to cover table #5 for the rest of the game, but Paige’s bladder was so close to exploding that she handed off that duty to another waitress (Candy). Candy needed to pee pretty badly as well, but she her bladder could hold off for a short while longer. Candy checked up on table #5 one time, but that was all she could do with all the customers she was serving.

Meanwhile, Jennifer was going to replace the beer she had spilled for table #5. Once she filled half of the glass with beer, she put the glass on the counter and crossed her legs once again. She had her right hand jammed inside her shorts as a final desperate measure to contain the overwhelming pressure she felt between her legs. Her sexy thighs were sore, and her bladder was seconds away from giving up. Jennifer pulled her shorts and pantyhose down to her knees and quickly reached for the glass, placing it between her legs right up against her aching pussy lips. She involuntarily unleashed a streaming jet of pee into the half-filled glass (glass = 1 US pint = 473ml), nearly filling it to the brim. She emptied half of it into another glass, and filled the final half with beer to make up for what she had spilled only a few minutes earlier. She then returned to table #5, still walking with her thighs pressed together and her legs crossed as she reached the table.

Jennifer: “I’m sorry for spilling some of your beer earlier. I brought you a new glass, on the house.”

Table #5 customer: “That’s a good thing, too. I was thinking about not paying my tab. Here, have this glass of beer that my friend didn’t want. If you don’t drink it, I’m still thinking about reporting your lack of bladder control to your manager.”

Jennifer: “Please, don’t do this! I’ve never had to pee so bad in my life!!”

Jennifer now had the upper hand, since she was able to release approximately 300 ml of her pent up pee when she filled this customer’s glass and transferred the remainder over to the next glass. She was still desperate, but her situation was much less perilous than it was only a couple of minutes earlier.

Table #5 customer: “DRINK IT!!”

Jennifer: “I really, really have to pee somewhere RIGHT NOW!” – Jennifer downs the glass of beer. She is somewhat relieved, but still in a very desperate state.

Jennifer returns to the bar. She pulls two more glasses out and gets them ready for some complimentary beer. She already filled the second glass one quarter of the way with the extra pee she had let out while filling up the first glass. Her anticipation to finally let out more of her pee, the additional alcohol consumed from table #5’s blackmail drink, and her severely weakened bladder made her leak into her shorts again. Jennifer’s shorts had soaked up all they could. This time, the squirt went right through her shorts, creating a small puddle on the floor between her legs.

Jennifer filled the next glass to the brim with impressive pressure and speed. The tremendous relief of having her shorts and pantyhose down, and relieving so much pressure almost made her orgasm into the glass, but she controlled herself….just barely. Stemming the flow once the glass was close to getting full was one of the most difficult feats she had accomplished so far, but she was overwhelmed with the joy of easing the pressure in her bladder. Jennifer filled three glasses nearly to the brim, gushing out 1300ml of pee in the process. She was able to make six glasses containing beer and her urine. Table #5 had a six-pack coming their way, compliments of the house. Jennifer returned to table #5. She continued acting like she was on the verge of losing bladder control, but only soreness in her bladder and crotch remained from the battle she waged against the ocean of urine her warm, tender pussy had contained for so long.

Jennifer: “Here you go, guys. I brought you guys six free beers for what happened earlier. Three of them are for you.” (Table #5 customer).

Table #5 customer: “That’s more like it. I knew you’d see things my way. You need to get your act together in the future, blondie. I’m gonna let you and your pathetic bladder slide this time.”

Jennifer just nodded her head in acknowledgment, scissoring her legs slightly and curtsying near the edge of the table like she needed to pee very badly.

Jennifer (desperation in her voice): “I’m g-g-glad we were able to work something out.”

As she hobbled away from the table, she returned to her full duties as she had before. She declined all beer offers for the remainder of the game. By the time the final buzzer ended on the last televised game, she was starting to get desperate again.

Closing Note: Paige was able to relieve her urgent need to pee a bit more easily than Jennifer did. One of the male customers noticed that she was on the verge of wetting herself. Her desperation was really turning him on, and he offered her $300 to pee in a pitcher for him. There was a catch. Paige had to sneak off into the men’s room and let the male customer pull her shorts and pantyhose down, hold the pitcher under her crotch, and watch her relieve herself from the first steaming jet to the very last trickle. He offered Paige an extra $100 to let him lick the last few drops, but she didn’t let him go that far. She let him pull her shorts, panties, and pantyhose back up for an extra $25. This is a lot more risque than the path Jennifer took, but Paige was flirting with the guy and took a daring chance. She was able to relieve herself in a bathroom, and the male customer got the opportunity of a lifetime.
