Title: Deception

By: Frodo

The designer was looking for small-breasted women, and George certainly qualified. Tall and willowy with smooth. white skin and long brunette hair, he was a perfect candidate for this year's androgynous look. And no one knew he was male. Not the agent with whom he had recently signed on when he had totally embraced female clothing, nor the tittering teens among whom he had donned the designer's latest gowns and streetwear in the tiny dressing room. The only problem was that he had to pee, and badly, and the only toilet sat squarely in the middle of the dressing area. The pubescent models giggled when they squatted on the porcelain throne in full view of all the others, but for George it was a real risk. So he just had to hold it.

This particular dress was split almost to the crotch, and George was grateful that he had put on a strongly elastic band that subdued his genitalia, which were small when flaccid though were capable of swelling to impressive proportions.

Even as he stepped in front of the camera, George felt an overwhelming urge to pee, and a tiny trickle was dispersed within the elastic material before he regained control. He moved and posed as the photographer directed, but another wave of urgency hit him and another squirt was absorbed by the band beneath. But now his crotch was decidedly wet.

The pressure within and the exercise of his urethral muscles had its usual erotic effect on him. George was becoming erect. At first the elastic band maintained its almost painful retention, but as his penis continued to assert itself, it began to move above its confines. Just as the photographer made a series of snaps, it popped out of its restraint and created an indecent bulge in the fabric of the dress. Everyone gasped as the offending wand poked through the sheer material and spurted liquid onto the floor.

In utter mortification, George ran for the dressing room. He shed the revealing dress, then grabbed his street clothing and only paused outside the back exit to relieve himself in the alley. Semi-naked and potentially in public view, he pulled on his slacks and blouse and sped for the safety of the subway. His deception had been revealed!

