I want to tell you about when I went shopping last night.... I was kind of dying to pee when I arrived – I came straight from work. I went to the local Coles’ (a supermarket here) and looked for a ladies, but couldn't find one! Not wanting to waste too much time, I went for the 'quick shop', and thought I could maybe get home. While I enjoy peeing in my panties, I am not usually a public person! Anyway, with a couple of minor 'drips', and a bit of holding and crossing my legs, I made it to the last aisle... But I had forgotten two things – so I went to the first and then the problem started! While walking to the next item, I bumped into a corner (trying to rush I suppose) and let out a bigger gush of pee... Then when I was trying to get that last thing (a packet of biscuits – I had friends coming over the next day), another even bigger squirt came out! It would not have been so bad if I had a skirt on, as there were not too many people there and no one in my aisle – but I had a pair of slacks on, and a patch appeared at the middle that was slowly growing! I undid my zipper and put my hand down, but all I got was more pee. Since no one was there I let go some more so I would survive on the way out. My slacks are black (work uniform), so it only showed if you looked carefully – though my shoes were squeaking and there was a little puddle under my legs. Anyway, I managed to get out, and if anyone noticed they did not make it too obvious – I planned to finish off by going behind my car in the car park, but there were two guys in the car two over having a chat! I would have been too obvious to squat, so I stood behind my car, acted like i was on the phone, and because they could only see my "top half" I just let it all go in my panties and slacks... I even managed to give myself a little rub between the legs, and left... Embarrassing as hell, but I must admit, I enjoyed it in the end! Somehow doing stuff like this in public makes the orgasm I have afterwards really good!
Jenny