Title: Cindy's Wet Evening

From: Fishaz

Post my stories as you see fit ---

Cindy looked in the rear view mirror and saw the blue and red lights flashing.

"Great," she thought, "perfect timing, I really have to pee." She pulled over to the side of the road and waited for the officer to come to her window.

"Ma'am can I see your license and registration?" He stood there, dark as night, silhouetted against the city lights in the distance. Out came her relevant documents, from her hands into those of the officer Dark, who took them to his car, and left Cindy to wait.

"I hope this doesn't take very long...." she thought, as the pressure in her bladder increased and began to throb. Cindy sat and waited....

And as we all know, it takes police officers quite some time to fill out those forms -- to sign them in triplicate and do whatever else it is they do to them. The officer Dark contented himself with his mysterious doings inside his car as Cindy waited....impatiently, nervously, fearfully.

Cindy squeezed the ole Kegel muscles till her little pelvis seemed about to implode.... but her pee was still aching to come out.... She wished she had worn a skirt which she could hike up and save herself the humiliation.... but she had worn, of course, her favorite tight blue jeans -- the ones that were tight in the crotch and rubbed her clit as she walked, and kept her wet all day.... But not as wet as she feared she was about to be.

"Officer," she called out her window at the humming, flashing vehicle behind her, "I, um, I really need to go.... can you please, um, take a little less time?"

No response. Cindy felt a twitch between her legs, as her pelvic muscles began to lose their valiant battle. "Oh God, I'm peeing in my pants," she murmured to herself in full Patches-esque form. And indeed, a tiny spurt of pee exited her urethra and was absorbed instantly by her tight white cotton panties that her illicit lover, Aquavite, had bought her for her birthday. "Aqua will be so cross with me."

And then, as these things happen, that first dribble of pee, gave rise to a second surge, as Cindy's hot pee poured out of her crotch, into her panties, and from there spread out to soak her whole pelvic area, and her upper thighs and her ass.... Cindy looked down as she saw the wet spot between her ripe, luscious sexy legs become bigger and bigger as her pee forced its way out of her, into her jeans, and onto the upholstered seat of her car. It felt so hot when it came out, bathing the seat of her pants in urine, as the smell of pee began to fill the car.... 

Cindy couldn't think of anything more humiliating than what was happening to her right then. In the end she decided not to fight it.... and then actually began to push her pee out into her jeans. Cindy always was an all or nothing kind of girl. She pushed and pushed as volumes of pee flooded out of her, wetting her legs, irretrievably soaking into the fabric and cushion of her seat.

She could hear the hissing of her piss surging through her jeans. Cindy startled herself in the realization that she was beginning to revel in the feeling of letting go and peeing in her pants. She started to like the warm wetness in her pants, the heady smell of piss in the car.... She began to rub her crotch, feeling the warm wet denim squish against her hardening clit....

"Ma'am, what are you doing?"

"Oh shit, nothing!"

"Pardon me ma'am?"

"Um, I mean, nothing, I was just looking for something."

"Please step out of the car."

Cindy was absolutely without words or thoughts. All she knew was that she was about to stand up in front of the dark, nameless officer, and present to him her wet, acrid, horny self. She wished she was somewhere far away.... But of course she wasn't, and did proceed to stand before the officer, face flushed, pants soaked. She felt little droplets of pee drip down her legs, into her socks.

"Have you spilled an alcoholic beverage in your lap, ma'am?"

"No, officer," said Cindy, face down, timid and highly embarrassed.

"Then what is it that spilled in your lap, ma'am? Have you had anything to drink tonight?" quoth the dark man silhouetted against the city lights.

"No, officer, I haven't had anything to drink tonight."

"Then what is that in your lap?"

"Pee," was all she could utter.

"Pardon me, ma'am?"

"It's pee, officer, I peed in my pants."

"Turn around, ma'am I need to verify this."

Cindy turned around to show the officer that she indeed had completely wet her tight jeans, as her shapely ass so aptly depicted the result of a wetting accident, and definitely not a beverage spillage incident.

"Can I please go now, officer. I was bad and peed in my pants, but it's not illegal is it? Please let me go home. Look, i'm wetting even more." And indeed, without her beckoning it, the last of Cindy's pee poured down her legs, and into her socks and shoes.

The dark and ominous officer gave her back her license and registration.

"Next time, use the bathroom and not your pants, ma'am. A young lady of your age shouldn't be having accidents."

And Cindy shuffled back into her car, head down, tight jeans soaked down to her feet, ashamed -- yet anxious to revisit her libidinous feelings that she had felt during her release in the car.

She started her car back up, and headed for home.... horny as all get out and soaked to the bone. Cindy had never felt quite like this before. But she was certain that the feeling was good.

Cindy pulled in to her driveway and waddled into her apartment where her boyfriend, A, was sitting, looking devastatingly handsome and brilliant, typing away at his powerbook. He was working on his Great American Porno Story that had been occupying him for months.

"Hi sweety! What happened? You're all wet...."

"I was bad and peed in my pants.... at first it was by accident, but then I don't know what happened and I started to go on purpose and I'm so sorry are you mad?"

"Of course not, sweetheart." A walked over to Cindy and held her in his arms. They stood like that for some time, with Cindy's head buried in A's shoulder.

"A?" said Cindy. "Yes, sweetheart?" answered her true Adonis of a lover.

"Will....will you rub me down there where I peed....?"

"Hmmmm.... what a novel notion," A grinned. "Of course I will, sweet thing. Lets just lie you down on the bed here, and get you a soft pillow for your head. Did Cindy have an accident?"

"Yes, I peed in my pants."

"Well, lets just see how much you peed...." And with that, A ran his hands down Cindy's face, down her soft breasts, down her tummy, to her crotch, which was very, very wet. He ran his hand down the fly of her tight jeans, down between her legs, and around to her very wet, very shapely, very delicious ass.... at which point he squeezed, and Cindy let out a moan.

A began to rub Cindy between her legs -- the source of all her wetness -- as he kissed her on the mouth, and their tongues intertwined, and watched her begin to cum....

"A, I think I'm gonna cum in my wet jeans! Help me cum!"

A obliged her, of course, and rubbed her pussy hard and slow through her jeans, while he kissed her and squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples. And then he unzipped her jeans and thrust his hand into her soaked white panties, and rubbed her clit in earnest, feeling her hot wet hard clit throb against his fingers.

"Oh, A, you are the hottest most amazing hugest hunkiest man I have ever known! I'm breaking it off with Aquavite. You're the only one for me!! AND....I'M....CUMMING!!!! OH! OOH! OH GOD! OOOOOOOOOOOH!! Oooh....mmmmmm......oooooooooooh....

"That was amazing," quoth a very contented Cindy. "Now I want you in me." "And I want to be in you, Cindy." A pulled out his huge 11" cock, and pulled down Cindy's soaked jeans and panties. And with her pants still at her ankles, A lay down over Cindy and entered her tight, hot, wet, slippery, delicious pussy. And there they made love, sweating, moaning, sighing.... and very, very wet.

THE END

Epilogue

If there is any woman in Southern California, who is pretty, sexy, slim, cuddly and sweet, who identifies with Cindy, and might enjoy having a similar experience, then email me. I would love to hear from you.

(I know personals are frowned upon in this forum, but allow me this, Monty? Thanks, we love you!)

