Title: Peeing for Pictures

By: Fluidity

This is as accurate an accounting as I recall of the only adult accidental wetting I remember.

It was a warm weekend day and I was determined to exploit the telephoto lens I had purchased for my camera. I was headed for the top of Twin Peaks, a pair of mountains which are south of and overlook the beautiful city of San Francisco.

As I drove up the winding road through the streets lined with houses I knew that after an hour and a half of driving in the late morning that my bladder was quite full and I should empty it before reaching the top. Fortunately a gas station came into view and I drove in. However there was something strange about this gas station, even as it was situated in what was clearly a very affluent section of town. It looked more like a fortress than a "service" station.

As were most stations, you had to pay in advance at the cashier. This cashier was behind a metal cage. Somehow I gathered that this station must have been the object of many stickups and the owner was responding.

I strode to the cashier and asked where the rest rooms were. "There aren't any." And that was it. There weren't any for the customers. This place was tighter than a tomb.

Well, fortunately I was in no way desperate, just a little full. I went back to my car with no fear at all of having plenty of time for the photo session. I felt my full bladder but it was not frantic to empty. You can tell the difference.

I drove on up to the top of Twin Peaks where there is a long stretch of angle parking overlooking a beautiful view of the city. I found a good place, parked, and went back to get out my tripod and camera. My plan was to set up the tripod, mount the camera on it, install the telephoto lens, and take a few pictures.

After getting out the camera bag, I reached down into the trunk of my car and lifted out my tripod. And then it happened. I was wearing tight jeans and the bending action must have put a brief additional pressure on my very full bladder. My sphincters were comfortably not under pressure and so were relaxed, or were able with little effort to hold my bladder back.

But suddenly I had this unique feeling that my bladder was leaking. Urine was flowing past my sphincters toward the outside world and freedom. The feeling was surprising, startling, and curious. I calmly and instinctively gave my sphincters the orders to cut it off! They responded quickly and cut off the flow, thereby squirting what had escaped and was "in transit" forcefully into my shorts.

Immediately after the dutiful response of my sphincters, I realized that my fears were not over. My bladder was leaking again; my sphincters had given a brief spasm of contraction and had then returned to their semi-relaxed state which had permitted the previous leakage, which was now recurring.

This sequence went on three or four times in a brief ten seconds or so, each squirt into my pants making a larger and larger wet spot that was growing on the crotch of my jeans.

Finally my sphincters regained control over my bladder, which was almost as full as before, but my hold-it muscles were poised to keep it under control. I had to decide what to do. Even looking down at the unmistakable wet spot on my jeans, I immediately proceeded to set up my camera.

People were waking up and down the sidewalk looking at the beautiful view and giving me and my wet crotch not even a glance. I was not seeking out evidence of others noticing my condition; I was content to bury my head in the sand of my photography venture. I took a dozen or so pictures and calmly disassembled the gear and stowed it into my garage.

I got back into my car carefully, fearful that the doubling-over to sit in the car might trigger another sequence of involuntary squirting. I knew that I needed to find a rest room soon, for I would not be able to withstand much more pressure. I drove down Twin Peaks, past the fortress gas station, and found one with an available toilet. I pissed myself empty and only my wet spot remained to contend with. I drove to a residential park, got out and lay on the ground with my crotch to the sun and was dry enough for appearances.

I was never aware of anyone seeing me during this entire episode. Consequently this story is not very thrilling, but it is accurate.

It is one of those many mundane events that alter and illumine our personal world.

