A number of decades ago back in Hungary, I lived in a basement room in the old district of the capitol city, Budapest. In my room, I had one of those low, street–level windows that are somewhat recessed into the outside wall, are always covered with grime and are hardly noticeable from the outside. I used to sit there peering outside at the legs of passers–by. In those days city woman still wore skirts. French panties, stockings and suspenders underneath was the norm. 
If I plastered my face against the window pain, and strained my neck, and a passer–by was obligingly near to my window, I could see up her skirt, see her white thighs over the stocking tops and sometime I could even catch a glimpse of her panties.
One summer evening when there was still plenty of daylight left but the traffic thinned out to almost nothing, I was ready to leave my post for supper, when I spotted a youngish woman two blocks away standing at the edge of the opposite side walk. She was waiting for some cars to pass so she could cross the narrow street. She was stomping her feet and made hurry–up gestures to the cars. I thought she was just impatient, when suddenly she made a half curtsy and grabbed her crotch giving her cunt a quick squeeze. The cars passed, she ran across the street and turned to her left toward my window. I strained my neck to see her. She came into my view again, walking with one hand jammed between her thighs, a desperate grimace on her face. When she noticed the recess in the wall, she cast a furtive glance left and right. She backed into the recess. I had a clear view up her skirt. I could see her nylons all the way up to her white thighs, her pink suspenders and pink silky panties. I could see the darkness of her pubic hair up passed the wide panty legs. She even helped me out by bending her knees into a half crouch and slightly bending forward from the waist. Her short skirt flaring out behind her. She made some moves to pull down her panties, then apparently changed her mind, perhaps thinking that with her panties down she would have to squat and become more conspicuous. At any rate, it was too late to worry about that because the pee started at full force. It ran out of her panties through both leg openings and splashed onto the side walk and onto my window glass. I couldn't see it, but I suppose someone had noticed her because she suddenly straightened up and closed herthighs, but she stayed in the recess and the pee kept on cascading down her legs. Her puddle grew right in front of my nose. I thought I could smell her pee through the window glass. I began contemplating to invite her in or something, when suddenly she stepped out of the recess and walked briskly away. It seemed that she wasn't quite finished, though. As she walked, she sprinkled droplets of pee behind her. 
The end (for now) Eugene