When Katie and Jill auditioned for the village pantomime, they had no idea what satisfaction they would derive from it. Both were reasonable actors, and very good looking, with the sort of figures that look great in costume. So they were not surprised when Jill got the part of the principal boy, "Jack," and Katie the part of "Alice". Now as everyone knows the story of PUSS IN BOOTS will remember, the story features Jack as the boy who becomes lord mayor of London, and Alice as Baron Hardups beautiful daughter who becomes Jack's Sweetheart. Rehearsals began, and the two girls found they had lots affectionate scenes together and one in which Alice declares her undying love for Jack, kissing him passionately. When eventually they came around to dress rehearsals, Katie was really taken with Jill's costume. She wore a very short leather jerkin which showed off her breasts, tight waist, then a length of a bare thigh showed above the top of a pair of long leather boots. The part of Alice called for a short simple dress, which just covered her panties. A few days before the show opened the pair decided that they needed to put some extra work on some of their scenes together. They arranged for access to the village hall and met one morning around eleven to rehearse. In one of the scenes, Alice was to throw her arms around Jack's neck from the side at an angle while kissing him, as a prelude to a dance routine. This Katie did with enthusiasm as Jill's costume was turning her on terribly, and as they continued she became very wet between her legs. Jill, although similarly affected, pretended to be unconcerned. When they paused for lunch, and Katie suggested going to the village local, Jill was a bit concerned that her short costume would show her panties, also quite damp. However they locked the hall and retired to the pub, for a ploughman's lunch, washed down with a few pints of shandy. Soon they were ensconced in a corner of the pub, eating and drinking as they talked about the show, enjoying the looks they were getting from the locals. By now Jill didn't care who saw her panties, and was flashing her legs for all to see. Katie, on the other hand, was making sure hers were not on view as she could feel a growing wet patch in the vee of her panties. If seen it would make people think she was either wetting herself or extremely turned on, which in fact would have been correct. Her bladder was full and she had been delaying going to the loo till they left the pub. Consequently she had leaked a little, besides being very turned on by Jill's flamboyant flashing. Beneath the table her hand was squeezing her cunt, through her wet panties. At long last, as they were leaving the pub, both girls went into the toilet. Katie sitting in the cubical with her panties round her ankles pissing so loudly that Jill could hear her in the next cubical. She was having difficulty with her thigh boots, she found it impossible to sit and pee, and was obliged to stand over the toilet with her panties pulled to one side directing her flow into the bowl. She was not totally successful as some of her pee ran down her leg into her right boot. Since she could not remove them unaided, this led to her squelching out of the cubical. "Oh shit" moaned Jill feeling the pee soaking round her foot. Katie, who was giving herself a vigorous wiping, stopped to enquire what was amiss. When Jill explained, Katie laughed that much she had to sit down again and pee again. Then after another energetic wipe she pulled her panties up and joined Jill. She sympathized with the other girl's plight; however, she observed "a pair of boots like that could come in useful, to a girl in a desperate situation." Jill gave her a knowing look and squelched out of the loo. As they made their way back to the village hall, Katie picked up the subject again. "I mean suppose you were desperate to wee while on stage, with a bit of ingenuity you could, let go right there and pee your pants in front of the audience without anyone knowing. Oh! If you did that while I was with you I think I would cream my panties. How deliciously naughty, how rude!" As everyone knows when a girl has had a very full bladder and delays peeing, after the first release, the need to pee again arrives very quickly. So it was that as the girls entered the warm village hall, and locked the door behind them. Then both headed for the ladies. Only to find that the key to that area was not on the key ring. They decided to go on the stage and complete their rehearsal anyhow and hold on till they went home. At least that was what they said to each other, even though both girls where aware of the highly sexually charged atmosphere emanating between them. As they commenced the scene, in which they danced almost glued together. Katie feeling Jill's thigh pressing against her, ground her fanny up against her friend's bare flesh, in an effort to prevent her peeing her self. Which to a degree it did. However, the stimulation of her clit through her (by now) wet panty crotch, was slowly exciting her beyond reason. Soon they ceased to dance and stood swaying clamped together. Jill aware of Kate's wet arousal and dying for some stimulation herself, took Katie's hand and placed it over her own itching vagina. Inducing a rubbing motion, "Oh Kate I am going to cum, and when I do I will wet myself on stage." Katie, who was in the same situation, rubbed Jill through her panties, while synchronizing her grinding against her friend's thigh. She felt Jill tense as her hand played in the torrent that poured through her partner's panties down into the left boot. While she was aware of the effect of Galleass orgasmic peeing, she was experiencing an incredible release of her own. The grinding motion against Jill's thigh had pushed the edge of her panties along the length of her vagina, till it titillated her clit to such a degree that as she screamed in her release, the contents of her bladder bust against Jill's right leg and down into her right boot. The pair remained together for some time like an orgasmic tableau framed by the stage lighting. Their reverie was suddenly shattered by an outburst of solitary clapping. Then they heard a voice they knew well, the producers "well done you two, but on the night I think we will have PUSS IN BOOTS not PISS IN BOOTS!" "Why thank–you kind sir, the two unabashed actors cried out together. Then stepping to the footlights took a bow with Jill's boots slopping pee and Katie's knickers plastered to her bum. They simultaneously drew their hands between their legs and licked their fingers, while leering at their audience of one.
Undine