Sarah sat on he tube train with her legs tightly crossed. In the long term, she reflected, things were going extremely well. In the weeks following her first frantic evening with Simon (see Sarah Stops Being Sensible – Part 1) they had had four more dates. On three of them (a girl can't be too predictable) she had got extremely desperate for the toilet and Simon had had to shepherd her to a ladies' lavatory. The relationship had gone swimmingly (so to speak) and after a couple of months they had decided to move in together. They had found quite a nice little flat right on the outskirts of North London (housing in London was a real problem), of which the only disadvantage was a long journey home. She and Simon got on really well together. They had met each other's families and everyone had liked everyone else. Simon's elder sister Lucy was staying with them at the present time.
In the short term there were problems. Well, one problem in particular. That lunchtime she had gone to the pub with some of her mates and had drunk two halves of lager. She hadn't visited the toilet all afternoon. In her former "sensible" days she always went to the ladies' before travelling home, even though the journey was then much shorter. But things were different now. By the time she had got on the tube she was very uncomfortable, and now, half an hour later, she was bursting. Anxiously she counted off the stations to her stop. She often got home quite desperate; if Simon was home before her, it seemed to excite him. Generally they would have rather lively sex before making their evening meal. But today Simon wouldn't be home till much later. And this evening things were considerably worse than usual.
At last the train got to her station. But it was when she stood up that the pain really kicked in. Now she really was desperate, very desperate. Of course there were no toilets on the station, and it was a good ten minutes walk home. Quickly she came out of the station, cursing the local council who had closed down the public convenience that used to stand next to the station and turned it into a boutique. Telling herself she could hang on she walked briskly down the street. When she was nearly home she met a neighbour who tried to engage her in conversation. She had to be almost rude in order to get away.
Eventually she got to her front door, and stood there, almost leaping from foot to foot as she fumbled for her key. Once inside, she slammed the door and made straight for the bathroom – not very far, as it was quite a cramped little flat. At last, at last, she pushed open the door and realised that the bathroom was occupied. (The lock was broken and they had not got round to fixing it.) As she stood there, almost doubled up in pain, she realised that Lucy was sitting in the bath.
She mumbled an apology, but her brain was racing. What could she do? The thought of retreating to the kitchen and finding a large bowl to use a chamber pot crossed her mind fleetingly, but before she could move Lucy spoke: "If you need a wee, come on in. It looks urgent. I shan't see anything I haven't seen before."
Sarah felt mildly embarrassed, but the pain was such that she would gladly have relieved herself on national television. She hoisted up her skirt, lowered her underwear and sat down. Scarcely had her buttocks touched the toilet seat when the stream began. It hissed and bubbled into the bowl, and just seemed to go on and on and on. For Sarah it was a feeling of absolute bliss, almost like an orgasm, after such a long period of agony. As the least few drops eventually emerged, she couldn't help whispering: "Yes! Yes! Yes!"
It was a tiny bathroom, and Lucy's face was only a few feet away. She grinned broadly, and said: "You look like you enjoyed that." When Sarah nodded, she went on: "I bet Simon would have enjoyed it too, if he'd been here."
Sarah must have looked absolutely flabbergasted. She knew that her being desperate excited Simon, and he knew she knew. But they had never actually discussed it in so many words. It was an intimate, unspoken secret between them. Yet Lucy seemed to know all about it. "How, How?" she mumbled, not quite knowing what to say.
Lucy smiled: "I'm his big sister. Men don't have many secrets from their big sisters." She went on: "Actually I think most men are like that. When my boy–friend took me out for a spin to show off his new car, we had to stop in the middle of nowhere so I could squat down for a wee at the roadside." She paused and gave a self–satisfied smile. "We're getting married next year."
"But remember Simon and Rosie and I all grew up together. I'm a still great friend with Rosie. So I can probably fill you in on a bit of background."
Sarah knew that Simon had had two previous girlfriends, Rosie and Amanda, but she knew very little about them. "If it wouldn't be breaching any confidences, yes please," she said. "I'd like to know a bit more about his earlier life."
Lucy grinned: "Toilets were made for confidences as well as for weeing," she said. "So this is the perfect place. There's a bit of information you ought to have."
Sarah wiped, flushed, straightened her clothing and sat down on the closed toilet lid. And Lucy began her tale: "As you know, we all grew up in the country. Simon, Rosie and I all knew each other from a very early age. So when we got to be teenagers, it was no surprise that Simon and Rosie became sweethearts. I was Rosie's best friend, so I had most of her confidences. No disrespect to you, but I always hoped they'd be a couple. But it wasn't to be. Rosie's got a very nice young man now, so everybody's happy.
"But let's get to the main subject. Growing up in the country is very different from living in a town. From a very early age we used to play in fields and woods – it was quite safe and our parents let us wander. If you needed a wee, you just ducked behind a tree – you certainly didn't trudge all the way home. And as we got older, we never seemed to break the habit.
"I suppose that seems strange to you. If you live in a town, you might have a wee in the park when you're six. But when you're sixteen you wouldn't dream of squatting down behind a bush. But we just carried on as we always had done.
"One result was that we never really developed any control. If we felt the urge, we went, wherever we were. So we had no practice at holding on. Rosie and I are both like that – we're still always getting caught short. Rosie's particularly bad – she doesn't seem to get any warning. One minute she's fine, and the next she's hopping about. We used to say she was like a car – zero to desperate in sixty seconds.
"And as Simon began to grow up, this was a paradise for him. Town girls tend to make a bit of a mystery of it – vanishing away into the privacy of the ladies' loo. But he was used to seeing Rosie do what she had to – and he loved it.
"But then everything changed. Neither Rosie nor I went to university – but Simon did. He moved up to London for his studies, and of course things began to change quite rapidly. He made new friends and developed new attitudes. Of course, in the beginning Simon and Rosie had sworn to be true to each other. She used to go up to London and stay with him for weekends.
"But she was a country girl at heart. Simon had taken to London life like a fish to water, but Rosie couldn't get on in the big city. The first day when he was showing her the sights she was on the point of squatting down for a wee behind a car in broad daylight. Simon had to stop her – and then he had to find her a public toilet in double quick time. He got to be quite an expert at locating ladies' toilets. You may have noticed it's one of his more useful skills.
"And as I've said he started making new friends. In particular there was Amanda. She was the exact opposite of Rosie– very sophisticated, very bright student and a star of the college dramatic society. At first they seemed to be just mates – they were on the same course, but as time went on you could see they were getting closer and closer. And she was clever. She could read Simon like a book, and it didn't take her long to know all his little likes and dislikes. And then she exploited them. I'm sorry, I tried to be friends with Amanda because she was Simon's girl, but I always hated her – and always will.
"Anyhow, things came to a head one Saturday night when Rosie was up in London. Amanda was always very friendly to Rosie, and she suggested they go up to the West End as a threesome and spend an evening in a pub. Simon's room was right out in the outskirts, and it was quite a long train journey.
"So off they went and they were having a great time, drinking and talking. And then all of a sudden Amanda said: 'Oh my God, look at the time. The last train goes in a few minutes. We've got to leave, right now.' So Rosie said: 'I must go to the ladies' before we leave.' And Amanda said: 'Sorry, but you can't, not unless you want to walk all the way home. We'll have to hang on.' Notice she said 'we', suggesting she needed to go too, although when Rosie looked back on it, she was pretty sure that Amanda had been to the toilet only a few minutes earlier.
"So they all rushed to the station and just got the train. But with the running poor old Rosie was bursting for the toilet. When they sat down she was wriggling about in desperation. Amanda was trying to comfort her, saying she was just as desperate. And she did put on quite a show of it, bouncing about and then sticking her hand into her crotch. But when Rosie told me about it later, she reckoned this was just Amanda putting her acting skills to good effect. Two girls he both fancied, and both of them desperate at the same time – Simon must have thought all his Christmases had come at once.
"The train seemed to take for ever, and Rosie was getting more and more frantic. Now to be fair, Amanda was being as nice as pie, and doing her best to comfort her. She kept promising her that as soon as they got to their station, they would be able to go to the toilet there. Rosie just kept looking at her watch and counting off the stations. Both girls were now sitting on their feet and holding themselves in absolute agony.
"At last they got to their station and they both piled off. Rosie was almost delirious at the thought that she would be able to wee within a few moments. Now of course she was a country girl, and she didn't know that in London they always shut the station toilets in the middle of the evening. Amanda, of course, must have known that very well. Simon must have known too, since he had become quite an authority on ladies' toilets. But I think he probably didn't want to upset Rosie even more by telling her, and in any case Amanda had been whispering to Rosie, and he probably didn't like to intrude.
"Anyhow, Rosie spotted the sign for the toilets and ran down the platform, only to find it was locked up. And as you know, if you've been thinking you're going to be able to go in a minute and then find out you can't go after all, it becomes almost uncontrollable.
"Amanda ran after Rosie and caught her up, pretending to be surprised that the toilets were closed. 'Oh dear, we'll have to hang on,' she said, "it's only about ten minutes till we get home.' She had a room in the same house as Simon. She put her arm round Rosie to comfort her, and the two girls did a little pee–pee dance together.
"Then they set off walking as quickly as they could. Rosie was really at bursting point now, and if there had been anywhere she could squat down with just a little bit of privacy, she would have done. But it was a broad, well–lit street with lots of people about. And Rosie was experiencing desperation of a sort she had simply never known before.
"The pain was coming in waves, each one worse than the last. And finally, when they were still a few minutes from the house, she was struck with an absolutely irresistible need. She had already leaked a few drops into her knickers, but this was different. The floodgates opened and there was no way of closing them again. The wee came pouring out into her knickers, down both legs of her jeans, and all over her shoes. Although the other people on the pavement tried to look away, there could be no doubt that everybody could see that she was standing in a pool of urine, and that her clothes were soaked. She broke down and cried and cried.
"Amanda was wonderful. She did her best to comfort her, telling her that anyone could have an accident and saying how unlucky she had been. When they got to the house she took Rosie into the bathroom, helped her clean up, lent her some spare clothes. Her own need for the toilet seemed to have vanished for the moment, something Rosie didn't notice at the time in her distress, but which later made her very suspicious.
"Simon seemed rather overwhelmed by the whole thing. That night he let Rosie have the bed to herself, and slept in a chair in the next room. At the time she thought he was just being considerate. But they never shared a bed again."
Lucy looked at Sarah, still perched on the toilet seat, listening with fascination to this tale of her boyfriend's past. "It seems Amanda had discovered something about Simon. Something very important, and if you haven't found it out yet, you'd better take note of this.
"Amanda was very sharp. She'd probably been desperate – for real or acting – when she was with Simon, and discovered his tastes. And then she'd probably asked one or two probing questions. The point is, seeing a woman who's desperate to go to the toilet excites Simon– the more desperate the better. But he can't stand the idea of a woman actually wetting herself. When he saw Rosie in a pool of her own water, he was disgusted. That was why he couldn't bring himself to get into bed with her after he'd seen it. And when Rosie told me the story – she was pretty upset, being humiliated and then bounced – we were both sure that Rosie had set the whole thing up.
"Anyway, within a few weeks Simon and Amanda became an item. When he came home at the next holidays he was very kind to Rosie – he's not a cruel man – but he made it quite clear that it was over. He and Amanda were together for about four years. Then she got the offer of a job in South America. She wanted Simon to go with her, but he didn't want to give up his own job. So they separated. And then the lucky man found you.
"So remember, get desperate as often as you like. Simon loves it. But don't take any risks. Always leave yourself a bit of a margin. One accident could be the end of a beautiful friendship. And if Amanda ever shows her face again, watch out. She's a sly one, and a menace.
"And now give me a bit of a privacy to get dry. There isn't really room for two in this bathroom."
As Sarah went to the kitchen to start preparing dinner, she had plenty of food for thought.
By: Jay–Gee