Julie 9: Tricked

By Dickie: July 1998 

This is a "Julie" story I wrote right back at the beginning. I have not sent it in before as it did not seem to fit in to the sequence that was becoming established. It has a certain lightness of detail which my later stories do not have but I still rather like it so I thought I would send it in anyway. ENJOY

TRICKED

One Saturday in July. Julie and I were invited to an 'al fresco' meal in the garden of her boss. These people were, she said, a bit straight but had to be entertained for reasons of her career. It was a sunny lunch time and a magnificent meal was laid out in an alcove on a broad terrace.

To do Julie justice I was dressed up in my light cotton suit. Julie too was looking unusually respectable in pale blue jeans and a pretty frilly blouse. Her 'friends' were two couples all smartly dressed in a very conventional manner, the women in high necked summer dress and the men in light slacks and golf shirts. They were introduced to me as John Watson, Julie's immediate boss, Sandra, his wife, Mary, their daughter and Peter, Mary's 'Fiancee'

The people acted as stuffy as they looked. Before we got beyond the soup I had already been regaled with a lecture about the awful amount of sex on television from Sandra, while Mary had told me that sex before marriage was a sin and how she and Peter was happy to wait and keep sex for its proper purpose, 'begetting children'.

The conversation wandered around such exciting subjects as the work of 'the department' and where we were going for our holidays. One compensation was that they were not stuffy about drink and several bottles of wine disappeared in quick succession. This produced the inevitable result and I began to feel that I really had to piss. 

Going to the bathroom involved Julie getting up to let me past as I was boxed into a corner, at the 'foot' of the table. I was about to make an excuse when I heard the familiar sound of running piss and saw Julie stiffen in her seat. Under the table she took my hand and pressed it between her legs. Her jeans were soaked and she was sitting in a deep pool which had filled the bowl of the plastic chair. She whispered to me that there was no way she was getting up and revealing her wetness so I would just have to hold it until the meal was over and she could sneak away to our car and change into 'something cooler'.

I was in agony. My desire to piss was multiplied tenfold by her wetting herself beside me and yet she wouldn't let me up. Further if I did what I most wanted and went where I sat there would be no hiding that we were both wet. Our hosts, despite having drunk rather more than we had, showed no signs of making for the loo themselves and were into a deep discussion about the propriety of women wearing tight leggings without skirts, a fashion which both women deplored, the men stated their agreement while looking as though they were turned on by the idea.

Sheer willpower enabled me to hold out for another half an hour as Sandra served the sweet from a side trolley without getting up and Peter kept the wine flowing from the cooler by his seat. Finally I could hold it no longer and a spurt, small but probably enough to show, forced itself out. I cramped my legs together hard. Julie then, still under the cover of the table, put her hand between her legs, dipped it in her pool of piss and grabbed my balls. This was the last straw and I was about to release my all and damn the consequences when Peter got up. I made a supreme effort and stopped the flow. Watching me Peter walked a few paces from the table and turned back towards the group. He said.

"Sorry Julie to spoil your secret but I simply can't do it sitting down". As he spoke he released a great flood of piss into his slacks and then, calm as a cucumber, came and sat down again.

They were all staring at my face, which must have been showing an enormous range of emotions. 

Then Mary, the supposed virgin, who was sitting on my other side, said "hold it a little longer Ronald" and grabbed my hand pressing it into her crotch, which proved to be as wet as Julie's. I was finding it easier to hold on now as I had an enormous erection and was on the verge of coming. She continued "Hold everything until you can get it inside me" She almost dragged me out of my chair and Julie got up to let me out giving me a beautiful view of her wet ass and a new cascade pouring down the back of her legs.

"Holding it until I could get inside Mary was not to be however, bladder pressure overcame my erection and my piss now flooded out totally uncontrollably, soaking my underwear, pants socks shoes, everything. I just stood there and peed and peed a broad grin on my face.

Mary guided me over to a reclining seat and pushed me down into it, she then lifted up her demure summer dress, which had a big wet patch on the front, to reveal long frilly Victorian open crotch knickers. By the time she had lowered her self onto me I had unzipped and was ready for her. I quickly came to a climax and exploded inside her as she shuddered with an almost instant orgasm. I followed my ejaculation with the contents of my still pretty full bladder as soon as my prick was soft enough to let it out. She peed again at the same time and we were soon deliciously soaked.

In my sudden excitement I had all but forgotten her parents, her fiancee and Julie. Now I looked round to the sound of their enthusiastic applause. They were standing in a circle all laughing, until they literally pissed themselves.

"Happy birthday Ronald" laughed Julie, "I know it's not 'till tomorrow but you would never have agreed to visit four stuffy prudes on your birthday".

She then explained that her friends were not really from work but that she had met them through an ad on femaledesperation and they had planned it all together. Their relationships were not at all as it had been presented either. None of them were related and John was Mary's lover not her father, and Peter was Sandra's partner. "Not that we always stick to the 'May to September' routine" added Peter, "it started like that but we often swap over".

"It's a terrific arrangement" said John "We all work hard and have to go away on business a lot. This means that nobody has to sleep alone when they are at home".

While he was talking he started undoing Julie's belt and peeling off her wet jeans. This started a general round of mutual undressing. Sandra undressed me while her already well fucked 'daughter' watched licking her lips. Then John and Peter shared the job of removing the rest of Julie's clothes. 

Julie then returned the compliment, removing a garment from each of them in turn. Sandra and Mary returned to their pose of respectable prudery, sitting up straight with their wet skirts neatly pulled down over their knees, while I was made to sit, naked, between them. For this Julie produced a camera and snapped the three of us sitting in a row.

Julie didn't stop at stripping our male hosts, she then fucked Peter on the chaise lounge at the same time as giving John an expert blow job.

At last it was my turn. What should I do? Remove their clothes turn about or give each in turn my exclusive attention? Well I already knew all Mary's secrets so I turned my attention to her 'mother.'

First I explored the territory, stroking her feet and removing her 'sensible' shoes. Then I got her to stand up while I examined her. As I moved up her body things got less and less 'sensible'. Underneath her demure dress was a bright red lace petticoat and her stockings were supported by floral garters. As I raised the petticoat further I was treated to a view of the most luxuriant bush of pubic hair I have ever seen. "That's why I never wear knickers" she said "they would have to be enormous to contain it without squashing it." 

Before I continued with the undressing I just had to give such a magnificent growth the attention it deserved. Sandra spread her legs and then arranged her skirt over my head in mock modesty as I buried my nose in the thickness of her bush while my tongue sought her sopping wet cunt below. She ooed and aahed for some time as I worked away. Meantime somebody, and I couldn't see who with my head totally enveloped in skirt and petticoat, began giving me an expert hand job from behind.

Eventually she came, peeing again all down my chin at her moment of climax. This excited me so much that I disentangled myself from the unknown fingers and lifting her skirts high entered her to explode almost at once with my second terrific climax of the day following it with the contents of my now refilled bladder.

Coming up for air I looked around. Julie was now being fucked by John, standing up in the swimming pool. Peter stood on the diving board surveying the scene and exhibiting a monster erection. 

I grabbed both 'mother' and 'daughter' by the hands, ran towards the pool and leapt in glorying in an explosion of floating flapping dresses as they entered the water beside me. I then swam around them removing first one layer and then another, dresses, bra's, petticoats, Mary's Victorian drawers, until they were both naked. 

We messed around in the pool and lay in the sun for the rest of the afternoon enjoying each other's company and bodies in a more relaxed way compared with the early orgiastic frenzy. Because it was early in the year and the sun was strong we all dressed again after a while and swam in our clothes. We had also drunk so much at lunch, and so many minerals and iced tea later to sober up, that we were continually pissing, always in out clothes and often on each other.

After this incredible birthday surprise I am at a bit of a loss to think of an escapade to match it and it's Julie's birthday in 6 weeks, time. Whether it's a big set piece with our new friends, or merely some quiet, wet fun I am looking forward to it. Wetting myself in anticipation one might say.

(C) Dickie 1996-98

