My Sister's Secret

Posted by Tinker, September 1995 

(Just plain standard story. No super-erotical romantic fantasies about an angel girlfriend. I guess I get too sad when returning to reality in such a case. As almost always, thanks to Kimberly for kicking my ass on English.)

I had fallen ill that morning at school, so I returned home before lunch and stayed half in my bed and half in the bathroom for the early afternoon. I suppose it must have been something I had eaten or something like that, because the illness went away fairly quickly. So by about two o'clock, I felt well enough to assure my mother that she could go out and do some shopping for dinner. I stayed in my room, reading some old magazines and prepared to spend the rest of the day doing nothing at all. 

About half an hour later, I heard the gate in the backyard being opened and looked out of my window on the first floor. It was not my mother returning, but my big sister, coming back from high school. I always returned from school much later than she did. She pushed her bike into the shed and then noticed that my mother's bike was not there. For some reason, she dashed towards the back door and seemed to confirm that it was closed. Of course it was---my mother would never leave it open without somebody downstairs. But my sister had her own key, so she could always let herself in. 

I expected her to do just that, but instead she went back to the shed. Oh, she had forgotten to bring her bag with her. Strange, first running out to check the back door if you could carry the bag with you right away. And what now? To my surprise, I saw her leaving the little garden path to the back door, and casually walking through the flower beds. The seam of her skirt slowly brushed the tops of the flowers. Then she halted in the middle of a bed of medium-sized red flowers which name I don't know. She quickly looked around, and then fixed her eyes on our back gate.

For about ten seconds, she just stood there, motionless, her hands clutching her bag in front of her chest. Then I seemed to see her gasp, I'm not sure of that. As if in a reflex, my sister glanced down to her feet, and then fixed on the gate again. She firmly closed her eyes and looked as if she pushed hard, very strange. Now she moved her feet a bit, still with her eyes closed, and I could see a smile appearing on her face. Soon, her eyes opened up again, and shortly after that, she proceeded further through the flower bed towards the back door. 

I waited for her on the top of the stairs. She seemed shocked when she discovered that she was not home alone. "Hi sis. I've been at home today because I was ill at school. What was your day like?" She mumbled something and scrambled past me, into the bathroom. Strange again. If she had to go that bad, why not use the toilet downstairs? I shrugged and returned to my room. 

When sis left the bathroom and went downstairs again, there was something silly that struck me. I had heard water running, but no toilet flush. I had to go myself, so I had been waiting for that familiar sound. When it did not come, I went into the bathroom, only to discover that the toilet had not been used at all. I got curious. What had my sister been doing there, if it was not going to the toilet? She had washed her hands alright, but that was no reason for scrambling up the stairs either. 

I forgot my intention to go myself and curiously looked around our bathroom. Everything seemed normal. All our girl's pre-shower, shower, and after-shower stuff was in its place, my father's after shave was there, our tooth brushes... the clothes hamper... the towels... everything perfectly alright. What could she have been doing in here? More by instinct as by conscious thought, I opened the clothes hamper to look inside. Nothing special. I could see my own clothes on top. Hum... I thought I had put in my skirt *after* my sweater, hadn't I? Yes I had. Somebody had turned over the clothes in the hamper. What for? I started to dig in the pile, two days' worth of laundry. And then, I found the reason for my sister's strange behaviour. 

At the bottom of the hamper I spotted a pair of her white cotton panties. Nothing special would normally have attracted my attentionf me. Wet alright. Just in the crotch area and between the legs, to a good deal up the cheeks. And given the slight yellow colour and the smell, it was not from water. It looked suspiciously like my big sister had been wetting her panties on the way home. But how had see been sitting on her cycle then? Her skirt had no stain on the back, I was sure. Slowly something dawned on me. I remembered my sister strolling through the flower bed, and standing still for a minute or so. The idea was outrageous, of course, but it seemed the only possibility. 

I carefully looked back at the panties. Yes, it was a sure sign of a good pee, and right in them too. While standing up. And now I looked closer, I noticed a very faint area of yellowish stain an inch around the wet material, and this was dry. I started to blush. Had my sister wet herself not one, but two times in these panties? Maybe even more, given some suspicious overlapping areas? I had to know. I went back to the clothes hamper and dug for the other pair of panties that should be there. It was, navy blue this time. My sister and me prefer white panties, but under our short skirts we usually wear coloured ones, and yesterday my sister had worn her mini. With trembling fingers I took the pair out and examined them in front of the window. It was difficult to see, but here I could discern a faint, slightly darker stain as well, extending way up her ass this time. And the smell told me that it wasn't just my imagination. My sister had wet herself under her mini as well, I was sure. 

I stuffed her spoiled panties back into the hamper and went to my room, feeling puzzled. How strange this was. Why would my sister wet herself like a baby, when she obviously could hold it if she wanted to? These had been no accidents, given what I had seen her doing in the garden. She just stood there and did it in her panties, absolutely deliberately. I let myself fall forward on my bed and put my head on my hands. Strange, strange. Would she do this every day, weeing in her panties before coming home? She could not do it at the college, of course. Or could she? With a skirt, nobody would notice, but she could not sit down afterwards. Maybe she could with her mini. Her blue panties had been wet in the back... but why would she DO it? I rolled on my back and looked at the ceiling. Why? 

At that moment, sis came in with a cup of tea. She put it down next to my bed and asked how I felt. Reasonably well, thanks. Thank you for the tea. Yes, I could go to school tomorrow. No, that would be fine. Just as fine as she would be, going to college again. I swallowed. Would she already *plan* to wet herself tomorrow? What if I asked her? I started to blush again. My sister noticed this. "Hey, you look like you have a fever. Are you sure you should go to school?" I shrugged. "Just as sure as you'll be wetting yourself tomorrow." It just slipped out. 

My sister blinked and her jaw dropped, but she quickly recovered. "What? What do you mean?"

"What I said. I suppose you will wee in your panties again tomorrow, after college. Just as today and yesterday." She now clearly felt uncomfortable, so I was right. "But how... how do you know? I mean, what on Earth makes you think that?" I nodded towards the bathroom door: "Your wet underwear in the hamper. And I saw you watering the plants in the garden not a quarter of an hour ago." My sister muttered "shit" and looked away. She fell silent. 

After a few seconds, I just asked her: "Why do you do it? There's no need to wet yourself and have wet panties. And why don't you always change your underwear after spoiling it?" She swallowed. "Well... I don't really know... I just like it, I suppose."

"LIKE IT? Weeing in your panties and you like it?"

"Yes. It's a very nice feeling, and I get... um... excited by it." Excited? Like from a thrilling movie? "No... not exactly... more excited like... you know... from boys." I widened my eyes. Aha, THAT type of excited. I see. 

"But... how did you find out all this? I mean, you did not get the idea to wet yourself out of thin air, didn't you?" My sister sat down on my bed and shook her head. "No, I did not. I found out. It was sorggled on for another mile and then tripped over a rock. Wham! Before I noticed, I did a spurt into my panties. No enough to drip through, fortunately, and I wore a skirt so there was nothing visible to be ashamed of. I just got up on my feet and continued walking with a wet spot between my legs. Of course I still needed to pee badly, and given that I now already had wet my underwear, I thought, what the hell." 

"At the first suitable moment, I moved away a bit from the group and released a second spurt. I felt it go into my panties and creep backwards. It also was a great relief. So I did another spurt, and another, which caused a nice, warm feeling between my legs. And my skirt hid it all! Then I felt a drop going down my left leg, so I stopped walking for a moment and considered my options. I still had to pee, more than ever. I couldn't squat, not even with my panties still on and my skirt down, because it would attract immediate attention.

So I could either struggle on or keep standing up and let it all go under my skirt. Wetting myself completely seemed not to bad at that moment. I had bare legs and wore a light summer skirt with open shoes. Before I knew it, I started weeing heavily into my panties, and I even had to part my feet a little to save my shoes from the shower. When I felt I had released enough, I stopped weeing in my panties, and caught up with the rest. Nobody had seen anything. It felt strange, walking with obviously soaked underwear under my skirt, but it was not unpleasant." 

"In fact, as I walked on, I recalled the particular sensation of weeing in my panties while standing up, and found that it had been pleasant to say the least. Apart from the relief, the feeling of warmth sloshing around my crotch was just very exciting. So within a mile, I found myself lagging a bit behind the group again, and soon I was enjoying the view with my legs spread out under my skirt in eager expectation. It took only a few seconds to begin. Two boys had joined me to look at the scenery as well. They did not notice anything! While I was wetting myself deliciously under my dress, they went on, wondering what was so special about the view. This time I kept weeing until the last drop had passed into my panties. I shuddered and went after the group, my panties sopping away in secrecy. Nobody ever found out that I had been wetting myself three times that day!" 

I had been listening silently and hesitated for a moment. I had expected something, but not this. "So... after that day, you started to wet your panties on purpose?"

"Yup. Once in a while, I would get in the mood and go out and just do it. It would dry quickly enough and it always was great fun. Especially when it was raining, because then I could do it everywhere. I often got home wet *under* my rain coat." I nodded. "And so you started to do it more and more?"

"Well, no. Only the last few weeks, I have been indulging myself like this. It must be the stress of the exams coming closer." 

"And how did you do it yesterday, with your mini skirt?" Sis smiled. "With a mini, I always have more fun. I usually forget to keep my knees together all the time, so I'm sure that the boys often look at my panties. I don't mind, it's just plain blue fabric they can see. But when I want to wet my panties, I get *very* conscious of my little skirt, and take great care to cover my panties up. When I am sure nobody can see them, I just start spurting, and when the gushing starts, I squat with my arms around my knees. I don't dare to keep standing up with such a waterfall between my legs.

For a minute, I just wee hard into my panties, which gives a truly great feeling. When it is all over, I drip out for a moment and then I carry on like nothing has happened. Of course I will keep my panties covered for an hour or so. After that, you don't notice the stain any more when you just look between my knees. I still take care not to bend over forward too much, though. That would be too much of a giveaway. Although I don't know what a boy would do if he spotted me wearing wet panties. I should try once, I think." 

Another silence fell. I looked at nothing in particular, fumbling for something appropriate to say. But it was my sister asy! Believe me, you ought to try it, really. It is very simple and even if you don't like it, you just pull on new panties and that's it. Come on, let's do it." She jumped off my bed and went downstairs, leaving me behind. Slowly I got up and followed her, not sure what to do at all. Wetting my panties? 

I caught up with my sister in the garden, where she had been looking for a suitable place. "Right. Just stand in the middle of the lawn, that would be best for the first time." I still wasn't sure about it all, but slowly walked to the spot she indicated. "Great. You're wearing a very nice dress for this occasion, sissy. Now stand still and feel your pee coming up. You need to pee, I hope?" I nodded. I remembered I had wanted to go for some time already. But doing it in my dress? 

"Just wait. It will happen if you want it. Your dress makes it absolutely inconspicuous as long as you don't do anything silly. Even if mum comes back, she won't notice what you're doing. Now, are you ready?" I shrugged. A strange tension had come over me. It was some kind of excitement, rather pleasurable. The kind you feel when doing something naughty. Or no, something else, but I was not sure exactly what it was. But I liked it. Well, would I do it? Sis was right, it would be very straightforward to wee through my panties under my dress. And if it was as much fun as she claimed indeed... it should be worth a try. I needed to pee badly. 

"Alright sis, what will I feel when I start?" Her face lit up: "So you will try it? Great! Well, you feel nothing special at first. It feels just like doing a normal pee. But quickly after you start, you feel something warm and pleasant between your legs, something that goes everywhere. Everything under your dress will get hot and wet, and then you'll feel it coming down your legs. I usually either squat or part my legs at that time. But you could take off your socks and shoes, so that it would be even more fun." I nodded and pulled up my left leg to remove my sock and shoe. Then my right leg. I now was completely bare under my long dress, except for my panties of course. My toes dug deep into the fresh grass. 

"I think I will keep standing up. Squatting to wee in my panties seems silly. You are sure I can just start like this?" I looked down to my dress, that flowed nicely down my legs and felt very comfortable. I liked wearing dresses; they gave you a sense of freedom, much better than trousers. But I had never thought about this kind of freedom before. "Yes, you can just start. You don't need to do anything special. Just push and make your panties wet, and after that, start weeing normally. And don't forget to enjoy it!" 

Easily said. `Just push...' Ever tried to wee into your clothes before? It takes more than a few second thoughts and deep breaths. But eventually I decided that I would give it a try. "Okay sis. I'm gonna do it. Wait and see." I swallowed and took a last breath. Then, just as she had told me, I started to push and felt it coming. 

It came quicker than I had expected after all. While I silently looked down at my dress, I felt that I started to pee, and with my toes curled, I pressed firmly, against all my instincts. There! A firm gush of hot wee poured out into my panties and drenched them right away. I gasped and looked at my sister. "I've wet my panties, I think. You're right. It does not feel very strange at all. Just warm and comfy." Sis nodded approvingly and encouraged me to go on. "Now just start weeing and enjoy it. Don't worry about your dress, it's perfectly safe." 

I took another breath and pressed again. With a now clearly distinguishable hot spot deeply under my dress, I proceeded to wee in my panties for real. Quickly it was streaming out in powerful bursts, and I felt it spread around my crotch, between my legs, creeping up over my bum... it went everywhere. I kept checking my dress, no matter what sis told me. But she was right. It did not show at all, and it felt great. I wanted more. Pressing harder and harder, I threw out everything I had into my panties. It came down both my legs in a hot waterfall, and splattered on the top of my feet. My sister giggled. "You get rather carried away with it, don't you?" she asked.

I smiled. "You're right, sis. It feels very, very good. Warm completely warm and wet under my dress, legs included. I tightened my thigh muscles to feel as much of my wet sticky panties as possible. The wonderful feeling was not comparable to anything else, and certainly not to wearing a wet swim suit. Wet panties under a dry dress were infinitely more exciting, especially when you were still weeing into them. And nothing showed! If I had put my legs a bit apart, my feet wouldn't even be wet! I felt the urge to push my hands into my crotch, but that would have spoiled my dress, so instead I crossed my thighs and pressed hard, rhythmically. This was even more fun! 

Still looking down, I now felt the end coming, and with a last firm push I gushed out another wave of warm comfort. I felt almost sorry that it was over. Dripping and heavily breathing, I stood there for half a minute or so, enjoying the immense pleasure. How strange that such a simple, naughty thing as wetting my panties under my dress could be so wonderful. At last, I slowly tore away from the spot on the lawn, and made a tour through the garden. My wet feet would have left trails on the pavement, so I kept to the grass instead. It felt great to wear completely wet panties while just running around, for everybody to see. But eventually, reality took over and I rushed inside to change my panties. 

In the bathroom, I couldn't keep myself from first inspecting my dress in the mirror, and then hiking it up to look at my panties. As expected, they showed a nice dark stain in the front and the back, just as my sister's. Nice, very nice. I slid my finger down between my legs and shuddered from delight as the moist, slippy fabric tickled my sensitive skin. I tickled myself for a while, but then remembered that my mother could come home any moment now. Reluctantly I took my wet panties off and threw them into the clothes hamper. After a quick cleanup (not that there was much to clean up though), I went downstairs to see my sister. We talked excitedly about this new exciting game, and did so until my mother returned. I was really very glad that I had fallen ill that morning, all things considered. 

