Vicki
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

Vicki was without doubt the most attractive girl I ever dated. It took me a while to get enough courage together to ask her out. She was fair-skinned, blond and had the bluest eyes I have ever seen. And of course, she had fabulous legs!

One day in the middle of summer, our department had a picnic. Both of us went to it, and I afterwards I asked her if she wanted a ride back to the to the college. During the ride back I asked her if she would like to go out for supper, and she said yes, and asked if we could stop by her place so as she could change. She came back out of her room wearing a blue denim mini skirt, which was quite tight, showing the curves of her slender hips and thighs. I guess during the meal it was clear the attraction between us was mutual, for our hands touched several times, and she held my gaze. I had been taking some videos during the picnic, and she asked me when she could see them. I invited her back to my place after the meal.

"How far is it to your place" she asked as we walked out to my car, "I really should have used the washroom in the restaurant!" she added in a slightly embarrassed tone.

"It's only about five minutes away" I added.

"Oh, I'll be OK then" she laughed.

While we were driving back, we held hands. A few blocks from the restaurant, we got caught in a traffic jam up due to an accident. We were stuck there for about five minutes. I could sense Vicki's growing sense of urgency, for she leant forwards slightly, squeezing her free hand between her knees. She squirmed around a little as she groaned softly under her breath.

"Are you OK" I asked as I glanced over at her.

"I should have gone to the washroom in the restaurant when I had the chance;" she said quietly, "How much longer do you think we will be?"

"Only a few minutes" I said, "The traffic is starting to move now."

In a couple of minutes we were at my place. As I was opening the door, Vicki stood there, squeezing her legs together and hoping up and down a little. I grabbed her hand and we quickly ran upstairs.

"There's someone in the washroom" I lied, noticing that the door was shut, as we went into my room.

"Oh no" she whimpered in desperation.

I held her hands and drew her close to me. Gently we kissed, then Vicki stiffened in my arms. "I want you to hold me" she said plaintively, "but I simply have to go!"

"I don't want to let you out of my arms" I whispered "Even if you wet your panties."

"It's your carpet!" she giggled.

"And your panties!" I whispered back as I held her even closer. "Actually, I don't want to let you go--especially--if you wet your panties!"

Vicki didn't say anything for a moment, then she looked up at me saying: "OK, this is your last chance, I'm about to lose control!"

I quickly grabbed some towels which were lying on a shelf, and spread them on the floor in front of a chair. Gently I took Vicki by the hand and lead her over towards the chair where I sat down.

Vicki stood facing me, standing almost between my legs. She was moaning and making little hissing noises between her tightly clenched teeth and pursed lips. She crossed her legs and rubbed them up and down against each other as she squirmed around. Clearly she was on the verge of wetting her pants and was in agony.

Suddenly she dropped my hand and clasped her crotch tightly, bending her knees so that her knees were touching mine. She pressed her mini tightly in between her legs and stood still for a moment. She took a deep breath and held it for quite a long time, then exhaled slowly in a long sigh.

I placed my hands behind her knees and pulled her towards me. She made no effort to pull away, and steadied herself by resting her knees tightly against mine, while she clasped her crotch tightly with both hands.

She leant forwards so her face was almost level with mine, her long fair hair swinging down so that it touched my face.

She relaxed: "I'm starting to wet my panties!" she whispered into my ear. We both straightened up a little, and I looked at her crotch. Sure enough, a dark stain was starting to spread out from under her hands. Slowly it worked its way downwards expanding as it did until the entire front of her mini skirt was soaked. I felt a warm trickle running over my hands which were clasped behind her knees.

When the dampness reached the edge of her mini, the little trickles began to run over her knees and down the insides of her legs.

She backed away slightly. I straightened up a little, and she arched her back slightly and pressed her legs tightly together. I stood up and clasped her behind her thighs with one hand, while pressing against the front of her mini with the other. She thrust her pelvis forwards so that my hand was pressed tightly between my crotch and hers. Then she took a deep breath and exhaled slowly.

"I have to let go completely" she whispered as she leant against me. I felt a warm dampness against the palm of my hand. I kissed her passionately and she responded.

All her inhibitions were gone now, and she straightened up a little. The flow increased, becoming a gush as she let go completely. I could feel the front of her mini being saturated. I walked backwards leading her towards the chair on which I sat down facing her, as she stood between my knees. I looked down. She spread her legs slightly and the trickles began to flow down between her legs. I leant back to watch. It was incredibly sexy to see Vicki wetting her panties for me.

I gently pulled her towards me so that she was sitting on my lap, and placed my hand underneath her. She leant against me and squeezed her legs together. Then she opened her legs a few inches and I felt the bottom of her mini become warm and wet.

"That was a warm, wet comforting experence," she said laughing. "I wasn't sure if you were serious about me doing that."

"Any time" I said as I kissed her again.

