It was a cold Saturday evening. She was standing among others, waiting, as she had done so many times before. He was coming home today after one of his numerous business trips and she just couldn't wait to drive him back to their peaceful and comfortable nest.
She looked at the monitor to see his flight's status. To her dismay, she found that it would be forty–five minutes late. She might as well sit somewhere and get a drink. She hesitated, having in mind that she hadn't peed since she left home about 2 hours ago and would have at least another 3 hours before she could use the bathroom again. Public bathrooms were absolutely out of the question! She had drunk down a bottle of water on her way to the airport and could already feel a slight need in her bladder. She decided that this was actually pretty convenient for what she had in mind. After buying her water, she took seat along the wall and waited.
His plane landed at last. He got up as soon as it was permitted and took his belongings. He was tired and all he had in mind was to find his wife again and go home. He was hoping she was in a good mood: the kind of good mood he was in. He had left a while ago and he missed her a great deal... in all possible ways. Their newly found common interest in pee games had been feeding his dreams while he was away and he was looking very much forward to investigate the matter a little deeper. Oh, how he hoped she was in that mood, because he certainly was!
The monitor finally stated that his plane had landed. She knew it would be a little longer before she saw him. She took the time to finish her water before she stood again, ready to welcome him. She shifted her weight unconsciously from one foot to the other. She had to pee, but her mind was somewhere else. After another half hour, there he was! In her excitement, her need felt sharper and she became fully aware of it. She had to pee, but it didn't matter. She was good at holding. They hugged each other and kissed before heading to the car.
They started on their 2–hour drive. As they talked and laughed together in the car, she could feel her need grow. Along with it, her desire was also growing. She had something in mind. She wanted to please him and she knew exactly how to do it.
They pulled in the driveway. She discretely pushed a finger against her peehole for a little relief. She had to pee quite badly by now and wondered if she would reach her goal. She took a deep breath, grabbed one of his bags and walked to the door. He followed with the rest of his luggage. He looked at her. She seemed in a hurry. They entered the house.
"Are you ok, Honey?"
"Oh I am quite fine." She smiled. "I actually got a little something for you."
He grinned.
"You do?! And what is that?"
"A special drink" She answered without hesitation.
He gasped in surprise and hoped he understood right.
"A– you– a drink... a drink. For me?" He tried to seem composed.
She giggled. She loved to surprise him.
"Oh but you have to hurry, before it is too late!"
She squeezed her legs together for a moment and hopped from one foot to the other as he hurried to put down his luggage. He felt happy and lucky but was still a little afraid to believe it. She took his hands and led him to the bedroom. The bed was ready, protected, comfortable and inviting.
He helped her undress. His hands were trembling slightly. He was burning with hot desire. He wanted to taste her body, her essence, and her warm juice.
He lifted her up and sat her on the bed. He bent down, kissed her, and made his way down to her breasts. He caressed them with his tongue and lips. She had to clench her muscles in order to hold her pee in. Her breathing accelerated. It was as much from the effort of holding as it was from the feelings that he was creating in her.
He pushed her slowly until she was lying. He moved down and met her belly button, and then her pussy, and her delicious clitoris. He tasted her. She moaned, which encouraged him to continue. He was caressing round and round with his tongue. She was moving with him to the rhythm. Her desire grew inside her. He slowed down so she wouldn't climax. It wasn't the right time. He looked at her. She sat up. She couldn't hold still. Her pee threatened to burst out any second. She felt a little dizzy. She was so excited and so full.
They turned and he was now lying on his back. She kneeled over him. He had a good view of her pussy– her deliciously moist pussy. He wanted her so bad. He ran his fingertips gently along her sides. She gasped. A little leak escaped her, along with a barely audible moan. They looked at each other. She moved her body a little forward. He covered her pussy with the palm of his hand and pressed slightly. She rubbed against it. He gently pulled her forward. She leaked a little more. No words were necessary. They knew. It was now. It was time. She relaxed. Pee started to escape. He opened his mouth to welcome the golden liquid. She took his shaft in her hand and caressed herself with the other. She caressed faster, faster and harder. He couldn't believe it. It was too good. Amazing. Wonderful. They were looking at each other. She was peeing. In the hot excitement of their kinky game, he released his essence and she came to a strong and long orgasm as he was having a warm welcome home drink.
By: Peebunnies