Title: Lost in a Crooked Town
	Entry to: Month 25
By: Krist

Nancy and Cheryl were out driving around on a hot steamy night in the back woods of Lousiana. They had been drinking beer since 5:00 p.m. and had many more at the club. They were best friends from Maryland and Cheryl had decided to come down to Lousianna with Nancy for her family reunion. The club they had spent the evening at was your typical "road house" type club built near the bayou. Since they were obviously not from the area, they were constantly being asked to dance. They were beautiful girls in their late twneties with beautiful bodies to match.

Long blonde hair, large firm tits and skin tight blue jeans. Which ever one was on the dance floor was always the center of attention since neither one of them were wearing bras. The men in the club were going crazy watching these girls dance around the dance floor letting their tits freely bounce with the beat. It was so hot and humid compounded by the sight of these two sexy women, every guy in the place was sporting a rock hard boner held captive in their jeans. Eventually, the alcohol had taken its toll and the girls were not feeling any pain except for the treamendous urge in their bladders for some relief. However, they were both apprehensive about using the bathroom at the club because of the smell and how dirty the floor and toliet seat was. So they decided they would find a place along side of the road to pull down their pants and take a much needed piss.

Having danced for hours, their tank tops were drenched in sweat and perspiration which made them virtually see thru, but that wasn't their main concern, they had to pee and had to do it fast.

Driving down the road they were both squirming in their seats looking for a private place to pull over, but being unfamiliar with the roads they couldn't find a suitable place to stop. Nancy was driving and was telling Cheryl that if she didn't find a place soon, she was afraid she'd piss her jeans. Cheryl wanted to just stop the car and piss right where they were since they hadn't seen another car in at least 10 minutes. Cheryl was squirming around, holding her crotch and bouncing up and down on the seat. Nancy could see how her huge tits bounced with her every move. She wasn't homosexual, but has always found the site of women's breasts quite arousing. 

Finally, Cheryl starting begging Nancy to stop the car, she said he couldn't hold on much longer and could feel that wetting her pants was just a matter of a few more minutes, if not seconds away. Nancy gave in and pull off the side of the road. Cheryl jumped out, quickly undid her jeans and pulled down her panties and jeans, squatted down and tried to piss. Out of no where came the Sheriff with the bright lights of his squad car shining on both of them. Cheryl was able to pee just a couple of squirts when Nancy yelled at her to get back in the car. The Sheriff came up to Nancy's side of the car and asked for her driver's licence. He could see she wasn't from around here, could smell the alcohol on her breath and decided to give her a soberity test.

Nancy begged the officer to let her go and drive back to her relatives home, that she felt fine, when really she was on the verge of wetting herself totally. The Sheriff didn't want to hear it and told her to get out of the car and walk the straight line, which she could not do because of having to hold her thighs togehter. Then the sheriff asked Nancy to put her hands on the car as the sheriff checked her for any weapons. He took his time, starting with her neck, his fat fingers carressing every possible inch of her body. He took his time feeling her large breats. He put his fat hands up and under her tank top and slowly caressed each tit very slowly until he was pulling hard on her nipples. She felt him rub his crotch against her butt and she could felt a huge, hard, monster in his pants. He continued to work his way down her body and even pressed on her bldder quite hard.

Meanwhile, Cheryl was sitting back in the car squirming around like crazy. Sweat was forming on her brow and she wanted so badly to just relieve herself.

The Sheriff decided Nancy was too intoxicated to drive. He handcuffed her and led her to the back of his cruiser then he went back for Cheryl. He gave Cheryl the same treatment and pressed his hard cock against her ass. She was handcuffed also which made both girls chests stick out even further. The sheriff couldn't keep his eyes off the girls, his hard cock aching for relief just as the girls full bladders were.

The ride to the station was a long one. The sheriff drove fast along the graveled county roads and everytime the car would bounce, each girl thought for sure they'd lose it. They just kept thinking about getting to the station where they could finally take a piss.

When they arrived at the station, the sheriff took the two girls and put them in a holding cell, still handcuffed. All the workers in the police station were men and once they got a look at Nancy and Cheryl, it was all they could do not to stare at these sexy woman.

Nancy asked the Sheriff if they could use the bathroom, he immediately told both of them that there were no female facilities at this station. Nancy and Cheryl both said at the same time that they didn't care, they just wanted to use the bathroom, any bathroom. The Sheriff said it was against the rules. One of the deputy's piped up and said, "well, why don't you two little cock teasing bitches just stand there and piss your jeans for us, maybe we can strike a deal, since you both are probably going to piss your pants anyway." Nancy and Cheryl started to cry. They were each crying very hard and as they cried the men in the station could watch their tits jiggle up and down with every sniffle. The Sheriff came over to the cell and asked the girls what they were going to do?

He told them how badly HE had to piss himself, but instead of using the toliet, he pulled out his cock and pissed on the girls feet. The cell was now surrounded by all the deputys. When the Sheriff finished pissing on their feet, Nancy could feel that it was just a matter of seconds before the flood gates opened up. The Sheriff ordered Nancy and Cherly to piss themselves NOW and maybe he'd drop the charges, but first he wanted to round up all the deputys in the stations to watch. He came back within a minute and the men had encircled the holding cell, some of them with obvious hard ons in anticipation of watching these sexy girls wet there pants. The Sherif let himself into the cell and brought the girls out. The men formed a circle around them then the Sheriff gave the word, "piss your tight little cock teasing jeans NOW, you bitches!" 

Well it didn't take long before Nancy started wetting herself, soon after, Cheryl started. The men were entranced by the site of these sexy women pissing their jeans just for them, right in front of them. It seemed like it took forever before they had finished. One deputy had pulled his cock out and beat off as he watched the girls jeans get wetter and wetter. When they were done, the Sheriff threw them a mop and bucked and told them to mop up their mess, then maybe, he'd take them back to their car.


