Title: What I Did On My Vacation

By: Bob

"Shit!! How could Ardys have done this to him?! How could he have let her? Shit! Shit! Shit! Jim should have been happy, but he was pissed! He had just gotten off work and was now on vacation--two glorious weeks to do whatever he wanted, with pay! Unfortunately, his plans had been screwed up, twice!

He had originally planned to take his girlfriend, Ardys, to a secluded beach house on the southern New Jersey coast. His good (and rich) friend Paul lived there when the weather was nice, but this year Paul was going to Europe for two weeks, exactly coinciding with Jim's vacation. Paul had offered Jim the use of the place, but Ardys had already made plans for them to spend the vacation with her relatives in Vermont, so Jim had reluctantly told Paul thanks but no thanks. Screwup number one!

Then just yesterday he and Ardys had that final fight he should have known was coming. So now he had no girlfriend, no trip to Vermont, and when he tried to call Paul to see if there was a remote chance he could still use the Jersey place, he had no luck getting through. He was going to make one last try as soon as he got home, but he knew Paul would be leaving early in the morning for Europe. If he didn't catch Paul, his vacation was screwed. Life sucked!

Now Jim was walking home from his subway stop, unable to fully enjoy the beautiful late summer day. As he rounded the corner just two blocks from his apartment, he noticed a limo at the curb with the door open. A woman slowly backed out of the door as she argued with a man inside. Jim couldn't make out what they were saying, but they appeared to be quite upset with each other.

She wore a classy outfit: a nice blouse, a conservative skirt with a rather strange pattern, white ankle socks and penny loafers. She looked like an upscale college student, perhaps.

Then something else caught Jim's eye! The woman was facing away from him, in a slight crouch, still arguing with the unseen man in the limo. But as Jim watched, a dark spot formed on the dry sidewalk at her feet, and he suddenly realized that the weird vertical dark stripe in the middle of the back of her skirt was a wet streak! She was pissing herself even as she stood and shouted at the man in the limo! Now Jim noticed a bit of a sob in her voice. She was quite distraught.

Suddenly something flew out of the open car door. It was a purse! A hand reached out and slammed the door shut, and the limo quickly sped off, leaving the poor woman crouching, sobbing, and peeing in the middle of the sidewalk!

By now Jim was only a few feet from her. He slowed, wondering whether to just rush by, or what. Suddenly she straightened up, aware of his presence, and turned. Jim just about wet his own pants! She was beautiful!!

Jim's heart melted instantly. He suddenly felt much compassion for this girl, who was obviously in much distress. He stooped to retrieve her purse, picking up a pink comb and a lipstick that had fallen out. As he did so, he couldn't help being very aware of the huge puddle of urine just two feet from his face. A faint aroma was most arousing!

"Is there anything I can do to help you, miss?" he asked gallantly as he handed her her purse. "It looks like you got more problems than a pretty girl oughta." A barely audible "Thank you" emerged as she took the purse. She was crying now, and quite beside herself. Gingerly Jim put an arm around her shoulder, unthreateningly, he hoped. She didn't shrink away, but seemed to welcome the support.

"Look, miss," he said, "I just live at the end of the next block, and if you'd like to wipe your tears or clean up or call a cab or whatever, you're more than welcome to use my place." Even though upset, the girl looked Jim over, sizing him up. "I don't want to be any trouble," she sobbed, "but I'd appreciate it if I could use your phone. Oh. this is so embarrassing, and I don't know what else to do."

"Hey, no problem," said Jim cheerfully. This opportunity to rescue a lovely damsel in distress had instantly dispelled his gloomy funk of a few minutes ago. "Here, let's fix you up a bit," he said as he whipped off his windbreaker and tied the arms around her waist, letting it hang over her rear to hide the wet stain in her skirt.

Meekly but gratefully she allowed him to escort her the remaining distance to his apartment building, during which time they introduced themselves to each other. "By the way, my name's Jim Dean--no relation to the movie idol," Jim said with an engaging smile.

"I'm Louise, Louise Helms." Amazingly, she suddenly giggled, and added, "No relation to that complete asshole in North Carolina." They both laughed. "Thanks for helping me out. It's really been a rough day."

They reached the door to Jim's building, which had a doorman, who held the door open for them. "Good afternoon, Jim," he said affably, "and Miss," as he tipped his hat with his free hand. "Hi, John, how's it going today?" Jim replied. The doorman, John, appeared to be in his late sixties.

As much as it would seem Louise would want to hide her predicament, she paused abruptly and addressed the doorman. "Is this guy OK?," she asked, rolling her eyes toward Jim.

"Who, Jim? He's a prince, ma'am. One of the nicest men in this building. You don't need to worry about him, he's a real gentleman. Wish we had a few more like him." He looked Louise right in the eye as he spoke, and she had no doubt of his sincerity. Jim, although deserving of the compliment, was a bit embarrassed. However, he was happy he had been so generous with John at tip time last Christmas.

"Thank you," Louise said to John, sincerely. "I've had too many problems today to top them off with an encounter with a weirdo."

They made it without incident to the elevator, thankfully empty of other passengers, and to Jim's fourth floor apartment. As Jim opened the door, Louise asked, "If you don't mind, could I use your bathroom first thing?"

"Sure thing," said Jim. As she closed the door to the bathroom, Jim had an inspiration. "Hey, Louise," he shouted through the door, "if you'd like, I have a washer and dryer right here in the apartment. Never went for the laundry room bit. I'd be happy to wash your skirt. Is it machine washable?"

"Yes, but... Oh, damn!" Louise had just found out how badly her skirt had been soaked. After a pause, she said quietly, "I guess I'll take you up on that. Wait a minute." After a couple of minutes, the door inched open and her face peeked through the crack. "I really appreciate this," she said as she inched the folded-up skirt through the crack in the door. As soon as he took it, the door closed again.

"Right--I'll go get it started right away." Jim went to his laundry area and unfolded the skirt. Within the folding were her socks, one of which was fairly damp, and her panties, which were completely soaked! Jim had presumed she would want to rinse them herself, but she had entrusted them to him!

Jim found himself becoming a bit aroused at this whole scenario. He could not recall ever seeing a girl piss her pants before, at least not since Alice Murphy did when they were both six. (God, he hadn't thought of that for years!) Peeing games with a girlfriend had seldom occurred to him, but the idea was not at all distasteful to him. He remembered once when he and Ardys were returning to their car in a restaurant parking lot, and Ardys had suddenly announced she had to pee before she got into the car, no way would she accede to his impulsive request to let him watch. Instead, he had to play "lookout", facing the other way, and all he got was a glimpse of the substantial puddle in the dim light as he came back around to unlock the door for her. Only later had he realized that he really would have enjoyed watching, and could have done so by simply dropping to his knees and looking under the car as she crouched next to it. Oh, well.

Now the piss-soaked panties in his hand held a powerful attraction. They were still quite warm from her body heat, an additional turn-on. He gingerly held them to his nose, and was rewarded with a pungent but very arousing and pleasant odor, loaded, no doubt, with those pheromones he had read about. Almost reluctantly, he put her clothes into the washer and started the cycle.

Returning to his bedroom, he found a large terrycloth robe which he took to the bathroom door. "Here's a robe," he said. You can wear it until your clothes are done. And feel free to take a shower if you want. There are plenty of clean towels in there."

Twenty minutes later, as the washer was entering the first spin cycle, Jim and Louise sat opposite each other in his comfortable living room. She looked freshly scrubbed and absolutely ravishing in his robe, even though he could see practically nothing from her neck to her calves. She had very pretty bare feet. She was slowly putting the finishing touches on her hair with her pink comb.

Somehow the situation had brought an instant kinship, and in the next half- hour they traded their life stories, or at least the last few months of each. Jim told of his just-ended relationship with Ardys, the aborted plan to go to Paul's Jersey place, and how his just-started vacation was now at loose ends.

Louise's story was a bit more complex, but like Jim she had just ended a relationship, in fact as Jim had watched. Suffice to say that Brad, the guy in the limo, was her former lover and former boss, and she now had neither job nor paramour. The spot Jim had met her was just where they happened to be passing when Brad had the limo stop so he could throw her out. She had no ties in the neighborhood.

Jim couldn't understand how anybody in his right mind could dump such a lovely girl, especially since her personality seemed every bit as wonderful as her looks. She was rather petite, which Jim liked. Maybe Brad was a big boob man. His loss.

It came out a bit awkwardly at first, but both admitted that in the last rocky throes of their relationships, neither had had sex for over three weeks. They realized that although technically each had broken up in the last day or so, subconsciously and psychologically both relationships had ended much sooner. Somewhere during this revelation Jim suddenly found himself staring between Louise's subtly spread knees and realized he could see all the way to her pussy, which appeared to be totally bald! Louise was not giving any indication that she was purposely flashing him, and by her demeanor it could have been truly accidental, but she soon put the question to rest.

"Look. Jim, I don't quite know how to ask this, but, well, since you're not sure of your plans, I wonder if you could do me a favor."

Jim was mesmerized by the sight of her exquisite vulva. God, if only he could see it better! "Sure, anything within reason. What is it?"

"Well, I was wondering, do you think...?" She paused. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I was wondering if we could, if it'd be all right if, well, if it's OK with you that is, if.."

Jim waited patiently, afraid to say anything to break the spell.

"Look," she finally said, "I would really, really like for us to... Oh, how can I say this..." She paused and took a deep breath. Suddenly the pink comb dropped from her hand. She looked down to spot it, then leaned over to retrieve it. To keep her balance the opposite leg splayed out, giving Jim a crotch shot to die for! There in all their glory were her very glistening, pink privates.

They were obviously well lubricated and ready for action. They were hairless! It was absolutely the most delectible pussy Jim had ever seen!

She looked up, comb in hand, and saw that Jim was frozen in awe. She made no move to close her legs. "That's what I wanted to ask you about," she said in the most tantalizingly breathy voice imaginable. Pause. Faint smile. "Does the phrase 'until your brains fall out' mean anything to you?"

Jim didn't know if there was a medical record for quickness of erection, but his formerly semi-tumescent penis was rock hard in much less time than would seem necessary for the blood to travel to the proper cells to accomplish the task. It must have been squirting through there like the hydraulics on a car crusher! "I thought you'd never ask," he said as he approached her with a boyish grin and a monster bulge.

"No promises or anything now," she said, as she undid his belt and zipped down his zipper. "This is just sport fucking, OK?"

"Anything you want!" said Jim. "Anything!"

Two hours after her clothes were dry, they still had not been removed from the dryer.

*******

Early on during their marathon session, he found out more about Louise. She had begun by kissing and then fellating his penis, then jacking him off as he stood over her on the couch. "Make it squirt--I just love to watch it squirt," she said as she manipulated him furiously and expertly. Jim could not remember ever being so turned on. His penis stood almost straight up, and it felt so good that, as much as he wanted to impale her on it, he wasn't about to stop for even a second. Besides, he wanted to let her have her way. She was scooted all the way forward on the couch, and her pussy was firmly pressed against his leg. He could not believe how hot it felt! That added much to his excitement.

After so long without release, it didn't take long. Jim erupted all over her face and neck, in a wonderful orgasm that felt better than any he had ever had with Ardys. His legs became weak and rubbery, and it was all he could do to keep from collapsing. Although he frequently produced fair quantities of semen, this broke all his personal records, for sure.

Louise was ecstatic. "Wow," she said, "when you squirt you really squirt! I just love to watch a guy squirt. Maybe it's because I'm a squirter myself!" She had an incredible smile, just glowing with joy. "I've never seen a guy come as much as you just did. That was so-o-o cool!" So saying, she began to lick his penis clean.

It turned out Louise had done the handjob by design. Knowing that Jim would come quickly after so long a dry spell, she decided to get the first one over ASAP so she could savor and enjoy their main course, which started as soon as she got herself cleaned up. As she had predicted, Jim was turned on enough to rebound very quickly, but the first session drained enough pressure to turn him into marathon man! Within 15 minutes she got him stiff enough to slide it into her velvet pussy. That little "pop" as it first slid past her pussy muscles was sheer ecstasy, and Jim thought he had died and gone to heaven! They enjoyed the most dreamy, drowsy, delicious slow fuck which seemed to go on for hours!

Eventually it became apparent that Louise was building and building toward the "big O". She was moaning quietly in a throaty rhythm, and seemed oblivious to her surroundings. Jim was very enjoyably along for the ride. This was more exciting than any session he had had with Ardys the whole 18 months he had known her--in fact more than all of them combined! His cock seemed bigger and stiffer than it had ever been, but that mindblowing handjob had made it safe to do it's business to Louise's insatiable pussy without fear of coming too soon. This was one smart girl!

When it came, it was like nothing Jim had ever experienced. Louise's moans quickened and became more intense, and Jim became aware of a tension and then a gripping on his penis that was almost as strong as her hand had been! This girl had one of those "snapping pussies" that he had heard about but not experienced. It was incredible!

But there was more!! Suddenly, as she peaked in oblivious ecstasy, Jim felt a warm liquid flooding his belly. Louise was pissing! For the tiniest split second Jim's subconscious wanted to jump off to avoid the mess, but before that tiny involuntary twitch could be felt by Louise, he ground in even harder, as if he was a sponge trying to soak up every drop. This increased Louise's pleasure, and after she finally stopped her peeing and pussy spasming, she passed out!

Jim was in heaven! He was lying on top of the unconscious Louise, basking in the warmth and wetness, his prick buried to the hilt in that wonderful cooze. Although both he and Louise were now virtually motionless, the key neurons had finally tripped, and deep inside her pussy his prick throbbed and spurted it's second load. The voluptuous feelings were beyond all description, and Jim felt he had just experienced a million dollar fuck!

They napped in that position for perhaps 10 minutes. Louise seemed to have no problems with Jim's trim 145 pounds on top of her. Then they got up, and Louise explained:

"I guess that's the main reason Brad dumped me. I don't seem to have much control of my bladder. If I'm scared, or angry, or especially happy, or coming while having sex, or a bunch of other reasons, I piss myself. I see a tender reunion on "Unsolved Mysteries" and I pee my panties! Certain passages of music will do it every time, especially classical. I haven't attended a wedding for years. I love roller coasters but I don't dare ride on one. I've had more accidents in my 20 years than most people do in a lifetime. I've been to a few doctors and tried a few remedies, but I guess it's just the way I am. Now and then I'll get into a perverse mood and do it on purpose, I'll admit--I've found that occasionally it kinda turns me on--but mostly it's a bothersome accident. I'm sorry I wet your bed."

Jim knew this was an important moment. "Louise, I've just had the most incredible sex of my life. The wetness was part of what made it so great. For sex like that I'd buy a new mattress every week. In other words, your peeing problem not only doesn't turn me off, it makes me horny as hell! I am very, very interested, Louise, in continuing a relationship past the 'sport fucking' stage. It's not all sex either. I'm very attracted to you as a person. If I'm not rushing you, how do you feel about it?"

"Wow, I don't know what to say! I know I like you more than anyone else I've known for only a few hours. Or a few years, for that matter. I know Brad was really turned off by it, and it caused a lot of problems. I was afraid I was headed for a pretty bleak romantic life. Do you think it was fate that we both got dumped at the same time, and then met like this?"

"I'd sure like to put it to a test. I feel a lot more comfortable with you already than I ever did with Ardys. Look, I hate to press things, but time is running out. I was going to call Paul to see if there's still a chance to use his place. Since I'm on vacation and you're out of work, would you consider going with me if it's still available?"

For an answer, Louise stood, walked over to Jim, gently took his head in her hands and stooped to give him the wettest, sexiest, most voluptuous deep kiss he had ever known. It lasted about 20 seconds. "Yes," she said at last, "I would love spend your vacation getting to know you. Call Paul."

If any further evidence of "fate" was necessary, it was manifested in the fact that Paul was by now desperate for a house-sitter, and reluctant to leave his car for two weeks at the airport, so all Jim had to do was to take Paul to the airport at 6am, and he had use of both the Jersey house and the Mercedes Sport Coupe for two weeks! Suddenly, life was very, very good!

********

During the next two weeks, Louise had 9 "accidents". Although a few were more or less staged for Jim's benefit, most were genuine mishaps. Jim was becoming a real "pee freak". A few highlights:

Down the beach a ways was a public swimming area, complete with lifeguard stand. One day they were playing in the ocean, alongside many other beachgoers. Jim had gotten Louise up on his shoulders and carried her piggyback as he waded through the surf. The laughing and giggling got the best of her, and suddenly he felt hot urine coursing down his back. Other swimmers even a few feet away noticed nothing however, because (a) they were already wet, and (b) Jim was in water over his waist. He had to wait a while to come in to shore.

Of course they went to nearby Atlantic City, where a good news/bad news event occurred. The good news was that Louise won $420 on one of the slot machines. The bad news was that the cascading jackpot made her so excited that she pissed all over the carpet! Fortunately they were in the lobby of the hotel in which they had a room, and an especially helpful bellhop (who got a nice tip from Jim) ushered them into an elevator and kept others out for a quick escape up to their room. "This happens more often than you'd think," he said, "but it's nothin' compared to when I worked at Six Flags running the Cyclone. Why do you think the seats always have holes drilled in them? Check it out."

They did, and Louise ended her long abstinence from roller coaster rides, which she loved. She made use of the holes, too.

One of the better events was caught on videotape! They were lolling around the patio of the beach place, in bathing suits, and Jim happened to be taping Louise when it happened. There were two old chairs with canework seats, and Louise sat in one and the weathered seat gave way. Her butt dropped through and she was suddenly and startlingly in a trap, unable to move. Her knees were just inches from her chin.

Not missing a beat, Jim simply dropped to his knees and zoomed in slightly, getting a perfect shot of her crotch as she copiously peed her bathing suit and left a huge puddle on the dry concrete patio three inches below. After she was completely finished, Jim, suddenly inspired, put down the camera long enough to slide her soaked bikini bottoms off her rump, exposing her glistening bald vulva in an exceptionally fetching pose. Louise was totally powerless to resist. Only after capturing luscious frames from every angle and distance (with a bonus of some afterthought spurts of pee) on another 4 or 5 minutes of video, did he finally shut off the camera and help to extricate her from the trap. Louise feebly feigned protest, but they both knew she didn't really mind.

Jim's favorite, though, was a little trick Louise invented. Paul's place was on a secluded stretch of beach (rare as those were) and he had a very nice hammock supported on a portable stand, which could either be put in the sun or under some shade trees near the water. Jim loved to snooze in the hammock in the afternoon, and more than once Louise crept up to his nude sleeping figure, carefully straddled him, and then peed all over his chest and abdomen! It was a wonderful way to wake up.

Sometimes they screwed in the hammock. Louise loved to get on top, and her toes could just barely reach the ground to give her a lot of control over their movements. She never failed to pee profusely all over Jim's belly while impaled on his prick.

She also entertained Jim with numerous stories of her past mishaps. Some were humerous, most were embarrassing, a few were poetically satisfying. Jim especially got a kick out of the tale of a smug jerk who grabbed her ass while dancing with her at a high school prom. For this impudence he received a very thoroughly soaked tux leg!

Another case of ironic justice had occurred when she was about nine years old. She and some older playmates had climbed up a tree, then one of the other girls turned mean and would not let her get down, blocking her from a lower branch. The frustrated little Louise, crouching directly above the mean girl, suddenly and forcefully peed her panties, giving a thorough piss shower to her tormenter, who could only move out of the way very slowly from her own perch.

There were also stories of former lovers who had not enjoyed the wet aspect of their intimate acts, and had soon moved on. Jim was secretly happy that she had been made available to him through their foolish inhibitions.

Somehow they got through the two weeks without leaving any permanent stains on Paul's furniture or car. They hosed off the patio and hammock daily, and the washer and dryer were much used. Sensible precautions (involving plastic) were taken elsewhere to avoid any damage.

Jim could only dream of what the future would hold, but it looked promising indeed. Love was in the air. Jim and Louise were an "item", perhaps for a long time to come, who knows? For the last two weeks, which had been the most intensely pleasurable he had ever known, he was most sincerely grateful to Paul, to Brad, and most of all, ironically, to Ardys!

