Lunambra 3-2

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Two - Escape

"Wait here," Baeden ordered. "Yell if he starts waking up." The Prince sprinted inside and to his wardrobe. Tearing the doors open, he grabbed his chainmail coat and pulled it over his head. Next, he grabbed two robes, one of midnight blue and the other a deep royal purple. He put the blue one on and threw the purple over his shoulder. Then he ran to the other side of the room, kicking open the large wooden chest that rested there. Inside were a dozen small sacks of coin, numerous daggers, some letters, and a bottle of red wine. He took two of the daggers and stuck them in the straps of the chainmail, then grasped four of the coin pouches.

Striding back outside, he tossed Marina the purple robe. She pulled it around her shoulders as he dropped the pouches off the balcony. "Come here," he said to Marina. She struggled to walk to him, still containing nearly three liters of water. Her bladder was throbbing with every step, and more liquid was forcing its way into it with every passing second. "Grab my hand, I'll lower you down," Baeden explained.

"I have to pee first, I can barely walk," Marina whispered.

Baeden bit his lip, then nodded. "Yes, but do it quickly."

Marina gasped and spread her legs. The first drops hit the stone just as she heard Gaston groan from behind her. She shrieked and stood straight, twisting her legs together and legging out an anguished moan. The large man was on his knees, shaking his head and blinking rapidly at the sky. "MARINA, NOW!" Baeden shouted. She had no choice, she ran forwards and grasped Baeden's hand, and with great strength he lifted her easily over the balcony, transferring her to his left hand as he got down on the floor. She was four feet from the grass when he let go of her, and she landed in a crouch as another spurt forced its way out of her tortured body.

Baeden was next, effortlessly throwing himself from the balcony and landing in a perfect roll. He gathered up the coin pouches, stuffing them into his robe pockets, then stood straight and grasped Marina's left wrist, pulling her through the courtyard towards the castle gate. "Baeden," she panted as she ran. "You have to let me relieve myself. Here, where nobody can see. I drank too much, it's going to come out any second."

"You can't," Baeden groaned. "Gaston is on his way down here with his personal guards. We can't stop until we're miles from the city."

Marina forced her free hand into her crotch, letting herself be tugged along by the Prince. The front of her dress was already soaked. "I have to do it as we run then," she exhaled. "People will see me."

"NO!" Baeden screamed. She tensed up. Baeden had never shouted at her like that before, and it scared her. "You will lead them straight to us. You will not let out a single drop until we are free of the city, do you understand me?"

She fell silent, letting Baeden lead the way as she focused entirely on holding her ocean. Thirty seconds later, they were at the castle gates. Two guards stood on either side, and one of them approached the Prince, his face inquisitive. "My Lord, what are you-"

Baeden pushed past him, then turned and pressed as finger against the guard's chest. "Do not follow us, and if General Gaston tries to come through here, you are to stop or delay him at any cost. This is a military order from your Knight Commander, not a Royal order from your Prince. It can not be overruled, even by the Queen."

"Uhm, wha- Yes, Sir," the guard stuttered, managing a confused salute. Baeden continued through the gate, and he heard it slam shut behind him.

"The gate won't hold him long," Baeden hissed. "He's already decided to kill you, and he will tear those guards apart if they try to stop him from doing so."

"I don't understand," Marina said. "He's not Royalty. He's below both you and the Queen. Why won't he follow your orders?"

"It was a necessity of the time," Baeden explained. "When the King died, every other Royal family on the continent set their eyes on Lunambra. Some tried to arrange a marriage to my mother, some to me even though I was just a child. Some tried to take the Kingdom by force. My mother was not equipped to deal with such chaos, and so she recruited Gaston. Nobody knows where she found him, but he is barely human. An avatar of the laws of Lunambra, and no man or woman of any rank or Royalty can stop him. I've watched him punch out Kings and Princes and then slay every one of their guards in defense of Lunambra. Not only were you half naked and wetting on a Prince's balcony, but if I defend you they will know that I've had you in my bed, which is forbidden."

Marina nodded, growing more afraid of the General than she already was. The pressure in her body was increasing, and she felt another spurt force its way out of her and into the front of her dress which she had bundled against her womanhood. She was trying to keep her eyes on her feet, but she could see people out of the corners of her eyes. What they must think, seeing Prince Baeden dragging an undressed peasant girl through the streets, with her hand shoved into her privates against a wet dress. Baeden gave them no attention as he stormed through the streets. Soon, they were at the stables.

As they approached, the stable girl Mary stepped out from behind a tall, black stallion. "Prince Baeden?" she asked, startled. "What are you doing here? And Marina, you're...what's going on, are you okay?" Marina stood there, hunched over and shaking all over. Now that Baeden had released her, she had dropped the dress and both hands were pressed against her flower, her right middle finger pushing hard against her hole.

Baeden stepped up to Mary, pulling one of the four coin pouches out of his robe. "This is more gold than you will ever see in your whole life, if you stay in this city. With this, you could buy a home, a stable, twenty horses, and feed yourself for a year. You are going to take this, mount the heaviest horse you have, and ride north. You are not to stop or dismount until you're in Jarkan. Make a life there, and never return to Lunambra." He forced the coin pouch against her hands, and she held it tentatively. "I officially release you from your service to Lunambra, and banish you from this city and the lands of this Kingdom for as long as you live."

Mary stayed silent, but she did not look upset or afraid. She mounted the black stallion and looked to the north. "Wait," Baeden said. "Stay here for a moment." He pulled Marina to the side of the stables, and held out his hands in front of him. "Climb up onto the roof. You'll drop down onto my horse, so Gaston won't be able to tell which one you mounted from the footprints."

"I'll pee on your head," Marina whispered.

"Come on, we're almost there," Baeden encouraged her. "Just a few more minutes." She winced and stepped forwards slowly, gingerly raising her right foot and placing it in his hands. He lifted and she grasped his shoulders as she went up. She leaned back, and her soaked dress brushed against Baeden's face. He could smell her on it, and he fought to keep his composure as he pushed her up onto the roof.

He strode to a white mare and climbed onto her thick leather saddle, trotting outside and under the ledge of the stable roof. He motioned to Mary, and she brought her horse right next to his. "Sit on the ledge and slide down, holding onto my back," Baeden explained. Marina did as she was told, and somehow managed to stay dry as she settled into the saddle behind Baeden.

The hard leather pressing against her was cold against her bare skin, the insides of her legs rubbing against the horse's well-groomed hair. Her bladder pushed at her, but her full weight was on the saddle, preventing anything from escaping her. It was painful, but she wouldn't even be able to leak if she kept herself held tight against the leather.

Baeden kicked at the horse, causing it to stomp around in front of the stables, making it impossible to track Mary's prints. "Go," Baeden said to Mary. She nodded at him and took off to the north, kicking up dust behind her.

"Will she be alright?" Marina asked. "Does she have family here? And won't Gaston find her?"

"You know that Lunambra does not hire servants who have families. It's the Queen's choice, she says outside ties makes them potentially disloyal. And she is an expert rider, Gaston will never catch her before she enters Jarkan, and he will not follow her across the Kingdom's borders. She will be safe, she will live a good life."

Baeden turned his horse to the south, and they rode for the city gates.

