New Year’s Eve
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

“Oi, hurry up, I need to go!” screamed Shelley, banging on the bathroom door almost repeatedly with her fist. She had been waiting to empty her bladder since coming home from a special holiday dinner with her workmates.

“Keep your hair on, I’ll be out in five!” her elder sister Eve replied.

“But you said that about half an hour ago!” Shelley screamed back, still banging on the door and grabbing her crotch through her beige trousers.

Finally, twenty minutes later, Eve finished her shower, felt Shelley abruptly push past her as she left the bathroom. She looked back to see the inner thigh of her sister’s trousers to see a slight wet patch had formed there. She felt satisfied about making her wait.

Soon, Eve got changed into a silky purple dress, put on her best make-up and combed her long brown hair. in order to get into the party mood, she opened a bottle of lager and started to drink from it. She soon finished it when the taxi she ordered earlier arrived at the door.

The taxi soon took Eve to the town square, where a few hundred people had gathered to share in the traditional New Year’s celebrations. Since it was nine in the evening, Eve met a couple of her friends and decided to go on a mini pub-crawl. Throughout the night, Eve and her friends had consumed a lot of alcohol. She soon needed to pee, but she hated having to use pub toilets, which were either poorly kept, or in some cases, smelt of vomit, so she held her wee in all night….

When they got to another pub, Eve bought the first round of drinks, but only for her friends.

“Hey, Eve, what’s wrong?” asked one of her friends.

“Nothing, thanks, I’ve had enough, that’s all,” Eve replied.

“You wimp!” her friend joked.

Eve didn’t want to drink any more because she was bursting to pee. She had crossed her legs tightly under the table they were sitting and was tempted to go to the toilet in the pub, but again, she decided to wait even longer. The longer she waited, the more desperate she became and found it difficult not to fidget in front of her friends.

At half past eleven, a very desperate Eve and her two light-headed friends were walking gingerly towards the town square to join the other revelers to celebrate the New Year in. The problem now was the combination of the drink inside her with the cold weather meant that made her need to go more than ever. Her desperation became so bad that she started to grab her crotch through her dress. As she did so, she briefly lost control, feeling some hot pee flow into her knickers. She was worried, because of the fear of not just wetting herself in public, but also in front of her friends.

Trying with all her might, Eve was still leaking involuntarily and soon she felt the front of her dress get damp. Thankfully, she was wearing a thick coat covering the dress, but even that may not help her if she loses all the contents of her bladder on the pavement. So she discreetly left the square, still grabbing her crotch and leaking pee into her dress. Trying to find somewhere to pee was becoming more difficult as she kept stumbling into heavy numbers of fellow revelers.

Knowing at any moment she would be wetting herself, Eve found a quiet spot in a nearby park. Behind the main entrance, there were bushes behind a tall fence. She ran around the fence, hiking up her dress as she did so. She squatted down and let go the rest of her pee without bothering to pull down her knickers. She gave a huge sigh of relief for getting rid of all that drink she consumed all evening.

When she finally finished, she felt embarrassed when she looked down to inspect the dampness at the front of her dress. Suddenly, she heard the town square chimes and public cheers ringing in the New Year. She rushed back to find her friends, who were joining in the celebrations. That is how Eve got to ring in the New Year.

