Tinker's Report
 	An Article Posted in the Watersports Forum
Posted by Tinker's, Monday, 20-May-96 

Hi all, 

Last week I had an opportunity to play again and I just want to let you all know that it was wonderful. I had the house for myself between about three and ten PM and could pretty much do everything, because there would be enough time to clean up and erase traces. 

When I was younger (say, 16), I usually stripped and put on my playing clothes (in those times, a ridiculously short yellow dress and my swimming trunks) immediately after everybody left. Then I quickly stepped into the bath tub, and either squatted down with my knees open or put one foot on the edge of the tub with the dress loosely covering up the blue swim suit. I always wanted to get wet as soon as possible, so usually I did not really savour neither the exciting fore play nor the actual moment of getting wet. (As a remark, I usually knew a few days earlier when I would have this opportunity, so the fore play had already taken place in my head). I just looked up my dress with a mirror until a stain appeared in my panties, preferably at a girl's place, right between my legs. I kept on staining until the first little trickle started to fall down.

That was the true moment of victory, the undeniable proof that "a girl" had truly weed in her panties. The rest was down hill. I put away the mirror, pulled down my dress, and gushed as hard as I could (which was not that hard because of my erection) and spent it all in a minute. Afterwards I leaked out, walked around the house in dress and wet panties for a while, and then quickly cleaned up, usually after some masturbation session lying on my belly on my bed with a sheet of plastic to protect the blankets. I always used my hands only for pulling down the dress over my wet bum, as a wetting female would do, and simply grinded myself to orgasm. 

Today I take more time. First thing to do is to start drinking lots of water. Ten to fifteen cups at least, slightly warmed in the micro wave oven to make swallowing easier. I just drink two or three cups, and more every time I pass the kitchen. It will take between 1 and 1.5 hour for my system to get saturated, but I want to be able to pee often and long, so I need to keep drinking. 

Then I get one of my old briefs out of the old clothes hamper, still hoping that my mother won't discover the selective disappearing of polishing cloths. Never underestimate mothers, though. I also pick up a little plastic bag and then go up the stairs to my room. I take off my jeans and replace them by Patches' priceless gift, a nice, wide skirt, bought by one of the best specialists, and for this purpose only. I also replace my underwear with the old underwear, and fit the bag over my cock to prevent stains at the hip instead of between my legs. For the rest, I keep everything on, which makes it far more interesting. If I would do my own washing, I would simply keep my briefs on as well (and I always do so when I am away and indeed do my own washing). 

From then on, I can just go in my panties and therefore forget about it. I usually do some silly work, or start writing a new story, which is what I did last week. Wearing a skirt in itself does not arouse me, it's the possibility to go to the toilet anywhere that does it. However, I do not want to mess my panties because I know it's much too messy. I tried several times, long ago. Just standing in my room in my dress, already wet panties around my bum, often a mirror at hand. Nothing special, just a girl. As somebody else already mentioned in Forum, knowing what you're up to is most of the fun. When you finally feel ready and begin to push, nothing changes at all.

Even when your panties start to stretch under the load, you're still just a girl in a dress. Messing your panties is far, far less conspicuous than wetting them. And that's one of the reasons why it is even more naughty. Doing it is absolutely no problem whatsoever, and the accompanying emotions are wonderful. The feeling of accomplishment when you stand there, relieved, with a s(p)oiled pair of panties and still showing nothing because you wear a skirt, is very, very nice. But, again in line with what others have said, the pleasure after it has happened is considerably less. It feels funny, okay, and the sight in the mirror of the strange bulb back down in your otherwise normal (though wet) underwear is, well, exciting. In my case, my dress was so short that after I did it, my panties consistently peeked out under my hem, and that was nice in a certain way.

Especially because the reason why they peeked out was not clearly visible. But the smell comes up real soon and you have to get rid of the stuff. Dumping it into the toilet is no problem and what remains in your panties is nothing to worry about. I admit, I once took to experimentation and purposely sat down on the lump in my panties. It flowed out but stayed inside the dark-blue fabric, and I was sort of disappointed: nothing could be seen from the outside and it did not feel that good either. And removing THIS mess was truly dirty, yuck. 

So then I promised myself never again to do this, and to date I always go to the toilet before starting any fun. Last week I did the same. I felt some distant signals of a poo coming up, took no risk at all (in the heat of the battle, one extra push is too easily made) and simply went down to the toilet, hiked up my skirt, slid down my panties and got rid of it. I had to concentrate on not weeing, though. When I got up again and dropped my skirt, I clearly felt the need to wee. But no. I went upstairs again and continued to work at my story. 

There is a moment where you just have to decide to do something unless you want to burst inside the house. So I went down, entered the garden, and inconspicuously looked for a suitable place. The air was scented with spring flowers and there were lots of opportunities. I chose a spot under a nice lilac tree with big white flowers, amidst a bed of lily-of-the-valley's. Safe for casual passers-by, and it would not leave a single trace. Normally I would now stand there with my legs a bit apart and wait until Nature called, followed by a nice, long, warm flow in my underwear. But last week I was writing a new story and decided to do some field research for it. So I went back to the pavement around the house and slowly walked up and down, getting ready (with males, it always takes work to start weeing if you are aroused, which I certainly was). 

I always like the idea of being able to back out immediately, and with only my jeans swapped for a skirt, that is no problem (forget about the old underwear, nobody would notice). Get inside, run upstairs, swap back, okay. I turned and walked back over the pavement. But after getting wet, you need to do more to go "back to normal." Of course, just a trickle does not matter, really. Two trickles, no problem. A little spurt, well, forget it. Another spurt, it's just a stain. Yet another spurt, it's just the bottom of your panties. And so on. But there is a point somewhere which marks the transition between dry and wet, and I think it is close to the point where you start dripping. Dripping means you need to care. Not dripping means you can just go on, especially with a skirt. I wanted to stop before dripping this time, to mimic my story character. 

So I just stopped walking, put my feet modestly together, looked at myself in the window of the living room, saw just a skirted girl standing in a busy shopping mall, and let it begin. A short spasm in my pelvis and I was underway. Invisibly for everyone, the process of getting wet had started, and I felt the first spurt spiralling down my cock and into my panties. Just a trickle. Another one. The girl in the window inhaled the scent of the garden and slowly took a few more steps, then stopped again. Up her skirt, things were changing.

Her light-blue panties showed a few darker dots. Still no problem at all. The girl now got more daring, knowing that it would be invisible anyway, and with her legs still elegantly together, she did her first true spurt of the day. Nobody noticed her underwear getting dark between her legs. But she could feel it very, very well. The next spurt would start the dripping, she knew. Enough for the moment. She was definitely wet and could not back out now. Her skirt was required, panties were gone. It did not matter any more, so the fun could start. 

I got inside, drank two cups of water, and went upstairs to continue my story. Keying in emotions is much easier after a live experience. My chair was covered with a plastic sheet, so I could just sit down with my skirt hiked up from behind. But when I am wet and still need to wee, I cannot hold it for too long. Soon I had to get up and seek relief. On top of the stairs, I again spurted and got a bit wetter. Descending the stairs, more and more leaked into my panties, and when I was at the bottom, I certainly could count as a wet girl. But still no dripping.

Well, only two drops on the kitchen's tiles. It was wonderful, but alas, I had to find a proper toilet real soon because a respectable girl can trickle, but not gush without proper precautions. I left the house and calmly walked to the lilac tree. My toilet was as inviting as ever, and its usage was even easier. I just spread my legs and thanked Patches for making this possible. It was as if the rustling leaves encouraged the girl to water them. It did not take long. 

From high up her skirt, the warm waterfall started down, and the tightly woven threads of her panties' fabric knew what was expected from them. She was in heaven, while her whole crotch and bum, invisibly for any spectator, got warmed up by her own water. But the gushing part called. With her knees a bit further apart and slightly bent, she sighed and just went to the toilet in her skirt. Three, four, five powerful gushes rushed through her panties, tickling everything they passed, and caused a clattering on the leaves down between her feet. It was wonderfully relaxing and extremely exicting at the same time. 

To make a long story short, I came back to the lilac tree four more times that day, and my (hip covering) panties got almost completely wet except for a narrow wedge left and righ. Eventually even my skirt caught some moist, but Patches had chosen a colour combination that could easily take it. If I would have been able to wear a skirt in public, I would have no single problem getting wet like this. I cooked myself a meal wearing the skirt and wet panties, dripping a bit on the kitchen floor, and generally enjoyed as much as I could, spurting once in a while if appropriate. But in the end I had to clean up everything. I stayed in the skirt another hour, this time with dry panties, and reluctantly swapped it back to my jeans when my parents called to fetch them. 

It was a completely fabulous day, and the story that came out of it is one of my favorites already. It opens up so many possible story lines for the future, I'm sure the Forum (and Patches' Place) readers will appreciate it. 

Tinker 

