Last week I had to go to a Handy shop in a big shopping mall. My drill didn't work and i had called the shop owner if it is possible to get a new. When I arrived at the shop, it was terribly busy, so I decided to go for a little shopping tour and come back later. It was a very hot day so I went into a cafe and bought an ice cream and a coke and sat out on the balcony. Afterwards, I went into some clothing shops and bought a nice short top. Before I returned to the Handy shop I bought another bottle of coke and then I slowly walked back.
When I entered the shop, only two guys were inside looking at the shop windows. Behind the counter I saw a big very well built guy with dark brown hair and wonderful blue eyes. I think he was from Croatia. "Hello," I said. "I had called you about four hours ago because my drill doesn't work".
He smiled at me and took my drill. "Hmm, what's wrong with it?" he wanted to know.
I explained the problem and noticed that he seemed a little bit nervous. "I think i have to send it to the factory, I have never heard of one doing that before, I am afraid I wouldn't be able to fix that here," he said.
"Damn," I said, "what shall I do without my drill, I use it every day at work?"
"Don't worry," he answered, "I will give you my phone number and I can lend you my old one."
I was totally astonished. "That's very nice of you," I said, and he wrote his number on my left arm. He was very cute!! We felt in a long conversation and after an hour I realized that I had to go to the toilet. But I was really in no hurry to leave. I also started to realize that the cute guy seemed kind of nervous. I looked at him and asked him if something was wrong. He turned a little bit red and answered that he had pee very badly but the small shop had no toilet. I couldn't believe it! "Why don't you close the shop for 5 minutes and go to the toilet at the restaurant?"
He looked at me with sorrow in his eyes. "I can't, because if I do, and my boss finds out, I will be in big trouble." Wow, that's pretty tough! He told me that he had been working since 9:30 a.m. and had to stay working till 5:00 p.m. I looked at my watch. It was now 3:00 p.m.
A few customers entered the shop and he had to go back to work. I didn't want to go, because it turned me on to watch this strong beautiful guy with desperation in his eyes. I walked up and down in the shop and watched him as he tried to hide his desperation. He was tapping his feet on the ground and couldn't stand still. It took a long time till the people left the shop. But when they were outside he held his penis and started to sigh. "Oh my gosh, I can't hold it longer– I will pee my pants if I can't get to the loo."
"Shall I watch the shop and you go for a short moment?"
"No" he answered. "My boss will come within the next hour and when he sees that I am not here, I have a huge problem."
I laughed, "On the other hand, you will have another very big problem in a short while, now won't you," and while I was laughing I noticed my own very full bladder. He smiled a little bit, but I could see that he was concentrating all his attention on not peeing in his pants.
We talked another 30 minutes about a lot of things but it seemed like he didn't really listen to a lot of what I said– his attention was elsewhere. Soon, I felt that I had lost a little bit of pee in my pants. I crossed my legs but tried not to show my own desperation. I like the feeling of being desperate.
The guy seemed to panic. He was looking around and walking up and down. "I can't hold it much longer!!! What the hell shall I do?" He was holding his penis and his stomach and his eyes were full of tears. I could see a wet spot on his light brown trousers. "OH NO!!!" he shouted and ran through a small door. I could hear him peeing on the ground. It seemed like hours until he came back. On the front of his trousers i could see a big wet spot.
"What have you done," I asked him. He answered with a calm voice that he had peed in the small storeroom. I smiled at him and then turned around to leave.
It turned me on in a very special way. As I walked to my car, I felt my bladder calling me again. My panties were still a little bit wet and now a bit cold so it was much more difficult to hold in. I would drive quickly home, I thought, and go on the loo there. But it was a big mistake!! At the street there was a big traffic jam. "Oh my goodness!" I shouted. I crossed my legs and held my crotch while I tried to think about something beautiful. But it didn't work. The huge floods of pee caused an unbearable pressure on my bladder. Another big squirt went into my pants. I knew then that I never would make it home so I tried to think of a solution of my problem. But it was too late. I felt that I couldn't hold it any longer. I jumped out of the car and soon my pee was running down my legs. I hid behind the car and let my pee go. It was a very good feeling. Some people watched me peeing through my panties, but i didn't care about that. And thank God, I had worn a skirt, and my car didn't have to have a soaking.
Peetricia