The Train Ride

By:  Ann Whetter

Mary and June were sitting on the train at the start of their trip. It would take most of the day as they were on the way to a Holiday Camp where June's sister Jane was the warden and they had jobs for the summer vacation. They had been taken to the station by June's mother who had helped them onto the train with their bags after treating them to drinks in the buffet. She had left them with a bag of goodies to eat on the journey and a case of bottled water saying pointedly that if Mary was like June, they would need them for the journey.

"Whatever did your mother mean?" asked Mary as the train started to move and they waved goodbye. "Surely we won't drink all that. Oh and what was all that about 'On the train' when you interrupted your Mum as she was saying 'Have you told..'?"

Well" answered June with some hesitation. "You're going to find out eventually anyway so I might as well tell you now. -And you might even want to join in." she added hopefully.

"Tell me what?" demanded Mary.

"Its just that....." said June "Well, we'll be sharing a room and possibly the same bed and.." she hesitated again.

"Is that all?" said Mary "Well I don't mind, I often shared a bed with my sister when we went on holiday."

"Yes, that's all very well" said June "But did either of you wet it" she blurted out.

"Not since we were kids" admitted Mary. But why do you ask?"

"Because I do" replied June.

"Oh" said Mary "Do you mean that you wet the bed when you're asleep?"

"No" said June "I wake up if need a pee, but I don't bother to get out and go to the bathroom I just lie there and wet the bed. It's usually wet anyway" she added "as most nights I wet the bed before going to sleep."

"Wow" said Mary "Well don't worry about it. If we share a bed and you wet it I promise I won't make a fuss."

"Thanks" said June gratefully "but that's not all. I deliberately wet my knickers during the day as well. There now I've told you, I know I should have mentioned it before, but you're so kind I thought that you'd understand."

"It's OK" consoled Mary "I do understand, in fact I've had a couple of accidents myself this year and it didn't bother me, so I won't get upset when you wet yourself."

"Thanks again, I do appreciate it" said June, "Would you like some water?"

"I don't think I'd better" replied Mary "After those drinks in the buffet I already need to find the toilet."

"That's good" said June and she moved round to sit beside Mary "How about not going to find the toilet?"

"If I don't find it soon, I'll wet myself" replied Mary.

"That's the idea" confirmed June. "If it helps, I'll sit here so you can't get out and it will be an accident."

"Do you mean that you want me to wet my knickers? asked Mary.

"Of course I do" said June "If you do we can share the great feelings you get when you wet your knickers. On a long journey like this" she continued "I like to be desperate to pee all the way and just let a little bit out when I really have to, so I drink lots of water to keep myself topped up."

"Does your mother know about this?" asked Mary "and is that why she bought all those drinks in the buffet and gave us the bottles of water?"

"Of course she knows" replied June "In fact she wets herself too and so does my sister."

"Right" said Mary "It sounds as though we're going to have a very wet time. But I'm not ready to wet myself yet" she added "so perhaps I will have some of that water."

June passed her a bottle and opened one for herself. "Here's to a good wet time" she said and they both drunk deeply.

It wasn't long before they were both wriggling on their seats and then June said "I can't hold on any longer" and with that she pulled her skirt up at the back so she wasn't sitting on it and started to wet herself. After a few squirts she stopped and said to Mary "Wow that feels so good"

"I can't hold it any longer" said Mary.

"Don't forget to pull your skirt back" advised June quickly, so Mary pulled her skirt up at the back and started to wet her own knickers. "It's quite difficult to stop" she exclaimed as she struggled to arrest the flow."

"Yes" agreed June "I had trouble at first, but I soon managed to get it under control."

"Ah, that's it, I've managed and I still need to pee. Gosh I can see why you like wetting yourself. Isn't it great, that delicious naughty feeling?"

"Oh I'm so glad you like it too" commented June. "It looks like we're going to have a really good summer."

It wasn't long before there was a puddle under both their seats and when she noticed it Mary said to June "Woops, we seem to have a bit of a flood on the floor."

"Not to worry" said June and she poured the last drops from her bottle of water onto the edge of the table and laid the bottle on it's side next to it. "Now anyone will think that we just spilled the water" she explained.

"I'm really getting into this wetting lark" admitted Mary "and I think that I might wet the bed tonight -that is if you think that it won't matter"

"Of course it won't matter" said June. "All the beds at the camp are protected because a surprising number of holiday makers wet the beds; some because they get drunk and don't know what they're doing and some just wet the beds anyway."

Just then the train stopped at a station and two girls got on. As the first passed their seats, June nudged Mary and nodded at the back of her skirt which had a distinct wet patch on it. The second girl, noticed the water bottle on the table, glanced down at the floor and saw the puddle. "Helen" she called to her friend "Here will do" and she put her bag in the rack over the seats next to Mary and June. Helen came back and did the same. They were just sitting down as the train moved off and June said "Hello, I'm June and this is Mary."

"Hello" replied the second girl, "I'm Sue and this is Helen. I hope you don't mind if we sit here"

"Not at all" replied Mary.

"It's just that I noticed your bottle of water on the table and the puddle on the floor and thought that you might..." and Sue hesitated.

"It's OK" said June "You're right, we are wetting our knickers and we'll continue to wet them for the rest of the journey. We've hitched our skirts up so that it won't show when we get off."

"I forgot to do that" admitted Helen. "But I'm new to this. Sue introduced me to it a couple of days ago ready for this trip. We're on our way to work at the holiday camp at ******" she added.

"I thought that we'd get a good wetting in on the train ride in case we can't wet ourselves whilst working." added Sue.

"You don't need to worry about that" said June "You'll be able to wet yourselves whenever and wherever you like, and your bed as well if you want"

"Are you sure" asked Sue with a look of glee on her face.

"Quite sure" said June and she took a long swig of water from her bottle "We're going there as well and my sister is the manager!"

"Cool" said Helen "It's great that we met you and that you wet yourselves as well" and she too drank from her water bottle.

"I like the empty water bottle trick" said Sue as she put her own now empty bottle on it's side on the table. But it didn't fool me." 

"Yes" agreed June "but if you hadn't seen it you wouldn't have sat here. But I haven't noticed either of you wetting yet and we've been continually letting a bit out."

"Well we both wet ourselves whilst sitting on a bench waiting for the train and hadn't thought of just letting a bit out and being continuously desperate" explained Sue "but I'm getting desperate and will start to wet my knickers again soon."

"I can't hold on any longer" blurted Helen "and I don't know if I'll be able to stop once I get started."

"It won't matter if you don't stop, you'll soon get the hang of it and we've a long way to go yet. I did it for the first time not long ago and now I can stop almost as soon as I start" said Mary.

"You're right" agreed Helen "I've managed to stop."

"Well done" congratulated June "Now quickly top up with water." They all took long swigs from their bottles and almost immediately let out some more wee into their knickers. And so they spent the rest of the journey continually drinking and wetting their knickers.

"If we carry on drinking this evening we'll be able to wet our beds all night as well" announced June.

As the train was slowing for their destination and they were preparing to leave the train Helen gasped "Oh no, I forgot to lift my skirt up again."

"Never mind" consoled June. "Just tie the arms of your jumper round your waist and it will hide the back of your skirt."

The camp was only round the corner from the station and they were soon there.

"Oh good, you've met" said June's sister Janet and the worried frown on her face lightened a bit.

"Yes, we met on the train here" said June. "But what's up?"

"Well we have a bit of a problem" replied Janet. "The computer went down and somehow we overbooked for most of the summer. The only solution I can see is if we all sleep in the barn and I use our rooms for the campers" she explained. "I would of course pay a bonus for that and I will give you some cash which you can spend on some air beds. Or" she added "glancing at Helen's jumper "if you like, you can keep the cash and we can use the old mattresses that are out there in the barn. They're still comfortable they just have a few stains."

"They'll have a lot more by the end of the summer" said June with a grin. "We won't have to protect them. Our wee will run straight through and soak into the floor out in the barn and we won't have to clear up under our beds in the morning."

"Does that mean that we really can wet our beds?" asked Sue "June told us on the train that we would be able too, but we didn't truly believe her."

"Of course you can" agreed Janet "All the girls who work here do, and of course we wet our knickers as well. I hoped that you two would be persuaded to join in once you got here and I thought that as Mary is June's friend she would naturally be a wetter."

"I've been wetting my knickers as long as I can remember" admitted Sue "and introduced Helen to it a few days ago, but we haven't wet our beds yet. I'm looking forward to that and can hardly wait until tonight."
