Jessica's Horror (part 1)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, Accidental Wetting, Humiliation and Foreplay.
By Gillian
 
The automatic door of the van hissed with air escaping loudly from the hydraulics, and creaked on old bearings as it slowly opened. The cool night air rushed in to greet the passengers as they stepped out of the vehicle in front of the hotel. Grasping the chrome handrail, they each stepped onto the black stair platform and then onto the asphalt parking lot. The high-rise building was new, the crowning jewel of the airport hotels, rising 15 stories into the clear night sky, suites along the very top floors and well appointed rooms below. Twin miniature man-made lakes were in front, framed by the granite entrance, a pair of palms framing the lakes. The blurred words "HOTEL SHUTTLE" were visible, reflecting in the lakes as the van idled there, its last passengers disembarking. A light breeze blew, rippling the reflection in the lakes.

"Good afternoon, Karen," the driver called out to the last passenger, a flight attendant for one of the airlines. Karen looked up at the driver, smiled briefly, mumbled something and grabbed the handrail to walk out. Her mind was elsewhere. Stepping off the bus, she gingerly walked towards the revolving door to the lobby, still fifty feet away, and each step cautious. Inside of her body, her bladder was throbbing viciously, the pain searing through her tensed body. Her neatly manicured hands clutched her gray skirt as she struggled, her toned legs, sheathed in dark blue pantyhose, pressed together as she tried to hold herself together, her bladder tissue stretched and swollen, her need to urinate severe, immediate. One foot slowly in front of the other, she tried to walk; she was near bursting, wave after wave of unrelenting pressure from her tortured bladder dominated her thoughts.

The attractive 28-year-old's trembling body was in panic, her need to pee so extreme, and the pain so intense. Her blue uniform jacket shielded her tight gray blouse from the wind, but she still felt her nipples grow erect when the cool air hit the thin fabric. Her expensive bra hugged her 36C breasts, and her long dark hair was tied back neatly in a ponytail. Brown eyed, 5'8 and attractive in a fit and athletic way, while still being curvy, Karen was the model of the attractive flight attendant. She walked quickly, small short clicks heard through the crisp air as her shoes hit the pavement. Walking was difficult; she needed to pee SO badly. Concentrating, tense, on holding her pee in, valiantly trying to control the agonizing pressure so great inside, Karen continued, her body dying for immediate relief. She stumbled slightly and tripped on a strewn beer can in the lot, but managed to keep from falling. Karen gasped sharply, the cool night air rushing to her lungs.

She almost started to pee into her black Victoria's Secret panties, but somehow held on. Her heart raced and she took more quick steps. The burning inside grew in tenacity. Her urethra was burning with stinging pain, her pee on the edge of leaking. Karen was desperate to pee, more than ever before. She knew it. She knew she was close to having an accident in her clothes. Her bladder pulsed violently within her. A few of the other people in the lobby knew it too - they watched the desperate flight attendant as she made her way to the doors. It was obvious that the poor woman was completely besides herself needing to pee so badly, what with her tentative quick steps, the clutching of her outfit, the sweat on her forehead even in the cool night, and the slightly hunched over look of total desperation. Everybody noticed. Karen could have cared less; the screaming pain inside was too much- her mind was concentrating on one thing, and one thing only- to hold her pee in. Somehow.

Into the lobby Karen walked, quickening her pace as the pain increased yet again, the stinging constant now as every motion tormented her stretched bladder, the pee moving inside of her, pressing hard against every membrane of her bladder. Her vision was clouded by the intense agony in her belly, the pain from her engorged womanhood beyond imagining as she struggled to function without exploding into her clothes. The large room was decked out in splendor, with fine paintings on the walls, antique oak furniture, a bright polished elevator at one end and a marble counter on the other wall. A pair of busy clerks worked behind the counter in crisp black uniforms. Karen fidgeted as she walked up to the counter, then to the desk clerk, checking herself in for the night's layover. As the clerk stood there, punching keys on the computer terminal, she felt faint while the extreme pressure overtook her, her pee torturing her insides.

A 3 hour flight without a bathroom break followed by a trip to the airport bar for a few Long Island ice teas and a couple of cups of coffee were taking their toll. Karen struggled, feeling her pee surge sharply inside of her. She clenched her legs together hard, her calves shaking with tension, wishing she could jam her hand in between her skirt to press against her tortured pee hole to hold in the flow. She was so close to peeing herself she knew it. How long could this take? Could she manage to hold on at least until she got to the bathroom in her room? The surging pain galvanized her thoughts, the pressure grew again, her muscles stretched in agony, and she could barely keep from peeing. Karen fidgeted as the clerk punched more keys. "A new one," she thought, tapping her shoe on the polished concrete floor, her tormented bladder screaming at her. 

She bent half over, trying to control her pain, and nervously stroked the blue fabric of her pantyhose. Her fingernail caught the edge of a fiber and she cursed. A run in her hose now, she realized. She needed to pee so badly. "Hurry up, hurry UP," Karen thought silently to herself as another wave of agony traveled through her pain-racked body. She uncrossed her legs and panicked as she felt the screaming wave of pressure increase, and quickly crossed them again. The other calf was in front this time. Her bladder was about to explode inside of her, its walls stretched to the very limits, filled beyond capacity, the tortured oversize organ pressing hard against her pubic bone, the pressure extreme. Karen paced some more, her left foot tapping, her hand nervously clutching the side of her gray uniform skirt tightly, her fingers taut as they clutched the material.

Her need to pee increased, the pressure to go surged through the poor flight attendants body as she stood there, waiting in agony, desperate for a bathroom. Finally the clerk handed her a key card. Karen grabbed it, feeling the burning sensation increase as she reached to sign the charge slip and the hotel ledger. A large wave of pressure overtook her suddenly, the pain exploding from within. Her bladder stretched further, the pain agonizing. Her eyes widened and she tried to hold it back, the stinging sensation violent and constant now. 

She tried her best, tensing all of her muscles, but her tortured bladder could not be denied. Clutching the key card with one hand while muttering a hurried "Thank You" and grasping at her skirt with the other hand, her body convulsed as the pressure wave reached a peak. Her distended bladder pulsed strongly, and suddenly Karen's tortured bladder sent a sharp jet of screaming hot pee into her panties. She froze in terror. Then another short sharp burst of hot pee sprayed out, quickly wetting the crotch of her dark blue pantyhose while dampening her panties further. She clenched her legs tighter. The 28-year-old flight attendant was starting to go to the bathroom in her uniform, and she couldn't do anything about it.

"Not now, no, NO," she thought inside, devoting all of her energy into somehow controlling the pee flow. She took a few steps, another sharp hot burst from her pee hole. Her womanhood was engorged, straining now. The hot pee spread through the fabric. Crying, concentrating, clenching, Karen somehow managed to stop the flow. She had only peed into her uniform for a maybe six seconds, but she could feel the warm dampness against her skin. She quickly headed for the elevator, trying to rush while holding back the rest of her pee at the same time. It hurt SO bad to hold it, the pressure was unrelenting. Punching the UP button with more force than necessary, she held tightly onto her luggage and tapped her feet violently. Spasm after spasm racked her body as her pee, now used to a little freedom, desired further release. The elevator was making clanking noises as it neared the lobby level, slowly coming down to the lobby. 

Karen stood there with tears running down her face, her mascara streaking, pain racking her body, and waited, in the most intense need to use the bathroom she had ever felt, her face red with tortured desperation, sweat running down her neck. As the door opened, a violent spasm overtook her tensed body, and without avail Karen once again peed another violent spray out of her tortured pee hole, further wetting her panties. She stood there in panic while trying to control the flow but couldn't, and urinated into her pantyhose for another two seconds. Warm pee was now soaking her crotch and she totally realized she was about to lose all control. As she stepped into the elevator, she realized with horror that she could feel the pee seep down the inside of her left thigh, the warmth spreading through the tight fabric. The older couple in the elevator almost collided with her as she walked in.

"Excuse me," she mumbled, hoping nobody saw the dark marks in her hose. Others followed her into the small compartment. The sides were mirrored and the back was a solid panel of oak wood with brass handrails. Karen looked in the mirror at the others in the elevator, and quickly punched the 12th floor. She stood to one side with her legs clenched together, her pee dying to continue. Another spasm overtook her. Another pee spurt, even stronger than before, went on this time for three seconds. Pee sizzled out of her body, the hot wetness flowing, while she tried to clench her muscles.

She started softly crying again, the pressure too intense, hoping nobody would notice her plight. The elevator music masked the sound of her hissing pee, and Karen stood there, trapped and embarrassed, trying to contain the pee that was streaming out of her pee hole. She felt her left leg dampen as pee ran down the fabric of her pantyhose.

She hoped the other occupants of the elevator didn't notice, especially since she was still in uniform. The older couple exited on 7. Karen stood there, hands clasped in front of her gray skirt, dying inside. The elevator stopped on 8. A group of high school cheerleaders crowded in, all giggling and laughing and happy. They were all still in uniform, their short outfits exposing their young bodies for all for the world to see. One of the girls tripped and walked backward into Karen.

Karen felt the girls butt press against her upper thigh and she backed off while suddenly peeing another stream into her pantyhose. Pee jetted from her pee hole as the girl stumbled forward, regaining her balance. Karen almost ended up peeing on the cheerleader's skirt. The girl, a badge identifying her as Tricia, mumbled an apology and then went back to talking with the group as Karen struggled once again to stem the flow of pee spouting from inside her body. Her panties were getting soaked now. The inside of her legs were very obviously wet with pee stains and she was mentally willing the elevator to get to her floor.

Some competition, she thought, looking at the girls, and tried to turn away from the group, and then closed her eyes as another violent surge of pain overtook her. Pee escaped again despite all of her best efforts to hold it back. Karen peed another three seconds into her pantyhose, this time the pee visibly and quickly staining the fabric as it flooded down her leg. A few droplets hit the elevator floor between her legs. Karen was panicking. One of the girls looked over and started giggling, touching her friend on the shoulder. She whispered something in her ear and another girl looked over. "Wow, uh, do you like have to go to the bathroom real bad or something," the girl with the badge saying her name "Tricia" asked Karen, noticing the obvious wet trail on Karen's pantyhose. "Um, Yea," Karen admitted, almost crying, trying to hold back the next surge.

She so desperately wanted to pee, but somehow held on. "Wow, you look like you're having an accident!" Tricia giggled. "Can't hold your pee?" She continued teasing Karen and then started laughing to her friends. It was so cool, they thought, to see this flight attendant starting to wet herself in the elevator and so they picked fun at Karen, embarrassing her. Tricia pointed to the wet marks on Karen's pantyhose, deliberately teasing the flight attendant, laughing and giggling as Karen struggled to maintain some semblance of dignity in front of the girls.

The elevator arrived on 12, and as Karen got off another shot of pee burst from her burning pee hole and flooded her panties. The cheerleaders giggled loudly as the elevator door closed behind Karen, and were still talking about "the flight attendant who peed in her pants" as they reached their floor. Karen's face was red from embarrassment, her body still screaming for release. Her pantyhose damp with her own warm pee, Karen struggled to get to her room. Thankfully nobody was in the hallway.

Struggling with the key card, she lost her concentration and peed another small spurt into her clothes, again crying out from the pain and unable to stem the flow. In all of her life Karen had never had to use the bathroom this badly, not even when she peed into her tight bathing suit at a swim meet as a teenager causing people to laugh at her as pee streamed down her bare legs in front of everyone at the pool. Her panties soaked, she finally managed to open the door and somehow once again summoned all of her will power to clench the flow of pee.

Karen quickly entered the room, turned on the lights, locked the door behind her and pushed her bag away. Inside now, she leaned against the wall, her back to the tan wallpaper, her legs spread slightly, sighed, and then, with her right hand, clenched her womanhood through the skirt as her body again surged, but it was too late. Her bladder exploded. Karen peed violently and uncontrollably into her uniform as she stood there, breathing rapidly while the pee burst from her clenched body, gushing and sizzling through her panties and hose, the hot wetness flooding her clothes. Karen couldn't control it anymore so finally she let go; the battle was over.

Pee stream after pee stream streamed from within her, a loud sizzling noise reverberating through the quiet hotel room as pee stream after pee stream cascaded out of her pee hole. Pee ran everywhere as Karen peed torrents of urine into her clothes, ocean after ocean of pee flooding her hose, her legs, forming huge puddle on the carpeted floor. Hot warmth spread through her inner thighs and it looked like rivers of pee were rushing down the already shiny and soaked pantyhose as she finished emptying her bladder right there in the huge puddle on the carpet. She reached her hands back and unclasped her skirt and kicked it away, then took off her shoes. Her jacket she threw off, and she stood there, in her pantyhose and blouse with her nipples fully erect from excitement, before jamming her hands under her pantyhose into the warm wetness of her panties.

Her fingers explored through her neatly trimmed dark pubic hair, groping towards her womanhood. She started peeing again, feeling the warmth of the pee flow through her fingers, the hissing pressure exciting and dangerous as the hot wetness ran over her fingers. She ran her fingers up through her pubic mound, wetting her pubic hair, stroking herself violently, while trying to keep peeing. She managed to pee on herself until her bladder was empty; then took four quick leaping steps to land on the bed. Her finger was quickly inside of herself, exploring, massaging her clitoris with the one hand while touching her body all over with her other pee soaked hand. After a few minutes, her bladder still not entirely emptied from the torment of that afternoon, she began peeing again over her fingers as she masturbated.

She was breathing heavily and twitching violently on the bed as she pleasured herself, probing deeper and massaging stronger as she approached climax. Karen moaned loudly as the waves of pleasure overtook her lonely body, squirming on the soaking wet sheets, her body heaving on the bed, and she had cascading orgasms as her body tensed, the edges of the room becoming faint. She breathed heavily, but slower. She was staring at the light fixture above her wet bed. The noises of the streets and the airport were off in the background, thanks to the extra soundproofing the hotel had done, but she enjoyed them just the same. The familiar sounds to someone who traveled. The lights of the city shone in the distance out of her picture window.

The smell of pee permeated through the room, her sheets wet with urine and the puddle still large over by the door. Her breathing slowly regained normal rate and she thought once again to the events earlier in the day. What an amazing flight it was, she thought; finally fulfilling a fantasy she had been dying to try during one of the boring layover nights. At 28 years old, Karen had forced herself have a pee accident, on purpose, into her flight attendant uniform, and she loved it. She lay there and smiled broadly, not believing she had finally done it, had finally got up the courage tonight.

She stood up, took off her blouse and bra, and feeling the need to pee again, walked to the bathroom, got into the shower still in her tights, and as she stood there, she turned on the spigot. Water was now running over her nipples while she released her bladder once again into her tights as she started to masturbate again to the day's events. Her only regret was being "caught" by those damned giggling cheerleaders. She hadn't planned on having the accident in front of anyone. Hopefully they wouldn't notice her name badge and complain to the airline.

*****

Earlier that day, many miles away:

Jessica sat at the cafe table with her ex boyfriend. They had just finished another argument and her head hurt. Drinking the lemonade the server had just brought her, replacing the empty one she left behind, she took out an aspirin pill and held it in her hands. "See," she said, "you always make me so damned stressed. I've got a headache like you wouldn't believe now." "I know, I'm sorry," he mentioned back. "I've got a B-12 pill if you want it, you know that helps with your stress." "Yea, dammit, if I've got to be on a plane for the next three hours I'm going to need something," she yelled, grabbing the pill from her ex boyfriend. She dropped both tablets into her mouth at once and took a large gulp of lemonade. She started to relax.

"So, you're really glad to be moving to the big city, huh," he asked. "Yep." Single word answers. He hated them. Jessica had been dating him on and off for over a year but as time went on it was clear they weren't compatible. Jessica didn't think much of wanting a relationship and he thought she was a stuck up graduate student bitch. Jessica had just finished her Masters degree after struggling with grad school on a part time basis for many years. 26 years old, she was decent looking. Not gorgeous, not a model, but at 5' 5" with a runner's body, 34B breasts, long dark brown hair and muscular legs she was sexy in her own way. More than one guy had done a double take when she ran by in a pair of short running shorts on a hot day, her six pack abs showing beneath her sports bra, her nipples taut and erect through the lycra fabric.

But this was to be no more. Jessica was ending the relationship, cutting all ties with the city where she grew up. Her belongings were already on the moving van, heading to the city, and all she had left with her was a carry on bag, her purse, and her tickets. The two looked at each other in contempt. He wanted to have sex with her one last time, but she wouldn't let him. He thought about those strong, slightly stocky thighs, the solid butt, the pointed nipples when she got excited and the bulge in his jeans grew. She looked pretty good today too, he thought, thinking she did that just to tease him one last time. Oh, if only one more time he could bed her and touch her neatly trimmed pubic mound with his tongue and then enter her. His bulge grew.

She was dressed nice too, he thought. Jessica was wearing an Express miniskirt in a fine white fabric with a few scattered flower and stem designs offset in a strange but nice beige-olive color. The skirt rose above her knees easily and the fabric was slightly transparent. He loved her in this, always walking behind her when he could, staring as the way her white panties with a small print showed beneath the tight fabric of the skirt around her well developed runner's ass. She always got on him for being a panty line freak, but she secretly enjoyed the fact that this particular skirt turned men on so. She never understood it herself, but whenever she wore it, guys would stare, getting that glimpse of panty through the thin fabric, trying to prolong conversations with her, their beady eyes always glancing down for a peek. 

She laughed inside. On top, she wore a fine blouse in a color that matched the design of the skirt, a fine, thin clingy fabric that exposed a little bit of her abs, just about an inch or two. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples were somewhat visible through the slightly transparent and clingy material. He noticed they were erect, poking through the fabric. Jessica sat there and was already on her third lemonade, her mind elsewhere. She wasn't realizing that her ex boyfriend was fantasizing about her body one last time. They weren't even talking. The noise of the busy streets and the clanking of other tables around them were the only noises.

Then, suddenly hearing a chime go off at another table in the cafe, she looked at her watch and panicked. "Oh SHIT, DAMN!" she swore quickly. She stood up angrily. "Damn. I've got to go now. You were supposed to tell me when it was time to go, damn it!!" Angry that she was running late and would have to rush or miss her flight, she stared at her ex boyfriend. "I'm sorry," he said, halfway lying. "So, I guess this is it, huh?" he said, standing up with a sad look on his face.

"Yea. Well, it's been nice. Goodbye," and with that, Jessica gave him a brief and very polite hug and ran off to her rental car. She had sold her car the week before and was renting for a few days to get around and had to get the car back to the agency and then get through security to get checked in before her flight left. She hated being late. Her dark brunette hair piled behind her, tied up in a loose ponytail, she rushed off to the car and screeched the tires as she left the lot. Her old boyfriend stole one last long glance at her panties so obviously visible tight on her developed ass as she walked away in that favorite, slightly transparent skirt he loved so much.

"Bitch," he thought, and he stood there. Angry. As she waited at the red light at the intersection, Jessica realized that she needed to use the bathroom. Jessica tapped her fingers on the steering wheel. She had wanted to use the restroom at the cafe before she left for the airport, but there was no time. She needed to go, but she'd take care of that at the airport. As she headed up the onramp to the expressway she grabbed the quart bottle of water she was bringing along and started to drink it. She mashed the accelerator pedal down and sped as she headed off to the airport, glad to be gone from her stupid ex boyfriend and glad to soon be out of this town. And glad to be heading to a bathroom at the airport soon, as she felt her tummy bulge from the water and lemonade she had drank that day.

Her ex boyfriend slowly walked away from the cafe, a depressed look now in his eyes, and reached into his wallet to pay the bill and then looked for his vitamins. A health freak, he was into healthy eating and took supplements all day. He then looked down at his hand, shocked at his mistake. He thought he'd given Jessica a B-12 vitamin for her stress, but instead had given her one of the diuretics he was taking. Then he laughed, out loud, into the wind, at nobody in particular.

"Well, you stuck up bitch, I hope you enjoy most of your flight in the planes bathroom!" Jessica, he knew, was a constant water drinker. She'd admitted to him once in embarrassment that she wet herself whenever she ran her half-marathons and was kind of embarrassed about that, coming to the finish line with her nylon running shorts soaking wet, pee streak marks down her legs. Girls who were 26-years-old shouldn't pee their pants, she always said, and that was the only time she ever had problems with bladder control. He secretly fantasized about seeing her urinate into her running shorts, but she was so conservative about sex that he knew she'd never understand his desires. The thought of seeing pee drip down her slightly muscular runner's legs in a pair of shorts got him excited again, a bulge returning to his jeans. Tipping the server by tossing a five-dollar bill on the table, he walked slowly to his car and drove off, heading to work. 

Jessica was approaching the airport, and she found the signs directing her to "RENTAL CAR RETURN". Pulling into the garage, she swore at herself for running late. Thirty minutes to catch her flight. She pulled the car up behind the other cars in the garage and got out of the car and stood there impatiently next to the driver's door, waiting for the agent to get to her. Standing up made her realize that she really needed to use the ladies' room. She grimaced as she realized her bladder was quickly filling up, the stinging pressure starting to build within her.

 "Come on, come ON," she mumbled under her breath, "Gotta get a damn flight and I need to pee, come on, come ON," she continued, trying to will the agent to hurry up. She took another gulp of water from her quart bottle and stood there. Five minutes had passed, and finally the agent came over to take care of business. "Hi Ma'am," he spoke, in an island accent. Jessica stood there, fidgeting badly. She needed to go pee and then go catch her flight or miss it. "Hi, um, look, I'm in kind of a hurry, can you just skip the story and sign me in?" she asked, rather rudely. Her bladder tensed. Jessica had to go pee. This was taking too long, much too long. "While certainly, Miss. I'm oh so sorry. Leave this on the credit card then?" "Um, yea," she replied. He handed her the rental slip and receipt. "Thank you and have a nice day," he smiled at her and then gazed down at her skirt. 

She had already packed her slip so the skirt was more transparent than it usually was. The rental agent could see the outline of her panties under the off-white fabric. He smiled again. Jessica fidgeted again, pausing before she went to the terminal building, stopping to ask a question of another uniformed attendant. "Hey, uh, do you have a ladies room on this level?" she asked, feeling her bladder throb inside of her, the pee pressure slowly building to where she was uncomfortable having to hold it in.

"Yes Ma'am, go around the corner and they are on your right. Have a nice day please," he answered in an accent. Jessica smiled at him and quickly walked off. Twenty minutes until her flight. She wandered around the corner, looking, and then saw the familiar black nameplate that said "Ladies" across from one that said "Men." Relief. The thought of sitting and relaxing her bladder made her smile for the first time this afternoon. Jessica really needed to pee quite badly, and very quickly, but as she approached, she saw the dreaded yellow sign. "Closed for cleaning. Open in ten minutes." She swore. Ten minutes was too long.

She'd have to use the one in the terminal. Grabbing her things, she headed up the escalator to the terminal building, walking as fast as she could. She was definitely going to have to hurry or risk missing the ten-minute call at the gate. Looking at the monitor overhead, she breathed a sigh of relief when she realized the gate was close by to security, so she might be able to make it if there wasn't any line.

She rushed off. A few minutes later, stepping on the moving sidewalk, her bladder throbbed. Drinking another long gulp of water from her bottle, as she was prone to do, she realized now that she REALLY needed to urinate before getting on the plane. The familiar waves of pressure were starting to build and Jessica needed to go pee. Badly. Unknown to her, the diuretic was already beginning to work inside of her, her kidneys sending liquid rapidly to her bladder, which was expanding by the minute.

Jessica looked at her watch. 13 minutes. She looked at the security line- just a few people. She had to move. She wistfully glanced at the restrooms over on the other side of the terminal, but knew she'd have to wait. She'd just go when she got on the plane, she thought. There was no way she'd be able to make the gate call and take a pee as well, and she needed to catch this flight. Rushing to security, her hurried pace caught the attention of one of the security agents.

"Security Check - Female" was yelled out, and Jessica walked through the metal detector and then an agent took her off to the side. Jessica swore. This was cutting it close. She sat down, her bladder throbbing inside of her. Her legs slightly apart, a few travelers, all men of course, caught a quick glimpse up the struggling young girl's short skirt. She panicked at the thought of having an accident in the chair- she had seen a classmate pee in school once and the pee had run all over the chair from between her legs. Somehow that vision came into focus as Jessica sat there, taking off her shoes as the agent searched her bags and put her shoes through X-Ray and then quickly ran the detector wand over her. 11 minutes to go.

Jessica stood up, her bladder positively yelling at her now, demanding relief. "Thanks," she mumbled to the security agent and rushed towards gate #3. "Damn, damn, damn I need to go PEEEEE!" she muttered under her breath, amazed at how much more badly she suddenly needed to go urinate now as compared to just ten minutes ago. As usual by habit, she had another drink of water from the quart bottle. It's half gone now.

Running hurriedly to gate #3, she doesn't see an agent. Jessica panics and looks around, frantic. "Where the hell is the plane?" "Shit, shit, shit," she yells, out loud this time. Her bladder throbs inside. Panic overtakes her. Then she hears the overhead speaker- "Jessica ----" as a people mover roars by her at the moment her last name is being broadcast. She hears the last part of the message "please report to gate 13 for immediate departure." It had to be her, she thinks, wishing she could have heard the freaking last name.

She looks up at the monitor. "Shit, SHIT," she swears, suddenly realizing her flight leaves from gate 13, not from gate 3. She either didn't see the "1" in front of the number or something had changed. Rushing along the aisle, her legs moving as fast as she can, Jessica walks down the long series of gates. Regrettably, she passes the ladies' room on the right, unable to take a break without missing her flight. Her bladder pulses inside of her, she needs to pee SO badly she can't believe it, but has no choice.

"Damn, damn, damn, gotta peeeee," she mutters to herself, still almost running along the paths. "Just have to go on the plane. Relax, Jessica, relax," she tells herself. Her name is broadcast again along with the gate number and a more urgent "immediate departure" warning. Gate 10 is coming up. There's a ladies room across from gate 11. She starts to head over to it, her bladder screaming inside, she needs to pee incredibly, her desperation growing rapidly. Relief is nearby. Then, in horror, she sees the agents start to head down the jet way at gate 13. 

She won't be able to use the restroom after all. Panicking, she screams out, "NO, wait, WAIT. WAAAIIIT!!!!" then runs, her bag and purse weighing on her shoulder as she tears across the hallway. The agent turns around and then realizes it must be their last passenger. He takes her ticket and leads her down the jet way. Jessica walks slower now, slightly out of breath and needing to pee so badly she fears she's about to start peeing in her skirt right then and there. The flight attendant looks at her bag as she enters the plane and tells her it will have to be checked, that there is no more carry on space, that the plane is full. "Shit," Jessica yells at the attendant. The flight attendant glances at her with burning eyes, not used to being treated like this by passengers. "I'm sorry ma'am, you'll have to give me the bag." Jessica looks up at the woman, an attractive dark haired girl, maybe 27 or 28.

A nametag pinned to her blue jacket says "Karen." Another flight attendant, a blonde named "Heidi", according to her nametag, is talking to the pilot. A third flight attendant, an older woman, is at the back of the airplane. Jessica mumbles under her breath and gives up her bag. The flight attendant puts a luggage tag on it, and then hands it to a ramp agent, who goes off with it. Karen closes the cabin door and secures it and stands behind Jessica in the aisle. She notices the transparency of Jessica's skirt and smiles. Nobody in the crew knows of Karen's sexual preferences, and she likes what she sees. The arrogant passenger was very sexy, Karen thought. She'd know how to take care of that attitude, for sure. Karen smiled "professionally" at Jessica as she walked by.

Jessica stares down the aisle. Seats are taken everywhere, people crammed in, luggage stuffed in. She can't see an empty seat. She needs to pee so violently that she walks slowly and balances herself by holding onto the fabric-covered headrests on the seat tops. She looks around. Nothing. She keeps walking, her bladder surging inside of her. Urine almost bursts from her clenched pee hole, but she holds on. Her muscles somehow control her extreme need to void. She passes mid cabin and sees a group of 6 seats. Three of them face forward and three of them face backward, so the passengers face each other. The window seat facing forward has a piece of yellow tape across it- it's apparently not operational. The middle seat facing forward is open, and the seat next to that, the aisle, is occupied by a teenage girl, dressed in a pair of very short jean shorts barely covering her young butt.

Her skin is soft and white; she's maybe 18 or 19. Her sister sits across from her in the backward facing aisle seat, wearing tight jeans, low on the hips and barely covering her butt. An attractive dark haired girl, about 22, sits in the middle, dressed in a green khaki blouse and a pair of green khaki slacks that are tight around the waist but loose around the legs. A few tattoos mark the girl's arms and a pair of chains hangs from her neck. She looks over at Jessica as she takes the middle seat. The window seat facing backward has a young woman, maybe 30 or 35, with a laptop open, feverishly typing onto the keyboard, not paying attention. Jessica sits down, looking back at the bathrooms, needing to go.

She puts her purse down, drinks from her bottle of water and then quickly stands up. She decides she needs to use the bathroom NOW, she can't hold it much longer, and her pee is stinging inside of her. She moves into the aisle and takes about five steps down towards the bathroom at the rear of the plane when another flight attendant stops her.

"I'm sorry miss, we're pulling off from the gate so you'll have to wait until we're airborne." "But I really need to go, it's kind of an emergency," Jessica pleads, desperate to use the bathroom. "I'm sorry, it won't be long dear, as soon as the pilot turns off the fasten seatbelts you can get up and go. Shouldn't be that long," and Jessica is forced to sit back down in her seat, denied a bathroom break. The plane moves backward from the gate as the flight attendants start their demonstrations. Jessica sits there, her tummy swollen with a full bladder, needing to urinate so badly. She looks around, trying to take her mind off of her need to pee.

She sits with her legs slightly apart, and smoothes the fabric of her skirt out with her hands so she's not showing as much thigh. She realizes that the skirt was a little bit short for sitting on an airplane in, but there's nothing she can do now. She fidgets and fastens her seatbelt, the cold metal of the buckle uncomfortable against her swollen tummy. The coarse fabric on the seats itches under her legs and she shifts in the seat slightly. The alternative looking girl across from her gazes at her with a funny look in her eye. The teenage sisters start talking and giggling, an annoyance to Jessica who would prefer to have it quiet while she waits until she can go pee.

The lady with the laptop puts the laptop away and snoozes off, unaware of her surroundings. Jessica sits there, feeling trapped, needing to pee so badly and yet unable to move. The plane taxis out towards the runways and waits, in sequence to take off once a few other planes do so first. Jessica feels her bladder swell, its lining extended as her pee fills it. The stinging pain inside of her has grown constantly with every minute, especially with the added stress of the diuretic she accidentally took. Again out of habit, Jessica sits there in agony and sips more water from her bottle.

She's finished 3/4 of the quart now. Her bladder throbs incessantly as the plane starts to roll down the runway. Jessica grips the metal armrests tightly during takeoff and clenches her body. She has to pee so badly she is genuinely afraid of peeing in her skirt and at the same time is anxious when she flies. The combination makes her even more desperate to urinate than ever before. By the time the plane begins to lift off Jessica is feeling the uncomfortable surges of pressure inside of her combined with the stinging sensation of having to pee so badly. The torture of sitting there is amazing, and she bites her lip and pushes her legs together, holding in the ocean of pee inside of her.

A few minutes later, only five thousand feet in the air, Jessica had to go to the bathroom so badly that it was even worse than when she peed in her swimsuit as a young teen. Luckily her workouts and running had strengthened her pelvic muscles and she was able to hold it better now than when she was younger, but the pain is intense, the contractions within her agonizing as she struggles to contain the pee inside of her. The minutes pass by slowly as the plane slowly climbs. Jessica is squirming, trying not to pee in her skirt. The pressure is fiercely painful, the waves of pressure building, each one stronger than the last. Her crotch and tummy stings in pain from the held pee and she looks out the window, wondering when the plane will reach an altitude where they can cruise and she can go to the cramped little bathroom and pee before wetting in her clothing.

A moment of turbulence hits and Jessica almost pees into her panties, the fabric clinging to her most private area, but somehow she grips the armchair as tightly as she is gripping her bladder muscles and doesn't leak. The pain is weakening her, she is so incredibly desperate for relief she can't bear dealing with the constant stinging pain. The plane continues slowly climbing. Jessica sits there, in misery, her body now starting to spasm and then twitch. She needs to pee so badly she knows it's only a matter of time before she'll have an accident. She tries so hard to hold on, clutching the armrests harder; concentrating on her muscles, and barely holds her pee in.

The pain grows and the pressure spreads within her tortured body. Her need to pee is extreme now, greater than it ever has been in her entire life. She is on the verge of having an accident, but the "fasten seat belt" sign is still on. Jessica looks around in desperation, her head whipping towards the back of the cabin, then the front. She needs to pee immediately. She can't hold it much longer.

"Damn, damn, damn, I need to pee," she once again proclaims under her breath. A strange voice interrupts Jessica's concentration: "Wow, do you like have to go to the bathroom bad or something?" giggles the girl across from the aisle, the sister of the girl sitting next to her. She has noticed Jessica fidgeting and tapping her foot and it's now obvious to the passengers in that row that Jessica is struggling to maintain her dignity, trying to keep from urinating into her clothes as she sits there, trapped. "Um, yea," Jessica mumbles, unable to speak clearly. She needs to pee SO BAD. The girl giggles again.

Minutes pass, the "Fasten Seat Belt" sign still glowing, the beige plastic faded to a dirty yellow above the seats. The three flight attendants are nowhere to be seen. Jessica fights another rushing surge, battling with all of her might, the incredible pain of her swollen bladder. She can't sit still, her body convulsing in pain as her need increases. The dark haired girl sitting across from her looks up from her magazine and stares. She smiles and then looks away. Jessica doesn't notice her staring. The woman at the window is napping still, her laptop stowed after they started to takeoff. The two sisters are giggling- each stealing glances at Jessica as best they can, thinking that this girl sitting near them is about to have a pee accident. More minutes pass, and Jessica waits, her body racked with torture, her need to pee still growing.

The stinging pain expands, the waves of pressure almost constant, the violent throbbing so incessant Jessica can barely concentrate on breathing. Sweat beads on her neck, her legs are so tense that her quad muscles are like bricks. Her bladder still fills, the day's water and the diuretic wreaking havoc with the young woman. A surge. A violent throbbing sensation overcomes Jessica, one she can barely fight off. The pain screams inside of her, her pee on the very edge of her pee hole, dying to escape. She can't take it, she knows it's about to come out, she HAS to use the bathroom RIGHT NOW or she'll be peeing into her skirt.

She stands up, her bladder almost exploding as she does. She heads quickly down the aisle, stumbling. Her pee rushes to the edge of her pee hole, her urethra tortured. She's almost to the bathroom and her bladder now realizes that relief is near, so the pressure expands incredibly, she's about to pee on herself. She almost trips over this old man's outstretched foot. Her pee rushes to the edge of control, she only manages to contain the spurt by a little bit. Somehow she holds on. She reaches the back galley. The bathroom door is closed.

She reaches for it, urine almost releasing from her tormented body. Karen, the flight attendant, stops her. "I'm sorry Ma'am, the restrooms are not available until we reach cruising altitude. Please return to your seat until the fasten seat belt sign is turned off." Jessica's eyes grow wild. "But please, PLEASE, this is an emergency, I really need to go pee!!!" she begs. "Ma'am, please return to your seat. It's just a few more minutes." Jessica almost starts crying, the pee inside of her violently desiring release. She turns around with a tear running down her cheek. 

She's 26 years old and somebody has told her she couldn't use the bathroom, just like a child in school. She walks gingerly up the aisle, the pee ravaging her muscular body. She gets to her row and sits down in her seat, dejected. "What, they didn't let you go pee?" the girl sitting next to her says? "No," Jessica mumbles, fastening the chrome buckle on the seat belt and feeling the pressure expand. She almost cries, she needs to urinate so badly. "Wow, that sucks," says the girl who is sitting next to her, "cause I really need to go too!!" The girl then sits forward, her legs jammed together. The girl's sister starts laughing, saying "my sister's gonna pee her pants, my sister's gonna pee her pants!"

"Shut UP," the desperate girl screams, digging her hands deeper between her shorts, about to pee all over herself. "Ha, ha! I'm sitting in a row with two girls who are going to pee themselves," the teasing sister yells while her desperate sibling grimaces in pain. The struggling teenager next to Jessica is now obviously in complete agony as her 18 year old bladder fills beyond the limit with pee, and she struggles to hold it back, whimpering and moaning in desperation as she sits there in agony. Jessica tries to ignore the teasing of the other sister, but it makes her realize that she needs to pee even worse.

She thinks of what could happen if she can't make it to the bathroom in time and panics. She realizes she HAS to pee. She sits there, leaning slightly forward now, her knees together, one hand on the armrest, one hand pressing her thighs together. The pressure screams inside of her. The girl sitting next to her moans louder, and looks briefly at her younger sister in panic, then grimaces, twisting around in her seat in absolute pee desperation pain. A few minutes pass and then the plane appears to have leveled off. Jessica looks wistfully at the "Fasten Seat Belts" sign above, willing it to go off. "Please, please, please, oh GOD, please turn off," she begs silently, sitting there in the utmost desperation. 

She knows she'll have to go first, there is no way she can hold her pee while the other girl pees in front of her. She sits there, waiting, the pressure inside stinging, but the seat belt sign stays lit. Jessica can barely hold back, and neither can the girl next to her. Suddenly the girl next to her rapidly unfastens her seatbelt and screams, "I can't wait, oh damn, I can't wait. Shit..." and rushes down the aisle, walking quickly, her teenage bladder about to explode. Jessica watches with horror as she gets up with a four-inch wet spot on the bottom back of her short shorts. The girl rushes down the aisle, her bladder screaming inside of her, and halfway down the aisle a jet of pee bursts from her pee hole which she quickly clamps off, but not before the crotch of her blue jean short shorts has an even bigger wet spot.

She panics and walks faster, her pee about to explode again and thankfully, nobody stops her from entering the ladies' room. Jessica looks back in time to see the girl rush in. She waits for a minute, thinking she can go relieve the incredible torture as soon as the teenager comes back. Inside the restroom, the 18-year-old teenager hurriedly locks the door behind her as another uncontrolled burst of pee shoots out from her tortured body, again spraying into the fabric of her panties and shorts, flooding her clothes for a brief moment. Somehow she stops the flow, but she's starting to cry, the pressure is too great. She quickly yanks down her shorts, and before she can even pull her panties down to her knees, body spasms force her to start urinating uncontrollably.

The pee streams into her underwear due to the motion of trying to remove her clothes. She can't stop it this time, so she hurriedly sits down on the cold toilet seat and pees through her panties, the hot flowing urine flooding the cotton fabric, streaming into the steel basin of the toilet. The hot pee sizzles as it leaves the girl's tense body, her underwear now soaking wet as she urinates into and through them. Crying in embarrassment, she sits there, pee streaming out of her, wondering what she is going to do. Within a minute, she finishes and sheepishly removes her underwear.

She throws her stained and soaked panties into the garbage container beneath the sink and examines her shorts, seeing the clearly obvious pee spot where her two short bursts of pee sprayed into them. Taking a towel, she tries to dry off the wet spots, then pulls up her shorts with the wet edges noticeable against her butt, and washes her hands. Realizing she has no choice but to walk back, even though she has quite obviously started to pee into her shorts before she made it to the bathroom, she walks out the door, still embarrassed but glad she managed to go before she had a complete accident in her shorts. She knew it was close, so close. Having to sit on the toilet peeing into her own panties meant she made it by only a few seconds. Better to have thrown away a pair of panties instead of peeing into your shorts and having everybody know, she thinks to herself.

Amazingly for her sake, only a few people notice the dark wet mark on her shorts but nobody really realizes what had happened. As she gets back to her row, Jessica looks up at her and realizes that it's apparently okay to go to the bathroom now, even though the fasten seat belts sign is still illuminated above her. She unclasps her seatbelt with her bladder screaming. Standing up, the sister who just had a partial accident herself purposely trips Jessica. Jessica stumbles, grasps the armrest of the seat across from her, her forearm going in front of the guy's arm. She gasps as the momentary trip caused her to briefly lose control. She straightens herself up right again while very quickly peeing a few spurts into her panties. 

She panics at the feel of the slight wetness in her panties. She starts down the aisle, walking quickly but awkwardly as her bladder almost explodes. The pressure peaks and kicks the intensity beyond extreme. The plane encounters a burst of turbulence. Jessica grabs the seat next to her as her bladder violently throbs. She uncontrollably pees into her panties for one second. The wetness spreads. She panics, and then walks faster. Another spot of turbulence hits the plane. Jessica's bladder responds again and she starts to urinate. She pees for four seconds into her clothes this time before her incredibly well toned runner's muscles clench the flow. A small trickle of warm pee runs down her thigh and she feels the wetness, her face now red with embarrassment.

She's barely able to contain the rest of her pee inside- she's dying. She gets near the rear galley. The flight attendant, Karen, stands up. Jessica stands there, the lavatory blocked. She squirms as another burst of pee escapes her tortured urethra, causing her to pee into her skirt for another two seconds. A few droplets fall between her legs onto the industrial carpet of the airplane. Karen stares her down. "I'm sorry Miss, but as I told you, you can't use the restrooms until the fasten seat belt sign goes off. PLEASE go back to your seat now, we're experiencing turbulence," which is followed by another short burst of turbulence. Jessica tries to control herself as a short spurt again bursts, causing a trickle to run down her other thigh. She's losing control. She begs to the flight attendant. 

"Please, PLEASE, PLEASE, I'm starting to wet myself, I really can't hold it, please, oh God..." Jessica pauses. Another small burst escapes while pee trickles down her tense thigh. "Oh God, oh God, no," she's barely able to speak. "I need to go pee. Please, please I need to use the bathroom NOW, OH GOD!!! PLEASE!!!" she cries out, loudly, tears streaming. "Ma'am. NO. That's it. Per federal regulations, I'm classifying you as an unruly passenger. Heidi? Heidi, please help me escort this passenger back to her seat." She motions to the other flight attendant. Heidi and Karen forcefully turn Jessica around and lead her to her seat. Karen notices the wet streak marks on Jessica's gorgeous, muscular thighs and smiles.

Jessica stops mid cabin and begs. "NO, NOOO, NOOOOO, I'm really having an accident, please, PLEASE don't do this to me, please, PLEASE, NOOOOOOOO," she screams, all the passengers now watching what's happening. Karen refuses, pushing on Jessica's shoulders to turn her around facing back towards her row. Jessica again loses control, a two second burst of pee rushes out of her. She screams, "NOOOO, oh God NOOO, please NOOOOOOOO, oh God, OH GODDDD, please oh God, GODDDD, oh please," her voice high pitched, loud and strident with fear. Karen watches, from behind and sees the pee stream down through her panties onto the floor of the airplane. Karen's own nipples grow taut. 

