Lilith's night out
	Lilith's needs to pee sitting on her boyfriends lap.
kyaraLuna

It was the end of a cold, long but fulfilling day. The bright bustling city dimmed to a lowly tired pace as people disappeared in the darkness of the suburbs. The mindless workers swarmed the stations like flies around a light.

"Ahh... I'm so full." A tipsy voice spewed out. "we shouldn't have had ordered extra deserts and chocolate shake... Especially with kahlua!"

"Haha, come on. It wasn't take much." A deeper, more masculine voice replied as the dim street light revealed two figures, one slender and another taller and broader.

A tomboyish girl, her jumpsuit highlighted her curvy waist and hugged her toned legs and glutes. On the other hand, the physically larger male counterpart was dressed in a business suit, conservatively hiding his modest but obviously fit physique.

"Come on, lily, we've gotta hurry." The dominant male pulled lily's hands. "The bus is gonna leave soon."

"Ughh...wait..." Lilith groaned. Lilith's her actual name, but she prefers lily as it's obviously more convenient.

Lilith pulled her self together, resisting the urge to cross her legs or even hold herself. Her face flushed a bit as she tried not to embarrass herself with her restroom needs.

"You okay?" Alex questioned, as he stood in a super man like pose.

"Y-Yea." Lilith quickly replied as she reached into his forearm, pretending to straighten herself out.

It's been a while since she last used the bathroom. To be precise, she hasn't been since leaving the office, which was around 5 hours ago. The athletic girl felt her lower abdomen burn as her muscles struggled to maintain the reservoir.

To be fair, she wasn't wearing the most convenient layers, especially with her bodysuit and tights underneath. Her bloated belly wasn't exactly hidden as her blasted belt squeezing her like a balloon. One would obviously be deterred from going to the bathroom in an outfit like that.

"Damn, there's already a huge line." Alex announced while checking the timetable. "At least the bus will be here soon."

The depot was littered with people, the party goers, the drunks, the late office workers and couples -- like them eager to head home.

Lilith stood impatiently, shifting her weight left and right every so often.

Time felt exponentially longer, seconds felt like hours and minutes like days. Fortunately, the bus rolled up into the stop, just in time, but the two of them were nowhere near the front.

The crowded line slowly shuffled into the late-night bus, the people quickly filled the seats like water into a dry rag.

By the time, Alex and Lilith enter the bus, there was only one seat left. Alex was extreme exhausted, both mentally and physically drain from his work. Despite that, he still wanted to provide a seat to his girlfriend, only to think of a win-win solution.

"I know." Mused Alex, "You can sit on my lap, haha, a win win situation."

"S-sure." Lilith agreed hesitantly.

It didn't sound that bad of a situation to Lilith, at least they both get to sit down.

Alex dropped into the empty half of the seat, gently slapped his thigh, gesturing Lilith to sit. More and more people packed into the bus despite all the taken seats.

The strong-willed girl gritted her teeth as the bumpy bus blasted forward, struggling to hide her desperation and more so her garments dry.

The bus slowly left the city centre, full of mindless drones with their faces lit up by their phones. Lilith knew the hardest part was to come, twenty minutes on the lonely highway.

"Just a bit longer. And..." Quietly thought Lilith. "And I can finally go."

"You alright Lily?" Asked Alex as wrapped his arm around her stomach and pulled her in. A silent squeal escaped Lilith as she felt her lower muscles shudder as it was squeezed form the outside.

Alex caressed Lilith's smooth hair and kissed her ear.

"Something wrong?" Alex poked again as he noticed something bothering her. His other hand was still right on top of her belt; the nemesis of her bloated bladder. Alex was not only smart but perceptive too, he knew straight away she needed the restroom.

"N-nah..." She quickly denied as she subconsciously pulled his hand off her abdomen to her thigh.

Alex caressed Lilith's right thigh as she sat crossed legged on his lap.

"Don't worry, you're a big girl." Alex teased, "we're almost there."

The strong facade on her face slowly crumbled away into a light blush, flustering a bit as her cover was blown.

Her legs were pressed firmly together, obviously resisting her overwhelming urges.

"I-I don't know..." She whimpered, "how much longer I can hold it."

"You can do it, only a few more stops." Alex encouraged her.

She bit her bottom lips, trying to concentrate on her desperate needs. The crowded bus didn't help as she felt a cramped, especially her restricting belt. Despite passing a few stations, there were still no empty seats.

Lily was near her limit; slight sweat was brewing around her brow. She was breathing faster and deeper, like a small workout, to which it was a workout - for her bladder. Her legs now uncrossed, her thighs tightly squeezed together. She was unable to keep them still as her body rocked on Alex's right leg.

The pressure was immense, her bladder was stretched beyond normal capacity. She felt each individual muscle fibre straining as she desperately tried to stay dry.

The whole bus shuddered as it sped through a rocky road. The loud trembling broke the people's attention as they were absorbed into their hypnotic screens.

Lily gasped.

She felt her stomach sink as her body was jolted up and down.

Holding tightly onto the seat in front, she felt something amiss.

Small warmth grew around her nether regions. She quickly snapped back, tensing all her muscles like slamming the brakes. The unintentional flow died down, but the damage was done.

Alex couldn't hide his grin as he was experiencing this in person. He felt her soft squeal as she briefly lost control, not only that, but he felt the dampness penetrate his trousers. Lilith's leak was a miniscule part of her total tinkle tanker. She was now in the twilights edge, a ticking time bomb as the seal has broken.

"Ohhh, just a little longer." Lilith pleaded to herself. "We're almost at my stop, then... Then I can finally go."

She unconsciously began grinding Alex's leg, the rough denim caressed her smooth but sodden bodysuit. The gentle motion distracted her from her impending eruption.

Alex stayed in the background. Amused in the situation, he began rocking his leg to aid. Lilith's nether region was pulsing for relief, her bladder has tasted and hungers for freedom.

"I can't do it." Lilith thought. "Ohh, I can't wet myself!"

Frozen in limbo, her right hand was glued onto a handle and her left hand was numb as it was crushed between her legs. She knew the previous leak soaked through her layers, desperately trying to hold on as they approach their stop.

Her bladder suddenly spams.

Alex could feel Lilith's legs tremble violently on top. Not soon after, he feels his pants becoming saturated again, a couple to trails running down his calf before cutting off. He knew she was at her limit. Thinking quickly to get out of the embarrassing situation, he rings the bell for the next stop coming up.

"You can hold it." Alex whispers and encourages her. "We're almost there."

The bus pulls into the stop and slowly comes to a halt. Lilith's heart was racing managing to hold on against all odds, her adrenaline aiding her as she gets up. Alex helps her to her foot and leads to outside the bus. Alex pulled her down the quite street before Lilith stopping dead in her track.

"I-I cant hold it." Lilith cried out. "Oh God."

Lilith quick dashed into a small shrub, trying to undress herself. Her fingers fumbling to find each button, her hands shaking as she undoes them. Her bladder slowly starts dribbles before turning into a light leak.

Lilith quickly rips her belt off after clearing her challenging buttons, pulling the suit straight down. Plopping a squat right there just as a large hissing noise becomes audible. She didn't care about peeing through her bodysuit, tights or panties. Only the blissful relief.

Alex tried not to stare, but to no avail. His hand caressing his thigh before smelling it. Quickly pulling his hand away as Lilith looked over. She quickly pulled up her jumpsuit and jumped towards Alex.

"Close call, eh?" She smiled with obvious relief.

"Haha, too Close." Joked Alex. "Too close."

They both quietly walked home, embarrassed but relieved.
