Elena's Kidnapping

by Zac

Elena pressed her legs together as the French literature class came to an end. Having consumed two bottles of water during its a course in addition to the two Starbuck's coffees earlier in the day, she tried her best to quell the rantings of an angry bladder. Her slim fitting expensive faded Italian jeans weren't helping. Being a shy girl, she didn't want to excuse herself during the class. She generally liked to keep a low profile as her father was a wealthy Russian businessman and part of the reason she had been sent to an American University was because of the constant threat of kidnapping that haunted her and her brother.

Much to Elena's relief, the professor didn't ponder much longer and left in something of a hurry. Her shyness and discretion forbade her from displaying her desperation. So she waited for everyone to leave. It seemed an eternity, and her bladder constantly throbbed, threatening to subject her to the humiliating experience of a public accident. She was a tall girl and the cramped space that was her desk didn't allow her to cross and uncross her legs. She simply bore it by shoving her hand between them.

When she was sure everyone had left, she started hobbling towards the toilets. Having a high standard of hygiene, she had never used them before, preferring instead to reach her apartment in a fashionable neighbourhood in the city. But this was an emergency.

Frantically she searched for the toilets when she suddenly saw a well-dressed woman approaching her. Having no other option, she hobbled towards the woman and asked her if she knew where the toilets were. The woman appeared to be Russian, much to Elena's relief. She reassured her that there was a restaurant in the vicinity where they could go. It was only a minute's walk. This would enable them to build a new friendship.

Being homesick, Elena was delighted at the prospect of making a new Russian friend in the city. Happily she accepted. The security of knowing that relief was soon at hand enabled to push her throbbing bladder to the backburner. For Elena was one of those girls whose desperation was often aggravated by not knowing where the toilets were. She often controlled herself better when she knew where they were.

They reached the restaurant and took a seat. Elena meanwhile headed in the direction of the sign which said "Restrooms." She found her way easily, but was annoyed to find another sign: "Closed for maintenance." She hobbled back to her seat and tightly crossed her legs while she waited for the loos to open. Nervously she sipped her Perrier and finished it quickly. Soon she became aware that the universe was collapsing in on her. Her head began to throb and she was enveloped in darkness.

When Elena came to, the darkness remained. She tried to speak but she couldn't. Something appeared to have taped her mouth shut. And her hands were bound behind her back with something metallic--presumably handcuffs. The same applied to her ankles. And she was seated on a chair. In the background, she could hear female voices, one of them belonging to the woman who she had met on campus. Her bladder hadn't however taken these new circumstances into consideration. It continued to knock painfully at her sphincter. She squirmed and moaned, but to no avail. One of the voices told her to shut up in Russian. She had to bear it.

It was obvious she had been kidnapped. Soon there was silence. Her captors appeared to have left the room leaving her in this uncomfortable situation. She clenched her thighs tight, but the coffee and water proved to be more than a match. They hit back hard. Elena felt a brief spurt into her red panties. She sobbed. Her expensive jeans. Soon to be ruined. She was determined not to let the damage get any worse. She would wait for her captors to return.

Stoically she clenched every muscle in her body. But as is the case in these situations, this only aggravated her need. Her feeling of warmth between her legs began to increase as she gradually realised the horror of her situation. She was beginning to wet herself uncontrollably. And this being her first pee since she had gone in the morning, it was more concentrated. Her thighs began to chafe and she felt sticky and dirty. She burst into tears as she realised that she was going to have spend a long time in this situation.

