This morning, I awoke with my hand firmly gripped on my rock hard member. I don't know what I had been dreaming about or what caused this amazing hard on but it sure felt wonderful. It was particularly nice this morning because I really had to pee badly– very badly. In fact, I couldn't tell if I was about to cum or pee. In either event I was going to leave my sleepy wife in bed and go get some relief in the bathroom.
In the same second as I was about to throw off the covers and roll out, She turned towards me, flopped her arm down on my stomach and laid her hand across my dick. It seems she was about to wake up too and suddenly realized how big and hard I was. I couldn't tell her about how much I had to pee because she doesn't find these games of mine appealing. Water sports are mine alone to enjoy in our house but she did like to turn me on, otherwise.
She liked to tease me and with her hand now stroking my dick, I was absolutely going to either explode with cum or flood the bed with pee. Well, she must have been a bit frisky this morning because without one word from me, she was down with her head on my stomach bathing my writhing woody with her tongue and saliva. Slowly back and forth, up and down and all over me with her tongue she was.
I could feel my internal valves fighting to stay closed as the need to cum was really fighting to win out over the urge to pee. Her head was pushing on my bladder and I could barely hold on. I was so afraid I would fill her mouth with pee but I just couldn't bring myself to have her stop.
She said to me, "Gosh Hun, You're really going to explode any second, aren't you?"
Right then and there I could feel every vein in my prick just bursting and all of a sudden I was overcome with orgasm. She felt it coming too, as each pulse was more powerful than the next. In one final pump, I let go; she had surrounded my dick head with her mouth and literally drained my balls with her sucking. A fantastic orgasm!
There was no time to waste now! I kissed her head, quickly moved her aside and ran into the bathroom. My dick was pounding but in just a few seconds came the most powerful stream of pee I can ever remember. In a few minutes it was all over. I crawled back to bed and she said to me, "I really love it when you have one of those amazing piss hard–ons!"
Beemer Bob