The Girl on the Subway
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

Last summer I was riding the subway on my way to work. It was one of those hot, hot summer days when everyone was wearing the least amount of clothing. At the station after I got on, I just managed to get the last seat. I was about to read my paper when I saw a very, very attractive, pretty young woman get on the car. She was about 5 foot five, just the right height for her head to rest against my shoulder if I were holding her. She was wearing a tan-colored, sleeveless top, and fairly tight khaki colored shorts that came down to about halfway to her knees. Her fair, almost blond, hair fell forward over her shoulders as she sat down.

She was quite breathless, having obviously had to run to catch the train, and her slightly flushed face added to her sexuality. She had a rather childish innocent face, with a cute slightly up turned nose, and her nostrils were flaring as she breathed hard to recover after her exertion. But, it was her legs that really caught my attention. The only way I can describe them is to say that they were perfect, in my opinion. 

Her shorts showed enough of her thighs so that I knew they were really slender, without being skinny. Her legs were long, again well shaped without being bony, and her ankles just seemed to `melt' into her blue and white sneakers. I'd say she was probably no older than about nineteen or twenty. She was clutching a white canvas purse which was hanging from her shoulder. She looked around for a seat, and finding none stood just in front of me. I pretended to read my paper, but all the time I was feasting my eyes on those fantastic legs, just a couple of feet in front of me. She was standing facing me, maybe she sensed my gaze, for she turned away slightly.

She seemed a little agitated, for she glanced at her watch and walked a few steps forwards and then back again. She hung onto the overhead strap with both hands as the train started, having to stretch up to do so, making her shorts move up just a tantalizing inch further up her thighs. As the train lurched, I expected her to stand with her feet apart to steady herself, but instead she crossed her legs, placing one foot directly behind the other, squeezing her knees together. This intrigued me, and I began to wonder if she was uncomfortable. My heart began to beat faster as I started to imagine that maybe she hadn't had time to visit the restroom as she rushed for the train.

After a couple of minutes my suspicions were further strengthened when she bent her knees and leant forwards a little. She rested all her weight on one leg, and began to rub the toes of her other foot against the side of her ankle. After a few seconds she switched her weight to the other foot and repeated the ankle rubbing, interspersed with rapid toe tapping which made her body jiggle a little. I looked up at her face, and she was clearly in some distress, with her lips tightly pressed together. I could see her grimacing as she obviously was becoming more and more preoccupied with her growing discomfort.

By now I knew for sure that she was in a desperate situation. She swung her purse around to her front, and pressed it against her crotch with one hand, while she hung on to the overhead strap with the other. I knew that she was fast approaching desperation stage nine (stage one is just having gone to the bathroom, and stage ten is loss of control).

The conductor came on the PA system and told us he was going to have to stop the train before the next station, due to signal failure "Oh No!"; she moaned out loud, leaning over and pressing her purse tightly against her. The train gave a sudden lurch, and she was forced to turn to face me as she let go the purse and grabbed onto the strap with both hands. Her purse swung to one side, so I could see the front of her shorts. 

The train continued to lurch from one side to the other, forcing her to hang on to the strap with both hands. She tried to grab her purse, with the intention of covering herself, but the movements of the train made it impossible. She swayed standing on one leg as she bent her knees. I saw a dark patch begin to spread down from her crotch, as she started to wet her pants. In a few seconds it was about four inches across and halfway down her shorts. I looked up at her, but she was looking at the floor. She glanced at me and blushed deeply with embarrassment as she swung the purse in front of her to cover herself now that the train was slowing to a halt.

The chivalrous part of me said that I should offer her my place so she could sit down. However, the sexy part of me kept reminding me that I was only a couple of feet from this extraordinarily attractive young woman with great legs and wearing shorts, who had started to wet her panties, and was struggling desperately to avoid giving her already damp panties and shorts a thoroughly embarrassing wetting. I was sure that in a very short while she would be forced to soak her self and that I would soon see her shorts become saturated, and watch those incredibly sexy legs become all shiny and wet as her agonizing bladder burst to overflowing into her panties. I didn't have long to wait. She stood facing the front of the car, so I had a sideways view. 

She kept tensing and relaxing her buttock muscles, standing with one leg in front of the other, so I could see the inside of her left thigh. Suddenly she pressed her purse tightly against the front of her shorts, and stood absolutely still. Little trickles began to run down the inside of her thigh and dribbled down her leg onto her sneakers. Then her body jerked and the trickles stopped as she regained control.

Then the train started and began to lurch. Again she was forced to hang on with both hands. Again her purse swung away, revealing her shorts which were now completely soaked from her crotch right down. Being unable to press her purse against herself was her undoing. She lost control completely, her shorts became glistening with wetness and the trickles became a flood which flowed down her legs, and, were they ever wet and shiny! The train stopped lurching and she pressed one hand against her crotch so trickles ran out between her fingers. I looked up at her, she was crying with frustration and her eyes were tightly closed. After about 30 seconds the flow stopped and she opened her eyes. I asked her if she would like to sit down. 

She quickly accepted. After that we began to chat - she talked quickly and nervously as she tried to cover her awkwardness. We discovered we were going to the same concert, and I offered to walk with her to the concert hall.

When she stood up, she quickly turned towards the window so no one could see the wet front of her shorts. Then she adjusted the strap on her purse so that it would hang in front of her, hiding her embarrassment. She started to walk, and after only a minute or so her legs were completely dry.

"I'm really embarrassed about this." she said hesitatingly.

I took a deep breath "Don't worry - actually, I think you looked really sexy!" I managed to say. There, I'd said it!

She didn't look upset or offended - I guess she really didn't know what to say to my remark, so she just looked at me with her lovely blue, blue eyes which were wide with surprise, and parted her lips slightly as if to say something, but she wasn't sure what to say, so she just said :

"Oh, I see".

Then she tossed her head so that her hair was flung over her shoulders, and took my arm as we walked towards the concert hall.

And I knew that I had found someone really special.

