My girlfriend and I had been discussing a mid–winter vacation for a few weeks, but still had not decided on a destination. I had my heart set on Las Vegas–I thought the dry heat and sun would be invigorating. Well, that's what I said to my girlfriend. She wanted to go to Japan. She had taken an interest in the country and the culture from travel documentaries on TV, and recently she had begun taking lessons in speaking Japanese.
We decided to meet one evening after work to decide. We would discuss the matter over a few pale ales, persuading each other with pictures from brochures and well–reasoned arguments. She thought Vegas was tacky and decadent (exactly the point, I thought). I thought Japan would be too unfamiliar to really allow us to unwind. 'Let's flip a coin,' I said after several hours and several pints. 'Good idea.' She got up from her barstool and adjusted her skirt. 'Just as soon as I get back from the bathroom.' She briefly let her hand rest on her abdomen and made a quick frown. While she had been developing an interest in Japan, I had a new interest blossoming as well.
'Hold up,' I said, 'let's just take off. I think the meter is already expired, and the line for the women's looks a little long. It's quicker if we just go. We can flip a coin at home.' She glanced at the line for the bathroom and hesitated. 'OK, but drive fast.'
On the way home, I kept glancing over at my girlfriend. Her legs were crossed at the knee, her hands folded on lap, and she stared absent–mindedly out the window. Every now and again, she would bite her lip.
When we got into the neighborhood, I took my time finding a parking spot. She was getting irritated, and I was getting all heated up. She was careful going up the stairs to protect her fragile bladder. I was careful to get to the lock ahead of her to be first in the apartment–I didn't want her running off to the bathroom right away and ruining my fun. Once inside, I turned to her and said, 'So you really want to go to Japan, huh?'
'Yeah, and we can talk about it in a minute,' she said and made for her relief. I blocked the doorway to the bathroom.
'Can't you tell me after? Move out of my way!' She gave me a little shove.
'I agree to go to Japan,' I said, 'if you do something for me.'
Her face, which had lit up momentarily, clouded again at my mention of a condition. 'And what's that?'
'I agree to go to Japan with you as long as you agree that you won't go to the bathroom for the next three hours.'
'Why the hell would I do that? What's that got to do with anything?'
'It's the deal,' I said. 'We can flip a coin, or you can be guaranteed a vacation in Tokyo.'
She agreed, sat down on the couch, and flipped on the TV.
The next 45 minutes passed without event, aside from her alternating looks of confusion, anger, and growing need. 'This is stupid,' she snapped. 'I am fucking taking a piss.'
'Fine. Start saving your nickels for the slots in Vegas'
She shot me a horrible look, and sat down. 'But baby, I really have to go!' Her voice took on the begging quality of a spoiled brat. Her hands were stuffed into her crotch, and she jumped up and down a few times to drive the point home. Apparently, she had held out as long as she could, and now the need for relief was screaming up from her swollen bladder. 'Oh God, I really, really have to go.'
I was in heaven. 'Well, that's the idea. I want to watch you, the look on your face as your need for relief grows every minute.'
She pranced around the room, a sexy moan escaping form her every few moments. She rubbed her belly a little, and let out a sharp sigh. 'Baby,' I called to her, 'come over here. Sit down.' I patted my knee, and she sat down, legs astride. I moved my hand up her thigh and ass. 'Just consider this a little compromise. Think of all you'll be getting.'
She writhed her mound on my leg a little to take her mind off her predicament. 'But baby, I am so full. I'm bursting. Please let me go to the bathroom. I have to so bad.' She punctuated this last statement with a little spasm, grinding her mound on my thigh very hard and shuddering. I don't know if a few drops had escaped or if she was getting turned on, but I could feel a little dampness on my leg. 'Are you wetting already?' I asked.
'No, no, I am holding it for you, I am holding all my pee for you.' She snuggled in to give me a kiss.
'Good baby,' I said, and without warning, I bounced my leg up and down a few times. She yelped and shut her eyes tight in a delicious expression of pure need. Her bladder shrieked. A little leak spurted out of her, and she threw herself around me, as if she wanted to use my body as a dam to stem the flow of her piss. She ground her hips so hard into my stiff cock I thought she would break me.
'Ple–ah. Oh, pleeease. Let me go pee. I need to go soooo bad. Oh God.'
'Baby doll, remember our deal. You have a long way to go yet.'
She scowled again, this time with real anger, and sat down next to me on the couch. She crossed her legs. Then uncrossed them. She squirmed a little, wriggling her ass against the cushion. She had started to breathe heavily, and was sweating visibly.
'Need a glass of water to cool off?' I teased. 'A tall iced tea?' She punched me in the shoulder. 'You ought to take off some of your clothes,' I suggested. 'You'll feel freer that way. Less pressure on your bladder.' I leaned in and tickled her a little. She let out a few more drops, and caught herself.
'You are such an asshole,' she hissed.
'You'll be going to Japan with this asshole. Just a while more, baby.'
Apparently she liked the idea of removing some layers, or maybe she thought she could persuade me to let her piss sooner if she was wearing just her black bra, stockings, and panties. She sat there with her knees together, writhing and squirming with a huge need for relief. She shut her eyes tight, and then opened them wide as new surge of need welled up in her. She looked as if she had been possessed by some spirit, and was about to start speaking in tongues.
'Ahhh, have to pee,' she managed. She hugged her knees. A large wet spot was visible on her panties. She lay down on the couch with the pillows behind her back, and began bucking her hips a little bit as if she was searching for an imaginary cock. She pressed her hand into her crotch as hard as she could. All of her moaning and cooing and wriggling made her look like she was on the verge of some tremendous body–wracking orgasm that kept eluding her.
Her breasts heaved and she summoned all her strength and willpower to not piss all over herself. Her belly was bloated. Her right hand began to massage her clit, and she moaned now for a different reason. She allowed her knees to spread dangerously wide, and she began masturbating with abandon. I had to follow her lead. I pulled out my cock, which had been leaking all over my underwear, and began tugging a little bit at the gorgeous sight before me. I could tell, though, that a few stroked would do me in and end all of my fun. I had to put an end to her fun as well; as she approached her climax, she began spurting warm jets of piss. I pulled her hand away. 'Keep holding it in, baby' I reminded her.
'Oh God, let me please. Let me pee. I'm bursting. Oh god. I can't. I can't. I need to wet. So bad. SSSoooo bad.'
It looked like a few tears were welling up in her. 'Do you have to go bad, baby?'
'YES, oh please I'll do anything please I am about to wet I have to let it out I can't it hurts.'
'No, baby. Not yet.'
'Ohhhhh God pleeeeease let me piss. I have to PLEASE.'
She was almost sobbing with the effort to keep her bladder intact, and she was shuddering a little. Her eyes were wet, her panties were wet, and her breasts were bouncing slightly with every sob.
'I'll let you go soon baby. Soon.'
She moved face down on the couch, sobbing into the pillows and grinding her clit onto the cushions. Her ass looked astonishing with her damp panties clinging to her, and her stocking–covered toes were pointing straight up. But once again I caught her–she was secretly trying to empty a few drops into the cushions, hoping I wouldn't notice.
'No, baby! No you don't!' I slapped her beautiful ass. It's so firm it barely moved. She howled and moaned.
'Let me go I can't hold it I don't care about our trip,' she sobbed. 'Oh god I have to go so bad. 'Why are you torturing me?' she whined.
She was thrashing her hips around violently, trying to work against the pressure in her bursting bladder. 'Uuuunngh. AAAAAHHHHH. God.'
I was going to cum just from watching her desperation. Then I had an idea.
'Well, baby, you still have about half an hour left before you can sit on the toilet and let your piss flow.' She let out a desperate moan. 'But I don't think you'll make it. I know how we can speed things along for you. Take off all of your clothes.'
She looked at me reluctantly, then with some relief. She unclasped her bra, letting her large breasts fall free. Then she bent over to drop her panties, squirting a few drops as she did so.
She stood there nude, her hands in her crotch. I removed all my clothing and lay down on the floor. I felt like half of the blood in my body had flowed into my cock, which was as stiff as it had ever been in my life.
'Make love to me, sweetie– I want to be inside you.'
She began to lower her dampness onto me. Not even halfway in, though, she began to protest. 'No– too much! No, have too pee. Too full. Ahhhh.'
I grabbed her hips and sank my cock all the way into her. She shuddered and gasped. My cock was pressing into her bladder, making it howl for relief. 'Nooo, ah, ah, no, it hurts, oh jesus I have to wet so bad so bad please.'
My cock had never throbbed so much. Her squirming and writhing made her a tremendous lay, and the idea of her need made me fight to keep from coming immediately. And I wasn't the only one on the fast track to a huge cum.
She thrust her right hand down and began rubbing her clit as she bucked on my cock. Her breasts leapt in the air, and her ass came down hard on my thighs. She was screaming with need, and with pleasure. She had caught up to that orgasm that had eluded her. 'Oh shit, oh I can't any more cum pee cum have to pee. Ahhhh.'
She raised herself one last time, took a deep breath, and impaled herself on my cock. I sunk in deeper than I had ever reached. 'N– N– ah ah oooohhhhhh.'
Her body shuddered with a huge orgasm and her piss flooded out of her. As her wetness hit my thighs I lost it. I came so hard I thought my back would break. All I saw was white light. Our bodies done emptying themselves, I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. She squeezed out the last remaining drops, and I felt her contract around my cock.
I was happy to be going to Japan.
By: Go Home Smiling ( Email Welcome... just click on the name and remove the REMOVETHIS part )