Squirming Dance Partner
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

What happened was one night I was at a club up in Boston when I met this really cute, slim brunette. When I worked up the courage to approach her, I heard her mention to someone that she worked in retail so I figured I'd bring up a topic related to sales.

Well anyway, that pretty much broke the ice as we started to get comfortable talking to each other. When I introduced myself, she said her name was Kristen. After a few more sentences of conversation, I asked Kristen if I could buy her a drink. She requested a strawberry daiquiri while I had a beer. Around this time, I started to notice her squirming a little. I asked her if she was okay, she answered 'Oh yeah, I'm fine'

I said 'you seem a little uncomfortable.'

Kristen replied 'no, I'm all right.'

I didn't want to ask her if she needed to pee and embarrass her so I figured I'd let it go. We just sat there and sipped our drinks and chatted for a bit while I may have peaked at her squirming some more. When I finished my beer, I went over to the men's room to relieve myself. While I was in there peeing, I started wondering to myself why Kristen wouldn't just use the ladies room if it's obvious she needs to pee I figured maybe she didn't like public restrooms, maybe the line was too long, it may have even been possible she had a pee fetish. When I was done and emerged from there, I passed by the ladies room and it only had about three ladies waiting in line. why wouldn't Kristen join them? She would've had her chance by now. well, I returned to the bar where Kristen was sipping another drink and another beer was waiting for me. I thought 'wow, I like this chick, she's fair and generous.'

I also noticed her crossing her legs a bit, it seemed like she really had to go now. I decided not to bring any of it up as it were she didn't seem to want me to know of her predicament. I then asked Kristen to dance and she accepted. the band played a slow love ballad so we had a slow dance. while we danced, I felt her crotch rubbing on me, I figured maybe the fact that she needed to pee was making her horny. This was seriously starting to turn me on, and knowing she was desperate made me want her a little bit more. Later, we went over to the pool table and played a game together.

When I went to make a shot, Kristen went to sit down and I saw out of the corner of my eye that she was squeezing her legs together. I started to get the urge to ask her why she wouldn't use the bathroom, but to be totally honest, I kind of wished I could see her pee herself, even if it was in private. Then she said 'Hey, let's get another drink.'

Hmm, I thought, maybe she wants me to see her pee herself. Whenever she thought I wasn't looking, Kristen would be holding her crotch with her hands to ease the pressure and at this point it was quite apparent that she really needed to go. Well, the third drink got her buzzed and when the hand played a hard rocker that we both liked, she got me up to dance again. Well, when on the dance floor, we made some pretty hard moves (grooves), suddenly, Kristen let a little out and it followed by a large gush. She was pissing her pants and unable to stop it. Luckily, she was wearing dark jeans and the spotlight wasn't right on us so no one else noticed it.

Kristen, however, was totally numb and maybe even paralyzed with shock. Me, I was not the least bit embarrassed. In fact, it made me really horny. I thought I was going to have an erection right there. when Kristen finally realized what she had done, she suddenly had a sick look on her face and started dashing for the front door, as if to escape ridicule from the other patrons or get thrown out by the owner, I'm not sure.

When we got outside, I thought she was getting ready to cry. I tried consoling her, telling her no biggie. She said, 'You're just being nice, I can't believe what I did.'

I gallantly offered to take her home.

On the way, I asked her the question, 'Why didn't you use the bathroom in there?' She said she didn't like public bathrooms and the ladies room in the bar was too dirty and gross.

When I got her home, I decided to let on how sexy I thought it was when a cute girl like herself wets her panties and after convincing her that I wasn't acting out of pity or kindness, that it was thew honest truth, I finally won her over. She asked me to excuse her while she showered and even let me peel off her soaked dark jeans. During that time, I tried my hardest not to jack off and contain myself.

When she came out and slipped into some dry panties and a her nightgown, she teasingly asked me to join her and well, we played all these different wetting games and this was one night, I'll never forget.

