I've always been a bit of a dirty girl. I like to piss my panties whenever I can and even better, I love to watch a hot sexy girl lose control and piss inside her clothes. This is exactly what happened to me last summer, when I was 18.
I was on a night out with a group of friends. I was already really horny because before I had gone out, I'd taken a shower, making sure I was desperate before I got in. It turned me on so much to step away from the shower and let my piss go, running down the insides of my legs until I came with pleasure.
But when we arrived at the bus stop, I saw Sophie was there, looking gorgeous and sexy. Her wonderful, full breasts were pushing to escape from her strappy top and her blue jeans clung to her perfect ass. She was always really flirty with me so when she came over she gave me a little friendly kiss on the mouth, but I was so turned on I couldn't help slipping my tongue in. She smiled back and went to sit on the backseat of the bus.
I knew I wanted some wet fun myself later that night so I kept drinking on the bus from a huge bottle of water. I made sure I offered it round like a nice girl and I noticed Sophie took some. I couldn't help imagining her bent over trying not to wet her panties, sexy and desperate...
By the time we got to the club I was starting to feel a bit tingly, and that got a lot more obvious after 3 beers. After a lot of practice, I'm pretty good at holding my drink so I knew I had a while to go before I was ready to pee.
However, I was with Sophie for most of the night. We danced together the whole time, or stomachs and breasts moving close to each other and we shimmied up and down. Every time she pressed against me tightly I could feel my bladder squirm with pleasure and a growing desperation. This was all turning me on way too much, and with all I'd been drinking I was growing more and more horny. Sophie kept buying us both drinks, so many I must have lost count, although I was still sober enough to know I was getting nearer to wetting.
I yelled in her ear, over the loud music, "I'm gonna have to go pee honey, I'm desperate here!" My plan was to get out of my skintight black trousers and pee my panties on the toilet so no one would know. There was a massive line for the ladies and by the end I could feel myself losing control, all those beers were taking their toll! I got inside the cubicle and tore off my trousers, but as I did a spurt of pee splashed out, onto the floor. I was sure the people outside could tell, as I was really paranoid about peeing. I grabbed my slightly wet crotch and felt a tiny trickle of pee seeping through my black panties. I couldn't even sit down so I stood above the toilet; legs open, and let go, peeing so, so fast through the cotton. As I did it felt so good that I just couldn't stop. I came suddenly at the intense pleasure but managed to stop peeing. I wanted some for later.
I left the toilets feeling better but like I could have peed some more. Sophie came up to me and pushed another drink into my hand. We carried on dancing for what must have been a couple of more hours and a good few drinks! However, we had the late–late bus to catch. When we looked at our watches we realized we only had 5 minutes to get across town and get on it! I was sure we'd never make it. And we certainly didn't make it.
We ran out of the club but it's hard to get anywhere fast in heels and I noticed Sophie was tottering more than usual. I asked if she was ok and she just nodded. By the time we hit the park, which was about halfway across town, the bus must have been getting ready to set off. It was at that point Sophie stopped dead.
"I know this is the wrong time, but I'm dying for a piss," she said, with a look of panic in her eyes. "I wanted to go before we left the club there was no time."
"Well," I said, "to be honest, I think we've just missed our bus darling, so we can go back if you want and get a taxi."
"But we'll have to pay to get in again, and then we can't afford a ride. And to be honest...I don't know if I can make it all the way back there!"
She looked really upset now, sweating slightly, her hands pressed to her crotch, legs crossed over on top of them. She was slightly bent over, swaying back and forth trying to stop the need to pee. It was JUST like my fantasy and I felt myself growing hot and horny. I reached into my bag and finished off the last of my water bottle, so I could feel my bladder pressing against my waistband. I was already wet but it wasn't pee...
"O my God, I don't think I can hold it any longer. What am I going to do?" she squealed in desperation.
"Don't worry Soph, it's OK! Just let it go. I honestly don't mind and I promise I won't tell anyone."
"I can't," she protested, "It's too embarrassing! Anyway, I don't think I can, I've never done it before."
So I told her. All about my fetish and about how I peed in the shower before coming out, how I wet myself in the ladies and how I thought I was about to now.
"Arggh all that talking about peeing is making it worse!" she cried. " I can't hold it...O my God...help!"
I moved over to her just in time to see a dark stain seep through her jeans. She pressed desperately against the mark and managed to control herself again. But slowly I took her hand and moved it away.
"Just let it go, you'll feel so much better, and it's REALLY turning me on!" I said. She giggled and let me take her hand away. She was still trying to fight it, though. But she couldn't. Once again I watched her start to piss, as it poured down her legs soaking her jeans. I moved in closer and felt the warm wetness seeping into the denim. She was breathing fast as she let go, a final gush spilling out and running off my palm.
It was only then I felt the same warmth spreading between my legs. Laughing, I eased down my jeans, led her hand down to my wet crotch, and let her feel my hot stream as I pissed myself again. I couldn't stop, and I could see that she was really turned on too. She pulled into me, my piss wetting both of our already soaking legs and as we kissed I came in an explosion of pleasure and piss.
The taxi ride home was another story...
By: TM–Peegirl