Note: This story contains Female & Male Wetting, Foreplay, and Exhibitionism.
Natalie had long dark auburn hair and was a slightly plump but pretty girl in her late teens who had a crush on me, despite the fact that I am about 20 years or so her senior. I often visited her parents at their home and Natalie would almost always sit next to me on the sofa. On a couple of occasions she had shown me something of her body, and strangely her parents hadn't objected. The first occasion was when her mum came in with some new clothes for her. She immediately took them out of the bags and held up a blouse and a bra. Without further ado she stood up, facing me, and removed her top and bra, her ample 38DD breasts bouncing before me. She took her time trying on her new clothes, showed her mum, then, facing me again, removed them, and carefully folded them, pointedly looking at my crotch, which was, of course, bulging. She then put her new clothes down and put on her old ones, before sitting down next to me again.
The second time, Natalie showed me her all. That was on another occasion when I was visiting her parents, but I had arrived whilst they were out. Natalie made me a coffee and then, to my surprise, instead of sitting next to me excused herself and disappeared. A few minutes later she reappeared wearing a see through negligee– nothing on underneath it, just the negligee. "Look what mummy bought me," she said with a huge grin on her face. She opened it to show me how delicate the material was and, of course, she couldn't resist whisking her beautiful breasts past my face, causing my crotch to swell again, Next she placed her foot on the arm of the sofa next to me, bringing her pussy within inches of my face. Looking straight at my groin she gave it a gentle, almost accidental rub and then disappeared again. She came back a few minutes later wearing her normal sweater and jeans and sat down next to me, only a few minutes before her parents returned.
I visited again a few days later, and I arrived just as Natalie was about to walk to the local shops, so I accompanied her. She spent a while getting the shopping she needed, and then we started walking back to her home, only instead of walking the usual road way, she steered me through the back lanes. I thought little of it, until she stopped, pulled me towards her and kissed me full on the lips, slipping her tongue between my lips. I was shocked but reciprocated and we snogged for several minutes. Her hand strayed to my well–swollen groin, and my hands explored her voluptuous breasts. As she rubbed my groin she broke off her kissing and said, "Wow you're certainly excited about something." Sliding one hand down from her breasts, over her stomach, into the waist of her jeans and panties and down under her pussy I found her to be quite wet.
"You seem quite excited too," I said, "or else you need a pee and you've leaked a bit." "Hmm that could be arranged," purred Natalie, "If you wanted."
My cock gave a twitch at the thought of it, and Natalie picked up on it immediately. "It would seem you might want that judging by your pecker's reaction," she said. "Let's see if we can oblige," and she immediately let escape a few drops of hot golden pee into my hand.
I was shocked at first. "Natalie, be careful," I cautioned her. "Your parents will be cross if you go in with your jeans pissed in." "Not to worry, they're away visiting Nan & Grandpa in Glasgow this weekend and won't be back till Sunday late," came her reply, and with that she dribbled some more golden pee into my hand. "I don't really need to go much, yet," she went on, "so we could carry on back home and continue from there if you want."
I couldn't believe what was happening. Not only had she followed through on the crush she had on me, but also here she was offering to fulfil my wildest dreams. "Erm sure, OK," I said, and I removed my hand from inside her underwear and we walked back to her home. 
As soon as she had put her shopping away, she made us both a large cool drink and then said, "How do you want to do this? Do you want us to sit and chat till we want to go and then watch each other do it? Do you want to make a contest of it to see who can wait the longest, or who does the most? Or do you want to wait till we are both very full and then do it on each other?" "Strewth, you sound as though you're quite experienced at this, " I said, still feeling shocked. "Do you do this sort of thing often?" "Gosh, no," Natalie replied, "But I do surf the net and I've read about it and I'd like to try it, but I've never had the chance before. Then when we snogged in the lane and you said about me wanting a pee when my pussy was wet, I thought you, I, er we might try it. What do you say?" "Yeah, OK" I said, trying not to sound too eager, even though I was. "What would you most like to do?" "Well, we could start with a contest to see who has to go first, and then when they do, they have to do it so that the other one can watch. How about that? Ooh, and we both have to drink a glass of water every half hour, otherwise it'll take an age." "OK, lets do it," I agreed and I stood up and went to get us a couple of glasses of water. We snogged, and drank and chatted for a while. We talked about Natalie's fantasies, and what she'd like to do; when she started to fancy me, and the things she'd thought about us doing. At the same time she stroked my groin and I stroked hers. After a while one of us suggested we strip off, so we did. 
She smiled when she saw my uncircumcised cock. "Hey, I've always wanted to play with someone with foreskin" she said. "I never knew you were uncut." "Well, you do now," I said. Natalie poked and stroked all around my foreskin, pulled it forward, pushed it right back and did everything imaginable with it. "Ooh, hang on, time for a top up," she said, looking up at the clock, and she disappeared into the kitchen, returning with 2 glasses of water. We drank the water and continued to explore one another's bodies, chat and snog. Gradually we both started to become uncomfortable as our bladders became fuller and fuller. Eventually we were both struggling to find comfortable positions and we decided it was pretty much time for us to let go. 
We went into the bathroom and got in the bath together. "Will you go first?" Asked Natalie. I've never seen a guy with foreskin pee and I wanna see what it's like. I agreed and she sat there on the side of the bathtub looking at me while I tried to start peeing. After a while I started, and Natalie watched it, and then held it. Then she pulled the foreskin back, and then she pulled it right forward and held the end of it so that it bulged out like a balloon. Eventually the pressure became too great and the foreskin slid out of her fingers and a great burst of pee sprayed everywhere. We both laughed and laughed at that and Natalie began to pee.
"Hey sorry, the laughter made me start going, " she said, clamping off her stream. "Wanna see what I can do with mine?" "Sure, OK," I replied, and she then did a handstand against the wall and peed a fountain, the golden stream spouting up in the air and falling down on itself. She stopped again and lay own on her back, lifting her bum up off the back and bringing her legs up towards her face, she began to pee again, this time it went above her head. She clamped off again and then stood up, leant back slightly and pulled her pussy forward with one hand and peed straight out, the pee going up the wall.
"See, I can pee standing up without it going all down my legs," she boasted proudly. Finally she sort of squatted down, pulled one leg backwards a bit, lifted the other leg in the air and said, "And I can do it sideways and squirted the remainder of her pee out up the length of the bath. Finally the stream slowed to a trickle, stopped, a couple of little squirts came out, and then nothing. Her bladder was empty so she could do no more.
"Here, let me hold that big cock of yours," she said, "and you can explore my pussy. I feel so randy after that I could wank for a month." "No need for you to do that," I said grinning, and we came together, snogging passionately and playing with each other like crazy. "Easy, gal," I said after all too short a time, "or I'll come too soon." "But I want you to," she cried, jerking me for all she was worth. I gasped and shot my load and she was goggle eyed, squealing with delight. "OK now your turn" I told her and I fingered her till she squealed and screamed, and as I pulled my fingers out she squirted too.
We hugged and kissed and then showered together before drying off & retiring to the bedroom for a well–earned rest. That was the first of many pleasurable times that Natalie and I had together. 
By: Gopher