Title: Sarah And Me

By: Doug

PART ONE

I had been going out with Sarah for several months and had indulged in - without her noticing, or so I thought - an unusual, but exciting little game. Twice I delayed stopping to let her use the bathroom, making up various plausible (or so I thought) excuses why we had to drive on another 20 or 30 minutes. I said, for example, that I wanted to stop at a particular restaurant and said something like "you wouldn't mind waiting, would you?" She never said she minded and so I had the wonderful pleasure of watching her shift and squirm in her seat, which was very, very exciting to me, although I pretended not to notice.

But I had stopped calling her so often and I think she sensed I was losing interest, which wasn't true in most ways. Sarah was a good kid -- and she filled out her jeans so beautifully! She was just the kind of woman I liked: small, slender, long blonde hair, firm in the right places, including especially in the thighs. Such a pleasure to watch her move! But that was part of the problem: I really looked forward to having her move for reasons she had never thought of. But I just didn't think I could discuss it with her. With some girls you got some hint -- some lead-in -- that allowed you to move into talking about it. But at best it was awkward, often embarrassing, especially if she wasn't interested, or was really shocked by the idea. I just had that the feeling that that was how it would be with Sarah.

But one night we went to a bar on the edge of town and had a few beers, actually a few more than usual, but that was her suggestion. As we were leaving she said: "There's a little park over here-- why don't we take a walk there?" That all took me by surprise: it wasn't the kind of thing we had done before. I wondered if maybe she wanted to lie in the woods, but that seemed hardly plausible. We didn't have a blanket , and anyway we weren't innocent teenagers when it came to sex, or the ordinary variety of it. We didn't have to sneak off in the woods. Of course I agreed to the walk.

Before long I felt the need to take a leak and so I said: "Let me duck in the bushes here and take a pee," which is what I did. When I came back I noticed that Sarah was squirming just a bit, but she didn't say anything. I wanted to bring up the forbidden subject, but really bad! I had the start of a hard-on and I just couldn't face the idea of not finishing my excitement. To my big surprise she said: "Seeing me want to take a pee really turns you on, doesn't it? I've noticed when I need to go to the bathroom, you find some reason not to stop. You never just pull over at a gas station and stop."

"Oh, no, Sarah, you're just imagining that," I felt obliged to say, not very convincingly. But I soon 'fessed up: "Yes. I do enjoy it. No harm intended, it's just that seeing you have to go is a real turn-on for me. I can't help it, but it just gets me very excited. I hope not a big deal."

"Well, it sometimes it seemed like a big deal to me -- when I had to go bad --- I mean one time it was real, real bad. I didn't think I could hold it another minute. Then you got out and took a quick pee, like men do, just like you did a few minutes ago."

But she went on: "I like your game and I want to do it for you. I think it would be fun! But it would be a lot more fun if you were playing too.'

"What do you mean, if I was playing too? When men need to piss, we just get out and do it. That's the way it is, Sarah."

"I know", she said, "that's the way it usually is. But I think a contest would be more fun: I think you would enjoy it, too. I'm sure you can hold it a lot longer than me and what a turn on that's going to be."

Well, that wasn't something I had ever considered before. I mean it had never come up. The part about me holding it seemed unnecessary though I was sure I could handle it. "What exactly do you have in mind?", I said.

"What I mean is that we both will be drinking drink beers and sodas and we're both going to hold it. Like a contest. Whoever pees in their pants first, loses." "Well," I thought, "I could just tell her, no dice. I'm not playing the game like that." I very nearly assumed if I didn't agree that she would go along anyway. I mean she had gone to a lot of trouble already. But I wasn't completely sure. I really didn't want to miss out, when we were this close to doing it! I was already looking forward to seeing her wait -- and wait a very long time, too! -- and pee in her pants big time.

"OK," I said, "I'll do it. The contest part doesn't seem necessary, but no problem if that's what you want to do. Men can hold it when they have to."

We agreed to play the game while we were driving around in my pick-up truck. That way we would have the drinks right there, in a cooler.

So we walked back to my truck. Before we started we both went inside to the bathroom and I stopped at a filling station to stock up on beers and sodas and ice. We both drank 16 oz Budweisers, pretty leisurely. I didn't want to rush things. Women's time limit is very short, I knew that from experience. Sarah suggested we shift to sodas since I was driving. So we finished off 16 oz Cokes I was relaxed and confident, no sign of pressure in my bladder. "I can go a long time," I thought, "and I think Sarah is beginning to squirm just a little in her seat."

And so another round. For the next round, I said, "No harm in you having a beer: you can have a beer and I'll drink a soda. No sense getting a DUI." Of course, what I was really thinking is that beer is a better diuretic than soda. She didn't object and that's what we did.

It wasn't long, though, before I began to feel a little pressure down there. It wasn't serious of course but still it wasn't real comfortable either. I mean I'd never done this sort of thing before. Of course, Sarah was squirming around too, pretty much by now. It was just that it would a lot more fun if I could just sit back and relax and enjoy it.

I suggested we stop and get more drinks. Sarah seemed a little suspicious but agreed. We found a filling station with a small booth with an attendant, but quite a ways from the main building, where the rest rooms were. I stopped so the gas filler spout on the truck was on the opposite side from the booth.

I said to her: "Remember, Sarah, I'm going to keep an eye on you." Then she said also: "I'm going to do the same. This is a drink stop, not a piss stop." But, I said: "We need some gas, too, so give the clerk ten dollars and I'll stop the pump exactly at that." She started toward the booth, but then turned back and said: "And don't plan to take a piss next to the truck. I'm going to check the ground when I get back."

"Damn! " I thought, "she's anticipated exactly what I was planning to do. I had planned to just stand up close to the truck and pee down the side of it. Nobody would have noticed. Bad luck." As I stood up I realized that I had to go pretty bad, I was shifting around a little. I had to think of something. I stood up close to the truck with one hand holding the hose and the other, squeezing my dick. It occured to me that the filler spout was about the right height.

So I pulled out my pecker and stuck it in the spout. Kind of nervous, standing there, where somebody might see me, my dick stuck in the truck, like I was screwing it. I had planned to just let out a few squirts, just enough to take the pressure off. But I had trouble getting the flow started and when I did, it just kept coming, it was hard to cut if off. Finally I realized "I've let my whole bladder go in the gas tank. What if the truck won't run! " But also I realized Sarah was starting back -- got to get going with the gas. I zipped up quick and started the gas.

"Are you still pumping the gas? I thought you'd be finished by now." "Had trouble getting it started," I said -- accurately, if somewhat misleadingly. But I was worrying about the truck with all that water -- anyway, almost water -- in the gas tank. "Better dilute it as much a possible", I thought. "Gasoline will dissolve in water up to a point and also if I keep it splashing around, maybe it will stay mixed". And so I handed her another bill and said: "Want to put in another ten dollar's worth. The engine's been missing some and I want to get a full tank of premium."

She was very suspicious now: "I'm not sure I believe that. I haven't heard any missing. I don't know what's going on here, but OK." She had already checked the ground where I was standing and found it dry; but now she made me get back in the truck and turn it around so that the filler spout was facing the booth. "OK, " she said, "I'm going to watch you from the store. Don't think you can sneak in a quick piss on me."

Well, of course, no need for a piss, quick or otherwise, at this point. I was completely relaxed. I stood back from the truck, very nonchalantly, and pumped the gas.._When we got back in the truck, I kept squirming around, just pretending, of course. It was very nice to be relaxed and to sit back and enjoy Sarah's discomfort. But I was worried about the truck, which had begun to sputter. I stopped and started quickly, hoping to keep the water from settling. "What the are you doing?" she said. "This is crazy."

Also, she said: "I think you stopped squirming around when the truck started giving us trouble. Something very, very funny going on here." "Just worried about the motor, that's all," I said. And gave my pecker a little squeeze, for Sarah's benefit.

But her squirming was not pretend. She was obviously having a very rough time of it, bouncing up and down and squirming around. This is the best part: what a beautiful sight it is! Of course I didn't stop right away, actually I went on for fifteen more minutes, and was prepared to go longer, maybe much longer. She was just barely holding it: squirming, jumping, grabbing. Wonderful! I loved every minute of it. I had a little hard on. Finally she said "OK, you win! I can't believe you're still able to hold it. But I give up!" Actually she had wet her pants just a little.

"But" she said, "there's something funny has been going on here. All that fooling around at the gas station, two times to put gas in.

Something funny there. I'm going to ask you come into the ladies' room with me. I want to see you pee."

"I'm trapped!" I thought, but tried to think of a way to escape. "Embarrassing for me to go into the ladies room with you, with people standing around watching. What will they think? I'll just duck into the men's room and you can hear me through the door. I've got to take a super piss and you can hear all of it." Actually, I planned to flush the toilet while I was peeing to disguise the sound.

"I worry," she said, "you'll just go in there and flush the john and I won't know one way or the other. I want to see it." There wasn't any way out and so we went into the ladies room. She immediately squatted down, took off her underpants and took a very long pee. "My god," she said, "what a relief!" She put her wet panties in a plastic sack, put that in her pocketbook and then turned to me and said: "Now you can take your pee."

Still I was stalling for time. I pulled out my dick, which was a little hard. "I can't pee in front of a woman! Anyway men can't pee when they've got a hard on. Let's get back in the truck and I'll take my super piss down the road. It'll be a big one, you can count on it." But she wasn't buying: "You've been holding it as long as I have. I want to see you take a pee now, a good long pee -- we're not in any hurry."

There was no escape. I strained as hard as I could but only a few ounces came out. It wasn't a big piss in any way and she could see that right off: "Ah, ha!," she said." You've cheated on me! I figured something funny was going on back there. Can't figure out for the life of me how you sneaked in a piss. I mean I thought I was watching your every second. You never know what men can get away with."

"OK'" she continued, "you're going to take me home and that's going to be it. Not saying I won't go out with you again, but not for a while. I was just trying to make it exciting for both of us. You always want to have it your way. We're going home."

"Hey, Sarah," I said, "dont' be so pissed off". The phase just came out. Also I was thinking to myself: "She's a really a good kid and I can't stand the idea of not seeing her for a month, or whatever. And she is willing to play games!! Not every girl will do that. I won't be able to stand it. I'll be thinking about her every minute."

"OK," I said, "what does it take for you to get even? I'll do whatever you say, honest to god I will."

"If I agree, and I'm not sure I will, " she said, "I'll be sure you follow the rules. It wasn't fair what you did back there: I'm sure you would have won anyway, but a contest would have been more fun."

I could tell she was really angry. "Please, Sarah, I know I was a real asshole. Let me have another chance." She said she would think about it and we drove on for a good five minutes without saying anything. She was thinking things through.

After a long time she said: "OK, I've thought of how it's going to be. First of all, I'm going to drive. We're going to drink beer and sodas like before, but the one thing's going to be different: I will be allowed to take one piss, just like you did. I'll take my pee whenever I want."

She went on: "I'm going to watch you this time. We're going to hold it until one if us wets our pants -- that's the deal. And what's more: if you lose tonight, we come back tomorrow night and do it again. That'll give you some incentive. One free pee for me and we do it again tomorrow if you lose. Is it a deal?"

It didn't seem like such a good deal to me: actually I was not big on holding my piss, I hadn't done it very often. Watching her hold her pee was what turned me on, not the other way around. But apparently I didn't have any choice. "'OK," I said, "it's a deal, I guess. I mean, it's a deal, I promise."

"No promises are neccesary, she said. "I'm going to watch you this time."

PART TWO

We stocked up on beers and sodas and she got in the driver's seat. She popped a 16 oz Diet Coke for herself and gave me a16 oz beer. We downed it pretty quick and I said "Let's have another round." I wanted to get it over with as quick as possible. But Sarah had other ideas: "Let's not rush. Let's enjoy it for a while. We've got all night."

I knew it was going to be uncomfortable but still I wasn't worried too much. "Women are alway having to go," I thought, "it's just the way they are. Even with these crazy rules, I can hold it longer than any woman can and that certainly includes Sarah." Even for a women she didn't have much endurance and I also knew I had a strong bladder, a bladder that could take it if neccesary. It wasn't going to be fun, but it wasn't going to be a big deal, either. No big deal.

After about half an hour, we had another round. I insisted on having a Diet Coke this time, not as strong a diuretic. Still, of course, no sweat, though I had seen Sarah twitch just a little. "Let's top at my apartment and watch a video", she said. "What do you mean?" I said, " I thought we were going to drive around til somebody loses." "Of course", she said. "that's what we're going to do. But no need burning up gas. We'll be back in the truck before you know it."

It was not for me to say. So we stopped and went into her apartment where she slipped an old Star Wars video into the VCR. We sat back, more or less relaxed, and drank another16 oz beer. I was beginning to feel just a little pressure now, not serious of course, but enough that I would have gotten up and taken a piss under ordinary circumstances. But of course she was squirming quite a bit, much more than I was, I thought.

I glanced over in the direction of the bathroom, which wasn't more than fifteen feet away. Somehow having it so close made it difficult to keep from thinking about it. Not that I had to go bad: it was just that it would be great to duck in and take a quick piss and settle back and watch the video.

"Don't think about the bathroom," Sarah said, "we've got a long time to go yet." But of course I knew she was thinking about it too.

We decided not to watch the second part and got back in the truck. Sarah followed me carefully: she even watched me get in the truck, before she went around to the driver's side. I was not alone for even a second.

After about thirty minutes we had another round, Diet Cokes for both of us. Sarah made little effort to hide her distress, which was big-time serious now. She was jumping around, squeezing her legs together, grabbing her pussy very hard.

"OK", she said, "it's time now, time for me to take my pee." "Good," I thought, "even if she doesn't go to a restroom, she's got to squat down. It takes women a lot more time than men. Enough time for me to piss in a can." I was looking forward to the stop almost as much as she was.

"OK," she said, "I'm not letting you out of my sight. I've got on a dress and no panties. I can do it pretty much like a man, next to the truck."

And that's what she did. With her door open, she semi-squatted next to the truck and let go with a very long pee. I could hear it splashing on the ground. I like a good solid flow like that, with the sound of splashing. "My god," she said, "that was a relief! No pleasure on earth that beats taking a piss when you have to."

I was thinking the same thing: "I'd like to just hang it out for 30 seconds. That's all it would take!" For all my talk about holding my pee, I didn't like to do it. I mean, if I was in some situation where there was no choice, I could hold it as well as the next guy. It was just that I didn't get into situations like that very often. Men can find a place to pee, behind a bush or sign, some place like that. That's the way we do it. A quick piss when we need to. Women can't do that, and that's why it's so much fun. We can take a piss and leave the woman to sweat it out. God, what a turn-on!

But this time the sweat was mine, and that wasn't a turn-on. I settled down in my seat, hoping, of course, that Sarah would need to stop again. That was a reasonable possibility: she rarely went more than an hour without stopping and it would be a lot quicker than that with all the liquids we'd drunk.

"Let's have another beer," I said, even in my condition. I knew from experience that it would hit Sarah quicker than me. Especially if I didn't drink all my beer. Usually she watched me like a hawk but this time I got away with it: she drank all her beer, but I sipped no more than a third of mine. All I needed to do now was hang in there a little longer.

"OK, " she said, "we're stopping at the the Putty Cat Club." That was a place we'd stopped at before, and it was just ahead. "Does that mean you're giving up?", I said, " I kind of thought that would happen."

"Not giving up, "she replied. "We're stopping here to have a beer. We're going to sit and take it easy and watch the show."

"Don't think about the bathroom," she added. "We're just going to think how good it's going to feel."

And so we went in and got a table on the side, next to the restrooms. Not usually a place people like to sit, but that was Sarah's idea. There was serious beer drinking going on and there was a lot of traffic.

Sitting so close was an excruiating tease. Women would make a run for it but they had to wait in line. That's the way it is, too bad for the ladies. More than once I've hung around a line like that. A free show, no charge for enjoying, but I wasn't enjoying it tonight.

Of course, men have it much easier and so it was at the Putty Cat. Still it was a one-holer, just a john, no urinal. A strange set-up for a bar, but I had remembered that from before. Sometimes even the men had to wait, but not for long. Men are not used to waiting in line. They knock on the door and tell the guy in there to hurry the f--- up. I couldn't help but imagine their relief and that part wasn't fun.

There was no way to disguise my situation. I was rocking back and forth, my right hand on my pecker, squeezing it in rhythm with my need.

"You're doing fine," Sarah said, "Hang in there."

There wasn't going going to be much more hanging in there, but I had to give it a try. Just then a spotlight came on and an MC stepped up to the microphone. This was a strip bar -- not complete stripping, of course, not in this county -- but they went through the motions. But before the show started, we had to listen to the MC's bad jokes.

Tonight he started out saying: "We need a volunteer. How about you in the first row?" he said, pointing to a man scrunched up next to his girl friend, trying to stay out of the spotlight. He didn't budge an inch. Even his girl friend didn't push him and the MC gave up.

Sarah tugged on my arm and said with a smile: "You're going to volunteer." "Like hell I am!" I said, "no way."

Sarah pointed at me and waved at the MC. They put the spotlight on me and everybody started clapping. "The guy in the green shirt! We want the guy in the green shirt." "No f------ way," I said under my breath to Sarah. "I'm not getting up there and make a fool of myself: I'm about to piss in my pants."

But Sarah pushed and the people at the next table pulled and before I knew it, I was on the stage. I put my right hand in my pocket and gave a quick squeeze. I had to pee super, super bad and that was the only relief available.

"Hands out of your pockets!" the MC said. " The show hasn't started yet." Everybody laughed; I tried to straighten up and keep from shifting around. It helped some to stand on my toes.

The MC was telling a very bad joke about a girl who wet her pants in Sunday school. A long buildup and nobody laughed. He was a loser as a comedian, no timing.

But I wasn't worried about his timing: I had more urgent matters on my mind. Both hands were in my pockets now for quick squeezes. The MC leaned over and said: "Got to piss, man? You're jumping around like a f----- girl."

But that's not what he said in the mike. "Hands out of your pockets: the show hasn't started yet!" he said, as everybody laughed. He signalled to the band for a drum roll every time I squeezed

"No shit," I thought, "enough is enough", as I made a run toward the audience. But two guys in the front row stood up and grabbed me: not like they were fighting or anything, just joking around. One of them said: "The man wants you back on the stage for the show. We're ready for the show!" And gave me a shove.__And so I made my way back toward the stage, but the moment of truth was upon me. I could fell it in my crotch, but fortunately I was facing away from the audience. "Turn around," the MC said, "show 'em what our little boy has done!" There was no way to get off the stage without turning around.

A big hoot of laughter went up as I ran back to our table, grabbed Sarah by the arm and headed for the door. She wasn't laughing now: "OK, Sam," said, "This makes up for a lot of things. We won't have to do it again."

And so we went back to her apartment and had a beer and relaxed, in all the ways a man and woman can.

