Waiting in Line at the Disco
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

We were at a beer tent near my home town and drank lots of beer. I was there with Martin, a good friend of mine and we had much fun. I waited until my bladder was aching and finally, after one and a half liters of beer, I really had to pee and went to the ladies.

Back at the table I finished my glass during the next twenty minutes and we both left the beer tent to walk to the station and go to a club in the city. Martin excused himself and also went to the toilets. I didn't need to pee again and so I waited on him. He came back two minutes later and we went to the station.

At the station we bought another bottle of beer for each of us and waited on the train. I now felt that my bladder was filling up again and suddenly knew it would have been better if I had used the toilet at the same time as Martin, but now it was to late.

Five minutes later, we were sitting in the train and clinked our bottles before drinking more. The train would take 30 minutes to reach the city centre, but I had a feeling it would seem longer to me because the beer was going straight through me. I crossed my legs and took another sip of the beer.

We talked about different things and so the time passed more quickly than I expected. However, ten minutes before we reached our destination, I felt the urge to pee really badly.

I decided to try out some different sitting positions to comfort myself, but it did not afford me much relief. I wiggled my legs to ease the urge a bit, and at this point, Martin clearly noticed my predicament.

"We'll be there in a few minutes" he said.

"It's okay." I replied, speaking more sharply than I intended.

I really didn't care if he knew I was bursting or not, because I really was. I became really nervous now because I wasn't able to keep my legs still. The urge to pee increased rapidly every time I stopped moving. Luckily, there were not many people around us; it would have been very embarrassing with a lot of people watching me wiggling because of my need to pee. I don't know why but beer makes me lot more desperate than anything else.

"We have to go out the next stop!" Martin told me.

I stood up. At once, my bladder started sending out signals of being absolutely full, and I pulled up my jeans in a better fitting position to lower the pressure upon my bladder area.

The doors opened and I got out fast. I had problems standing but didn't know the direction to go, so I had to wait until Martin started to walk.

"Martin, please hurry up a bit, I really need a bathroom."

"It's about two hundred meters," he reassured me.

Walking helped a lot, but anyhow I had to put my hands into my pockets to support my bladder a bit, because every step let it bounce inside me, seriously stressing my sphincter muscle.

After maybe fifty metres, we had to stop at a crossing. I tried to stand with legs close together and hands deep into my pockets, but within seconds I started to tap from foot to foot without being able to stop. Of course I had held my pee in the beer tent for a very long time before going out to the toilets the first time, and normally this seems to help me to hold it a little longer the second time. But, this day, it was like my muscles were too tired and I really had to give them some physical help.

The light turned to green and we walked on, I became a bit more comfortable. Then we reached the club and found a line of people waiting in front of the entrance to have been let in. Again I was forced to stop. I pressed my legs together and tried to stand calmly.

"How long would it take usually until we are in" I asked with a bit of trembling in my voice.

"I don't know," Glenn said. The last time I was here there was no line. I won't take long for sure."

"I hope you are right" I moaned, and after a short break I whispered:"I can't stand here much longer. I really need a bathroom"

He couldn't do anything about that and so he didn't say anything.

Time passed, and my ability to stand still was slipping away. My bladder was really hard now and I tried a few times to ease the pressure by pulling my jeans up or my waistband away, but it was so tight now that this didn't help. I crossed my legs and pressed my hands deep into my pockets, with the result that the waistband cut even more into my bladder so that I had to pull it up again.

I started to tap from one foot to the other, looking at the line slowly moving. I tried to be very discrete so that I would not draw too much attention to myself, but was absolute on my limit now. Again, I had my hands inside my pockets, trying to press my fingers between my legs. This forced me to bend over a little and again the waistband of my jeans cut into my swollen abdomen. It was a vicious circle but I had to do something because I really wasn't sure if I was in control or not.

The urge to pee was constantly high now, reaching a sharp peak from time to time so that I was forced to press my hands harder into the pockets to reach my crotch. Some guys around looked at me and of course they saw my hands movement because the jeans were tight, but I simply had to keep moving them to ease the pain and maintain control.

"I can't wait much longer, I'm really bursting. Maybe I should go to doorman and ask him if I would bes allowed to use the toilets inside."

Martin shook his head. "Don't you think every second girl tries to get in that way? I have to pee so badly. Please mister let me in" I don't think it will work."

Of course he was right, and I knew it even before I asked him but I had to do something quickly. Another peak of desperation hit me and I had to flex all my muscles, afraid to make even the smallest movement. After a few seconds I could move again knew that I had come within an ace of losing control and spurting pee into my panties.

"It's no good Martin. I can't wait any longer! I have to ask him."

I twalked to the entrance, and as I reached the man on the door, I tried not to do a pee dance because he would think I was acting. The thing was, I really was not able to stand still anymore, so I stood in front of him and tapped from foot to foot. I told him that I was desperate for the toilet and that this was no lie.

I felt that my sphincter would give way soon but didn't want to put my hands in the pockets because then he would really think that I was acting. So, I put them into the back pockets and pressed my butt together. _He laughed and said, "No. If you only knew how many girls tell me every day they are needing to pee only to get in..."

I felt that body control was slipping away and put one hand into the front pocket only to find that I needed the second one too. I pushed both hands deep into my pockets to press between my legs, an action that made me bend forward a little.

"You don't have to make a show of it," he said, now with a very authoritative voice. "I'm not going to let you in. By the way, I've seen much more realistic pee dances than that before today."

I was starting to panic. "Please, I REALLY have to go. I'm not joking. I am really desperate."

I tried to stand straight again, but keeping both hands in my pockets because the urge was growing steadily. I raised my right leg to do something else.

"Don't waste my time. Go back in line, then you will be let in like all the others"

I knew that there was no chance to convince him and so I walked back to Martin. My jeans were pressing hard into my abdomen, and again I tried to lift them against my crotch. After pulling them up two or three times, I realized that this wasn't helping anymore, and I was forced to open the waistband of my jeans. I grabbed the belt loop to the right and left sides and pulled the trousers between my legs with all my strength. This helped a little bit, but as I reached him a new wave of desperation, I had to freeze and pull my jeans up, tugging hard to try to keep my pee hole closed.

I regained a little control, then whispered urgently to Martin, "I'll be back in a minute! I'm about to piss my pants. The bastard wouldn't let me in."

I really couldn't wait longer. I nearly lost it as I walked away from the line but managed to get it back under control. But now I knew: when the next surge came, I would have to wet myself.

I didn't know where I was going. I nwalked and walked, picking up pace in panic because I knew that I had to find a place to pee, and quickly! I turned into a side road and paused to look around. I danced on the spot, pressing both hands into my pockets again. I saw some rubbish containers a few meters away at the other side of the road and hurried towards them, but was forced to stop because a car drove by and I couldn't cross the street.

I bent over a bit more and pressed harder between my legs with my hands in the pockets. Then I crossed the street as fast as I possibly could. I even had to run a few steps because I felt that I had only seconds left. I wasn't able to move any faster because it really hurt, but I hurried as best I could. I put my hand out of the pockets to pull up my jeans again and was really in panic because I felt the pee was nearly coming out. I pressed my hand between my legs and slowed down to stop the jolts on my bladder.

I resumed walking but with stiff legs now, taking tiny steps and holding myself. I was starting to pee and I couldn't stop it.

I squatted down where I was and pulled my pants down with a single, swift movement. I had not even reached a proper squatting position before the pee started really coming out. Luckily there was a parked car that partially concealed me from other cars passing by. Fortunately, there were no other pedestrians at that moment. It had been so close, I was shaking with the effort of having held it for so long.

Still trembling a little, I went back to Martin. He asked:"Are you feeling better now? It looked like you really had to pee bad." "I was so desperate, I nearly wet myself," I admitted. "Can we go somewhere else please, because I don't want to meet these guys who have witnessed my desperate pee dance." I whispered to him.

He understood, and so we went to another club.

