3 stories

By Thomas

1. This is ALL true:

20 Mar 96 "I had a hospital appointment today, in the X-ray Department.  At my local hospital X-ray is near the Urology Dept., which gave me a perfect opportunity to observe the queue for the toilets...

I only had time outside the toilets to see one person in the queue - a lady of about 30 with neck length dark brown hair and two hoop earrings in each ear, wearing black jeans and a black top.  She tried  SO hard to stand still whilst I was in the vicinity, but simply  couldn't manage it.  Either she tapped her left foot or she paced two paces in either direction in the restricted area near the toilet.  She kept sighing and looking at me evidently wishing I would go away so that she could fidget properly again.  I expect she could have lasted another 10~20 minutes if pushed - it just didn't feel like that to her.

I tried very hard to talk to her, but my interest in just watching didn't allow me the time to consider what to say.  Eventually the toilet flushed and somebody in the toilet washed their hands.  The occupier then took over two minutes (I timed it) to unlock the door. 

It was a very doddery old man, who apologised to her for "holding her up."  She replied that it was okay, in the typically British manner! 

I know from an acquaintance that the Urology Dept. asks all patients to arrive to their first appointment having drunk two pints (1.2 litres) of water exactly one hour before the appointment.  Evidently this is quite tough going!  I wonder why she chose all black today...?" 

2. Again, this was seen by me, and is entirely true:

I was driving back from home to the University of York on Wednesday 3 April 1996, alone and a little depressed - I had been burgled whilst away.  Anyway, it was a glorious, sunny, day, the first good day of Spring, so I was wearing sunglasses and had the radio on and the window open.

Unfortunately, all those distractions nearly made me miss the girl I saw on an overhead bridge on the M5 in Somerset, near the Sedgemoor Services (for anyone in the UK travelling round there).  She was wearing bottle green jeans and a green (probably denim) jacket, which was open to reveal a snowwhite body top, which was a little tight and overemphasised her breasts.  Anyway.  She was fidgeting wildly, and I'm sure deliberately standing there to show the drivers on the first day  of Spring how much fun could be had NOT being in a car.  If only I'd seen her in advance, I could have slowed down and watched for longer.

I felt sure, as I thought about it afterwards, that she was going to  wait there until she'd wet herself - it certainly would need to be a short trip home for her otherwise!

Are green jeans good for peeing in, anyone?  I don't own any personally, so I need to know if I should watch out for women wearing green in future...

3. Sorry it's so short this week, I'm stuck for new sightings and am busy laying out my Stories page.  Nevertheless, it's again true:

10/4/96: Sitting in a stuffy computer room tonight, I've seen the same stunning, deeply tanned (probably Italian) young student (maybe 20-23) begin to fidget, get up from her computer and leave, returning a few minutes later, three times in two hours...

What has she been drinking? Or is her bladder super small? What do you think?
