Two Parties Are One Too Many
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Gisela

The deal was perfect. We had won a new costumer, a huge order. It was therefore little wonder that we were drinking sparkling wine to celebrate this. We had landed this important contract after several years of problems for the company, and it placed us on safe ground for the foreseeable future. Everyone was ecstatic. By six o'clock, we were all a bit tipsy. I must have drunk five or six glasses of wine before I noticed that my bladder was pretty full. In fact, I had first felt the need to pee during the critical meeting but certainly didn't dare leave, it was far too important to risk destroying the positive atmosphere.

In all the excitement, the urge to go left me. I did not notice it as I escorted our new business partners down to the carpark and watched them depart. Nor did I experience any discomfort as I returned to the conference room and opened bottle of wine and champagne to celebrate. But now with the alcohol inside the need came back with a vengeance, and I knew I had to hurry.

I stood up and left the room, feeling a steadily increasing urge between my legs. I thought about the nearest restroom an came to the conclusion that the one on the floor of my office would be the best. I hurried and found out that I had miscalculated my need the last minutes because I had problems to control my need.

I passed my office with small but quick steps and heard my cell phone ring. I paused for a moment, but a sharp urge between my legs let me know there was no time for a phone call left, so I ignored it and rushed towards the toilet. As I reached it I quickly jumped into a stall pulled down my pants and let it go, and it was like a waterfall.

On the way back I looked on my cell phone to see who had called me before. The alcohol was really affecting me now, and I decided to cool down a bit in my office. I looked at the display and saw that it was my boyfriend Steph who had been calling. I called him back and asked what he had wanted.

He said, with an angry tremble: "Hey, Gisela, where are you? Ive been waiting for over an hour now! We have to be at the opening in thirty minutes!"

I had forgotten that we had been invited to his company's dinner, which was important for him. Now we were really late! But we could still make it, maybe even on time if he brought my dress to my office and we started from here. I told him exactly what to bring with him and he agreed, not sounding too happy about it. It woud take him about twenty minutes to get here so I rejoined the others, drank one more glass of wine, then filled a second but decided that this was not a good idea and put it down; I had to appear sober at the dinner. Luckily, my cell phone rang and made it easier to resist the temptation of another sip.

I walked down to where Steph was waiting for me with his car: "Hey, hurry up. Here are your clothes."

"I will change during the drive,"I said, "Let's go!"

"Is everything alright with you!"

"Yes", I said. "We closed on a big deal and that's the reason why I forgot the dinner, but you have to imagine..."

Steph interrupted, his voice loud and accusing: "You are drunk!"

I was not drunk, .

"No, I'm not! I had only a few glasses!" I said to calm him down, suddely realizing that I was having trouble forming my words clearly.

As I stripped off and changed into the dress Steph had brought, he didn't speak to me. He was very angry. ADD CONTINUITY TEXT I tried to concentrate but found out that the speed of the car was to much for me. I couldn't follow the other cars or read the signs in time. I really had been gone to far. After a while Steph said: "Please try to act normal at the dinner and stop drinking OK? You have to drink water the whole evening! I didn't want to make a full on myself!" "Yes I give my best to act your lovely normal and boring wife!" I said and while I said this I noticed that I was really drunk, otherwise I wouldn't have said this. Steph moaned:"Please Gisela try to concentrate, please don't talk to much. Try to keep the conversation at the minimum level" I agreed and I was not so drunk not to know how important this dinner was for him.

I was in the state where you realize everything normally but aren't able to behave normal. We arrived at the house about 15 minutes late.

I got off the car and tried to get my dress in shape. I took a deep breath but noticed that my composure was fading away. We walked to the entrance of a big garden and were guided to a pavilion at the backside of the house. There were two big tables with about 20 places but everybody was still standing and doing small talk. We both got a glass of champagne from a waitress and although I tried to drink it slowly it was emptied soon and I got another one at once. Steph looked at me and I know what he wanted to say. I also know he was right because I felt the effect of alcohol was becoming stronger now. After a few minutes Steph's boss came over to us and Steph introduced me to him.

"I heard a lot of you, " the boss said "very nice to meet you."

I smiled at him: "Thanks, I am also glad to meet you" I said. I could see Steph was holding his breath watching us. But I did a good job, and I was sure his boss didn't realize that I had to concentrate hard to speak clear to him. Then Steph again talked with him and I stood beside him smiling but didn't say anything until the end of the conversation when he told me:"Enjoy the dinner and after that we could take a drink at the bar."

"Oh yes, of course, see you later!" I replied also very clear.

Then we went to the table and I said:"Steph, you see I'm under control, don't panic, I don't blame you!"

"But please don't drink any more wine. I can see in your eyes that you are definitive a bit drunken."

"Don't panic."

We sat at the table and Steph introduced me to the people around and I said hello to them in common. I filled a glass with water and tried to fight against the alcohol. I listened to the conversation but because I don't know to much about their business I didn't say a word the next ten minutes. During this time I drank two glasses of water and felt now that my bladder was filling up. I wanted to ask Steph where the toilets are located when the soup was served. So I had to wait I told myself that became more uncomfortable now and I had to shift around a bit to hold on. After the soup there was salad served at once and so there was also no good moment to leave.

"Steph do you know there the toilets are?" I asked him discretely when I was ready with the salad.

"No I don't, but can't you wait until the dinner is over, I think it is not good to leave during the meal."

"I don't know, it's not urgent now. I'll try to wait!" I said in doubt that I could wait long

And so I waited. During this I got another glass of wine and emptied it nearly. I didn't want to drink anymore, because my bladder starts to hurt a bit and also had problems keeping my mind clear because of the alcohol. I had problems to use my cutlery the right way that was really shocking me. I had become drunk without having noticed it.

We all waited for the dessert, and I really had problems sitting still. I tried to cross my legs but my bladder was so full that this hurt even more.

"I have to go now!", I said a bit mumbling, "I really can't wait much longer."

"It wouldn't be long, there is only the dessert left! Can't you try to last?"

"You asked me not to humiliate you! I have to go now." I said and stood up.

As I get up I felt the whole effect of the alcohol and was really dizzy. I had to grab the chair not to loose balance. I became clear that I was not able walking straight especially because I don't know there the toilets were located. So I sat down again immediately.

"What was this?" Steph asked

"I decided to wait until the dessert is over." I said trying to seem relaxed, but the tension of my body and the fact that I was drunk let my intention fail.

But my motion had called attention to a waitress and as she reached the table and saw that my glass of wine was empty she asked if I wanted to have another one.

Not to start any discussion I said: "Yes please." and was shocked about my bad state of articulation and of course the waitress thought to herself I didn't need any more but brought me one.

I was now wiggling my legs constantly and Steph whispered: "Please try to keep your composure a bit more. Some people had been looking already!"

"Steph I have to go now. I am about to piss my pants right here!"

"Than please go without causing much attention."

"Please Steph, come with me, I'm too tipsy, I can't hold balance."

"Are you kidding. I told you to stop drinking!"

The pressure inside myself was now starting to become uncontrollable and my sphincter really hurt from press together. I unashamed pressed my left hand between my leg as last solution and as Steph saw this he said:"Okay please go, I come with you." So I stood up carefully and put one hand onto my groins to control myself a bit more. Steph took my arm and we started to walk:"Pull your dress out between your legs!" he hissed to me My dress was between my legs from pressing there before and I hadn't noticed and didn't react quickly: "What do you mean?" I asked.

"You have pressed your dress between your legs, everybody can see that you had held yourself."

"Oh fuck!" I said and pulled it out.

Some people were looking at us but we had no choice. We reached the pavilion and Steph asked a waitress were the toilets were located.

Then I can't remember anymore.

Steph told me the next day that I was starting to pee dance in front of the waitress and said:"Please Miss, where are the toilets I'm nearly peeing my pants!" And he said that it had been very embarrassing for him. Unfortunately the toilets there located at the other side and we had to go back and had to pass the table again. I have had much problems with walking and this perhaps didn't help me to control my need. Steph said that I grabbed my crotch a few times in front of the people and as I noticed some women gave me a strange look, Steph told me that I shouted out to her: "Haven't you ever seen a girl desperate to pee, or why do you look like this!"

So a few people more noticed my predicament. As we were out of sight Steph told me I was constantly pressing one hand between my legs also as some persons from the stuff came cross. And than I stopped walking suddenly, pressed both hands between my legs and said to Steph that I was loosing it. I peed my pants there and soaked my dress. Steph brought me to the car, undressed me and went back to the party.

It was of course very sad for him what had happened and I was also shocked as he told me but simply cannot remember. He was angry a few days so it must have been really embarrassing.

