Title: This Tale Bears Retelling

By: Bob

It happened early in the morning. Jerry and Bob had risen first, dressed in the tent, (quietly so as not to disturb the still-sleeping girls) then exited into the slightly chilly morning to perform their ablutions. The girls awoke as they left, and they too dressed in the tent. They chose to wait for the guys' return and then go out into the woods for their own morning ritual. The four had been good friends for some time. Jerry, the oldest, had just turned 30 and endured much teasing for it. He and Bob had been best friends since grade school, even though Bob was three years younger.

Erica was Jerry's sister, younger by four years, and eventually Bob got the hots for his best friend's kid sister. Jerry was delighted to see her hook up with his old friend. Jerry had played the field a lot, but was currently enamoured of Samantha, 28, whom he met through Erica. Erica and Sam (as everyone called her) worked at the same beauty shop in town, and were the best of friends. Just as the guys returned and the girls were emerging from the tent, all four heard a sound coming from behind the large bush next to the car. What- ever it was, it was big! Then it came around the bush, and saw them. It was a brown bear! For a split second the five of them stood, transfixed. Then the bear reared up on its hindquarters, instantly doubling its height. To the four campers it looked ten feet tall! (It was actually somewhat smallish, but things seem to magnify under terror.)

The logical refuge would have been the car, but the bear was between them and their vehicle, so that choice was out. "Quick," shouted Bob, breaking the spell, "get up in this tree! It won't follow us there!" Nobody knew whether that was good advice or not, but at the time it seemed like a good idea. A very large tree offered the right combination of size and surface to give them refuge from the bear.

"You girls first," said Jerry, "but hurry!"

Just then the bear threw it's head back and emitted a ferocious roar, and nobody needed further incentive. In an incredibly short time the guys boosted the girls into the tree, then followed. They climbed as high as they could, then fearfully watched as the bear, ignoring them, started to rummage in their supplies for food. It showed no signs of planning to leave soon. "This reminds me of a joke I heard once," said Bob, "about the guy who was chased into a tree by a bear, and later when he visited the spot with some friends, they wanted to know how he got to the first branch, 'cause it was 15 feet off the ground. He told them he missed it going up but he caught it on the way down."

Despite their situation, the others laughed heartily at the joke. The bear ignored them. Apparently it didn't get the joke. "Dammit, Bob," Erica complained through her giggles, "don't make me laugh, or I'll pee my pants." "You and me both," responded Sam. "It's no fair! The guys already went this morning, but we didn't get a chance to before the bear showed up. I don't know if I can hold it much longer." As she said this she put her hand between her legs and squeezed her knees together.

Jerry took stock of the situation. Sam was directly above him, crouching on a large branch. There was not room for her to stand up or move much at all, but two smaller branches acted almost like arms of an armchair for her. She had dressed in pale denim cut-offs which gaped at the legs enough for Jerry to see her panties when he looked up. The foliage prevented Sam from seeing Jerry's face, so she could not tell when or where he was looking. Jerry was standing on a branch, only able to support himself by holding the branch above on which Sam squatted. There was just room for one hand between her feet, and nowhere else to get a grip.

Erica and Bob were on the other side of the main trunk of the tree, around the corner, as it were, from Jerry and Sam. Somehow they had wound up with Bob sitting in a fairly comfortable spot on a large branch, with a good grip on nearby smaller branches, and with Erica on his lap! She had tried to go higher, but the handholds and branches were just not offering support, and she had slid back down, with Bob's help, to sit facing him, straddling him on his lap! Ordinarily a rather romantic position, now it was borne of necessity.

Fortunately Bob was strong and muscular and Erica was very petite. Erica was wearing skin tight lycra bicycling shorts, which she found very comfortable for hiking. They showed every curve of her body. By now Erica was getting pretty desperate. She began to tighten and then release her scissor-grip on Bob's waist. This did not go unnoticed by him. "Hey, Erica, you CAN hold it, can't you? You're on my lap, remember."

"I can't help it Bob," Erica replied. "I'm doing the best I can to hold it, but I can't make any promises. Is there any way I can get off your lap?"

"Not really, without a good chance of falling. There's no extra room at all for your feet where I'm sitting. Just hold it until that damn bear leaves and we can get down, OK?"

"I"m trying, but it better hurry! Shit, I don't want to wet myself any more than you want me to. I haven't peed my panties since.. well, for an awful long time now, since I was a little kid."

This discourse was of course heard by the others, and suddenly a long-forgotten memory came into Jerry's mind. He could remember what was probably the last time his little sister had peed her pants! He had CAUSED her to do it! Let's see, she was about nine years old and he was thirteen, and they had gotten to wrestling around on the floor in front of the fireplace. It had somehow evolved into a tickling bout, him on his knees and her supine before him, legs akimbo. In those days Erica had been pretty casual about showing her panties, and she always wore dresses. By the time he had finally sensed the heightened urgency in her ongoing protestations, it was too late, and in awe he had watched as her pale blue panties turned a much darker shade as she thoroughly soaked them. Afterwards they laughed about it, and he helped get the wet spot out of the carpet before their parents came home.

For some reason the incident had not been arousing at the time, merely platonic fun, but as he recalled it now he felt a disturbing erotic twinge. The bear continued raiding their supplies, ignoring the four perched in the tree. Although it did not at present seem particularly menacing, nobody was about to brave a descent just yet. After assuring himself that the bear was no immediate threat, Jerry turned his attention back to Sam, or more particularly, Sam's crotch. She was now slowly moving her knees back and forth as she pressed her fist tightly against her mound, desperately trying to stave off an accident.

Each time her legs came apart, her shorts ballooned just right to allow Jerry a perfect view of her panty crotch. He observed a tiny wet spot about the size of a dime, dark against the light peach-colored sheen of her pastel panties. He wasn't too keen on the idea of her wetting herself, because he was directly underneath and could not move. His hand holding the branch on which she crouched was only a few inches from her pussy! He could have easily reached up with his free hand and touched it, but better judgement precluded that act. Erica was in agony. She wanted nothing more than to get out of this tree and pull her shorts down and enjoy a good healthy piss!

That wasn't too much to ask, was it? What would Bob think if she let go while she straddled his lap? She'd be mortified for life! He'd probably dump her! She continued to scissor her legs back and forth as much as possible with Bob between them, knowing that he could surely feel every nuance, every tensing of her thighs. Sam pressed harder against her mound. She was in a comfortable crouch, and the branches at her side supported her so well by her upper arms and elbows that she could easily free both hands, so by now both firmly pressed against her pussy, trying to stave off disaster. She continued to move her knees together and apart, together and apart, slowly increasing the pace. Down below, unknown to her, Jerry had just observed that the wet spot had grown to the size of a half-dollar.

Bob looked at Erica, but she would not look back at him. She was totally embarrassed by her predicament. Although she and Bob had been intimate for quite some time, Erica was basically reserved, not given to wanton displays. In fact, she probably would not have agreed to go camping except that her brother would also be along, and she did enjoy Sam's company very much. They had all agreed they could get along in the large tent without any hanky-panky, as the objective was to enjoy the camping experience.

Now here she sat on Bob's lap, fearing that at any moment she might piss all over him, and unable to do anything except clench her teeth and her thighs and hope that damn bear would leave SOON!

Bob, meanwhile, was having second thoughts about his asking Erica if she could hold it. He suddenly realized that this might be an opportunity for her to loosen up a bit, and he was even getting a bit aroused at the thought of the possibility. Erica had never been much for kinky games and the like, and he had learned to remain conservative in those respects if he wanted to keep her. And he wanted to keep her--she was sweet, adorable, caring, intelligent, and drop-dead beautiful to boot! He felt lucky every day he was with her. But he did sometimes wish she might be a little less restrained when it came to sex play. Although she obviously loved it, she was one of those "I'd just as soon cuddle" types, and not given to exotic experimentation. She always closed the door when she went to the bathroom, and was not one to parade about casually in the nude. If this shy flower were to pee in his lap, it would be a whole new experience for Bob. He secretly sort of hoped she didn't make it!

Finally, the bear had finished with what food it could find. Most of the stuff was locked in the trunk of the car, and what had been left out was now gone, to the last scrap. As the bear moved toward the tree, Erica, terrified, closed her eyes tightly. Sam was also especially frightened, not to mention on the very verge of urinating involuntarily. She could only see the bear as it left the vicinity of the food, but the thick foliage prevented her seeing it as it approached the tree.

Inexplicably, the bear moved past the tree and very quickly scampered down the path and out of sight. Jerry was speechless. Sam could not see anything through the leaves. Erica still had her eyes shut. Only Bob, with a perfect view of the fast disappearing bear, felt relief and said something. Later he tried to reason why he said what he did, but he never knew if he unconsciously wanted to scare Erica, or if he was somehow thinking from the point of view of some imaginary hikers in the path of the oncoming bear.

What he said, quite clearly, was "Here it comes!" That was all it took. Erica, sure that the bear was about to climb the tree and devour them all, let loose her floodgates in fright. Bob was aware of a warm, no HOT spreading dampness in his lap, and it was very arousing. He became instantly tumescent. Sam, in virtually the same frame of mind as Erica, could also hold it no longer. Her scissoring knees stopped at their widest stance, giving Jerry a perfect view of the wet spot suddenly becoming a spigot! The pungent yellow liquid (her first of the morning, remember!) shot through her panties and onto the inside of her denim cutoffs, then out the leg and directly onto Jerry's hand. From there it ran down his arm, soaking his shirt. Jerry could only hang on.

He wasn't as aware as Bob that the bear was gone, and even so it would take some careful climbing down to avoid injury. Jerry suddenly didn't care, anyway. He had been still remembering the incident when Erica had peed her panties in front of him many years ago, and was suddenly eager for a similar experience. This time he got the wet and warmth as well as the sight. Her frozen posture allowed him to snake a finger directly into the yellow stream still flowing through her now soaked panties. He could not believe how

HOT it was! On a whim, he touched the dripping finger to his tongue. It was sweet/salty, and not at all unpleasant. Jerry had a feeling that he and Sam would be heading into new territory in their future bedroom antics! Erica was mortified! She wanted to die! She was hysterical! Keeping her eyes tightly closed and her head down, she willed herself to disappear, or to wake up and find it was all a bad dream, or something. She just could not believe this was happening. Here she was, up a tree and about to be eaten by a bear, and peeing all over Bob to boot! They were about to die with him hating her!

Still peeing profusely, she began to clench both her arms and legs around Bob, emitting a guttural, almost whimpering ugnh..ugnh..ughn" as she did so. Then she became aware that Bob was holding her close, and whispering in her ear. "Shh, it's OK, it's OK Erica, the bear's gone, it's OK" She was also aware of something else! Bob had a boner that threatened to rip a hole in his now-soaked pants. He was turned on by this!! He didn't hate her, after all! And what??..oh, yes, the bear was gone! In just a few seconds she went from total despair to utter ecstasy! The fact that Bob was turned on began to turn HER on! Suddenly her pee-soaked crotch felt GOOD!

They were still wrapped together on the branch minutes later when she finally heard Sam, on the ground, calling, "Erica, are you coming?" If only she knew! On reaching the ground, they all had a good laugh on seeing that all four were soaked in pee, and even shy Erica seemed to enjoy the lengthy skinny-dip in the nearby lake as their rinsed clothing dried in the sun. Afterward they all fondly remembered it as their "Bear-bare" camping trip!

