The Desperate Wake Up
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Gisela

Nadine, a woman in her thirtees, works at a bar in Munich, and so she did this day. But this day she knows was a special one because Antonino her new lover would come after her shift and take her to a trip to the lago di garda in Italy.

It was a busy day and time was flowing. At 2.40 am she was ready to go. She called Antonino and waited on him outside the bar.

She remembered that she hadn't peed the whole night and rushed in again to empty her bladder. Coming back out she saw the car of Antonino arrive and slipped in.

"Hi babe, you had much work?"

"Oh yes, but now I'm glad to head away from here with you."

"Look, I've brought a bottle of champange for you to relax."

"Great, exactly what I need now."

Antonino started the car and the trained barkeeper Nadine opened the bottle.

"You like some too?" She asked him.

They toasted but after that Antonino said: "I have to drive so maybe it will be the best I'm only nipping from time to time."

So they did, and after a drive of one hour Nadine had nearly emptied the whole bottle.

She became a bit tipsy and started teasing Antonino with her hands and enjoyed it really to get relaxed after a busy week. But because of the darkness outside and the alcohol inside she become tiered and fell asleep.

The trip normally would take five hours because at night there's not much traffic and Antonino drove as fast as allowed. At 7:30 Nadine woke up because her bladder was aching. She took a few seconds to realize where she was and was glad to see they were in Italy now and they would reach their destination soon.

Antonino noticed her and asked: " You had a good night honey? You slept nearly three hours I think."

"Yeah, I was really tiered after all the champange" Nadine said while taking a normal position in the seat again and cleared her mind.

Her bladder was absolutly full and her jeans were cutting painfully into her abandom. She had to squirm a bit to find the best position for her trembling bladder.

She looked out and there was a sign saying "Lago di garda north 12 kilometers"

"Very good" she thought, because she really needed a break to pee and she didn't want Antonino to do an extra stop, but after they would have left the motorway they surely would make a break for coffee at the next bar.

She calculated that the speed of 130 kilometers per hours would mean the exit should appear in the next five minutes. She put her hands on her bladder to massage it a bit and counted the seconds to the exit because she was so desperate for relief.

The exit appeared but Antonino didn't leave the motorway.

"Why didn't we go off here?" Nadine asked, a bit shocked now.

"We have to take the south exit, becuase we want to go to Sirmione and I didn't want to drive along the lake because it would take much to long."

"Okay" Nadine answered.

She searched the side of the street for the next sign and after a while there was one telling her it would be 45 kilometers to lago di garda south. She knew it would take about twenty minutes. She gritted her teeth, but after five long torturing minutes she said: " Antonino, can we please stop somewhere, cause I need a restroom."

"It will take less than 20 minutes until we leave the motorway. I know a nice bar in Bardolino, so we can stop there. It is about eight kilometers from the exit, means maybe ten minutes."

After a short pause Nadine answered: "Yes, that's nice but could you please stop at the next service because I have to pee really urgent. I have a bottle of champagne inside my bladder"

"No I can't" Antonino replied.

"Please you have to, because I'm really very desperate. What can't you understand of my words? I wouldn't ask you if it was not urgent, but I am in pain. My bladder is bulging and I don't know why I should hold it any longer. I really have to pee very bad." Nadine was snapping a bit, pissed of now.

"I would like to stop for you babe, but there is no service area between lago di garda north and south."

That was a shock. Nadine doubted she could make it so long. She unbuttoned her jeans to reduce the pressure on her bladder and started to bounce her knees together. She was in a really desperate state now. During her sleep she didn't feel this, but she already woke up because of the pain and now her sphincter was at its limit.

"You have to hurry", She said "I'm absolutly bursting."

"I can't go faster than the speed limit. We're there soon"

"Yes." Nadine mumbled.

She was now bent over a bit and pulling her waistband away round her body to ease the pain. But it doesn't work well because her jeans were really tight. She started sweating and felt that she was in real danger of pissing her pants.

"Can't you stop at the side, I'm dying for a piss."

"No, Nadine I can't. I told you before we have to reach the exit."

"How long is it until the exit" "I think we are there in ten minutes"

"I don't know how I can make it another ten minutes. I'm ready to explode. I'm full! It hurts! I don't know how long I can hold it. I didn't have to pee this bad in my whole life."

"Hang on, we're there soon."

"Didn't you understand, I am as desperate as never before!!! It means, mhh it's humilating to tell you but mhh I think it would become possible, you know that I mhh really am going to wet myself."

"Come on you make it," was his only reaction.

Nadine did her best but was in panic now. She pressed her hands between her legs a few times to help her tired muscles but even this didn't help much. She was really in pain. Cramps hit her and she had to squirm badly in her seat to keep control.

Then her need to pee didapeared completly. She feared that she lost it but felt that she was still dry. She also was sure that she had to pee because her bladder hurts really badly now.

After what seemed an eternity, they reached the exit but had to pass the tollgate. There were two cars in front of them and now Nadine's need to pee came back with force. It hit her unprepared and she had to fight hard to keep control. The urge was massive now, much more than before and she knew that this was a biological warning. Her body couldn't bear it anymore she knew and she was absolutly frantic now to reach a toilet.

She bounced her knees together but tried not to shake her bladder because she feared hurting herself seriously. She sat there and did a desperate pee dance in slow motion, not able to do fast movements without risking losing control. Also Antonino realized now that it was really an emergency.

"Are there public toilet at this gate" she asked Antonino in panic.

"I'm sorry, there are none. You have to hold it a few more minutes over the bridge there is a fast food restaurant."

Nadine swore: "Hurry, hurry your dumb cars. I'm gonna pee myself any second. Why do they need so much time to pay their fucking toll."

"Calm down" Antonio said, " It's our turn now. Please don't make a show in front of this man."

Nadine tried her best. She pressed her legs together and tried to stop squirming, but within sconds she found that she would pee herself and started to bounce around once more, desperately holding her pee in.

They passed the gate and Antonino tried to hurry. They entered the car park of the restaurant and Nadine opened the door immediatly. She climed out of the car and headed towards the building. She tried her best to walk upright and fast but it hurt so badly after a few quick steps that she had to press her hand between her legs to avoid peeing her pants.

At the end of her tether, she stepped between two cars and pulled down her pants as fast as possible while dancing on the spot. She then let go and the pee came out at once. Antonino tried to cover her from the looks of the people in the restaurant. Fortunately, the two parked cars provided good cover and nobody seemed to notice her.

"Oh I really thought I was going to wet myself in your car. If it had taken a few seconds longer I wouldn't have had a hope of holding it anymore."

"It's okay now. Pull up your pants and let us go in!"

Nadine adjusted her clothes and noticed her fingers were trembeling badly. She really had been at her limit.

