Bringing Kiera Home Ch. 02
	Keira gets punished for having an accident.
Author: AccidentallyKinky

Jamie and Keira settled into a routine; Keira went out drinking with her friends on Friday nights, and afterwards, she'd go over to Jamie's where they'd fuck and then he'd put her in a nappy to sleep.

She did try to stop drinking. The weekend after Jamie first made her wear the nappy, she went out with her friends and concocted a story about being on antibiotics and not being allowed to drink. But as her friends grew louder and more raucous, she succumbed and got a round in, including one for herself, which was closely followed by a couple more.

Her workweek was stressful enough, and as much as she hated being forced to wear a nappy, being able to let loose one evening a week was worth one night's embarrassment.

Besides, Jamie made it easy for her. He knew that she woke up early every Saturday morning to hide the evidence and then got back into bed with him, but he never mentioned it.

It had been four weeks now, and every Friday night he put the nappy on for her with no recrimination. Last night, though, she could have sworn that he had rubbed her padded behind as she nodded off, and although not certain he had said it, she could still hear the faint murmur of "my good girl" whispered in her ear.

And he rewarded her; every Saturday she would be woken with an earth-shattering climax. She had to admit that her Friday night emissions had put a dampener on their sex life; after all, who wants to fuck a bed-wetting little baby. But since she'd started wearing the nappy, things had improved exponentially.

That Tuesday, Keira's boss announced that their team had surpassed their sales targets for the month and they would be finishing work early as a reward. It was such a rare occurrence that Keira immediately texted Jamie to ask if she could come over that evening. They hardly ever saw each other mid-week, and she wanted to make the most of the opportunity.

Just as they were about to leave the office, her boss, Justin suggested they go for a drink to celebrate. Keira knew she shouldn't, but then decided she'd earned it. After all, it was her sales that had pushed them over the top.

She'd had just one small glass of wine when Jamie texted her back saying he'd love to see her. He suggested picking her up from her place in a couple of hours and taking her to dinner somewhere.

Keira was excited. They hadn't been on a proper date in months. She bid her colleagues farewell amidst protestations of "stay for one more," but the siren song of a night out with Jamie was more seductive than one more expensive drink in a dingy London pub.

She rushed home, showered, and then took her time getting ready for her date with the man she loved. She picked a simple skater style dress, black with white polka dots. The style showed off her impossibly tiny waist and accentuated her breasts. They weren't big, perfect for her frame size, but Jamie loved how they fit so snugly in the palms of his hands when he squeezed them and nibbled on her perfectly pink nipples.

As she slipped on her lacy underwear, she smiled wistfully imagining how Jamie would soon be removing them. He very often tore her panties in passionate impatience, but yet, she never skimped and always wore the prettiest lace for him.

She could practically feel his large manicured hands, gripping her waist as he rammed her against the wall. With his hands grabbing her hair, he'd push his tongue in her mouth. With her legs wrapped around him, he'd plunge his cock deep inside her making her gasp She'd grip his cropped blonde hair as he repeatedly slammed her against the wall.

By the time Jamie rang her doorbell with a massive bunch of flowers in his hands, Kiera's panties were wet with anticipation.

"You look good enough to eat," he breathed seductively.

"I am ready to be eaten," she purred back.

He almost threw her to the floor right then and there, but instead, he chivalrously held out his arm, "oh, you will be. Soon, But first, let me take you to dinner."

It had been such a long time since they'd had a conversation that wasn't made up of quick texts and phone calls in between meetings, that they had loads to catch up on. Jamie had almost forgotten what a flirtatious delight she was, and Keira relished remembering all the reasons she'd fallen for him in the first place. In the ambient lighting of the restaurant, Keira's animated conversation became even more captivating, and Jamie's smile flashed ever brighter.

Neither Kiera nor Jamie could wait to get back home.

When the waiter came and offered them drinks, Jamie ordered a large glass of red for himself, and Keira was about to order the same when Jamie flashed her a look. She quickly changed her order to a small glass instead.

"Good girl," Jamie smiled at her his ocean blue eyes sparkling with pure affection.

Jamie felt his cock twitch when Keira smiled coyly and blushed at the endearment. Her sweet little girl look made him want to ravish her right then and there.

But, like the perfect gentleman, he savoured the time with his girlfriend and properly enjoyed her company.

His gentlemanlike behaviour dropped as soon as they walked through his front door.

"God, I want you," he breathed into her neck as he pushed her against the wall, exactly as she had imagined earlier that evening.

He fumbled with the zip of his trousers, quickly releasing his engorged cock as he lifted her and ripping her panties off her he rammed straight into her, thrusting into her cervix as she screamed out in agonising ecstasy. He grabbed her hair as his cock exploded inside her.

She felt his cum sliding down her leg as she slid down to the floor, trying to catch her breath. She picked up her torn panties and twirled them around her finger "you know, you cost me a fortune in knickers," she giggled.

"Well, you could always try not wearing any," he suggested with a smirk.

"Now where would be the fun in that?" she quipped, as he helped her off the floor.

"Here... let me show you," he twirled her, so her back was to him, and pulled her close. With his teeth gently nibbling on her ear, he ran his hands down her leg over her dress. As he reached the hem, his fingers trailed a path up her thigh where he could feel her slick arousal. With precise movements, he began circling her clit; he could still feel his cum sticky on her pussy lips as he mixed his seed with her wetness. She moaned out loud as he drummed a steady beat on her engorged centre, and he felt her legs tremble in erotic ecstasy.

"You see the fun in not wearing panties," he whispered seductively in her ear.

She didn't respond; at least not with words. Despite being half his size, and because she was met with very little resistance, she pushed him onto the bed and undid his belt. She shimmied his pin-stripe trousers off his legs and cast them aside. His cock, having been freed earlier from his black Polo Ralph Lauren jersey shorts, was standing at half-mast. Without preamble, she divested him from his underwear, chucking it over her shoulder while simultaneously lowering her mouth to his libidinous invitation.

She felt him growing in her mouth, his girth stretching her luscious lips. He bucked his hips, pushing himself deeper down her throat as she gagged, covering his cock with her drool. He grabbed her hair and fucked her wet little mouth, his cock angrily devouring her throat as she hungrily accepted his repeated thrusts. She felt him stiffen, as he spurted his essence into her mouth, which she swallowed with ravenous lust.

And this was before either of them was fully undressed.

A fact that was no longer true approximately thirty seconds later.

They ravaged each other's bodies like two vultures feeding on carrion. He fucked her tight little cunt, stretching her, while she rode him like a fairground ride. He pinioned her body with his, gripping her wrists with one hand, and choking her with his other. Through hitched breaths, her orgasm convulsed through her as lifted her legs and with violent thrusts bruised her cervix with his own climax.

Afterward he asked her, with no accusation, whether she needed protection from accidents.

"I only had one glass at dinner," she muttered dreamily, "I should be fine."

"What about earlier with your friends. Did you have any with them?"

Kiera's eyes popped open. She'd forgotten about that. But after the night they'd just had, the very very adult night they'd just had, she didn't want to feel like a little girl. And enveloped by the secret darkness of the night she lied and said no.

_______________________________________________________________

"What the hell, Keira," Jamie jumped out of bed at 4am. He was woken by the contents of Keira's bladder lapping at his naked body.

Keira awoke, her eyes wide in shame and guilt.

"I'm so sorry Jamie," she whimpered.

"One glass. You only had one glass. I thought you said you'd be fine."

Keira grabbed a pillow and held it in front of herself like a shield. She nervously agitated its corner, lowered her eyes and in a small voice said, "it wasn't just the one."

Jamie was furious.

"Keira, an accident I can forgive, but you lied to me. I asked you, and you lied to me."

"I know Jamie... and I'm sorry... I really didn't think it would be a problem. And I didn't want to feel like a baby who needs to wear a nappy."

"And what do you feel like now, huh?" Jamie fumed. "Do you feel like a big fucking girl now, do you?"

Keira's eyes filled with tears.

"Well, if you're going to behave like a little girl, I'm going to treat you like one," he sat down on the edge of the bed, "now stand up and come here."

Keira hesitated and swallowed a sob.

"Now," Jamie repeated in a tone that she didn't dare ignore.

Keira shuffled off the bed, her hands in front of her trying to cover her shame.

"Come here," Jamie beckoned her closer with a crooked finger. She stepped forward slowly, not quite sure what was going to happen.

"Move your hands," he commanded.

Keira whimpered as she moved her hands away from her front and let them hang limply at her sides. She'd never felt quite so naked in her nudity as she did right now.

Jamie ran his hands over her shaven mound, "what a wet little mess you've made, haven't you little girl."

Keira flinched at the diminutive.

"Do you know what happens to little girls who lie?"

Keira shook her head.

Jamie stood up, looked down at his embarrassed girl, lifted her chin with his finger, so her tear-filled eyes were looking right at him.

"You're about to find out."

Keira barely had time to register his response as in one movement he sat back down while simultaneously pulled her over his knee.

Keira's first "ow" wrenched through the air only after Jamie had landed three hard spanks over her slender backside.

"Little girls who can't control themselves and lie get spankings."

Keira's yelps of "ow ow ow" gave way to whimpers, mewlings, and finally sobs. She pitifully wept as Jamie spanked her bottom. It wasn't so much the pain, which was not inconsiderable as she felt her butt becoming a bright shade of red, but the humiliation of it all. She was being spanked like a little girl. But she deserved it, didn't she? She'd lied for no reason. Jamie wasn't cruel by making her wear a nappy. He'd been nothing but kind about it, and she'd repaid him with a stupid lie.

It seemed like an age before Jamie ceased spanking her. Keira didn't think she'd ever felt this much pain and shame in her entire life. He made her stand in front of him, but she couldn't look at him and kept her eyes lowered as her tears spilt on to the plush carpet.

"Now go to the bathroom and fetch me a nappy," Jamie told her, his tone somewhat softened.

Keira didn't hesitate. In fact, she almost ran. She closed the door, slid to the floor, her knees up against her abdomen, lowered her head and wept like a baby.

A few minutes later, Jamie knocked on the door and entered the bathroom. He lifted his girl off the floor and just held her tightly against him as she cried.

Eventually, her sobs began to subside to a snivel as she began repeating the words "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," into his chest like a prayer.

Jamie moved her slightly so he could look into her reddened tear-filled eyes, "Keira, I'm not upset that you had an accident, it happens. But I am upset that you lied to me. You have a little problem, and we found a solution that worked. I've never made you feel bad about it, have I?"

Keira shook her head.

"So why did you lie to me about how many drinks you'd had?"

"I don't know," Keira once again broke into sobs, "I just wanted to be a normal, grown-up girl."

Jamie kissed her softly on the head.

"Sweetheart, you are a normal, grown-up girl, but you have a little problem, and grown-ups deal with their problems, they don't lie about them and make them worse."

Keira nodded "I'm so sorry... it won't ever happen again."

"No, it won't" Jamie asserted, "as much as I want to, I can't trust you now. So from now on, whenever you stay over at mine, you will wear a nappy, drink or no drink."

Keira began to protest, but seeing the look on Jamie's face, she nodded in resigned reluctance.

He grabbed a nappy off the shelf, took Kiera by the hand "we'll leave the clean-up for the morning, and sleep in the spare room for a few hours," he said as he led her towards his second bedroom.

The light was beginning to creep in through the windows; they only had about two hours to sleep, "I don't need a nappy now," Kiera whispered.

"I'm not going to argue with you about this," Jamie said gently but firmly, "now lie down like a good girl."

Keira had no choice, and with silent tears streaming down the side of her face, she allowed Jamie to cover her reddened sore bottom with a nappy.

She didn't think she'd be able to sleep, but with Jamie's soothing hair-stroking and reassuring words, the emotional exhaustion got the better of her, and she dozed off in a fitful sleep.

Jamie, on the other hand, didn't sleep a wink. He was feeling a sense of conflicted disquiet. He didn't enjoy seeing his girl so distressed, much less being the cause of it, but was there perhaps a part of him that took a secret pleasure in her vulnerability? He loved Keira with every fibre of his being; she was witty, beautiful, charming and sexy. By god she was sexy; the things she could do with that mouth of hers, but tonight when she looked so sorrowful, her tears streaking her gorgeous face, something stirred inside of him, something he couldn't quite put his finger on.

He held his girl close to his body as she occasionally hiccupped a sob in her sleep. Carefully, so as not to wake her, he ran his hand over her padded bottom. He knew his little girl wouldn't wet herself tonight anymore, but a small part of him wished she would.

--------------

I will continue this story if there is enough interest
