As he piloted his small cabin cruiser along the edge of the Gulf Stream, Jim Maxwell noticed a stationary blip on the radar. That was not all that unusual, probably a fisherman. But as he got within sight of the object, he noted that it was not one but two boats, one a large sport fisherman, the other a “Cigarette” type speedboat. It was unusual to see boats nested like that in the open sea, so Maxwell decided to have a closer look. 
When he focused his binoculars on the boats, his blood ran cold. Two men on the after deck of the sport fisherman were taunting a woman, pushing her back and forth between them, taking turns roughly kissing and pawing her. He quickly rigged his sea anchor and launched his Zodiac, strapping his pistol on before starting the engine. Approaching the boats, he swung around to the bow of the larger boat so its superstructure would screen his approach.
Quietly, he lashed his inflatable to the speedboat and crept aboard. He could hear them. The woman was pleading to be left alone, the men laughing and encouraging each other to continue fondling and taunting her. 
“Please, no, stop, I have to pee!”
“Oh, ho, yes, tickle her!”
“No, please, don’t . . . “
“That’s right, DON’T!” Maxwell appeared on the deck of the speedboat, pistol drawn. The tormentors turned in surprise, the woman stumbled to the corner of the deck and cowered in fear, her hands clasped between her legs.
“Hey, look, man, we were just having . . . “
“SHUT UP!” Maxwell’s tone made it clear he saw no humor in the situation. “Sit in the fighting chairs, NOW!” The men hurriedly sat in the swivel chairs. “Put your hands behind your backs! Miss, can you tie a rope around their wrists?” The woman nodded and crept to the mooring line coiled on the deck. She was apparently a good sailor, because she threw lashings around the men’s wrists in short order. Holstering his pistol, Maxwell then did the same with their ankles, lashing them to the footboards. Fastening the seat belts around their waists completed the process.
“Now we’ll call the Coast Guard and you guys will suffer the consequences of your actions!” But as he headed for the cabin to switch on the radio, the woman stopped him and whispered that her boat was unregistered. If the Coast Guard found her she would be in trouble. He considered the situation, then came up with a plan, whispering to her to follow his lead. Proceeding to the cabin, he pretended to make the radio call, then returned to the deck with the woman, who seemed to have forgotten her need to pee. He asked her name and what had happened.
“My name’s Elena. I was just cruising out here when these two sent up a flare, a distress signal. When I came alongside to see what the trouble was, they grabbed me and started pawing and pushing me. They said they would . . . enjoy me soon!” 
Maxwell nodded. “Well, no reason not to be comfortable while we wait. See if there’s any beer in the galley fridge.” There was, and Jim carefully untied on of each man’s hands so they could drink. He drank along with them, but made it look like he was drinking a lot more than he actually was. After the two had consumed four cans, one of them said he had to pee.
“Well,” Jim said, “Let’s see about that.” With a deft move, he swept the man’s hand behind his back and re–tied it, repeating the process with his partner. Turning the two seats back to back, he put a piece of tape over each man’s mouth. He then lowered the one man’s zipper and extracted his penis, then whipped a short length of fishing line from his pocket, looped it around just below the crown, pulled it snug, and tied a fisherman’s knot in it. He repeated the process with the other, then swung them around to face each other.
“Know what happens when you’re tied tight with fishing line like that? The flesh swells.” He took a pair of clippers and cut the ends of the line close to the knots. If you survive and are found, the only way they’ll get that off is to cut your dicks to get at it. And you may have gangrene in the ends by then, who knows? The only treatment for gangrene is . . . amputation!” He snapped the clippers together. “Not only that, but the backup will probably cause kidney damage. You’ll have to spend the rest of your lives using kidney machines! That is, if you’re found. We faked the distress call.” Triumphantly, he replaced their already–distended penes in their pants and zipped them up, then removed the tape from their mouths.
“Go ahead and scream. No one will hear you except us, and we’ll be gone before long. And screaming will make you thirsty!” He held up a half–full beer can. “You’ll be dying of too little fluid in one end, and too much in the other!” He drank off the beer and then laughed. “You know, I have to pee now. Care to watch?” Oblivious to the whining pleas of his victims, he lowered his own zipper and stepped to the rail, aiming at the deck between them. As he peed, Elena clapped her hand to her groin, pressing her lips and knees together as she watched.
“I almost forgot,” she said as Jim zipped up, “I still have to pee, and you wouldn’t let me then!” She stepped out of her shorts and panties and stood, feet apart, hands on hips, and relaxed her groin muscles. Howls of anguish accompanied her sigh of relief as a golden stream jetted from her pussy, splattering on the deck between the fighting chairs. She picked up her discarded clothes and stepped over the rail to her boat. Jim untied the mooring lines and pushed the boats apart as Elena, not bothering to put her pants back on, started the big engines. Their rumble drowned out the keening of the would–be rapists as he stepped up behind her, standing 
at the boat’s controls, and put his hands on her hips.. 
Glancing over her shoulder at him with a naughty grin, she murmured, “And what do you think you’re doing back there?”
“Ummm, protecting you from the elements?”
“You’ve already protected me from the worst elements.” As she said this, she rolled her hips back to press her bare bottom against Jim’s front. He pressed against her in response, one of his hands sliding under her halter top to cup a breast. “Mmmm, yes, that’s good.” He kissed her neck and shoulders as he fondled her taut nipple with one hand and curled his other around her hip to cup her pussy, the downy hairs still damp from her pee. Through this she kept her hands on the steering wheel, but then she slid one behind her to fumble with Jim’s zipper. His shorts fell to the deck and his hot penis nestled between the cheeks of Elena’s tush like a sausage in a bun.
“Wait!” Jim felt her tense up and stepped back, breaking contact.. “I have an idea, another way to punish those creeps!” Jim raised an eyebrow. “They were gonna rape me. I want them to see what I do with someone I like! And to see what they’ll never get!” Deftly, she manipulated the wheel and throttles until the speedboat was idling astern of the sport fisherman, not ten feet away from it. She pulled the top over her head and stepped to the rail, leaning over to rest her hands on it. The two captives stared at the sight. Taking his cue, Jim pulled off his own t–shirt and stepped up behind her, for a moment nestling between her cheeks as before, but then pushing his shaft down and sliding it between her parted thighs, letting it press up against her twice–moist labias. Caressing her breast with one hand, he held her hip with the other, guiding her in a sensual rocking motion. “You see what I do for those I like,” she said in a purring tone. “Enjoy the view …it’s something you’ll never have!” She reached down and pushed Jim’s rod into her. He reflexively pushed deep. Over her shoulder, she whispered not to be gentle, but just take her. This he did, rocking his hips firmly to slide his hot penis out and in, where the restrained men on the other boat could clearly see.
“Oh, geeez, I have to pee again! I’m gonna cum and go!” Laughing, then whimpering, she let fly just as Jim’s penis began to throb inside her. Her high–pitched squeals floated over the water. As his orgasm abated, Jim grinned. The beer he had drunk was still having an effect on him, and he decided to use it to effect. Easing out of her, he held his penis between her legs and let fly himself, his stream jetting from between her legs as if it was her own. With a girlish shriek and giggle, Elena watched, once reaching her finger to intercept the golden stream as it arced over the rail, making the distinctive trickling noise in the water below.
He then whispered in her ear, and she nodded. Time to abandon the scene of the crime! Elena strode, defiantly naked, to the controls as Jim shook the last drops off his penis. He stood beside her as she put the big engines into gear and gunned them, splashing water over the other boat and the men on its deck. Captain Red