Bunker Break Pt. 04: Conspiracy
	Conspiracy to make Gillian pee has unintended side-effects.
Author: alpian

As in the last chapter, this story contains wetting, peeing, and implicit consent watersports.

Disclaimer: All characters are of age and purely fictitious; similarities to real human beings are not intended. Any similarity is to be regarded as accidental and done without the knowledge of the author.

***

Laura was thrilled by her experience so far.

Her plan had always been to get into some peeing action with a stranger, and she had set out to prepare their holiday accordingly. She was pretty sure she had identified the right girl and had made sure she got plenty to drink along with herself and Gillian. She had enjoyed to watch Marianne's rising desperation and was amazed by the long time the girl managed to hold on. When they reached the bunker, it had seemed like the perfect place to squat in privacy and take advantage of the intimacy to spy on their guide relieving herself. Playing the dungeon game was the perfect excuse to prolong their guide's desperation by feigning ignorance of her mounting despair. The video of Gillian forcing Marianne to stay with them had culminated in a close-up wetting scene when the young girl had peed her jeans in front of them.

Totally turned on and craving for some action, Laura had considered to piss her panties in front of her companions. But the humiliated girl just wouldn't look up and Laura needed to devise a plan for catching her attention.

She knew she had found the perfect excuse, when she glanced at the embrasure -- immediately, a plan formed. Setting the spare camera on the tea box, she got up and filmed Marianne's ongoing disgrace from a new angle, zooming in on her exposed breast, her soaking wet jeans and the puddle on the mattress between her legs -- undisputable witness of her accident. Gillian was fondling the girl's boob as she slowly approached them. Instead of calling for attention, she was going to impose herself on the girl.

Handing the cam to Gillian, she stepped right between her friend's legs, her foot almost touching the crotch of her black leggings. Marianne had lifted her gaze and was watching Laura's approach, she noted. Relishing in the young guide's confusion, she straddled the girl, bringing her own crotch tentatively close to the girl's face. Observing how Marianne looked down in shame on her own pee-drenched clothes, Laura used the occasion to lift her skirt over the girl's head -- would she cry out in shock when she realized she was less than a foot from Laura's moist panties? Laura felt her bladder almost bursting -- she was really desperate, there was no time to draw out her game.

As Gillian started a conversation with their guide, Laura tentatively relaxed her sphincter muscles. Immediately, she felt urine filtering through her urethra, filling the little space between her short labia and soaking into her panties all along her slit. Regretfully, she clenched shut and stopped the flow. The flimsy fabric of her light-blue thong couldn't absorb much fluid... Feeling her own pee desperation and listening to her companions' dialogue on Marianne's humiliation turned her on. She enjoyed adding to the girl's sorrow by pointing out that she had set the precedent for peeing in the vagabond's place; implying her responsibility for the damage done and yet to come as they prepared to follow her example. She was so turned on, she had to touch herself!

Slipping her hand into her panties, her fingers found her wet slit. Caressing herself, she slid her fingers along her groove. Gently, her middle finger disappeared between her labia as she stimulated her inside. Holding it in her vagina and pushing hard against her urethra, she released a few drops of fresh pee into her hand. Rubbing back and forth, pee and vaginal juices created a very slippery slope along her vulvar vestibule, finally covering all of her labia in goo and smearing it all over her clitoris. This felt so good! How she wished to just release the pent up pressure and pee forcefully into her hand, into her panties, feeling it gush past her clit and all over herself! Feeling close to orgasm, she withdrew her fingers.

Had Marianne been watching her? Did she realize how close to wetting herself she had come? Was the girl aware what the consequences of such an accident would be?

Unfortunately, Laura couldn't see the victim of her game. But she knew she had left her slit ajar, parting her inner labia as she withdrew her fingers. Experience told her: her thongs would be fully see-through by now. Her vulva didn't have any secrets to Marianne and Gillian anymore, she was completely exposed despite the fabric providing an excuse of decency. And she knew the face of the former was less than a foot from her crotch as she now squirted briefly into her panties. She felt her urethra swell and release a spurt of clear urine into her panties. She felt some of it trickling along her thighs.

Yes, Marianne had noticed it -- she shrank away and cuddled against Gillian. Immediately, Laura peed again. She feared Marianne might object to being peed on and wanted to make sure she got at least one good shot on the girl before she had to retreat. She was so excited by her own naughtiness -- how daring to simply pee her panties whilst straddling a stranger! Hands back in her panties, she pressed hard against her crotch, stimulating herself whilst suppressing the urge to pee. She almost came as she felt her fingers parting her labia, rubbing her nub between them. Nearing orgasm, she almost lost control of her bladder and pee squirted onto her hand.

Restraining herself, she cut off her climax and stopped the flow. Still fingering herself, she realized Marianne hadn't said a word, just skidded down a bid. Enthused, Laura knew what she had to do.

Pulling her hands out of her panties, she let go again -- freely peeing her panties for a couple of seconds. She could hear it pattering on the girl's clothes and skin, an immense turn-on. Bending her knees slightly and lifting her heels off the ground, she brought her body closer to the wall, stretching upwards. Her panties could only be centimeters from Marianne's face, she thought, as she peed again. The sound of her dripping urine had changed, indicating it now fell on exposed skin and no longer on fabric: She was relieving herself on her victim's decollete.

Stopping the flow once more, feeling the pent-up floods in her bladder yearning for release, she moved her hand into her skirt. She heard Gillian speak, pointing out her accident to Marianne with an undertone of accusation. Would the girl fall for it? Would she believe that it was her own fault that Laura was wetting herself now?

Yanking her panties aside, Laura couldn't wait any longer. Whatever Marianne would think, Laura was decided to finish her naughty toilet all over the unsuspecting girl. Starting her piss, she felt a gush of hot urine pass her hand and splatter on the girl's decollete. Using her fingers to spread her labia a little more, pulling up a little and tensioning her abdomen, Laura brought her hips forward and pushed hard, knowing her jet of pee was now directed almost fully forward. On tiptoes, one knee leaning against Gillian's breast, the other against the cold concrete wall, she stretched as far as she could. Was she peeing into the girl's face? At the very least, Marianne was getting a thorough golden shower, Laura smiled in ecstatic bliss.

Savoring every instant of hosing down her victim, feeling her pee splash back against her thighs and calves, Laura leant against the wall with her free arm, curving her back and relishing in the pleasure of releasing the unbearable pressure on her bladder in a torrent of lightly scented pee on an unsuspecting, innocent girl. The forbidden act absolutely turned her on. This was so much better than her original plan of simply wetting her panties in front of the girl -- so much naughtier!

As the last trickle of urine left her urethra, Laura ran her fingers along her slit, sliding her middle finger along the center of it as soon as the last drops had left her bladder, stimulating her clit to finally bath in an overwhelming orgasm.

Flushed with hormones, trembling, she almost fell on Marianne's lap. Rubbing her private parts against the girl soaked in her pee, she managed to draw out her orgasm in a kind of aftershock. Hugging the weeping girl, she took some time to recover from the giant wake of pleasure before forcing herself back to reality.

It was urgent to make up an excuse and load the blame on Marianne to avoid any trouble resulting from her mischievous act. Fortunately, she was quick-witted and her machinations worked as intended on the shy, bashful, and introvert girl. 'It might not have turned out as well,' Laura thought, 'had she not humiliated herself in front of us just minutes ago.'

Indeed, Marianne had been primed to accept blame and feel guilty by having lost control of her body and wetting herself in the most embarrassing accident she ever had. In her current state of mind, she was ready to accept anything to purge her shame and disgrace and recover her dignity and the esteem of her companions.

With the fine flair of a lady relishing in other women's distress and humiliation, Laura had sensed the opportunity. Suggesting to get out of their wet clothes, she had moved quickly and stripped first Marianne off her top and bra, then herself. Whilst Gillian dealt with the remainder of the girl's clothes, Laura had seized the opportunity to push her exposed pubic mount right into the girl's face, labia on lips, before she settled on the -- now nude -- girl's lap for more furtive pleasuring.

The girl had been so accommodating, she decided to one-up the game. After all, she knew Gillian was as desperate for a wee as the two of them had been prior to their respective accidents.

Gillian had relished undressing their guide, touching the wet fabric drenched in her and Laura's urine. Wet garments were a huge turn-on for her and whilst she enjoyed exposing the young girl's full body to her and Laura's stares, she was looking forward to some solitary moments outdoors. A premature squirt left her overstressed bladder as she knelt in front of Marianne. She was bent forward like a submissive dog, pulling the girl's jeans from under her buttocks, her own buns high in the air, legs spread to fit Marianne's feet between her legs. 'Doesn't matter,' she thought as she felt the warmth spread in her crotch, 'my black leggings are dripping of pee already -- feels like they soaked in a liter of Marianne's and Laura's pee.'

Taking the girl's shoes off and sliding the jeans off her feet, Gillian observed how Laura cunningly planted her crotch in the abashed guide's face. 'What a wonderful pussy!' she thought, looking up from her low vantage point to her friend's tight bottom and cleanly shaven vulva.

Clothes removed and Laura sitting back on Marianne's lap, Gillian turned and went upstairs to spread the clothes in the sun to dry. First she had thought about hanging them into the tree, but they would be visible from afar. Finally, she settled on spreading them on the grass around the bunker area, taking great care to make sure they were fully spread and didn't touch the dirt.

Undoing the laces of her shoes, she felt another spasm in her lower body. She was the only one who had not yet had a chance to relieve herself. Her bladder hurt, she was almost agonizing with the need to pee. Her tight leggings pushed firmly against her belly and bladder. Yet she knew she mustn't just give in to nature's call and thoroughly wet her leggings as she stood out here in the sun. Laura would want to watch her pee, and they had agreed she would pee herself in front of their guide. This had been the plan from the outset: Gillian was going to have an accident. Hence the choice of black leggings -- they would hide the traces of pee from the general public, like they had done before when she had one of her accidents in public, wetting herself on purpose.

She clearly was a little exhibitionist and enjoyed turning on Laura with her naughty acts in plain sight. But the pressure was too much. They had waited for too long. Bent forward as she was, trying to loosen the knot in her laces, she felt another spurt fill her vulvar vestibule and soak between her labia into her leggings. Rivulets of pee were running along her legs as she desperately tried to stop the flow. The hot gush had felt good -- warming up the stale wetness that was quickly getting cold despite the warm summer sun. Yet she had to stop it -- she couldn't allow urine to soak her hiking shoes, or she would risk getting sore feet on their way back. Unlikely that they would dry in the sun before they had to leave again.

Finally, the knot ceded and she opened her laces. Stepping out of her shoes, she felt naughty and consciously peed again, this time holding her hand at her gusset, rubbing the golden fluid into the fabric as soon as it left her source. How wonderful it felt to be publicly naughty, feel the hot pee run along her legs before dripping off her naked feet! Soon, she was standing in a small puddle on the hot concrete roof of the bunker. The pressure in her bladder diminished to more bearable levels. Stopping her flow and walking around in the sun for a couple minutes, she savored the feeling of warm, wet fabric on her skin. Yet only too soon it was time to get back down into the cold bunker.

The thought of the chill in the cold cavern made her shiver. No, she wasn't going back in there with her soaking wet pants! Stripping out of her leggings, she noticed how cold her shirt was. It had been thoroughly soaked by Laura's pee splashing from Marianne's chin. Spreading long-shirt and leggings on the grass, she stood proudly in the open wearing only her sheer black panties and white sports-bra. Both were drenched in pee, too, but she enjoyed the wet fabric on her skin, the light breeze giving her goosebumps, her nipples standing proud.

Admiring how her dark areolae shimmered through the thin bra, she decided to return inside without removing the last of her garments. She loved to show off her body a little, and was looking forward to presenting herself to their guide in this sexy outfit. She just hoped she'd get to pee soon -- not knowing what turn things had taken downstairs during the last ten minutes, she was hoping for Laura to indicate how to proceed. Would she get a chance to wet herself in front of them?

When Gillian reentered the room, Laura suggested "You have been outside just now, and I wonder if the view is different above than through the window slit. Here, the embrasure frames the picture, giving a clearer focus on the far sight instead of the immediate surroundings."

Gillian immediately understood. Laura was up to some mischief of hers. She kicked off her shoes, asserting she feared to be getting a blister. This was quickly done, since she had only slipped into them to avoid the sharp concrete chunks strewn on the stairs and in the bunker. She told her companions that her leggings needed to dry, too, since they had gotten soaked on the mattress when she was holding Marianne,; omitting mention of her voluntary solo-accident outside. Then she stepped on the mattress.

"I'll have a look." She commented, moving towards the two women and the embrasure.

"Please, may I step over you?" she asked, "I can't get close enough to the window."

As Laura released her hold on Marianne and leant back, she stepped with one foot between them such as to straddle the sitting girls, standing. Marianne instinctively retreated, lying against the wall at an angle rather than sitting upright like before: As Gillian had taken her pants off, she had been pulled away from the wall. Cuddling with Laura, being held in the older lady's arms, she had not missed the cold wall to lean on. Moving close to the window, Gillian stood about two feet from the wall in such a position that Laura was sitting behind her, facing her butt, and Marianne was sitting in front of her, facing her pubic mount.

"You're right -- the view is much more focused here and you don't have the bright sunlight all around you. This is the version I would paint, were I ..."

She couldn't continue to talk: Laura was tickling her in the hollow of her knees. Gillian struggled and sunk to her knees, now kneeling upright in front of Laura above Marianne's chest. Laura was excited -- her scheme was playing out fine and Marianne didn't seem to have a clue yet. She took hold of the camera and got ready for action. She zoomed in on Gillian's ass partly covered by black cheeky sports panties about ten centimeters above Marianne's naked chest. She knew what was going to happen next and decided to help it a bit. Holding the camera steady and bending sideways such that Marianne could see her, she mouthed:

"Tickle her!"

Marianne wasn't sure if she had understood right. She couldn't ask, not even silently, as Gillian would have seen the movement of her lips. Instead, she removed her arms from between Gillian's legs to reach up and gesture behind her back.

Laura nodded, moving her lips:

"Yes, tickle her! Go for it!"

Timidly, Marianne's hands approached the back of Gillian's haunches and gently tickled her skin. The woman immediately began to wince. Doing so, she moved her knees closer to Marianne's body. Laura concentrated on the camera, rocking back and forth on Marianne's pubic mount, stimulating her most sensitive parts whilst enjoying the anticipation of what was going to come.

Suddenly, Gillian rocked her hips back and bent over, leaning with her arms against the wall above Marianne. Only then the girl realized, what had happened: her tickling had caused Gillian to pee in her panties, a shimmer of wetness quickly growing in size along the gusset. Now pee started dripping from the black fabric, a trickle forming between it and her cleavage.

She felt the warmth spread between her breasts and run along her belly, collecting in her bellybutton and running off to the sides. In shock she realized what Laura had meant, when she proposed a remedy against Gillian telling her parents: Gillian needed to pee herself in front of them! Instinctively pulling her arms up and back, she must have hit a sensitive spot in Gillian's waist, since she felt another abrupt movement. Gillian sat up straight again and in a new burst, pee began splashing on her decollete, a rivulet forming towards her neck and collecting by her collarbones before running off her shoulders. This was a longer spurt and Gillian seemed to have trouble stopping it.

Laura taped everything without Marianne's knowledge -- she couldn't see the camera hidden behind Gillian. When Laura saw Marianne removing her arms, she tickled Gillian again, who was struggling with her still pressing desire to pee. She brought her hips forward to evade Laura's touch, bending over backwards. Since her knees were placed in the girl's armpits, this movement brought her panties right against Marianne's chin. She gave in to the urge and send another hot stream of her collected pee through her urethra, hitting Marianne directly underneath her chin.

Marianne moved her arms up in shock, allowing Gillian's panties to get even closer to her face. Struggling to escape from her uncomfortable position, Marianne pushed against the wall, pulling her feet towards her behind, trying to sit up. Instead, she found her bottom sliding towards her feet, helped by Laura's pushing back against her thighs as she bend her legs and her feet finding resistance pulling against the edge of the mattress. It didn't help that her arms -- stuck in the space between Gillian's haunches and the wall -- were actually exerting a down and backward force as she tried to extricate them.

Surprised at the effect of her movement, Marianne froze again. She found herself lying flat on the mattress, her forearms above her head against the cold concrete wall, her feet on the stone floor against the edge of the mattress, her legs bend with knees high up, Laura leaning against her haunches and still sitting firmly on her lap. Gillian hadn't moved, but instead of straddling her bosom she was now towering right above her face.

Gillian wondered: it looked as though the girl tried to slip under her crotch. Did she want to break out, escape from her peeing assault? Or was there something else?

Marianne kept still, feeling trapped between Gillian's legs firmly framing her head and upper arms. She didn't want to be peed on any more, yet she had to check with Laura if their conspiracy had worked out as expected -- had they succeeded to compromise Gillian enough to keep the secret on today's events? Lifting her head, Marianne looked expectantly at Laura.

Laura didn't even try to hide the cam still filming the scene. Holding a finger to her lips, she signaled the girl to remain quiet, pointing to Gillian and then at the cam.

Marianne nodded: Gillian didn't know her accident was being filmed. She nodded. It seemed obvious that this was necessary, as the other two accidents had been filmed as well. Laura needed to capture Gillian's wetting to make sure they were even.

Laura smiled, very satisfied with the girl's reaction. Still holding the cam with one hand, she indicated for Marianne to keep still as she reached forward and gently touched Gillian's lower back, just above the seam of her black panties.

Marianne watched in disbelief as Laura started feathering her girlfriend's back.

"It's ok, relax..." Laura articulated.

As Marianne couldn't keep her head up any longer, her muscles hurting from the strain, she nodded ok.

Gillian was squirming under Laura's touch. She had seen how their guide had lifted her head and suspected she was part of the game: Had she even triggered the new tickling attack? Did she like this kind of kinky watersports games? Had she confided herself to Laura? Gillian was highly aroused at the thought.

Now, the girl's head sunk onto the mattress again. Immediately, she took advantage of it: a long stream of pee was released and flowed over Marianne's closed mouth. She began moving her hip back and forth, pretending Laura still tickled her. She felt her vulva rubbing the young girl's nose. She moved even closer, planting her crotch on the Marianne's face and rocking her clitoris against the girl's nose, pressing the fabric of the panties into her slit. Marianne felt her nose surrounded by the woman's outer labia and the smell of fresh urine. It didn't smell bad, she thought, surprised about herself the same instant. Breathing was hard now, so she tried to tell Gillian to give her some room -- but as soon as Gillian felt her opening her mouth, she let go and another burst of fresh pee directly entered the girl's throat. Marianne couldn't help but swallow if she didn't want to breathe pee.

The flow stopped again -- Gillian was so aroused by now, she wanted to savor every second. Yet she was still overflowing with urine, and every drop she still had in her overstretched bladder distracted her from coming. Again she rubbed her clit against the girl's nose, pressing the wet fabric onto her face. She released another few drops, rubbing again. Laura was filming and had to try hard not to rub herself to an immediate orgasm but to catch every second on tape without shaking the camera too much. Yet she buried her crotch as deep as she could in Marianne's bush, feeling the girl's clitoris underneath her pubic hair.

As Gillian moved up a bit, holding herself, fighting the pain in her bladder, Marianne lifted her head to look at Laura for instructions.

Gillian had doubled over, both hands pushing into the seam of her panties to reduce the pressure. She slid her hands all the way to her crotch, brushing the well-trimmed bush on her mons and feeling the junction of her labia with her index fingers, gently rubbing her knob between them.

This movement slid her panties halfway down her hip, detaching the soaked gusset from her wet skin. Laura observed how Gillian exposed half of her buttocks to her and how her vulva became visible in the space between the dropping gusset and her legs.

Zooming in on her friend's pussy, then focusing on the girl's piss-drenched face just visible to the sides of the soaked panty-gusset, Laura was looking into her innocent victim's wide eyes. Seeing no revolt, she felt she could give her instructions aloud -- after all, Gillian needed to know, too:

"Gillian needs to reduce the pressure -- why don't you hold her panties?"

Laura couldn't see how Marianne's arms were blocked between Gillian's legs and against the concrete wall.

Gillian understood, shifted a bit, and guided Marianne's arm such that she could grab the front piece of the panties. Marianne's hand held the soaked fabric, feeling the back of her fingers brushing Gillian's well-trimmed bush. Not only was she pulling down the hem of the panties, but her grip also pulled the crotch to the right, exposing a smooth, glistening vulva with prominent inner labia struggling to contain a flood of urine.

"And mind the mattress" Laura added, giggling.

"Wha...?"

Marianne didn't understand -- but before she could finish her question, she received an unexpected answer.

"I can't ..."

Collapsing onto her, Gillian pushed the girl's hand out of the way as she firmly planted her exposed vulva in Marianne's face. Almost instantly, a strong and unrelenting gush of pale, diluted pee burst into her vulvar vestibule.

"... hold it anymore!" Gillian finished her sentence, moaning.

In no time, pee had filled the space between her entangled inner labia and was spilling everywhere. Her violent stream was finally pushing her nether lips apart, now shooting straight into Marianne's still open mouth.

Taken aback, Marianne had felt the weight of Gillian slumping onto her, briefly trapping her hand between the woman's pubes and her cheeks in a painful impact before she could release her grip and let Gillian push her arm away. Immediately, any crease between the soft skin of Gillian's waxed vulva and her face had been filling with hot pee as the woman's floodgates burst open. Instants later, the powerful torrent had freed its passage between Gillian's inner labia, and Marianne suddenly felt the hard jet hitting her palatine. The bubbling liquid quickly filled her mouth to the brim.

Out of reflex, Marianne swallowed. And swallowed again. Gulp after gulp, she tried to absorb the vast quantities of pleasantly warm and lightly scented water incessantly pouring into her mouth. Little rivulets of pee were running down her cheeks and neck, soaking into her hair. Some originated from her mouth as she struggled to ingest the immense volume filling her up, some pushed their way along Gillian's slit to push into the open around her nose.

This had been going on for about ten seconds. Marianne was getting desperate to breath. Fortunately, she sensed the force weighting on her diminish, as Gillian was regaining composure and straightening up, all the while continuing her forceful piss. Finally, some air reached her nose as Gillian had lifted herself about a centimeter from her face.

"Wow, what a gush!" Laura exclaimed as she could now see the hissing jet leaving her friend's womb.

Urine was boiling in Marianne's mouth, overflowing in all directions as she desperately inhaled fresh air. Laura directed her camera to capture a close up of the piss volcano sending its hot streams all over the girl's face before soaking into her hair and the mattress, adding to the destruction her own and Marianne's pee had already caused.

"Don't forgot to swallow!" Laura quipped, chuckling.

She was as surprised as her friend when she saw their guide was actually resuming gulping down copious amounts of urine still surging from Gillian's source.

Having recovered enough control of her body, Gillian reduced the force of her release. She had been sorry for Marianne when her accident started -- she had never intended to lose control the way she had, and it had struck her as outrageous how she was peeing into their guides open mouth without any consent. But now she was less sure about this -- wasn't the girl swallowing her pee without any sign of repugnance? Didn't this confirm her earlier suspicion of Marianne being into this sort of kinky play?

Taking out most of the force contracting her bladder, Gillian minimized her flow to a constant but much less forceful stream, giving her young companion all the time she needed to swallow without spilling anymore of the precious golden nectar.

Gillian felt her bladder quickly emptying after about another ten seconds. She clenched her sphincter muscles to cut off her toilet into the girl's mouth, giving her another break to breathe freely.

Laura had observed her friend's pee, filming the geyser of urine bubbling and sputtering in their guide's mouth before being swallowed in large gulps. As Gillian lifted her body some five centimeters to provide the girl with room to breathe, she took the opportunity to take in Marianne's expression of utter surprise and shock.

She knew Gillian had not fully emptied her bladder yet. When after a break of about ten seconds the girl hadn't opened her mouth again, Laura began to wonder if this had been it. Disappointment about this premature interruption of the climax began creeping into her mind. In a last shimmer of hope, she thought 'This girl is really obedient -- maybe it would work...' Without conviction, but with a vicious craving for more, she ordered:

"Open your mouth -- I believe Gillian has some more for you."

Not believing her eyes, she saw Marianne opening her mouth again, ready to receive another load of fresh piss directly from the source. Hot arousal inundated her body, as she filmed the scene before her.

Gillian found her suspicion confirmed and gladly responded to what she believed to be the girl's secret desire by lowering herself until her vulva made contact with Marianne's lips again. Rubbing her clit against their guide's nose, she released spurt after spurt from her bladder.

She was immensely turned on: This had never been on the agenda; Laura and she had never tried any face pissing, let alone piss drinking at all. But she found it aroused her immensely to give her golden juice to a girl apparently longing to drink it all down. By spurting a gush, rubbing herself, and squirting a small jet again she managed to draw out the last of her toilet for about a minute, making sure to let Marianne recover her breath every now and then. After all, this was supposed to be fun for everyone!

Unfortunately, one minute hadn't been enough for her to cum after the painful desperation and sudden release she had gone through. Again, it was Laura coming to her rescue:

"I guess you should lick her pussy dry to thank her!"

Marianne wondered what Laura believed she should thank Gillian for -- after all, Gillian had had an accident on her, and it was her who had drunken most of the pee to avoid further damage to the vagabond's stuff. Or was it to thank Gillian for not telling her parents what had happened today? She needed to make absolutely sure that nothing of this ever transpired to her parents, let alone anyone else in her vicinity. And obediently, she stuck out her tongue, tentatively licking along the older woman's soft outer labia. Sucking gently, she set out to carefully clean Gillian's nether parts from pee -- after all, what else should the licking be about?

Gillian enjoyed the soft touch, the slow but deliberate manner of Marianne feeling her way around her vulva arousing her more and more. It was obvious she had never done this before, Gillian thought. Gently guiding Marianne's endeavor, she had her lick her outer labia first before making her suck her inner labia, then insert her tongue between them, licking and stimulating her pee hole.

"Yes, suck it, this is good!" Gillian exclaimed.

Obediently, Marianne closed her lips around Gillian's vulva, sucking and licking the vaginal secretions from inside her vulvar vestibule and the opening of her vagina.

Five minutes into her ministrations, Gillian finally exploded in a giant orgasm.

Panting, Gillian took some time to recover, her cum dripping into Marianne's mouth. Laura was so turned on, she herself let go of the rest of pee in her bladder, shooting it directly into the girl's vulva.

"Wow, this was soo good! Thank you so much!"

Gillian exhaled, still catching her breath a few minutes later, as she slowly lifted herself from her kneeling position. She was totally spent and needed to get comfortable, to relax.

"You're not going to tell my parents, tell anyone about what happened today?"

Marianne looked at her, eyes wide open and still under shock from the events that had unfolded with such rapidity. All she could think about was her humiliation and what her family would say if they ever found out. All she cared about, was to keep the secret. Anything, but avoid the shame and disgrace of these experiences becoming known!

Gillian looked back, full of compassion and understanding:

"Of course, my dear, this will remain our secret." she soothed, smiling at Marianne.

"You were great!" Laura added. "I loved to watch how you drank all of that pee. You really did a miracle, and almost nothing was spilled on the mattress. You should be proud!"

They had spent more than an hour in the bunker, and all were exhausted. Finally, they decided to take the picnic blanket outside and sunbath a bit before dressing into their drying clothes.

