I should first tell you a little about myself. I have always been into watching and listening in on my teachers' toilet habits but I remember this one incident in particular. When I was around 18 we went in for a mock history exam. It was to last for two hours and was loosely based on World War I. So here we go into the class with the teacher, a woman in her early thirties with brown long curly hair, who always wore short skirts, tight blouses and sheer black tights. She was a big time object of desire for all the boys in school. I remember particularly sitting at the front of the class trying to get a peek up her skirt as she crossed her legs, but only once managed a quick glance. She was always trying to hide her modesty, a hand holding her skirt while she crossed her legs, that kind of stuff so the thrill of seeing her white panties along with the seam of her tights was a very satisfying sight. So back to the exam as we were nearing the end I couldn't help but notice she was looking kind of distressed about something. She was becoming flushed and fidgeting in her seat, crossing her legs and then uncrossing them. It was obvious that she was absolutely bursting to pee. For the last five minutes of the exam she sat with her handbag on her lap to hide the fact that her right hand was buried deep into her crotch holding herself for the last few minutes that she was able to. By this time I was seriously excited about the whole episode and decided I would follow her to see the end result. I knew where the ladies staff toilets were situated and I also knew that was where she would be heading as soon as she possibly could. As the time ran out we were all asked to leave the classroom, as she would then gather in the papers. We all left– I made sure I was last and I stood just around the corner just hidden from view but so I could see into the class. She stood up still desperately holding herself between her legs and gathered in all the papers in a very hurried manner. After she was done she put the papers in her drawer and walked towards the door. By this time I was halfway to the ladies' and kept walking past only to hear the hurried clicking of her heels at the other end of the corridor. I turned around so as to face her and there she was, handbag covering the hand holding her piss in with her bright red face as she power walked towards me. The staff toilets had three cubicles, and a door on the outside. This was the only door that stopped you from looking right into the toilets and anytime there was a teacher inside the door was firmly shut. As I walked towards her I met her just at the door. She literally burst it open with the hand holding her handbag briefly exposing her other hand, which was still clamped to her aching pussy desperate for release. I tried not to watch as she ran into the first available cubicle her heels clicking even more on the tiled floor. She slammed the cubicle door shut, locked it. There was a couple more clicks as she turned herself round so her back was facing the bowl. I could hear the distinct rustle of fabric as she desperately lifted her skirt and pulled down her knickers and tights and then the dull thud as she planted herself on the toilet. All this time, I was standing outside listening to the whole event unfolding only ten feet from me. As soon as she hit the toilet there seemed to be an explosion as a torrent of liquid hit the water ending her agonizing wait. This continued for about fifteen seconds and then it started to die off to a trickle. Another ten seconds of trickling before a last few drips and then the unmistakable noise of a handful of toilet paper being ripped off, the noise of her wiping herself dry, then again, another wipe. I thought that it must have flown out in all directions. She stood up, pulled up her knickers and tights, pulled her skirt down flushed and unbolted the door. As she emerged we made eye contact, I was unable to move, totally mesmerized by the whole incident. She looked at me and gave me a disapproving glower as she went to wash her hands and I made my way to the next class with my heart still racing. I never looked at her quite the same after that.
Jaikba