Title: Flagman's Lament

By: Frodo

Damn! I have to pee.

That shithead supervisor probably forgot that I'm here. But if I walk away, all this traffic will get so fucked up it will take a week to get it moving again. I told Gerry on the radio that I was supposed to be relieved at 11:00, but she hasn't seen the supervisor, either.

Hold up the STOP sign. Radio Gerry to be ready to let her end through, telling her that the last car is a white Explorer. Watch the cars crawl by. Gerry radios that the last car through is a red Saab. When the Saab putts by, turn the sign to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Watch the cars crawl by. Over and over we follow the routine. Boring as hell, but otherwise the construction site would be utter chaos.

God, do I have to pee! All that coffee.

Gerry is Geraldine, a luscious Puerto Rican girl, a college student, I think. I wonder if she has to pee as well. She's been on duty as long as I have. I can't tell her that I can't hold it much longer. I'm one of the macho studs working this site, one of the reasons she took this job. I sure can't tell her that I have to do wee-wee like a little kid. I have an image to protect.

Jeez, I have to take a piss! Every time I move I think I may piss my pants. That would look just great, thousands of people going by a 6-foot, four-inch, 230 pound construction worker with a great bulge in his jeans, and soaked with piss! No way, Jose. I'll hold it.

Hold up the STOP sign. Radio Gerry to be ready to let her end through, telling her that the last car is a tan Contour. Watch the cars crawl by. Gerry radios that the last car through is a black Toyota van. When the van chugs by, turn the sign to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Watch the cars crawl by.

Slip my hand in the pocket and maneuver my cock to the side and squeeze it. I have to piss so bad! Think about Gerry in the same predicament and my member swells in my hand. Hey, that helps!

Ask Gerry on the radio if she's seen the supervisor. She hasn't, and she sounds a little worried. I'll bet she has to take a leak just like me. It seems like I've been holding it forever.

How would people react if Geraldine wet her pants? They'd feel sorry for her, and the supervisor would apologize and give her the rest of the day off with pay. If I piss myself, they'll point at me and laugh, and tell me I'm a wimp.

Shit! I just squirted in my briefs. Stopped it with a squeeze. It doesn't show, but if I do it again it will. That sonofabitch supervisor is going to hear from me. I'll file a grievance with the union. He spends most of his time in the office trailer with a flush toilet or feeling up the female help that the Feds say we have to hire.

Hold up the STOP sign. Radio Gerry to be ready to let her end through, telling her that the last car is a blue Mercedes. Watch the cars crawl by. Gerry radios that the last car through is a rusty green Blazer. When the Blazer rattles by, turn the sign to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Watch the cars crawl by.

The hand in my pocket is wet. I must be dribbling. Christ! Do I have to piss!

A gray, dented Honda stops to ask directions, and when I stoop to speak to the driver I feel another, longer spurt. The driver, an older woman, stares briefly at my crotch and drives away. When I look down I can see a dark blotch just to the right of my fly. Fuck! I look like some weakling 5-year old that pissed his pants.

I can't hold it any longer. My bladder keeps contracting and I'm holding my cock so hard it hurts like hell. That asshole supervisor is going to pay for this.

I'm in such agony that I almost miss the next call from Gerry. I think maybe if I let the traffic go at the wrong time there'll be a headon collision and that'll stop everything so I can go take a piss.

There's no sense in this. I can't wait another second. I give up! I pull my hand out of my pocket and immediately feel a warm gush around my balls and down my leg. I look down and watch the worn, faded denim darken and glisten, and I don't give a shit. I smile and wave at the gaping faces in the slowly-moving cars. Some of them honk and wave back. I move my foot so that the pee runs onto the dirt and not into my work boot.

The relief is ecstacy. It's almost like the sense of release after cumming. Suddenly I can feel the warm sun on my back, and smell the rank exhaust fumes and hear the engines of the vehicles as they pass. The veil of pain has lifted and I am again a part of this world.

For the next twenty minutes I'm the center of attention. I'm a big guy, so it's hard not to notice someone my size with pissed pants. People honk and shout and wave. I grin and wave back and show no shame. To hell with what they think!

The supervisor's van pulls up and my relief man steps out. He takes one look at my soaked jeans and starts to laugh. I hand him the sign, tell him to go screw himself and open the van door. Gerry is already in the back seat, and I slide in beside her. She doesn't look at me, and I'm too busy calling the supervisor a fuckin' asshole to look at her.

I finish reaming him out, so I take a deep breath and turn to Gerry. There are tears in her eyes, and I look down at her black jeans. They're absolutely soaked, maybe worse than mine. At least most of my pee ran down one leg, but both legs of hers are wet. When I start to laugh, she looks at me in shock. Then she sees my jeans and a broad smile breaks out on her face. In a moment we're both laughing like fools. We're still laughing when we get out at the office trailer, immune to the comments of our co-workers.

