My wife knows of my watersport fetish (although it's not my only one. I enjoy bondage too) and even though it's not her favorite sexual activity she appeases me now and then, sometimes as a surprise.
We had been talking about sex one morning, getting each other horny and preparing for later that evening. We had a dinner planned at my parent's house about 20 minutes away, and looked forward to coming home and playing with each other after that. (In southern California most driving is measured in minutes not miles, since the driving time is more related to the road you take, not the distance). Anyway, we talked about various things. Me licking her, nibbling her in sensitive spots, tying her up, etc.
She asked me what I would like. Whenever I'm asked that I jump at the opportunity. I told her that she should wear dark pantyhose to dinner, and not relieve herself until we got home. I also said that she would have to relieve herself in the manner that I requested. (I didn't know if she would do this. but no harm in asking). I got really turned on envisioning this evening, and grew even hotter when she got dressed for dinner including a pair of white cotton panties and some dark pantyhose. I stayed hard all the way to dinner, and noticed that my darling didn't go to the bathroom all the time we were there. I knew her bladder was filling and that she was working harder and harder to hold it in during our visit.
When the time came to head home, my baby kept her legs pressed tight together in the car for the entire drive. I now knew she had to pee, and that she was saving it for me. She told me a couple of times that she had to pee really bad, and I intentionally tried to drive in the slow lane to let her fountain fill up.
Once home, I changed into my lounging pants and my wife went to change into what I thought would be her nightgown. Instead, when she returned, she was wearing nothing but her dark pantyhose and white panties. Her beautiful breasts were gazing at me and I couldn't help but to draw her closer and start licking them, watching the nipples rise and harden. As I did so, my wife started her cute little dance. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other and squeezed at her opening to try to contain the shower that she was holding in just for me.
"I REALLY have to pee," she whispered hoarsely to me. Feeling a little mean, I told her that she did not. That she could wait a little longer. As I licked her body some more, moving up to suck on her neck and under her breasts (she loves that), she insisted that she REALLY had to go, and that she was going to wet her panties any minute if she didn't. I reached down to rub her mound and press lightly on her bladder, just to "inspire" her. Her dance immediately intensified to a desperate level. I said, "OK," and led her to the bathroom. Once there, I instructed her to lean back against the sink counter. "What about my stockings?" she asked. I told her that if she had to go that bad it wouldn't really matter if she got her panties and hose wet, and I would try to keep the floor as dry as I could.
She leaned back on the counter, facing me, and kept clamping and unclamping her thighs. I could tell from experience that she would lose control any second, so I knelt down and placed my face in her pussy, with my tongue sticking rigidly out into her crotch. In a couple of seconds I heard the faintest "oooh" made with a plaintive, almost pleading sound, and then I was treated to a hissing, flowing gush that poured through her panties and stockings and into my mouth. I licked her all the harder as she rained on me, and what I couldn't catch in my mouth ran down my chin, over my chest, and in rivers down the inside of her dark hose, turning them two shades darker! As I gulped and licked, I listened to my baby moaning in orgasm. As she came harder and harder, her pee became short, hard bursts of hot pee that shot into my mouth and around my face. I was in heaven!
A large pool of warm, yellow pee formed around my knees as I knelt before her, drinking and warming myself in her flow. My dick grew as hard as a rock from the turn–on, and when she pushed the last few drops and squirts into her panties and stockings I was burning with heat. Standing up, I reached back and ripped her wet pantyhose open along the seam of her crotch. The spinning her around and pulling her dripping panties aside I rammed my member into her from behind and slammed into her repetitively, feeling a few more of her warm drops spray out over my balls and thighs, finally shooting a load of seed into her and (I think) putting back as much as she had let flow out!
A clean–up session followed where we stepped into the shower and soaped each other down (still dressed), then slowly peeled our clothes off and dropped them into the washer. It was a great night, one that I look forward to (and hope!!!!!!) will be repeated again (in a different scenario) soon!
~Gold~