Julie called up her boyfriend of 8 months to give him one last goodbye before she went out with her friends from work. The office had planned this outing for several weeks and it was going to be a blast, just the girls getting plastered and having fun.
"Hello babe. Just wanted to make sure you don't mind me going out with the girls, the rest of the weekend is ours I promise." After being reassured it was fine she headed out the door to meet her ride and it was off to the watering hole.
They partied long into the night and all were having a wonderful time together, exchanging sex talk and the like, each telling their wildest moments and laughing the night away. Julie looked at her watch and thought of Jack at his place and wondering what he was doing, she now realized she had been out much longer than she thought and was very dizzy, and she didn't dare to go home in this condition, her parents with whom she lived would never approve even though she was 22 years old.
She finally persuaded Kim to take her to Jack's place and she would spend the night there and go home in the morning after she sobered up, after all she was in no condition to drive. As she approached Jack's apartment she was really dizzy and the toll of too many drinks was now catching up with her. She staggered out of the car and with Kim's help swaggered into Jack's apartment. 
"Honey I'm here sorry I am later than we planned but we were having so much fun, you aren't mad are you?" Jack looked at his watch and couldn't believe it was 3:30 in the morning, to say the least he was not very happy and he had to work in just a few hours. 
Julie playfully put her arms around him and the smell of booze was strong and he gently pushed her away, she swaggered into the living room pulling one article of clothes off at a time. "I'm going to take a shower baby and then we can go get some breakfast if you want," she teased.
Jack listened to her rambling and thought what a wasted night he had just put in and was a little upset but he would try to be patient with her. He told Kim goodnight and walked her to her car and upon re–entering his apartment found it strangely quiet all of a sudden. He called out but no answer and then entering the living room saw his girl friend sprawled naked on the couch passed out from drinking too much and now what was he going to do with her. It was if something unnatural had taken over him filling him with a lust he had not known with Julie before.
As he thought on how to teach her a lesson about coming home in this condition his thoughts ran to her naked body and what he could do to her to teach her a lesson. He walked to a closet and got some rope cut it and with skilled precision he pulled each leg of his girl wide apart and tied them there exposing the freshness of her young bush. He then gently but firmly placed her hand behind her head as not to wake her, and tied them to the legs of the couch she was on. There she was – his girl tied up spread eagle and naked on the couch. He then gently leaned over and began licking his way up her ass cheeks and into the already glistening mound of pubic hair as she gently moaned with pleasure. He continued for what must have been an hour and his girl though dripping wet and obviously had came at least once was still too out of it to return the lust to him.
Angrily he walked away and was heading for bed when he heard her mumble: "Oooh I have to pee," and then giggling and drifting back to sleep. He had just dozed off when he heard her yelling from the other room: "Hey please let me up I have to pee really bad, what the hell is this?" He walked over to her and she stared up at him half awake, half dazed and pleaded: "Please baby I have to pee really bad, how did I get here?"
With a response he didn't expect he said: "How bad do you need to go?" Desperately honey I can't hold it, you have to let me up."
His response was stern and even he was surprised. "Not just yet, first you are going to do exactly as I tell you to do and if you do that then you can pee, if not you will have to pee here, and in the morning you will clean my couch."
Was this a nightmare or a harsh reality? "Anything just please let me go, it hurts baby I can't hold it pleaaaase!"
"First I want you to suck my cock and do it until you make me cum, if you don't I will never let you up."
"God no I can't do that," she said in disbelief. "Just let me pee please and I promise I will go home and will never do this to you again. 
"Too late," he growled as he stripped his underwear off revealing his hard manhood to her. "Now suck it and don't stop till I cum." With a bladder filling with each passing minute she realized she had no choice and took his cock into her mouth and sucked it for all it was worth. It seemed to take forever but at last she felt the hot load of seamen hit her mouth. She gagged and let it drool out.
"Oh God Jack, why did you make me do that, now let me up so I can piss. Hurrry!"
She watched in horror as her boyfriend retreated back into the bedroom and turned off the lights. Suddenly she felt the hot wet piss leaving her body, losing control by the second. "Julie, Julie, wake up we are at Jack's. Girl, you had a terrible dream – something about needing to pee," Kim laughed.
Larry