Karen rose early from her sleep, feeling the need to urinate. She loved this feeling, being on the edge of desperation, and considered going back to sleep. 'No,' she decided, she better get up, because she wasn't sure she could hold it until morning, and her boyfriend was over. Even though he knew of her fetish, they had never really practiced it together before, because she was shy. Karen tried to sit up and realized her ankles were chained to the bed. She rolled over and nuzzled her boyfriend, but Josh was already awake. She could feel him watching her in the dark. "Honey, where's the key?" but he just chuckled and asked why. Karen told him, but he refused. "I'm going to make your deepest fantasy come true, whether you like it or not," pushed her back against the mattress, and climbed on top her to go back to sleep. "Baby, come on," she insisted, "It's an emergency." "Nope," said Josh with a shake of his head and tried to go back to sleep. "Fine," sighed Karen, even though by now she could feel herself becoming quickly aroused. Maybe she would get what she had always wanted him to do. She tried to sleep herself, but after twenty minutes she realized it would be impossible, as her desperation was growing worse. Feeling Josh's hot, naked body pressed up against her–and her bladder! – was not helping either. She could tell he wasn't asleep, as well. She writhed against him trying to get comfortable, or at least find a way to put some pressure against her urethra. He was laying too close for her hand to get there, so she shoved her crotch hard against his thigh. 'There, that helps some,' she thought. Twenty more minutes and her squirming grew worse. She needed relief, and she needed it NOW! She bit at his neck gently and begged some more. "Baby, I feel ready to explode! I'm at my limit, and I can't take anymore." She really did feel ready to explode. She should have taken his advice and not had that tea before bed.... Now she was paying for it, all right! And on top of that she was dripping wet with horniness. Her clit throbbed for attention. Josh could tell, and began slowly licking up her neck to her earlobe. It was making it worse though! She was drawing closer to an orgasm, and at the same time it made her bladder feel ten times more full. She didn't know what was worse: being on the verge of wetting herself, or being filled with the tension of her arousal. She considered letting a few drops go, but knew if she did she'd lose full control. Just when she thought things couldn't get any worse (or better?) he slipped a finger up her ass. Instead of making her have to shit, it made her need to piss even worse. She didn't know how much longer she could hang on. "Josh, please... stop..." She could barely talk she had to go so bad. "I can't... I'm ready to..." The only reply she got was a "mmmm..." Josh made slow strokes with his finger, and deep kisses to her neck. She made one last attempt. "Fuck! I'm ready to piss myself! I'll do anything, but please let me go!" He put his thumb on her urethra and stroked slowly. This brought her to the breaking point. She felt a spurt and knew when he moved his finger she'd wet herself. When he let go, her put his mouth over her and kissed her deeply, as she moaned into his mouth. Her wetness flowed her his hand and he quickly brought her to orgasm. "What a dirty little slut you are, not even able to control yourself." And she leaned back, soaked in her own piss, riding the last waves of her orgasm, and smiled. 'Yes,' Karen thought. 'I am.'
By: Blue Skull