April Showers
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

“Open the door please, I need a wee!!” pleaded April. She was banging on the door of the pub she left earlier asking to be let back in. But the barman said, “Sorry, we’re closed now. Come back tomorrow.” That was not good enough for April, who was so desperate to pee, she was holding herself tightly through the light green dress she was wearing and repeatedly bending double. She felt she was on the verge of wetting herself, and there were crowds of other people in the street because most of the pubs in the area were closing for the night.

“Please, please open the door!!” she screamed, as a small tear fell from her left eye.

“Look, if you don’t leave immediately, I will call the police!” the barman warned.

April looked frantically for somewhere to wee, but suddenly, she involuntarily let go some pee in her knickers, and before she could summon all the strength to hold on some more, she started to wee full time. She bent over and jammed both her hands inbetween her legs as she felt her dress get soaked. She looked at the wet surface on the floor beneath her.

After she let out all her fluid, she started to sob a little, and tried to wipe the hands on the remaining dry parts of her dress. As she had nothing to hide her large wet stain with, she had to walk all the way through the crowds of people to the nearest bus stop. Not surprisingly, she got a lot of stares, and she overheard one person call her: “She’s a little baby, she couldn’t hold her piss in.”

When April did manage to get home, she took off her dress and looked at the wet stain. At first she felt embarrassed about the incident, but then she started to wonder about what would happen if she decided to hold her wee deliberately. Just thinking about it had got her turned on, and when she fell onto her bed, she started to stroke her pussy. She began to masturbate slowly, thinking of the incident that happened only a few hours ago. She then got out one of her dildos from her wardrobe and gently eased it into her pussy. She had got completely carried away, using it on herself until she had a delicious orgasm.

When April woke up in the morning, she had a devilish plan. After her morning wee, she went to the kitchen to eat two slices of toast and drank a large mug of tea. She then had her shower and went back to the bedroom to change into a white t-shirt and long khaki skirt. As she left for work, she felt she had a slight need to pee, but she ignored it.

Before she reached the train station, she ordered a large coffee from the cafe and drank from it. When she got to work, she had a glass of water from the drinks machine. While she was doing her duties, she drank more water in hourly intervals. While she was at her desk, she started to squirm, and she had crossed her legs tightly. This attracted some attention from her colleagues. One looked at her quite puzzled.

“Are you alright April?” she asked.

“Oh, I’m okay, I’ve just got an itchy bum, that’s all,” April replied. She repeated the process for much of the day, avoiding the urge to use the toilet.

After she finished work, she walked past the door to the toilets to leave the office, trying with all her might to walk as normally as possible. When she got to the train station, the pressure on her bladder almost became too much, and she fumbled repeatedly through her handbag to find her ticket in order to get through the barrier gates. When she pushed her ticket through the machine, the doors opened. April took slightly longer to pass through, and as a result, the gates slammed shut suddenly, hitting her stomach and causing some pee to escape, dampening her knickers. She gasped and immediately bent over in a bid to stop any more escaping.

Eventually, she got to catch her train, and it was packed with other passengers trying to get home. The pressure on her bladder was by now becoming unbearable. She crossed her legs tightly to compensate for not being able to hold herself. The journey on the way home seemed like an eternity…. April desperately needed to pee, but she couldn’t do it in front of the other passengers.

When the train did reach her home station, she felt tempted to use the toilet there, but after she left the train to walk on the platform, she went past them, despite having an extremely full bladder. After leaving the station, she involuntarily let go of some pee, which made her grab herself through her khaki skirt. When the mini-flow subsided, she looked down at the small wet patch on the crotch of her skirt. She knew she wasn’t going to make it home without wetting herself, so she found a discreet alleyway not far from the station. Looking to see if anybody was about, she started to hold herself through her skirt with both hands, and began to relax her bladder muscles. She soon felt both her hands and skirt get soaked. All that fluid she consumed throughout the day just flowed out of her. While doing her dirty deed, she breathed and sighed heavily with relief.

After she composed herself, April looked down at the drenched skirt and wee covering the litter-strewn pavement and was very pleased with herself. Now she wondered how she will be able to walk home without other people noticing her wet skirt.

