Wet Fun With Danielle
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

Danielle was one of the best hotties I've ever dated. Plus, her personality totally matched her looks. What a fox, medium height, slender build, long blonde hair, blue eyes, early twenties. You couldn't ask for anything better. She was so much fun to be with, However, I'll never forget that day I fell even more in love with her.

This was a few years ago and about a week before Christmas. It was bitterly cold and snowy. I got off early from work and figured I'd come over and surprise her. Actually, there was an even bigger surprise in store for me. Here's how the story goes.

It was a Saturday and very cold and dreary. Danielle spent her day off from her job to go to the mall and do a little Christmas shopping. While there, she went to the Food Court to have a salad and a huge bottle of water. After a few hours of shopping, she needed to sit for a while and relax. After she finally finished her water, she took her bags and headed to the parking lot and got to her car. This was when her trouble began.

It was extremely cold in the parking lot and the heat in her car was not working. To add insult to injury, Danielle's bladder started up. She considered heading back in the mall to use the ladies room, but the crowds in the mall and the obvious line outside the ladies room, as well as her reluctance to using public restrooms,A0A0caused her to think again. 'Oh well' she thought. 'I'm sure i can make it home, it won't be too long'. However, fate had something else in store for her.

Once Danielle got outside, it started to snow. 'Oh great' she thought to herself. Please don't let there be any traffic issues'.

Well, the few blocks she drove to get to the highway may have been okay, but after a few minutes on the highway there was a major accident. A cement truck crashed and two of the passengers were killed. They had to halt all traffic for at least half an hour. 'Oh noooo, please tell me this isn't happening, I have to pee", she said to herself. The highway got totally backed up, it was almost like a parking lot. Well then, someone mentioned that an earby gas station was letting people use their bathroom freely. 'Oh, thank God!' she said.

She turned the motor off in her car and headed over there. Unfortunately, the gas station only had one bathroom and obviously, there was a line. Danielle waited about five minutes, trying desperately to hold it and avoid disgracing herself. But then, the owner came out and said, 'Sorry, we have to shut it down. Someone overflowed the toilet".

Danielle got so frustrated she just stormed out. She went to return to the cold air and her freezing car with her obviously aching bladder. She spent another five minutes squirming and trying everything she could to contain herself.

'Oh my God, if I don't get to a bathroom soon, I'll wet myself,' she thought. 'I haven't done that since I was in diapers'.

After about 10-15 minutes, the traffic starting moving again, albeit slowly. By this time, Danielle let a few drops out and eventually a squirt. 'Oh no, this can't be happening,' she thought. She was about maybe 20 minutes away from her house, but was so desperate it would be a miracle for her to make it. Halfway home, she statred considering pulling off and finding a place with a public restroom, she was leery of the idea of that, but this was a dire emergency.

She did find a Walgreen's a few yards off the highway, so she drove down there and parked her car and headed in. Only problem was, she didn't know exactly where it was and she also needed to get a key from an employee, not to mention her bladder wasA0only seconds away from bursting. At this point, she was hopeless. She decided to just go into an empty aisle and let it all out.

'Ooh' she thought. 'This feels so much better, at least I'm not in pain anymore and my freezing legs are getting warm'. After she was done and left a puddle big enough to swim in, Danielle just walked out without looking at anybody or anything, and to avoid the ridicule of other customers and employees, and escape the wrath of the manager, who might've made her clean it up.

Once Danielle got back in her car and finally realized she had totally soaked herself, it started to dawn on her. 'Oh my God, what have I just done'. Also, she did NOT want me to see her like that. Then she thought 'Well, I better just get home, take my pants off and shower before anyone sees me'.

She was finally home about 10 minutes later and I had pulled up a few minutes earlier to see her. I waved to her as she pulled in but to my surprise, she did not look happy. 'What's that' I thought. I came over to see her and she said very sheepishly "Hi. I thought you wouldn't be here till later.'

I told her I wanted to surprise her but she didn't seem like she wanted to get out of her car. After I convinced her I wanted to go inside and be warm and out of the snow, she very sheepishly got out and walked directly in front of me into her house. When I finally but accidentally noticed the big wet patch on her white jeans, I was a little taken aback. Not knowing what else to say, I asked, 'What happened to you? Did you fell into some wet snow?'

She answered, rather reluctantly 'No, I had an accident on the way home'. She bit her lip.

I felt my dick harden and couldn't contain myself. 'Wow, this is the best treat i ever got'. She seemed shocked to discover that her wet patch turned me on, but at least she was happy that I didn't make fun of her, or worse still, was disgusted.

I got on her couch and asked her to sit on my lap and we just messed around for a few hours. It was quite a day for both of us.

