I had known Sam for about 5 years when I had my first encounter. But I almost never slept over at other people's houses, and had never stayed at her house too late. She had also never slept at my house either. So when my parents said they would be out of town that weekend, but weren't planning on taking me with them, I was excited– it sounded like the perfect opportunity to have the sleepover with Sam that I had been waiting to have. Sam's parents were going to visit her older sister, who had just had a new baby, so they would be gone as well, which left us either house available for our sleepover. Sam decided that she wanted me to stay with her at her house instead of coming to mine– and for some reason she seemed a bit nervous.
Friday night, when I got there, I was very excited. I was thinking about all of the boys we would call, and how we would stay up all night. But Sam didn't seem as excited.
"Hey Sam! You ready for a fun–filled weekend?"– I asked excitedly.
"Umm, sure. My parents are gone until at least late afternoon tomorrow– we can have lots of fun all day," she said without much enthusiasm.
"What's wrong? Aren't you excited? It will be lots of fun to finally do a sleepover, we always have such a good time," I said.
"Nothing. Well...you'll see soon enough," she said with a worried look on her face.
Later that night, when we were getting ready for bed, I noticed as she put on a diaper. "Oh...is that what you were worried about?" I asked her nicely...only slightly turned on.
"Yeah...you don't think it's weird or anything?" she asked cautiously.
"No way, totally normal."
"But I'm pretty embarrassed wearing this in front of you. I don't tell people about the fact that I pee the bed, even with a diaper on. It leaks out sometimes," she blurted out.
"Well then...how about I wear one too? I wouldn't mind if it made you feel more comfortable," I said, hoping she would agree.
"Oh really? Oh that would be great," she said, and I silently thanked everything in the world. As I put the diaper on, millions of thoughts rushed through my head. And I couldn't wait for later on that night, for I knew Sam would wet the bed, and that was exactly what I wanted. We were watching television in her bed, when I felt Sam go sort of stiff, and then relax. I looked at her face, and she had her eyes closed, and the most blissful expression on her face I had ever seen. I felt the warmth of her pee surround me, and I too smiled. When she was done, she looked a little horrified.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry...I'll change the sheets...I didn't think this would happen this early..." she went on and on.
"No, you don't have to change them, it's alright, I don't mind. But I have to ask you something...did you enjoy that?" I asked, begging her with my mind that she did.
"Well...ummm...yes actually. It does feel wonderful, and I enjoy the warmth." she admitted, looking quite embarrassed.
"Say no more! No need to be embarrassed; I feel the same way. Knowing that it turns you on too is the most wonderful thing in the world," I said with the most absolute joy.
"Oh this is wonderful! I didn't think anyone would understand! So you like to wet yourself too?"
"Totally. Do you ever, you know, masturbate when you do it?" I asked.
"No. I don't even know how. I've always felt that little tingle down there, but I wasn't sure what to do about it," she admitted.
"Would you like me to show you how? I'll do it for you, so you get an idea of how to do it. You tell me what makes it good, if you want me to go faster or what, ok?" I offered, my diaper already becoming a little wet, and not from pee.
"Oh really? Sure, if you promise it will feel good!"
"I swear it," I said, holding my hand across my heart. I told her to lie down, and when she started to undo her diaper, I told her to leave it on; it would add to the pleasure. I got behind her and put her head in my lap. I took her nightgown off of her (she wasn't wearing pajama pants), and slid my hand down her soft belly and slowly into her wet diaper. When I found her clit, she flinched a little, but then told me to continue. I placed my fingers on her clit, and slowly began moving up and down. She moaned, and I moved a little faster. The more she moaned, the faster I got, building pressure and speed.
"Do it harder and faster, it's not fast enough," she grunted.
So I did, and soon she shook violently, and I felt a strong rush of moisture, and I knew that she had peed her diaper again. When she stopped shaking, she got up and looked at me.
"Oh my God. That was wonderful. I've never felt anything as good as that...ever! Thanks for teaching me," she breathed.
"No problem. It's even better if you stick a finger inside while you do it, or if your bladder is full and you're desperate. But part of being a good teacher is to test your students. So now you have to do it to me, so i can see how well you learned," I said slyly, knowing my bladder was as full as anything.
She agreed, and so I assumed the same position she had, and she slid her hand down into my diaper and found my clit. She began to rub slowly, like I had showed her, and then she built speed and pressure. I was having the time of my life, and I felt my pee slowly making its way down to my pussy hole. As I approached the most intense orgasm ever, my muscles clenched, and then relaxed, and as I shook, the torrent was released, and I soaked Sam's bed even more. She picked me up and hugged me, and then we lay there, holding each other in the warm pee, shaking, for what seemed like an eternity, with our full diapers pressed against each other.
"Amy, I can't thank you enough for teaching me. We should do this more often"– Sam said.
"You got it. Hey, didn't you say your parents would be out all day tomorrow?"
Dribblets