Lunambra 3-8

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Eight - The Other Side

Sabina smiled to herself as she watched Queen Jenara arch her back, hike up her dress, and send a spurt of pee through the air with the force of a crossbow bolt. She was equally amused by the two guards who were watering the grass, and she felt herself dampen as she watched them. She pressed her hand between her legs and thumbed herself through her thin cotton pants, biting her lip to stay quiet. The show ended too soon with them lacing up their greaves and returning to their watch. Sabina wished that she could relieve herself as well, but she needed to stay full. She had to be awake to follow them when they departed, and if she was comfortable, she would be at risk of falling asleep. And so she decided to use the pressure in her belly as a method to keep herself awake.

As she was, her bladder was solid and pressing against her belt. She unbuckled the length of leather, and grinned as she saw her belly expand with its newfound freedom. She wasn't bursting yet, but she knew that was going to change soon as her mouth was dry and thirsty. She silently made her way to the river, drinking as much as she could without vomiting. She returned to her spot and sat down, curling her knees in front of her and wrapping her arms around them. She shivered, not from cold, but from the unnatural silence and darkness of the night. All she could see was the Queen and her guards, lit by a fire pit that illuminated a radius of about six meters in every direction, casting looming shadows over the grass. Sabina was on the other side of the river, so close to them all, yet perfectly hidden in the pure darkness.

She let her mind wander for some time, watching the Queen's constant but slight squirming. She must be really desperate, Sabina thought. She was nearly wetting herself when she came into my house this morning, and she's been under guard the whole time since then. She has to have had some water since then as well. I wonder how much she's got in there... Sabina poked at her hard belly, feeling twangs of pressure with each jab. It feels so nice. I can't believe I only learned of these sensations so recently. She kept prodding her bladder, harder each time, and clenched her fist as she felt a small trickle leak out of her and soak into her pants.

Ohh, I can't let it all out or I'll fall asleep, but I'm definitely going to leak... She grasped the waistband of the cotton pants, sliding them down her thighs and bunching them by her feet. She sat like this with her privates in the open air, waiting for over an hour. She dribbled a little every few minutes, despite trying as hard as she cold to hold it all in. I know I don't have to hold it all, just enough to keep me awake. I'm just doing it for fun, but it keeps leaking out no matter how hard I try to hold on. How is the Queen staying dry with so much inside of her? Is she that much stronger than me?

Sabina leaned back and squeezed her legs together, placing her right hand between her thighs and pressing her middle finger along her slit, pushing on her pee hole. I'm not going to let any more out. I have to learn to hold it better. I'm already better than most people, but I'm nowhere near the level of Jenara or even Marina. At least I outlasted those guards... Her willful thoughts didn't do much in practice, as just thirty minutes later she was covered in sweat and her whole body was shaking in desperation. She gasped as a spurt forced its way past her finger. She twisted her legs together and curled up on the grass with both hands shoved between them. Despite her desperation, she was very horny. She managed to slide one finger into her hole and she stroked along the warm, slick inside of her body as she bit down on her shirt.

As she went on, more and more pee found its way out of her body. She tried hard to keep it in, but there was just too much water in her. She bit down hard as she nearly reached the peak of her pleasure. She was just about to come when she was interrupted by a male voice. She froze and turned her head across the river, where the two sleeping guards had gotten to their feet. Their voices were clear in the silent night, and she forced herself to remain completely still as they stretched and groaned. Without being able to move, she could no longer hold on. She started peeing hard into the grass, and the sudden relief forced her to orgasm with no warning. She yelped, completely against her will, and her eyes went wide in fear as the two guards turned straight to her. She shut off her flow, the pressure building back up to the bursting point in mere seconds. She grasped around her feet, catching the cotton of her pants and pulling them back up over her still-bulging belly.

"Who's-" one of the guards started, but the other grabbed him round the mouth.

"Don't yell, you'll wake the Queen. We'll go check it out quietly."

Sabina scrambled backwards, taking cover behind a tree. Her body screamed at her, as though it were thinking: "How dare she pee for just five seconds, doesn't she know how full she is?"

She shook the distracting thought out of her head, peeking out at the guards. They had removed their boots and were already halfway across the river; it must have been a very shallow crossing. She watched in terror as they got near her side, when the taller one stopped and held the other back.

"Listen, Kevin. I'm honestly about to piss my armor. If someone's out there, I can't fight like this."

"Oh, what in- Ah, forget it, just do it here. I'm ready to burst too."

Sabina kept staring as they both undid their drawstrings and let the contents of their bladders join the flow of the river. "Please, just forget about me," she whispered to herself.

"Oy Drake, Kevin, what are you two doing?" came a third voice. One of the other guards had walked to the river's edge. "If you need a piss, do it in the grass while you watch the road. Me and Jason need to sleep."

"That's not why we're in here," the Guard Kevin said indignantly. "We heard something from the other side of the river. It almost sounded like a voice. Either a woman or a child."

"Well, do you plan to capture the person behind the voice in the pitch darkness? Come into the firelight and guard the road as you are supposed to. A woman or a child is no threat to us or the Queen. Now, that's an order."

"We're the same rank," Drake complained.

"When we're with Gaston, yes," Jason said. "But when he's away, I have seniority. You know how it works."

"Ah, fine. Just let me finish my piss."

"You know," Jason said softly, "If there is a woman lurking in the darkness over there, she's got full view of you two sods standing there with your cocks out, and she's probably not impressed."

"There's no woman," Kevin moaned. "I'm sure it was just some animal." Still, he cut off his pee while it was still going strong and shoved himself back inside his pants. Drake did the same, and they returned to the firelight.

Sabina watched as the guards switched places, Kevin and Drake taking the side of the road as Jason and the one unnamed one settled down in the grass behind the Queen, who was apparently a startlingly deep sleeper, despite the absurd fullness of her bladder. Sabina could see the shape of it from here, ten meters away.

The thought of it brought her crashing back to reality, and she realized all at once that she was soaking herself completely. Her entire bottom was surrounded by a large puddle, warm against her skin. Her cotton pants clung to her body from the wetness, and she could feel it still flowing strongly out of her. She sighed and leaned back against the tree, giving up entirely as she emptied herself through her pants. It felt so good, and if she wasn't still in the middle of an adrenaline rush from nearly getting caught, she likely would have begun pleasuring herself again. She remembered the first time she had wet herself in fear, when she was kidnapped in place of Queen Jenara.

She was simply traveling along the road, on her way from Lunambra to Jarkan, when ten men appeared from the snowbanks wearing white furs. Three of them grabbed her, and she soaked her pants right then and there. She wasn't even desperate, it was just pure fear. It felt much the same now, complete unawareness that she had lost control until the shock subsided. Except this time, the liquid within her was enough to saturate her pants and snake all the way down to the river. Thirty seconds later it tapered off to a trickle, then finally stopped. She felt herself over the pants, smiling at how tightly the wet cotton hugged her womanhood. She could feel every bit of it through the thin fabric, and despite the recent threat from the guards, she couldn't help but slide her hand into her pants and start all over again.

Pleasure kept her awake for the rest of the night, and she could barely feel her hands, or privates, when the sun finally made itself known. While it was still dark enough to stay hidden, she stumbled to her feet and hobbled through the trees, ready to continue her pursuit.

