I had just broken up with my boyfriend and was a little depressed. To be honest, he had broken up with me. No big deal, he was hot, but that was all. Sex was great but we had no real connection. My girlfriend Courtney took it much harder than I did. She called me about a dozen times a day to make sure I was all right. I was!
About a week after the break–up she called and insisted that we have "girl's night." I did not need one, but it seemed fun anyway.
She took me to the liquor store and insisted that we buy the best. She had more money than I so I let her pick the drinks. She worked for a law firm. Although she was only a secretary she seemed to run the place. Anyway, money was no problem for her. Everything about her was the best. Her blouse showed off her blonde hair and her perfect (but a little small) breasts, and her skirt showed off her great ass.
I was broke, so she was definitely buying. She picked up a bottle of rum and a mixer and went to the counter. When the clerk rang up the order I opened my purse in an empty gesture. I knew I had no money but pretended to offer. Just as I expected, as soon as I opened my purse she said, "I have this." I was glad because my wallet was empty.
We went back to my apartment for the Girls' Night, but I did notice Courtney seemed to sneak a look in my purse when I opened it in the liquor store. I knew she saw my cigarettes. No one had seen me smoke since high school.
At my apartment Courtney said, "I didn't know you smoked." I pretended to be surprised and asked, "What are you talking about?" She said, "The cigarettes in your purse."
I said, "I use those when I really need to relax."
We kept up our Girls' Night and watched movies, played cards, and told stories. After awhile Courtney said "I can't believe YOU (the innocent Susan Beach) smoke cigarettes while you finger yourself."
As we watched amazing men on TV her hands sunk into her pants. We watched a GREAT movie and she said, "I need one of your smokes." I gave her one and watched as she masturbated under a blanket. Just before she came she looked at me. She lipped to me "you next."
My hands were under my blanket and I lipped to her "Make me!"
I guess she took it as a challenge because she put her hands under my blanket. She forced her hands in my panties and rubbed my clit. She seemed angry and said "Cum now cum." In the excitement I did a little. Courtney could tell that I had more in me and said, "Do it again."
Courtney grabbed my purse and pulled out a smoke. She lit it and put it in my mouth. While rubbing my pussy she lit one for herself.
When I still did not cum after she did the second time, she asked why.
I told her that the cigarettes were to relax and that she had not relaxed yet.
I told her that I use cigarettes to relax and pee.
She didn't understand at first and said "PEE????"
Still tipsy, Courtney said, "Relax me." I put a great pair of light green cotton panties on her and a pair of granny whites on me. She was just about drunk so I didn't need to do much convincing.
I told her that everything on her needed to relax, including her pussy. I lit up my cigarette and began to rub her pussy.
I tickled her twat and teased her. I told her "pee in your panties. Pee in your panties for me. Do it NOW."
But I could not make her pee. By the rubbing of her pussy on the chair, I knew she was trying to cum. I grabbed her from behind and rubbed her up and down.
She said: "I need to pee– I need to pee so bad. Make me pee."
And then it happened: The pee formed on the panties, and the green panties were soaked.
By: Susan Beach