Katy 2: Making Molly Hold It
	(Female Desperation)
Written by PeeDancingLover

Katy was working with Molly again at the snack kiosk in the mall. Molly arrived a few minutes late, sipping a cup of coffee.

She set her cup and purse down, and told Katy, "I'll be right back - I have to pee."

"Oh no you don't!" chided Katy, "You're already late. Get in here and get to work."

"But, I have to pee!"

"You'll just have to hold it."

Molly groaned, but started working anyway. She was wearing the red uniform shirt and tan cotton pants that resembled tights. As Molly worked she drank the rest of her coffee. Two hours passed. It was now 7 PM, and Molly was really feeling her bladder.

"C'mon, Katy. Please let me go - I really gotta go!" moaned Molly.

"Too bad!" grinned Katy, "I hope you piss yourself, maybe then you'll learn to get to work on time."

Just then a customer approached the kiosk. "May I h-help you?" asked Molly, wincing.

"Two large diet sodas, please," replied the customer.

Molly walked over to the pop dispenser. Taking two large cups from the holder, she placed one under the nozzle. There was a click, and diet soda gushed into the cup. The hissing sound caused Molly's bladder to twitch, and she had to squeeze her muscles tightly to hold her pee in. Another click signaled that the cup was full and the pop stopped flowing out of the machine. Molly placed the other cup under the nozzle. Another click, another hiss. She was fumbling around with the lid for the first cup, when her bladder twitched again from the renewed hissing of the pop.

"Oh-th-unnh."

Molly squeezed her muscles hard, but the painful urge was insistant, and so she quickly lifted her right leg up to press her thighs together, in order to fight off the spasm. The soda machine clicked off, the hissing stopped, and Molly's bladder spasm eased off too. She carried the cups carefully to the counter, where she handed them to the customer.

After the customer paid and left, Molly turned to Katy. "Pleeease let me goooo."

"No." said Katy.

"I HAVE TO PISS!" complained Molly.

More time passed. It was now 8 PM. The mall was starting to quiet down as closing time drew nearer, Katy and Molly were stocking up the kiosk. By now, Molly was desperate to pee, her bladder burning terribly.

"Th-Oh-Th-Oh god! Oh my god!" she moaned, "Oh! Th-Oh god, pleeease-th-let me go-th-Oh!-Th-I'm going to-th-piss myself!" Molly felt her pee rush toward her pee hole. "Th-Oh, it's-th-almost coming out! Oh!"

She squeezed her muscles violently, trying desperately to hold her pee in. But, her muscles were very tired. Molly felt her pee dribble out of her pee hole, causing her "lips" to tingle as it seeped along her panties. She tried desperately to stop, but her tired muscles couldn't do it.

The dribbling continued, Molly felt the warm pee spread through her panties, tingling her 'lips" even more. She felt the pee ooze toward her bum.

"Th-unnh-th-Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh Shit! Ohhhhhh SHIT! I'M PEEING MYSELF!" Molly groaned as her bladder finally let go.

Her pee spewed out in a huge gusher. She felt her pee soak up into her curly public hair and run up along her bum crack. Huge streaks of pee flowed down her tan pants to her shoes. "Oh my god! I can't believe I peed myself! Oh god!"

Molly was stunned. She hadn't peed herself since she was five years old. She felt it was disgusting, but, at the same time, found it strangely exciting. It felt good to finally go, and her warm pee felt so good and tingly when it flowed over her intimate parts.

"So, how was it?" asked Katy.

"Gross, but fun," replied Molly in a distracted voice.

"Let's get together sometime," said Katy.

"It's a deal," answered Molly with a grin.

