After a studious semester my first year in college, I realized that the classes were easy. Not really all that different from high school. I had been expecting something challenging and unexpected to leap out at any point that first semester, but it never did. I relaxed a lot about my schoolwork then. I still did well, but allowed myself to have a social life as well.
I still wasn't a big house–party person. Those things are just annoying to me. A bunch of my friends were having a dorm party though, with one of those giant jugs of vodka and a couple of gallons of Tampico. I was pumped.
We all started drinking and playing Strip Monopoly, the rules of which still confuse me. I was wearing my college freshman uniform: my curve–hugging grey sweatpants with the school's logo on the ass, a white cami, and a green zip–up hoodie. Luckily I fared well in Strip Monopoly (got the oranges and the reds, haha) and only ended up removing the hoodie.
We were all pretty buzzed by this point, and I was honestly closer to drunk since I'm a total lightweight. Stephanie announced that she had to break the seal and trotted out the door, only to turn back a second later. Our RA was in the hall, standing by the bathroom door. We figured she'd leave soon, and then we could all go to the bathroom one by one. We popped in a DVD and just chilled out for a few minutes. I sat by Steph on the futon, and I could see the muscles in her legs tensing every couple minutes when she squeezed her legs together. Whenever I see even the slightest sign of someone needing to pee, it starts making my insides warm.
I watched her legs and their constant shifting surreptitiously for a while, and then offered to check the hall for her. The RA was still there, apparently waiting for someone. I told everyone the bad news, but only Stephanie looked really distraught. I could feel my bladder just starting to put pressure on my urethra, but knew from experience that I had a good half–hour after that before things became even a little urgent. I sat back down on the couch, sipping and my drink, and watching Stephanie's toes curl and uncurl.
I should mention that Stephanie was still in her bra and underwear from Strip Monopoly. She was allowed to wear a robe in the hall, but had to stay in her panties while in the room. They were a pale pink to match her bra, and they seemed to be a little girl's training bra and panty set. Stephanie had one of those petite bodies that I always longed for– small perky tits and a tight little ass. I'm definitely a bustier type– to the point where they look out of proportion to the rest of me.
Despite the tits of a young girl, Steph definitely had the nipples of a grown woman. They poked through the thin material of the training bra, making a delicious crease in the fabric connecting them. Glorious as this was, her panties were definitely what were drawing my attention. Steph was fiddling with the waistband, eventually letting it settle right below the slight bulge of her bladder on her tiny tummy.
I felt guilty for enjoying her pain so much, and peered out the door again for her. Again, the RA was there. Only one of the group hadn't been drinking, so we sent him out to pump the RA for information. He came back and told us that all the bathrooms in the building were being guarded that night because there had been reports of excessive drinking in our dorm. What a night, right?
At this news, I realized that my situation was not so carefree as I had thought. The drinks were running right through me and my need was growing greater at a much faster rate than I was used to. I have to admit though, that the idea of a public wetting was exciting. I could feel my pussy react with a low throb and a slight tingle. Then I remembered Stephanie and the tingle turned into that burning tension that just begs to be released.
Stephanie was being consoled by one of the guys. Apparently she was more worried about the situation than I was.
Suddenly, Stephanie gasped and doubled over, grasping at her pussy with both hands. You know that little jolt of electricity you get in your cock when you experience something exceptionally erotic? Well, that happened to me– minus the cock part. I gasped from the sensation, my cunt wet, hot, and practically quivering from both the need to piss and cum.
By this time, all the guys in the room had pissed in bottles, and my need to pee had surely matched Steph's with all the drinks I had put down.
My bladder ached and twinged. I groaned and rubbed my crotch with my heel. First, to stem the flow, of course, but mostly because I was so literally consumed with horniness that I couldn't NOT touch myself. Steph cried out suddenly and I watched as a stain appeared beyond the borders of her hands on her panties. Electricity went through me again. Stephanie was crying and saying, "I'm pissing myself," even though she had somehow managed to stop the tide. Her face was screwed up in concentration and pain, and then... I could hear it before I saw it. I heard that high hiss of a bladder truly desperate, followed by the wail of despair from Stephanie's mouth. She took her hands away since she knew they wouldn't do any good now. She stood, pee escaping from the leg holes of her panties in torrents, slowly seeping through the rest. Roadmaps of urine were streaming down her legs and puddling on the tile.
Hands down, the most erotic thing I've ever seen. My bladder had given up when Stephanie lost it, but my hand pressing through my sweat pants had stopped a mess, though any movement would be disastrous. Everyone was staring at Stephanie, so I started rubbing.
My fingers left my pee hole to visit my clit, and I swear the world went black. I could feel the hot piss pouring out of me at an impossible velocity, shooting and swirling around my clit even as I rubbed. I came harder than I ever have– sitting there in a dorm room with 4 other people, pissing myself. My orgasm lasted the whole time I was peeing, which had to be at least 40 seconds. The world came back, and the guys were just staring back and forth between Steph and I, flabbergasted. No one ever said anything to me about masturbating, so I think they thought I was just pressing to stop the pee. Though I can't imagine what they thought of the moans, now that I think about it.
By: Anastasia Beaverhausen