Desperate In The Elevator
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 22nd, 2010 at 8:53PM

So, one day my boyfriend and I (we live in an apartment together) were coming home from our college. On the way home we stopped for lunch, where Ben (my boyfriend) had at least four cups of soda. On the way home from lunch we stopped at the store to pick up a few things. 

When we got to our apartment building, we got in the elevator. While the elevator was on the way up yo our floor we felt it shake violentley and than come to a stop. We hit the emergancy button. A few minutes later we heard someone come on an intercom. 

"Our repair man just left for vacation, he's on his way back to help but he's about four hours away. We'll try to get the elevator working ourselves, but if we can't you'll have to wait until he gets back. If you need to speak weith us just hold down the emergency button and speak into the microphone." The man on the intercom said.

Ben held down the button. "Okay, thanks." He said. 

We sat down in the elevator and just talked for a while. But a half hour later Ben told me he had to pee, but it wasn't that bad and he could probaly make it.

But as time progressed it was very noticiable how badly he had to go. He was restless and pacing around the elevator. "Are you alright?" I asked him. "Yeah, i'll make it." He said. 

But just a hald hour later he sat down in the corner of the elevator and held himself, he was rocking back and forth. "Will you ask how much longer we'll be in here?" He asked me. "Yeah." I said. I stood up and held down the emergency button. "Hi, do you know how much longer we'll be in here?" I asked. "We can't seem to fix it, so no less than three hours. I'm sorry." The man said. Ben moaned in pain. "Well my boyfriend has to go to the bathroom. Any suggestions?" I asked. "All I can say is don't go in the elevator. Hold it, beacause if the wiring under the elevator floor gets wet, you might be in their for longer than you have to." The man said. "Okay." I said into the intercom.

After another half hour he was close to tears. He was so depserate. "Sarah?" He asked me. "Yeah?" I said. "Will you take the bottle of Gatorade we got from the store and drink all of it. Quickly." He said. "Why?" I asked, knowing I would have to pee if I did. It was a pretty big bottle of gatorade. "Cause, I have to go right now or i'm going to wet myself. I'll use the bottle. Please, i'm dying." He said. I though for a minute. He had his hands in his pants and was doing a little dance. I gave in. "Okay."

I took the bottle of Gatoade and chugged it down. It took me about twenty minutes to drink it because it was such a big bottle. When their was just a few more sips left I looked over at Ben to see him moaning. His eyes then widened as a wet spot began to form on his pants. "Quick, give it!" He said and grabbed the bottle. Their was still a little Gatorade left. He took the bottle and faced the corner of the elevator. He struggled to undo his pants, but after a minute he got it out and started to go in the bottle. I saw the blue Gatorate turn green then yellow as he filled the bottle up. The soud of the pee hitting the bottle made me have to go already.

After only thirty seconds I heard him say, "Crap." "What?" I asked him. "It's full!" He said. "So?" I asked. "I'm not done!" He said. "Well stop going." I said. "I'm trying." He said. Just as the liquid reach the top of the bottle he stopped and screwed the cap on. "I still have to go so bad." He said. "Well i'm gonna have to go soon to." I said. 

As I guessed, an hour later I was so desperate. So was he. We both sat their moaning in pain, waiting for the elevator to begin moving. But it didn't.

After a while I wasn't sure if I was going to make it through the next few minutes. I grabbed my crotch and knelt on the floor. "I think i'm going to pee myself." I told Ben. "Me to, any second." He said. I layed down on the elevator for and just held myself, praying for no pee to come out.

But after another half our I felt a drop of pee go donwn my leg. I stuck my hands in my pants to stop the flow. I managed to stop but I didn't have much time. I would have to get to a bathroom. Now.

Just seconds later the elevator began to move. I got excoted and I little pee slipped out again and I saw the wet spot on Ben's pants get larger. . We both stuck our hands in our pants. We both managed to stop but my knees buckled, I couldn't stand anymore the pressure was to much.

When the elevator reached our floor, he bolted down the hallway to our apartment. I managed to stand up, I ran after him but it hurt so bad. As we approached the door I got so excited and pee started streaming down my leg. With much strenght and pain, I stopped the flow again. 

He unlocked the door and I ran to the bathroom. He chased after me. We only had one bathroom. I stopped at the door and motioned him to go first. "No, you." He said, his hand on his crotch. I tried to tell him to go but the pee started streaming out again. I ran in and tried to undo my jeans but it hurt to touch my abdoman, I started to go again. I couldn't stop this time and after a few seconds I manged to get my pants down and sit on the toliet. After two straight minutes of peeing, Ben opened the door. "Baby, I can't take it." He said. I was still gonig. I saw the spot on his pants grow larger and larger. He waddled oer to the sink and whipped it out. He started to go before he reached the sink and pee got all over the floor. 

After another minutes, I finished and stood up. He was still going with full force. 

After another four minutes he came out of the bathroom. We cleaned everything up and went to thank the repair man.

I had never been so desperate, that was a rough day lol.

