Sara finished the bottle of coke and ran back to the dance floor with her friends. Nathalie and Joanne hammed it up with Sara for hours. Joanne excused herself to visit the loo shortly before the band finished the last set. The line for the ladies was huge. Nathalie and Sara wanted to leave and go to another club so they retrieved a protesting Joanne from the line. She put her hands to her crotch to demonstrate her need to pee. "We'll go when we get to the next club" Nathalie reassured her, starting to feel the pressure on her own bladder. The girls left the club and made their way to the car. By this time Joanne was frantic to pee. She was wriggling her bum around like mad trying to hold on. "God I have GOT to gooo" She whimpered, massaging her pussy with one hand, the other clutched to her stomach in agony. When they reached the car Joanne was almost wetting herself. "I'm going to wee beside the car! I have to!" She yelped, a small spurt escaping into her panties. She lost her balance as she was about to lower her panties and squat and started peeing uncontrollably into the tiny white lacey affair. It poured out of her as she tried to reposition herself so her shoes didn't get wetter, as they'd already been weed on a little when she lost control and peed all over her legs. As she was relieving herself a group of guys came around the corner near Sara's car and immediately noticed Joanne wetting, making a huge puddle through her knickers. They hooted and yelled and clapped as they watched the show. Finally her stream slowed, and she stopped peeing, horribly embarrassed. The guys ran off, leaving one guy left still gaping. Joanne assumed an air of confidence, and slipped out of the soaking panties, sauntered over to the guy and handed them to him, telling him to take a souvenir of the event. At the next club Nathalie and Sara were feeling the effects of their drinks as the bouncer checked their IDs and made polite conversation with them, while Nathalie and Sara made fun of the wet patch on Joanne's skirt. They got in and searched for the bathroom, leaving Joanne to chat up a cute guy. There were about 12 women queuing for 2 stalls. "I'm not gonna make it Sara" Nathalie said gasping and grabbing at her pussy, trying to feel better. Sara winced as her own very overfull bladder made it's protests. They gave up and left the line, returning to Joanne who was ready to leave with her guy. After their goodbyes were said Nat and Sara decided to leave in search of a bathroom. Making their way across the crowded club they got separated and someone bumped heavily into Nathalie, smacking her in the lower stomach. She felt a dribble escape, followed by a trickle that turned into a forceful piss. The offending person was apologizing profusely while Nathalie was desperately trying to get control of her bladder. It was no good, she peed all the harder into her jeans, with an indiscreet hissing noise. The guy who'd bumped her looked down in fascination at the wetness spreading through her jeans as she lost all control. "Wow, I'm sorry miss" he said to her. Nathalie only cried softly as she tried to look for Sara. Sara was trying to hold on as she searched for Nat in the crowded club. Finally they found each other. Noticing her accident Sara hugged Nathalie and ushered her out of the club. "We have got to find a McDonalds or something. I'm about to wet myself!" Sara exclaimed, holding her crotch tightly. They ran across the street to a fast food place and asked to use their bathroom. Sara started loosing control, a little wet spot appearing in her jeans as the attendant pointed directions. Sara ran towards it only to find it locked. She tried the handle on the guys and found it unlocked. There was only one cubical and it was occupied, so she ripped open the fly on her jeans and hooked it so that her aching pussy was exposed towards the trough and dribbling on the denim, she made a v with her fingers and let go. Pee cascaded into the trough, clattering loudly with the force of her flow as she got her long awaited relief. With only minimal damage to her jeans, Nathalie looked a sight with a dark wet patch from crotch to well below her knees. They found their car in the parking lot, vowing to be a lot more careful about scheduling bathroom breaks next clubbing night.
Sweet Panty Girl next Sweet Panty Girl story