Title: They Also Serve Who Only Sit and Wait

By: Paul Tester

Alice Woodward was travelling to her first operational posting after completing her basic training in the Women's RAF. Inspired by the patriotic fervour that had swept Britain at the start of the second World War, she had ignored her parent's advice and volunteered as soon as she had finished university. She crossed the main-line station to report to the Transport Officer, proud of her new grey-blue uniform, which she had spent some of her home leave subtlety altering it to fit her properly.

She was not a slim girl, nor was she as large as the Airforce seemed to think, but now her skirt fitted nicely round her seat and hips, and the uniform blouse was just tight enough to emphasise her full breasts. She was actually quite a shy, retiring girl, who had always lived with her parents in suburban London, but dress- making was her hobby, and she was not going to wear clothes that did not fit properly if she could help it.

She was one of the first to report, so, having been told her train number, she was given a mug of tea and told to 'stand by' until it arrived. She considered a precautionary visit to the Ladies, but when she saw the length of the queue, she decided she would wait until she was on the train, as she did not actually need to go just yet. There was a big group going to the same airfield, but they were allocated seats at random throughout the train. By the time she had located her compartment the train was about to leave, and it was only as she scrambled in the door that she realised that it was not a corridor train, but single compartments.

Thirteen people were already crammed in a twelve seat compartment, and they grudgingly made room for the new arrival. Alice looked at her travelling companions: she had a window seat, with the two airmen next to her. Opposite were two auxiliary nurses in well worn uniforms, probably returning to their unit after leave. In the centre of the carriage were five very young men in new uniforms, new recruits going for basic training. On the other side were four older soldiers, infantry she thought, settled comfortably and starting a card school to pass the time.

With a final flurry of shouting and whistle blowing, the train crawled out of the station, hardly gathering speed at all as it passed through the bomb damaged London suburbs. They hadn't been given any instructions about changing trains, but Alice assumed that this was only a local feeder train for some staging point outside the capital. The corridor trains would be kept for long distance routes.

Two hours later the train was still plodding north through rural England, and Alice was beginning to wonder where they were going to change trains. She had been needing a toilet quite badly for well over an hour, and was crossing her legs to make herself more comfortable. There was, she knew, absolutely nothing she could do except hold on until the train stopped, when there would be a chance to use the Ladies on the station. She told herself that they had to stop soon, as two hours was as long as it was reasonable to expect people to go without a toilet. She tried to concentrate on the novel she was reading, but the nagging discomfort was becoming more urgent, and she kept looking ahead to see if there was a town approaching, where they might stop.

She really did need to 'spend a penny,' as she would have put it, quite desperately, and her stomach was starting to ache with the effort of holding herself back. There had to be a stop soon, she thought, she was not the only person on the train who wanted to go, and she was sure that 'they' would have organised something for the troops' needs. Trying not to attract any attention, she took out her purse and checked that she had some pennies, then, put two in her jacket pocket. There might be a rush when they stopped, and she didn't want any delay getting her money out. Past experiences had taught her that when she wanted to go this badly sitting with her legs crossed, her need would become very urgent once she had to stand up or walk to the ladies.

As if to confirm her thought that she was not the only one who wanted to pee, one of the squadies stood up and addressed the occupants of the carriage.

"Beggin' your pardons, particularly the ladies present, but when nature calls, you can't ignore it. Seeing as they ain't given us a corridor, I ain't got much choice except to use the window." When he tried to open the window, it would only go half-way down, so to the amusement of this companions, he had to stand on the seat so he could direct his stream of pee out of the opening. Alice averted her eyes, shocked that he should be so bold as to go in front of everyone, but envious that he could obtain the relief she so badly needed, and also concerned that he might know that there was no stop due for some time. When he had finished his seemingly endless pee, one of the other squadies followed suite, taking another long, long pee, that he had not finished when the train went into a tunnel and smoke from the engine began to fill the carriage. He hurriedly shut off his pee and pulled the window shut.

Tony Smith, one of the new recruits, had also been wanting to pee almost as long as Alice had, and had been sitting with his legs pressed together in an attempt to control his increasingly urgent need. Tony was a shy boy of eighteen, who had led a protected life, and this was his first long journey without at least one of his parents. He had been dying to go, and wondering what he could do when the infantry had begun to pee out of the window. He had intended to get up and ask if he could go as soon as they had finished, but the tunnel had stopped their peeing, and the opportunity had been lost.

Too shy to stand up alone and ask for the window to be opened again, he had no choice but to press his knees harder together and try to squeeze off the urge to pee. He had wanted to go badly before, but now the anticipation of going had brought on a new level of desperation. He looked around the carriage; if only one of the other men was to get up and pee, he could follow him, but alone he could not pluck up the courage needed. He was going to have to hold on until someone else wanted to go.

He tried to think of something that would make time pass quicker, and take his mind off the discomfort of his full bladder, but he wanted to pee too badly to be able to ignore it. Half an hour later he was having to cross his legs as tightly as he could, because his need to pee had become too great to control any other way. He was trying not to squirm about too much and draw attention to his plight, but he was desperate and twice had come close to leaking a small spurt into his pants. Fearful of committing such a terrible indiscretion, he moved his hands to his lap, ready to grab himself if he should feel himself losing control. Even crossing his legs really hard, he was only just able to keep control. Then, much to his relief, the train went through a series of short tunnels, and he used the darkness to hold himself with both hands and force his pee back into his bladder, or so it felt.

Back in the open countryside, Tony was soon even more frantic than ever, and however hard he crossed his legs and tried to crush his cock between his thighs, he was coming to the end of his endurance and on the brink of leaking. For five minutes he struggled with all his might to control his pee, then, as he felt a trickle of pee start to run into his pants, he simply had to hold himself to stop the flow. He tried to be as discrete as he could, but faced with the choice of either holding himself or peeing in his trousers, he automatically chose to hold it, hoping that his action was not noticed.

Tony knew that relief was across the carriage at the window, but he still could not overcome his shyness and make to move alone. If only someone else was to go, then he would be able to follow them, but until then, he was going to have to hold on somehow. He survived another half hour, at the end of which time he was holding himself continuously, gripping his cock with his right hand and covering this with his left.

Despite his increasingly tighter grip, he had let go several leaks, so his pants felt quite wet, and he hoped that this had not seeped through to his uniform trousers. Tony had not wanted to go this badly since the Church outing when we was twelve, and that had ended with wet trousers and tears, the last time he had wet himself. Now he was an adult and a soldier, and it was inconceivable that he should have an accident in front of a carriage full of people. He gripped himself harder, determined that nothing more should leak out, despite the ever rising pressure in his bladder.

Time seemed to stand still as he fought to hold back his pee while not showing his desperate need to anyone else in the carriage. Frantic now, and fighting with all his strength to keep control, each five minutes that he managed to last out was more like an hour to him. Eventually he felt himself reaching his limit, and even gripping his cock as hard as he could, he could not prevent another trickle of pee into his pants.

Almost in tears, he was still hoping that someone else would get up and pee, as he was too shy to ask. Another leak, and he knew he had to do something soon, before these leaks became a flood. He was on the verge of heading for the window when his nerve failed again, and he remained sitting in agony. Three times he told himself that if nobody else went in five minutes, then he would do it alone, but each time he was still holding on, so he did nothing. Then, just when he felt he could not hold on another minute without bursting, one of the airmen stood up and walked to the window by the infantrymen.

"Sorry to disturb you chaps, but when a man's got to go, he's got to go. Can't use the window on my side with the girls sitting there."

The soldiers grudgingly moved aside to allow him to stand on the seat and let a stream of pee pour out of the window. He had certainly held out until he had a really full bladder to release. Tony's heart leap as he saw what was happening. At last he could go as soon as the airman finished, but the thought of the relief to come sent a surge of anticipation through his bladder, and he had to clutch frantically at his cock to avoid flooding his trousers.

The airman had hardly finished his marathon pee when Tony was getting to his feet, stammering "Pppplease, can I go to the toilet now?" fumbling to undo his fly buttons while still gripping his cock as he staggered across the carriage, almost tripping over peoples' feet in his haste. He was almost going in his trousers as he clambered onto the seat and tried to point his cock out of the window before he soaked his uniform. So great was his need that he was starting to pee before he could get his cock clear of his trousers, so his pee went first down his leg, then against the window frame, splashing the soldier sitting by the window, until finally he could release the full flow of his bursting bladder out of the train.

The relief, after holding for so long, was wonderful, and he ignored the angry complaint of the soldier he had splashed, and the snide comments of his companions about 'leaving it a bit late,' and 'didn't your mum teach you to get it out before you go wee-wee?' The only thing that mattered to Tony was that at long last he was able to pee, and it wasn't until he had finished, which didn't take long, because he only had a small bladder, that the embarrassment of his situation hit him. He had charged across the compartment in a panic, openly holding himself, and still had not been able to stop a major leak into his trousers, leaving a long wet streak down to his knee.

Blushing, he crept back to his seat and stared at his feet, wishing he could hide under the seat, and trying to cross his legs so the wet marks on his trousers were hidden. Another recruit was now relieving himself, but he had walked calmly across the compartment and been in position before he began to pee. Only Tony had made a fool of himself by trying to hold on too long and then not making it.

This second bout of peeing out of the window almost caused Alice to burst into tears. She had been dying to go when the first soldiers had peed, and since then her need to go had steadily increased almost as fast as Tony's had. The only difference was that Alice had never had any hope of relieving herself until the train stopped, so had not suffered the increased urgency that Tony had, brought on by the thought that he was close to being able to pee. For the previous hour Alice had been sitting with her legs tightly crossed, so tight she was getting cramp, grimly holding back her pee, and constantly reminding herself that she was an adult, and adults could control themselves and not need to spend a penny every couple of hours.

It was three hours since the train had started, and over three quarters of an hour longer since Alice had last visited the Ladies, and this was as long as she had ever had to wait without a toilet in the mornings. 'If only,' thought Alice, 'they had warned me that the train did not have a corridor when I was given that mug of tea, I would have made time to queue for the Ladies on the station.' Now it was too late to do anything about it, except grit her teeth and hold on as long as she could, but Alice resolved that never again would she drink anything before starting a journey unless she knew that there would be a toilet available.

An hour later and Alice was still somehow managing to hold on, legs tightly crossed and muscles tensed, her stomach aching and beginning to swell with volume of pee she was containing. The worst thing was not knowing how much longer she was going to have to wait. Then, with hardly any warning, they pulled into a medium sized station. Transport officers with loud-hailers were shouting the station name, and the army camps it served. "Everybody else to remain on the train," they kept repeating, but Alice was sure that this did not include people who were desperate to use the toilets. The two nursing auxiliaries were getting off, as well as the new recruits, and Alice stood up to follow them.

"Not here, miss," one of the airmen stopped her.

"I just want to stretch my legs," replied Alice, too shy to reveal the real, urgent, reason why she had to get off the train.

"Can't do that, not time, and you'll lose your seat, there's usually a lot of transit passengers to get on here," the airman's tone made it clear that she had to obey.

Blushing, Alice sat down, just as more people began to pack into the compartment, including three more WRAF's in new uniforms like Alice's. They sat near Alice and began exchanging names, so the conversation provided her with some distraction from her desperate need for a toilet. It was nearly two hours before they reached their destination, two hours during which Alice endured the most desperate need for a toilet that she had ever know in her life, and for much of the time was hardly able to follow the conversation with the other women, so distracting was the throbbing ache in her stomach. Near the end of the journey she was really having to concentrate on the effort require to contain her pee, and she sat with her eyes closed, pretending to be asleep, repeating to herself that she just had to manage to hold on somehow.

When she was at last off the train, her only thought was to find the Ladies as quickly as possible, and as she checked in with the WRAF transport officer, her immediate question was "Please, where is the Ladies?"

"The nearest one for you is in your quarters at the Camp, we can't hang about waiting for you to queue for the station lavs., so you'll just have to cross your legs for a bit longer."

"Oh please, there wasn't a corridor on the train, and I want to go awfully badly," pleaded Alice, twisting her legs together as she struggled to contain herself, her need to pee even worse now she was standing.

The officer glared at her, not used to having her instructions questioned. "Collect your kit-bag from the luggage van, and get yourself and the bag onto V(PT) 3 immediately! Delaying camp transport is a chargeable offence, so move at the double!"

Alice staggered to the luggage van, hardly able to hobble for the pain in her stomach, let alone march at the double, where a more considerate corporal helped her hoist her kit on her shoulder and told her that V(PT) 3 stood for 'Vehicle (Personnel Transport for the use of) no. 3', a battered old covered lorry with '3' painted on the side. She had to throw her kit-bag into the back, then climb in herself, an act that almost caused her to have an accident in her knickers, and she collapsed onto the hard bench seat, immediately crossing her legs as she fought to control herself again. 

More WRAF's scrambled onboard, until they were packed in like sardines, then a long delay before the convoy set off. Frantic to pee, every second of this delay was agony for Alice, and she reflected that there would have been time for her to use the Ladies on the station if she had been allowed to. Looking at her companions, she noticed that many of them had their legs crossed, pained expressions, and some were biting their lips anxiously, just as Alice was doing. Looking more closely, she could see that some were even pressing their hands between their legs, something she had always been forbidden to do since she was a child.

However, the effect of a few jolts of the lorry soon left her with no choice. Her swollen tummy was hurting so much she was afraid she would split open every time they hit a bump, and the pressure in her bladder was so great that she needed every ounce of her strength to contain it. Terrified of losing control and disgracing herself in public, Alice pressed both hands hard between her legs, sighing with relief as this brought her back from the brink of wetting herself.

Several time during the twenty minute journey Alice tried to sit more normally, but every time she moved her hands, the pressure became so intense that she had to hold herself again or lose control. When they entered the camp they went straight to a group of Nissan huts, where they were greeted by a Quarter-master and made to queue in alphabetical order. Near the back of the queue, and ordered to 'stand easy,' Alice was frantic to get to a toilet, and kept close to the woman in front, hoping that this would hide her clutching herself between her legs.

She would never have believed that she could have wanted to go so badly for so long and still been able to control herself, but now, when she had to hold on for only a few more minutes, the pressure was becoming uncontrollable unless she held herself. Worse was to come, because as she neared the Quarter-master's desk she had no cover to hold herself behind, and she had to make so much effort to contain the pressure that it was impossible for her to stand still. At 'stand easy' she was not allowed to cross her legs, all she could do was try to press her thighs together and clench all her 'holding muscles' as tightly as she could, at the same time curling up her toes, gritting her teeth and clenching her fists, doing anything that might possibly have helped her control the terrible need for the toilet.

Called to attention in front of the Quarter- master's desk, she could at least press her legs together, but still he shouted at her to stand still. With one last superhuman effort, Alice held herself rigid while she was assigned a room and bed, and instructed to leave her kit-bag by the bed while she collected her bedding and uniforms from the stores.

Alice's room was in the next building, and somehow she managed to hold herself upright and walk normally until she was outside and alone. With a gasp of relief she jammed one hand between her legs, just, it seemed, about a second before she was going to lose control and actually go in her knickers. Hampered by having to hold herself with one hand and carry her kit-bag with the other, she could do no better that a fast hobble to the next hut, where, as soon as she was inside she saw a door marked 'WC - Female, All Ranks.'

Abandoning any further attempt at normal behaviour, she dropped her kit-bag and ran for the door, both hands pressed between her legs. Inside were three cubicles, two already occupied; Alice hurled herself into the third, now in such a panic that she did not bother to bolt the door, concerned only with hoisting up her skirt and pulling down her knickers in the shortest possible time, letting her first jet of pee go before she was even sitting down. Her bladder had been stretched to its absolute limit, and the pressure of her initial stream showed just how frantic her need had been.

Only when the pressure dropped to her normal steady stream did Alice recover from her panic enough to realise that the cubicle door was swinging open, but until the flood had stopped, all she could do was try to push it shut with her foot. She just kept on going and going, far longer that she had ever done in her life before, and the occupants of both the other cubicles had left before she had finished. Now she did not have to control the enormous pressure in her bladder, she was more aware of the pain from her swollen stomach, but as she gradually emptied, so the swelling reduced and the pain got less, until, as she squeezed the final drops out, she was left with a dull residual ache that would persist for several hours.

Feeling at least a stone lighter, and almost light-headed with the relief of being able to walk normally again, she picked up her bag and hurried to find her bed and then report to the stores before she was missed. She found her two room-mates waiting for her, together with two more girls from the room opposite.

"From the way you dropped your bag and ran into the toilet, not even stopping to lock the door, it must have been an emergency, so we thought we had better wait and see if you were OK before we report to stores. If the time you have been in the lav. is anything to go by, you certainly needed some relief." The older of Alice's room-mates was acting as spokeswoman.

"Nobody warned me there wasn't a corridor on the train, so I had to wait for hours. I wanted to go so badly I've still got a stomach ache," replied Alice.

"It happens all the time, I think the men who organise these trains do it deliberately. You'll learn never to drink much before a train journey." As they left for the stores, one of the other new arrivals asked Alice "Did you come all the way from London? You must have been absolutely dying. I was in a compartment full of nurses, and they brought this thing from their hospital that you pushed up under your clothes and 'did it,' then they would empty it out of the window. If they hadn't let me use that, I would have had an accident for sure."

The senior woman stopped the group before they entered the stores. "The first thing that you new girls have to do is to learn a few tricks with milk bottles and funnels, because the Airforce seems to think that women don't need to wee. It's not only the train journeys, flight duty is even worse."

Her stomach still aching from the strain of waiting so long, Alice's spirits dropped at the thought of having to suffer like that regularly, but at least now she had some companions who be having the same trouble.

