But you Enjoy Suffering, don't you? (2)
Part Two
This picks up where Part One left off, obviously. So if you haven't read that, scroll down and catch up on your reading. This part will make a teeny bit more sense, maybe not much, but some. This portion here contains a little bit of, shall we say, consensual roughness between the two imaginary lovers. If you're uncomfortable with that, move on. Or even if you don't think you like it, try reading it. Gosh, you know sometimes we're surprised at what we find out about ourselves.
***
"I'm totally serious. No more until we get home," I said. But looking down at your skirt, already soaked in various places, I knew I'd never be able to tell if you were behaving.
"Let's go out to the car. I've got some dry shorts for you. I want to make sure you're good." You follow me out. Usually I've taken you out for little mini pit stops during the evening, so you're hoping that in spite of what I just said I'll let you relieve a little bit of the pressure.
I get in the trunk and drag out some faded short jean cut–offs, that I happen to know are just your size. We get in the car for a second and change you out of your wet skirt and panties into these cute, tight short shorts.
"Aren't you going to give me a little cup, honey?" you say. I'd brought along little paper cups before and let you use them.
"No, we're going right back in. You're waiting until we get home now, princess."
Grudgingly you follow me back in. We drink more, and you're getting very buzzed, but also back to really, really needing to empty your bladder again.
It's noisy and you lean closer to me. "I have to piss. God damn it, I have to piss," you say. You don't usually even use the word piss. "Oh, oh, oh," you say, jumping up and down in your seat. 
We've continued to talk about your guy in black every once in a while, and he's looked over here a number of times, catching you staring at him. Seeing you jumping around in your seat, he's looking at you again now.
"That man has a nice butt," you say, suddenly distracted again. "I mean, that man has a cute butt on him."
"Would you like to give him a blowjob?" I ask.
"Yeah, I'd like to give him a blowjob. And then I'd like to fuck his brains out."
You are a bit drunk now, I'd say.
"No, I mean really, would you like to give him a blowjob right now?"
"What? Right now? Serious? What are you saying?"
You're looking at me in disbelief.
"OK, let's put it this way. I want you to give him a blowjob. I mean, let's go over there, and you ask the man if he wants a blowjob. Right now."
"Can I pee first?" you ask hopefully, probably knowing full well what the answer is.
"No, no, no," I'm laughing. "Silly girl. No, you hold it until afterwards. Then you can go."
You're thinking. You're buzzed, horny, feeling totally crazy, and the thought of doing something out–of–control like this is very appealing. You're already imagining what his cock is like.
"Well? Yes or no? Do you want to?"
You hesitate and then, "Yeah, I think so. He'll never say yes though." You're sure this won't really turn into anything, but it's fun. But what if he does say yes? Again, that sudden caged feeling. You're bladder is insanely full. You're not even sure that you can stand up; you're so swollen. But the thought of sex with a total stranger is suddenly so appealing.
I'm already standing up and grabbing your hand. We make our way through the crowd, over to your guy in black, you taking small steps, feeling the leaden weight of your engorged, over–swollen bladder in your lower abdomen.
We approach him. Luckily it's pretty late, and folks are well lubricated. I introduce myself, and then my pretty little lover, the 2nd place t–shirt contest winner.
"So, I'm just gonna be real direct. My girlfriend and I are kinda crazy sometimes and we do some strange stuff. She's drunk and super horny tonight, and, um, she was wondering..." Even I'm a little uncomfortable.
I plunge ahead. "The 2nd place winner of the t–shirt contest tonight here thinks you're cute and would like to give you a blowjob before we head home."
The man looks a bit taken aback.
"Man, maybe I didn't hear you right." He's smiling, incredulous.
"Yeah, you did, my friend. My girlfriend here wants to give you head in the parking lot– simple as that. She's horny as a goat, and has been talking about you all night. And I got no problem with it. I get to bat cleanup later."
He looks at her. "Seriously?"
She smiles coquettishly back. "Yes. I'd like to."
He takes a drink of his beer. He ponders the situation, and looks at us, and at your cute body.
"Shit man, I've never said no to a blowjob in my life. Why start now?" He's shaking his head.
"Cool," I say. "It's a good decision. She's pretty talented."
I explain that we'll just go out to the parking lot and hop in my rental car with them in the back seat. He thinks we're nuts, but it's that magic time of the night when alcohol makes everything seem OK. And we're heading out to the parking lot.
I'm astounded by your commitment here. You must be one seriously horny girl to decide to fight off peeing for another half hour to go out and give head to some complete stranger. But this is what I love about you, you're intelligent, funny, nice, but with this incredible slutty side. And now you're so into it you're going to be testing your poor little bladder to the limit.
We're in the car, a full size model, you two in the back seat.
You exchange some sloppy kisses, and he's already grabbing for your titties.
You're grinding you're pelvis against the seat. You grab his hand and move it under your shirt. He puts his hand on your bare breasts, pinching your nipples hard; taking your mind off the ache in your pussy.
He's carried away by the moment, he's already forgotten about me. He's got his mouth on your titty, sucking, licking, and biting your erect nipple.
You feel like you're within an inch of wetting yourself. Grinding your butt, moaning, with his hand now on your crotch. Oh God, a little pressure on your pussy, feels so good. Not cutting through the pee need, though. So horny, so about to wet.
Then you're unzipping him. Lifting up, one foot on the floor, one knee on the seat, turning to get to him. I'm turned around watching now, your butt is right in front of me. You're starting to hungrily lick this man's cock. Bending over like that causes a new level of agony as your bladder is pushed down, bursting; the nerves screaming at you.
I put my hand between your legs, pressing my fingers against the thin piece of worn denim. I'm teasing, not pressing hard. Just lightly running my hand over your crotch as you give head.
You're licking, sucking, and thinking God, why won't he press on my pussy, I need pressure, need that to help me hang onto my pee.
I slip a finger past the frayed denim, and into your soaking pussy. I have never felt your bladder this hard before. I'm running my finger over the stretched, straining surface, and you grown loudly. I torture you a bit more, pressing on this huge, plump aching bladder as you moan. You're sucking him hard, and he's breathing hard, and then sucking in his breath, shoving his cock hard into your mouth.
And then he comes, and comes hard, spurting semen, pelvis thrusting up, groaning with pleasure, and then he's breathing deep, sighing, then relaxing and falling back in the seat.
But now you just want him out of the car. But you can barely make your mind work to talk, you're in a daze, a trance, a sexual state where brains don't work and minds don't form sentences. There's only an incredible tingling horniness in your pussy and the pain in your bladder, and your body shivering, trembling with pee need.
Thankfully you hear me saying, "Hey, I know you'd like to chill a bit, but I gotta get this girl home while she's revved up, if you know what I'm saying."
"Sure, sure, that's cool. Hey, man, it's been real. You guys are nuts, just fucking nuts," and he's zipping up getting out of the car, saying goodnight. You're struggling to find a more comfortable position, pulling your shirt down.
I come around, open the door and pull you out to bring you around to the front seat. He's disappearing back into the bar, giving once last look our way.
I'm starting the engine, pulling out of the parking lot. You're sitting next to me again, both hands pressed hard between your legs, rocking back and forth, moaning, whimpering.
And then you're leaking. It's too much. It just won't fit in your little body anymore, and it's leaking out, you can feel it starting to come. It's a strange feeling, you're not releasing it, but it's starting to come.
Fiery, burning drops of pee entering your urethra, forcing their way out, excruciating, leaking out and soaking the thin denim of the crotch of the shorts.
You're making a high–pitched moaning sound. "I'm trying, I'm trying," you gasp. "But it's coming out."
"Hold it in, goddamn it!" I say. "You made it this far. We're almost back at the hotel. You can wait!"
You are genuinely fighting to stay in control, every fiber of your being trying to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze. But the pee pressure is winning. It's indescribable, agony and ecstasy, the feeling of pee escaping against your will, just leaking a little, enough to soak your crotch and your inner thighs.
We've made it, crossed the lobby and survived the elevator. We're entering my room, I've spread plastic and sheets and towels on the bed earlier before I left to go out with you.
I push you onto the bed, you land face down, squeezing both hands between your legs. I smack your bottom. You barely feel the sharp smack, but you love the meaning of it. You've been bad, you've been a slut, you have shown off your body and your tits to a roomful of horny guys, and now you can't hold your pee and you're wetting yourself. You need to be spanked. You want to be spanked.
I spank you again and again. And then I'm turning you over, unzipping your damp shorts and pulling them off of you. My mouth is down on your cunt, licking hard, grinding against your clit. God how you fight to not let anything out while my mouth is down there. But it's not enough, and I feel just a sudden little extra wetness, it's not even a squirt, but there's pee trickling down your slit now as I crush your moist pussy with my mouth.
I've turned you back over now; pulling you onto all fours, give you another sharp smack. You lift your butt high, proud, you feeling like an animal in heat, lifting your cunt up high, to be serviced, to be fucked, but writhing uncontrollably from pee need.
I'm entering you now, firmly, forcefully, but not overly rough. I want you in pain, but I don't want to injure this beautiful animal I have in front of me. I'm moving in and out of you slowly and you can feel every bump and contour of my cock glide past the straining surface of your bladder. I've taken my hands off your hips. You're free to disengage, to pull free, to try to run to the bathroom and pee, sweet God, pee. But you stay, riveted, impaled on my cock, out of your body, out of your mind, pushing your pussy back hard against my cock even as your body screams for pee release.
I pull out slowly, leaving you hanging, pussy still arched in the air. Now without the pressure of my cock, you're ravaged muscles are letting go, and a stream of pee squirts hard out of your pussy, backwards, arching through the air. Your butt is moving, grinding. You struggle to squeeze back, but the need is overpowering and another hard squirt emerges. I smack that wiggling bottom again, and you squirt.
"Come on, bitch, you need to pee? If you can't hold it, just let go, go ahead and pee," I say, looking at you, doggy style on the bed.
And you release. Gushing in earnest, you're still grinding your pussy while you pee, the pee stream going everywhere. You can almost feel the force pushing you pelvis further up in the air.
Then I'm wrestling you to your back. You can't stop the flow and I'm quickly throwing you to your back, you're squirting everywhere, and now you're on your back and the stream is arcing through the air, 6, 8 feet high through the air. I'm pulling your legs way far apart. You're soaking the hotel room, hitting the floor, the TV, even the wall behind the TV.
And oh God, it feels so good to you, and you're finally getting what you need. Your gorgeous little cunt is gushing like a fire hydrant, the feeling of relief, heavenly, orgasmic. And then the stream is dying away a little, but before you've even anywhere near fully stopped I'm entering you, fucking you, fucking you hard now, now I'm not being gentle or controlled.
And we're locked again like animals, grinding, both caught in a time–stops nothing but pleasure and pleasure and more animal pleasure fuck.
And after riding this fuck to its crest, falling back, pushing to the edge again, falling back a little, and then finally losing it and we explode together in orgasms. I won't try to describe this orgasm, it always sounds so false to try to describe with words an orgasm like this– you just have to know what I'm talking about.
And then the two crazy Internet friends are sitting up on the bed, giggling, looking at the mess, laughing at the spray on the hotel wall, kissing, giggling, finally sane and back on the plane. We are hugging and I'm tousling your hair. We are just two silly people who met on the Internet– with this one weird thing in common.
Sean ( Email is welcome )