Title: "Stop it, I like it!"

By: Henry

During Henley regatta week, a temporary night club was set up in the members enclosure, and the charity disco there was one of the social events of the week. Lady Jane Worthington had spent a month’s salary on a new silk gown for the disco, and had taken three days off work to prepare herself for the event. She was hoping for the chance to further her relationship with Count Jacque du Bois, a rich French aristocrat she had met once some weeks earlier. She was staying with her old school friend Harriet Featherston-Jones, whose father had a small mansion just outside Henley. There was no doubt that Jane looked stunning in her designer gown, the colour complimenting her red hair and pale complexion.

Harriet and Jane stopped in a wine bar over-looking the river and drank a bottle of champagne before going into the disco. The price of drinks at the disco, like the admission, was extortionate, but Harriet’s cousin was on the organising committee and had got them a ‘free drinks’ pass. They were just finished their third Pimm’s and were on their way for a much needed visit to the loo, when they met Jacque at the entrance to the marquee. Jane just had to stop and talk to him, despite Harriet’s fidgeting and tugging at her sleeve, and her own urgent need. Only when they had arranged to share a table near the dance floor did Jane break away and continue on to the loos. Already there was a queue for the ladies, as the organisers had not wasted money on toilet facilities, providing only a single unit with 3 cubicles for the ladies and a trough and single cubicle for the men.

Once Jane had made contact with Jacque, she was determined not to let him get away easily. Several other hopeful girls were repelled by Jane, determinedly sitting next to him. She was making good use of her free drinks offer, and soon she was wanting to pee again. She wasn’t going to leave Jacque alone while she queued, so she had to cross her legs and hold on. Eventually, as she was approaching bursting point, Jacque also had to pee, giving her a chance to go at last. The queue for the ladies was even longer, and she was dreading the misery of a long wait in sight of relief. To her surprise, Jacque said that if she was desperate, she should use the cubicle in the men’s. Since Jane could hardly wait now she was standing up, she was in there like a shot, Jacque standing guard at the door while she peed.

When Jacque declined another drink as he had to drive home, Jane, who was now getting a bit tipsy, grasped the chance and suggested he stay the night at Harriet’s, not bothering to mention that she was using the only spare bedroom. She assumed that Jacque was unlikely to refuse to share a bed with her if offered the chance. A few more drinks, and Jane was bursting again, and wondering why Jacque didn’t want to go as well. Once again, she was desperate before he wanted to go, and when they reached the loo, there were women queuing for all the cubicles, including the men's. Unless she pushed in, Jane was going to have to wait at least 15 minutes before she could pee. Jacque suggest that it would be quicker to walk to Harriet’s than for

Jane to queue. Jane was so desperate she was not sure about being able to walk that far, but there did not seem to be much choice.

The walk was worse that she thought, and before they had got halfway, she wanted to go so badly she simply had to press one hand between her legs to control the urge. As they turned off the main road, Jacque put his arms round her and began kissing her passionately. Jane would not have objected except that he was pressing against her very full bladder, which nearly made her wet her knickers. She pushed him away. "Please don’t touch my stomach, or my bladder is going to burst," she said.

"Sorry," replied Jacque, "I didn’t realise you were that bad. Is this any better?" He hugged her from behind, running his hands over her breasts, and then as Jane pressed against him, moving one hand down her body and pressing it between her legs. Jane gasped in surprise, but didn’t object, as it eased her desperate need to pee. She moved slightly to get his fingers right against her pee hole. "Don’t you dare let go without warning me," she said, "or I might have an accident in my knickers." She could feel Jacque’s erection pressing against her, so he was obviously enjoying it as much as she was. When they started walking again, Jane realised there was not point in trying to hide that she was desperate, and held between her leg for the rest of the way.

At Harriet’s, all Jane could think of was getting upstairs to the loo before she burst, but Jacque, following close behind her, had other ideas. Once they were in Jane’s room he grabbed her from behind again and put his hand between her legs, helping her control her bursting bladder. Jane struggled to get to the en-suite bathroom. "Please let me pee first," she pleaded, "I’m absolutely on the point of wetting my knickers."

"Wait just a little bit longer, please," asked Jacque, "A girl with a bursting bladder is so sexy, and sex with a full bladder is wonderful."

Jane’s need to pee was so urgent that she was far convinced about this, but the pressure of Jacque’s fingers was helping her hold it in, and she began to realise just how sensitive she had become down there.

"Let me take my dress off, it’s far too expensive to risk wetting myself in it."

Jacque unzipped her and stood back to let her take it off, first warning her that he was moving his hand from her crutch. Jane stepped out of the dress, and crossing her legs tightly, hopped about while she needed both hands to fold it over the chair. Jacque came to her rescue and put both hands between her legs, pressing his fingers hard into her. Now Jane was ready for this, and gave a little gasp of pleasure as some of the strain was taken off her bladder. Jacque was moving his fingers round in small circles, while still pressing hard on her pee hole, causing an exquisite sensation to her clitoris. Now she was not in danger of ruining her ?2000 gown, Jane was more able to enjoy the sensations of having a man help her hold in her bursting bladder.

"Undress yourself," she told Jacque, "and take my bra off. I’ll hold it back for the moment."

Jane stood with tightly crossed legs, and both hands pressed between them, while Jacque undressed down to his briefs and then expertly removed her bra. Then he was standing behind her again, putting one hand between her legs and working his fingers underneath her, pressing hard against her clitoris and labia, while his other hand was massaging her breasts. Jane pressed back against him, feeling his erection hard against her. She reached behind her, pulling him hard against her. Her right hand was still between her legs, and she used this to guide Jacque’s fingers to rub and press where it gave her most pleasure. If Jacque kept doing this much longer, she realised, she would reach a climax and probably wet herself at the same time. Her bladder was already sending urgent warning signals to her. She tried to push Jacque’s fingers away from her clitoris. He looked at her in a surprised manner.

"It really is a case of ‘Stop it, I like it!’," said Jane. "If you keep rubbing me like that I am going to come, and if I come I’m afraid I will wet myself. Whatever you, I simply can’t hold out much longer, my poor bladder is nearly exploding."

"Quickly, then," said Jacque, leading her into the bathroom, which had a tiled floor. Jane thought he was going to let her pee, but instead he faced her and gently slid his stiff cock between her legs, rubbing against the thin material of her knickers, which was already wet from the earlier excitement. She had moved her hand away to allow this, which brought on a sudden, frantic urge to pee.

Before she could hold herself back, Jacque seemed to have anticipated this and was pressing the end of his cock hard against the front of her vagina, blocking her pee hole and rubbing her clitoris. Jane was frantically trying to press the cock harder against her before she wet herself, and at the same time trying to stop Jacque pressing against her, which would have put an unbearable pressure on her bladder. She started to climax, shuddering and pressing on Jacque’s cock with both hands in a desperate attempt to stop herself peeing as she came. She was now so aroused that her gusset was soaked, and if she did let some pee go, then it would not have noticed anyway.

Jacque realised that Jane was not going to be able to last much longer, so quickly took charge again. He pulled her knickers aside and eased his cock into her vagina. Jane backed against the wash-basin and opened her legs to allow him access. As he slid further inside her, she shuddered as her bladder was pressed from the inside. She tried to keep Jacque’s cock pressing against the front of her vagina, so there was still some pressure on her pee hole, but she could feel that she was starting to lose control. As Jacque slid right into her, she made on great effort to hold her pee, clenching herself shut with all her might.

Almost immediately a huge orgasm began to sweep through her, and she grabbed Jacque with both hands, pulling him into her as deeply as she could. He was thrusting into her, grinding against her pelvis and creating an unbearable pressure on her bladder. As she reached a shuddering climax, so she began letting go spurts of pee. "Oh no!, stop!, I’m wetting myself!" she cried.

Jacque just hugged her tighter. "Let it go Jane. Just relax and enjoy it, let it all pour out."

Jane could not stop herself leaking anyway, so she did as Jacque suggested, relaxing her tired bladder muscles and letting her pee come pouring out. As she felt the warm flood run down her legs, so Jacque thrust into her harder and quicker, bringing her to another climax, and reaching his own climax at the same time. They clung to each other, panting for breath, as the last spurts of Jane’s pee ran down their legs.

"Oh God! I can’t believe it," gasped Jane, "I’ve wet myself, I’ve peed all over the bathroom floor, I’m sorry, I just could not hold it any longer."

"Did you enjoy it," asked Jacque, "that’s the important thing. The floor doesn’t matter."

"It was wonderful, I don’t think I have ever felt anything so intense as peeing when I reached a climax. I wanted to go so desperately that even just peeing alone would have been almost orgasmic. It just built up from when you started helping me hold it back, even that felt wonderful."

"When I saw how badly you wanted to pee, I could not resist trying some full bladder sex with you," said Jacque. "Now I know you enjoy it, we can take out time over it next time."

‘Next time,’ thought Lady Jane, ‘Yes, next time and the time after that, and then again.’ If a bursting bladder was what it took to keep Jacque, then she was going to be bursting an awful lot of the time.

