Pam is a secretary at the company that I work for. She is really hot. She is about 23 and has long, brown hair and deep, beautiful brown eyes. She has an unbelievable body. She is about 5'7", 110 lbs., long sexy legs, an incredible tight round ass and huge, firm boobs. Yesterday was the day before Thanksgiving, so it was a casual dress day. Pam had on a tight pair of faded blue jeans and a sexy tight pink top. She was also wearing a pair of black platform shoes that are so popular these days. She looked totally hot! 
Anyway, it was about four o'clock and most of the people had already gone home because we were let off early due to it being the day before Thanksgiving. I was still there because I needed to finish a few things before the long weekend. All of a sudden Pam comes walking into my office and asks if she can use the copy machine. She tells me that the main office copy machine is broken and she has been waiting a long time for the machine to be fixed. She had a massive document to copy and said that her boss needed it in the next 20 minutes. She was supposed to copy the document this morning, but forgot. Now she had to get it done in the next 20 minutes or she was in deep trouble. She thought she would have plenty of time to copy the document this afternoon, but then the damn copy machine broke down. I told her it was o.k. to use my machine. I really didn't mind having this hot babe in my office for the next 20 minutes anyway.
For Pam to use the copy machine, she had to have her back to me. I was staring at her incredible ass, which looked so perfect in the tight blue jeans that she was wearing. I could see the outline of her little panties through the tight material. I could have stared at her ass all day, only it would be very hard not to want to touch it, squeeze it, bite it and so on. After a minute or two Pam crossed her long legs. The site of a sexy girl doing this is an incredible turn on to me. It always makes me think that the girl has to pee, even though some girls cross their legs when they don't have to pee. After another minute or two Pam uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way. Now I was starting to get hopeful. After another minute or two Pam uncrossed her incredible legs and squeezed her lovely thighs together and bounced up and down at the knees 3 or 4 times. Now I was sure she had to pee. Then she went into a sizzoring motion with her legs. She was standing with her legs close together and alternately sizzoring her legs forward and backwards. After doing this for a couple of seconds, she let out a long sigh. I jumped on this opportunity to ask her if anything was wrong. Pam replied that nothing was wrong. Pam was kind of quiet and I gathered that she was one of those girls that got embarrassed if she admitted she needed to pee bad. Anyway, she did the sizzoring thing for a while and then went back to a tight leg cross.
I asked Pam what she was doing for Thanksgiving. I wanted to get a conversation going with her. I figured maybe if we started talking, she would loosed up an admit she needed to pee and start to talk about it. Pam told me that she was having Thanksgiving dinner at her moms house with the rest of her family. While she was telling me this she began to do the pee pee dance. She was hopping from foot to foot and was alternately crossing her bent leg over her pussy. She looked like she really had to pee bad at this point. She couldn't stand still for a second now. I kidded with her the it looked like she had ants in her pants and she laughed and said, "Please don't make me laugh, I have to peeeeeeeee!" She said it in kind of a groan while laughing. It was so sexy that I thought I was going to cum on the spot. I said, "Why don't you just go then?" and Pam said, "I have to finish copying this damn document. If I don't have it done in the next ten minutes my boss is going to kill me. I'm due for a raise and if I don't finish this it's going to cost me for the next year. I have to pee sooooo bad though! I had to go bad while I was waiting for the damn copy machine to be fixed and I should have peed then. Now I'm going to have to wait until I'm done." Now that the cat was out of the bag, Pam was squirming and prancing and pee pee dancing up a storm. I was in heaven. After a few more minutes Pam said, "I know this is going to sound ridiculous, but would it be o.k. if I undid my jeans? They are soooo tight! The pressure is just too much! If I don't undo them, I'm not going to be able to wait anymore!" As she said this she squeezed her beautiful legs together and bent all the way to the floor. I said, "No problem. Do whatever you have to do." I couldn't believe what was happening here. This girl is totally hot. I had fantasized about her being desperate to pee and having an accident many times. Also, I love panties and a thought of a possible glimpse of Pam's was a dream come true.
So now Pam unsnaps her tight jeans and pulls the zipper down an inch or two. She was really squirming big time at this point. She was doing the sexiest pee pee dance I'd ever seen. She was almost running she was hopping from foot to foot so fast. And every few squirms, she would cross her legs really hard and bend over double. All of this movement was causing Pam's jeans to start to inch their way down her hips. Her zipper was probably all the way down at this point and her jeans had fallen down about 3 or 4 inches from their proper position. This exposed the top of Pam's black string bikini panties. Her waist is so thin and her ass is so perfect that the site of her ass shaking and her jeans falling and her panties showing was an erotic vision to die for!
All of a sudden she must have been hit by a major spasm. This caused her to grab her crotch hard, lift her right foot of the ground, bend it at the knee, cross it over her pussy and then bend all the way down to the floor again. She said, "Oh my God! I've never had to pee so bad in my life!" She stayed down at the floor for about ten seconds. She then said, "I can't stand up. If I do, I'm going to pee in my pants!" I thought I was going to die! She finally stood up and looked down at the crotch of her jeans to see if there was any damage. She appeared to still be dry. Now she had her legs twisted together like a pretzel. She said, " This is soooo embarrassing! You have to promise not to tell anyone about this." Her hand was buried in her crotch and rubbing away furiously. She said, "I don't know what I'm going to do. I have to finish this, but I'm just about peeing in my pants now! I don't think I can even make it to the bathroom without having an accident anyway! What am I going to do!?!" Pam was moaning and groaning and sucking in air like I've never seen a women do before. Finally she squealed, "Oh no! I can't hold it anymore! It's coming out! I'm having an accident! I'm peeing in my pants! Oh God Nooooooooo!!!!!!!" Pam had her back to me and I could see the pee pouring down both of her legs and rising up her ass toward her waist. She twisted her legs together as hard as she could and bent down to the ground again. This was causing her to soak the back of her tight faded jeans totally. She stayed in that position for over a minute, which is how long it took for her bladder to empty. She made a huge puddle on the floor. She was now sobbing. She stood up to examine the damage. Her jeans were totally soaked! The front was wet half way to her waist and her legs were soaked all the way down both inseams and into her shoes. She turned around and I could now see her incredible ass. It was totally soaked all the way to her waist due to her pants being unzipped while she had her accident. She was crying pretty hard now and said, "Oh my God, I can't believe I peed in my pants like that. Look at the huge puddle I made on your floor! What am I going to do? If I walk out of here, everyone will find out about this!" I told her to stop crying and I would help her out of this jam. I told her to call her room mate and have her bring a pair of jeans and panties. I told her she could stay in my office until her room mate showed up. I told her to finish her copies. She could then change in my office and nobody would ever have to find out that she wet her pants. It would be our little secret. I then tossed her a towel from my workout bad and she dryed the floor. She was so happy and relieved that she began to calm down. She called her room mate, which she did have to admit peeing in her pants to, and she went back to her copying until her room mate showed up. I had the pleasure of the erotic vision of Pam standing in her soaked jeans, which she rezipped and rebuttoned at this point unfortunately. When her room mate got there she laughed at Pam and Pam said, "Look who's talking. Like you've never peed in your pants before." Her room mate said, "Hey, I was really drunk and that bathroom line was miles long." She laughed while saying that and looked at me kind of embarrassed. She is pretty hot also and the visualization of her peeing her pants in a long bathroom line was too much at this point. Finally Pam said, "You have to turn around now so I can change, though you've already seen my panties and me pee my pants anyway." I said o.k. and turned around so Pam could change. She said it was o.k. for me to turn back around and I did. Pam still had her dry jeans unzipped and I could see her new pink bikini panties. She then zipped her pants and finished her copies and thanked me a dozen times for all of my help. Then the two of them left. I can't wait until I see her on Monday. It was one of the most erotic experiences of my life. C.U. Squirm