Rachel’s Sportsday
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Rachel was a student from the local college, and she was picked to represent them at this sports meeting at Crystal Palace. She was a superb athlete at school and in her second year in college, she won her middle distance (eg, 800metres, 1500metres) races with flying colours. She was proud to be there in her navy tracksuit and black bottoms, underneath she had an all-red vest and shorts.

As with all meetings, she tended to get more nervous than most people, so she drank several cups of water to calm her nerves…. as a result, she would go into races bursting to go to the toilet. She never made any attempt to empty her bladder this time as she waited for her first race, the 800metres.

When Rachel got onto the track with her competitors, she would pretend to warm up with running on the spot, stretching her legs and shaking them when in fact she wanted to pee badly. She pressed her stomach through her vest only briefly to make sure none of the pee comes out. Luckily, she survives her first race…. she won.

She went to ask one of the officials organising the event if she knew where the toilets were. The official replied that runners could not visit the toilet until races were over. That was a shock to her! She was disappointed….. and frightened… at the fact that she needs to go sometime…. and it was a long time before her second race, so she couldn’t wait. So, putting on her tracksuit, she made her way to a secluded part of the stadium. There was a wall there and she climbed over it. After seeing that the coast was clear, she pulled her shorts and bottoms down, only to discover that she could not pee. She tried pushing herself with all her might, yet she could not do so. She was in agony. She was full of pee and yet it would not come out.

Suddenly, Rachel heard the announcement that her next race, the 1500metres, was starting soon. Oh, no… she needed to answer a call of nature, yet she could not. So she headed back to the main competitors’ area to get ready. The problem was that she was fidgeting badly at this point. She found it difficult to concentrate at the worst of times, so when the race started, she was hot and bothered. While she was running, she felt a little pee seep into her knickers, making them damp. She was worried. She didn’t want to pee herself during the race.

However, as the race continued, she felt more little drops of pee soaking her knickers more and leaving a damp patch on her shorts. She couldn’t hold it any longer, so when the bell came at the last lap, she raced to the finish like Speedy Gonzalez, beating everyone by a long stretch. Rachel past the finishing line, but did not stop. She raced to that same secluded area, stood against a wall and let it go. The urine gushed forcefully out of her shorts, running down her legs and forming a mini-puddle on the floor. She gave a huge sigh of relief on letting it all out.

Suddenly, as she finished, the official arrived, shocked to see a nice, young woman wet herself. Rachel said that she could not help it as she had been holding it in for a long time. It was a day she will never forget in a hurry…. she wet herself and won her races as well. Her desperation was all worth it.

