Penn-Tran. Part 2. Research

Posted by Tinker, November 1997

The next morning at seven hundred hours, Beverly Crusher was waiting in the ship's gymnasium. Deanna was late for their daily morning practice. Finally, at seven five, she rushed in, claiming to have overslept. Beverly did not make any move to begin their standard practices. Instead, she stayed down on the mat and smiled at Troi. Deanna joined her and started stretching, but stopped when she saw Beverly just smiling at her. "What's going on, Beverly?" Smile. "Come on, what's this?" Smile. Troi sighed and bent her head. "Okay, I confess." Eagerly, Beverly moved over: "Who is it?" Troi grinned: "Not who, but what. I rediscovered an old therapy yesterday and got carried away with it myself."

Beverly and Deanna stealthily went to a silent corner of the gymnasium, but at this time of day, it was usually completely deserted. "Come on, tell me," Beverly insisted. Troi started out medically. "You know the internal arrangement of Betazoid urinary organs?" Dr. Crusher nodded. "About the same as with humans. No sphincter on the two bladders, and the exit on top with long urethras. More volume, less concentration. Humans do better." Deanna made a face. "Unfortunately I have the full urinary system of my mother, so you understand that once in a while I sorta tip the bucket and have an accident." Beverly nodded: "Yes, without a sphincter that can easily happen."

"And I go to the bathroom every hour to prevent accidentally spilling anything. But this inherently weak system has been plaguing Betazoid women for millennia, and our culture found a simple solution. Leaking is allowed." Beverly smiled: "How practical."

Troi took another position on the mat. "But that's not all. Our sexual organs got built around the urinary system, and both are much more intertwined than with humans. Actually, we like to pee."

"Now that's a new approach," Beverly wondered. "I thought you must hate going to the toilet every hour. And now you tell me you like it." Deanna shrugged: "Not that much; it is more the other way around. Urinating is very much integrated into our sexual behaviour. If I get turned on, I want to pee." Beverly grinned loudly. "And what has this to do with that new therapy of yours?"

"It's not *my* therapy. It's been known on Betazed for ages. The women just got away with leaking, so they leaked more. In the end, you could not call it leaking any more, they just saved up a few hours worth and then pretended to leak. But in fact, they just purposely caused these accidents for fun." Beverly frowned: "You mean that Betazoid women constantly wet themselves? Jean-Luc should know this the next time your mother shows up." Deanna shook her head: "Not constantly, of course. But wetting yourself is not viewed as a problem that has to be solved. Betazoid women usually wear dresses and with appropriate underwear, there's nothing to fear."

Beverly nodded. "I see. And the therapy?" Deanna moved into another position again: "Well, it turned out that wetting yourself on purpose had a tremendous effect on the mental state of the women, so it got known as Penn-Tran, the Way to Calmth. It did away with most drug abuse among women."

"And you prescribed it to one of your patients? What did she think of it?"

"Well, at first she was rather shocked, but then she tried and it appeared to work with human females as well. Although the effect was not even remotely comparable with the effect on Betazoid women." Beverly now got interested. "Clinically, how did you administer this medicine? Put her on the toilet pot with some old pants on?" Troi laughed: "No, Penn-Tran is not only a physical affair. You need to do more than just sit down and wee into discarded panties. In fact, I took her to the holodeck and let her wet her uniform."

"You what? Geez! How did she get away with that?"

"Not only she did, I gave her an example myself. And we both got away, rest assured."

"But how? I mean... wet pants are very well recognizable. It's not Betazed here." Troi smiled and whispered Beverly something in her ear. "Uniform DRESSES?" she exclaimed. "Are you crazy? Why don't you just yell around the ship that you..." But when Beverly saw that Troi leaned back in complete self-confidence, she sighed and admitted that Deanna had a point. Still, to go to the holodeck in a uniform dress was a feat in itself, let alone wetting yourself on purpose and then calmly walking back to your quarters in your wet gear.

Then, Beverly blinked as she realized the full impact of Troi's earlier statements. "Wait a minute... what did you say? You like to pee when you get turned on? What did Will think about that?" Deanna's smile disappeared in an instant. "Or shouldn't I ask such personal questions?" Deanna shook her head: "No, it's not that I don't want to talk about this, it's just that it has a sad side as well. Will never liked it. He sorta accepted that I got wet at times, but when it got serious between us and we got closer to having sex together, it all became quite a problem."

Beverly nodded: "I can see that. But how... I mean..." Troi smiled again: "You curious little girl. Alright, when we first did it, I decided to simply follow my instincts and forget about everything else. We had had a wonderful day at a recreation facility on Risa, and when back in our hotel room, I secretly changed into my uniform dress. I knew that Will liked that uniform a lot. It was pretty clear that we would have sex that night, we both knew, so Will had stripped down to his briefs and was lying on the bed, posing a bit. He looked quite cute." Beverly could not suppress a giggle.

"I was horny as hell, so I walked in and showed myself off at the foot end of the bed. Will was pretty much excited, I could sense, and besides I could see it as well! I paraded a bit in front of him, you know, teasing is not hard in such a dress." Beverly imagined the scene and exactly understood her friend's approach. "Did you really sense Will's excitement? Did you know when he was ready?"

Troi nodded: "I most certainly could! Believe me, he got more ready than he believed possible himself! And, sure, I got pretty much worked up myself as well. I slowly took off my boots, getting bare legs from my toes straight up my dress, and then I stalked him over the bed as a tiger. Don't laugh, Beverly! When I got to Will, I straddled him with my knees on the bed. It was so romantic! He carefully stroked my bum and thighs, and we both were completely ready to have each other. It was so natural, so familiar... I just had to give in and let it come over me. I was so immersed in our emotions that I did not even feel it coming. Beverly!"

Beverly now was lying on her belly on the mat and laughed her brains out. "Ooh! I can imagine Will lying there with you straddling him and then you just... Waah! Please, I can't stop laughing... Ooh! Great! That was what you call a culture shock! I would want to see his face!" Beverly just thumped with her fist onto the ground and laughed so hard that the tears rolled down her face, while Troi tried to keep straight. But in the end, she couldn't, and they laughed together for five minutes. "The horror on his face! His complete emotion pattern messed up! Everything between love and hate in one mind!" Troi and Crusher rolled over the mats and hysterically yelled at each other: "Mister Macho! You should have seen him! His libido went out like a candle in the rain! Talk about wet dreams!" Hilarious laughter.

"Well, after the initial shock, he sorta could laugh about it, and when he finally got me on my back on the bed he did not even take off my dress or my wet panties. I didn't mind. I just grabbed him with all fours and held on tight. We took off at warp six and went right up into the Andromeda nebula! His performance was, uhm, quite satisfying." Beverly still grinned. "And we had a great time together afterwards on Risa, in which I wore my uniform dress every night. But over the next months, he got more and more annoyed with me, and in the end we split up. He probably is a bit too traditional to really get into alien customs."

"So all that talking about his career being in between both of you and such was not really the reason for splitting up?", Beverly inquired. "It was part of it, sure, but my bedroom habits were more significant. Will could live with my wet panties, but not with his wet bed."

"I'm sorry, Deanna. Things like this happen." Deanna shrugged: "I learned a lot, and there are more men around. Although I might prefer Betazoids in the future. At least they won't be caught by surprise."

They both got up to change and resume their normal daily duties. Beverly couldn't resist to ask Troi if she planned to wear her uniform dress today. "I might. It still is a regular uniform, and to be honest, it offers me a sense of freedom that my jump suits does not." Beverly shook her head while Troi took a left turn and disappeared into the corridor, smiling her most mysterious smile.

Arrived in her quarters, Beverly took a shower and thought back about her friend's story. Medically it sounded quite believable, for a Betazoid. But there was a strange twist in it that kept her head spinning. Troi was just a bit too enthusiastic about this new, so-called therapy of hers. Beverly pondered the question while she dried herself and put on her normal working clothes, a pair of trousers, a sweater and a long doctor's coat. Deanna could be overreacting. After all, she had been single for a long time now, and if this little game of hers provided even a little bit of comfort and relief, it could get out of hand. Such a case would not be the first one on board, especially not with the availability of holodecks. Fantasy programs could easily turn into just a bit too much of reality. Beverly decided to drop by Troi's quarters on her way to sick bay.

"Who's there?" Deanna's voice was a bit muffled by the door. "It's me, Beverly," dr. Crusher answered. "Okay, come in." Beverly entered and looked around for Deanna. She was in her bedroom, apparently. Beverly ground her teeth when her fear proved justified: Troi was indeed wearing her uniform dress. She turned towards Beverly and proudly beamed in the indirect lighting of her room.

"What do you think? Still not looking bad, eh?" Beverly hesitated and then sat down on the bed. Troi's face changed and now expressed doubt and worry, as she felt her friend's state of mind. Without saying a word, she sat down next to Beverly. For a moment, neither of them spoke a word. "You are worried about me, thinking that I'm going to do something stupid and make a fool of myself," Deanna summarized the situation. Beverly just nodded; Troi needed not even half a word. "Is it the dress? Am I too old for legs?" Beverly shook her head and a smile appeared on her face: "No Deanna, you're looking great and I am sure that more people will start wearing these dresses in the end. They have never been away, just out of fashion."

"No, it's that other part of your new therapy I'm concerned about. Are you sure it's just that, a therapy for your patients? Or are you just a little bit too happy that you can help them with some participatory research?" Troi bit her lip. "I don't know, really. It just happened this way. I mean, I really helped Amanda by showing her the way to calmth, it was just what she needed."

"Yes, but afterwards? When you came back here, in your dress, your wet panties between your legs? If you are half human, this should already do something to you. Let alone with your Betazoid half kicking in, especially with the sexual details you told me." Troi clearly was confused now. She stood up, stroked her dress down with an unsure gesture, and looked at the wall. Beverly sighed. Psychotherapists often got nailed to the floor by bouncing their own techniques back to them, she knew. Okay then. She had taken psychotherapy classes herself. Time for her first patient today.

Troi was clearly not that comfortable, lying on her back on her own couch. Beverly sat behind the network terminal, frowning over the mess Troi had made of her files: "How can you *work* with this thing?" She finally managed to access the data through her own personal filter setup, and sighed from relief: "That's better. Okay, let's start. You say you like weeing. Is that always so?" Deanna blinked and shrugged: "Maybe. I have to wee a lot, usually I just don't think about it. I guess I don't hate it though."

"Are there occasions where you hated weeing?" Beverly applied a standard trick. Deanna smiled. "Yes there were, silly. Of course there were."

"Such as?"

"The usual little problems at school, for example. They tried to train us to go every hour, but often I could not. I pressed on my belly like mad, but nothing. And then of course I overflowed fifteen minutes later and had to sit in wet panties for the rest of the period. Just a faulty technique, but nobody ever explained it to me. I guess I was just a bit backward. Not too much, some of my class mates stayed wet for many more years."

Beverly moved through the masses of stored data, looking at it from various information angles. "And later? Did you have negative experiences when with Starfleet?" Deanna thought for a while. "The most awkward experience I had was when we first met Q. We had tried to outrun his trap but had to give up, and he put us in an old court room. All quite scary. We were sitting on low wooden benches, surrounded by madmen. Q froze poor Tasha and Data was just quick enough to catch her when she fell over backwards. I was so concerned about her that I squatted down right beside her body. The pressure on my belly became too high that way, and when I felt it rising, I opened my knees in a reflex to prevent overflowing.

But it was too late already. Fortunately I wore my uniform dress, this dress, so I was safe. I just let it come and hoped for the best. It went straight into my panties and quickly soaked my whole bum, leaking down between my feet. I still remember its warmth in the cold court room. We were on a grating of some kind, so nobody noticed. Except Data. He looked right between my knees, he couldn't help it, and must have seen everything. From the first to the last drop. I wore white panties then, and Beverly believe me, going to the toilet into white panties shows, especially under a short dress like this."

"But he never made a remark about it?" Troi shook her head: "Never. I acted like nothing happened, so he must have assumed it was just human behaviour."

"And later? Any more accidents?" Deanna browsed through her memory. "No, not really. I planned my toilet visits carefully and with this dress, an accident did not really matter anyway. At a certain moment, I became so confident that I started to wear jump suits, which had become fashion. Of course I had to pick a colour that shows everything, silly me, so at first I wore protective pads, but I learned to control myself pretty well and I cannot remember having a big accident in my jump suit. Small ones, yes, but never something embarrassing. You know, I am half Betazoid, but I don't like it to be caught wet or wetting. Outside my bedroom, that is." 

Beverly nodded. "But did you also stop, eh, the less accidental accidents?" Troi pushed herself up on her elbows: "Beverly! I don't ask you how many times a week you play with yourself, do I?" With a smile, dr. Crusher pushed a button: "Gotcha, Deanna. You said it all yourself. Admit it. Besides, it's all in you own files: Betazoids masturbate by wetting themselves. All that Penn-Tran stuff, it's just a cover-up. You need relief, Deanna, and because you don't have a man around, you end up wetting your pants. Don't be ashamed, it's nothing to be ashamed about! Tell me, I've had no man in ages! But coming to terms with your own behaviour often helps, I have been told. Accept it."

Deanna fell back onto the couch and sighed. She tried to pull her dress down with her left hand, but could not cover up her matching blue panties which flashed just a bit. "It's so difficult to talk about it. Yes, I like to do it on purpose. I do it once in a while. Always here, in private."

"Really? Never on the holodeck?"

"Well... alright, sometimes on the holodeck. But then I have clothes with me, so that I can change." Troi now sat up and corrected her dress. "Okay, you're finished, doctor. I've confessed." Beverly shrugged: "Nothing new, really. But maybe you now have a better understanding of why you are so excited about your so-called new therapy." She did not take her eyes off the terminal. Deanna stood up and walked over to the doctor. "Look, I ran a query on medical reports of bedwetting aboard starships. There is a slight but significant increase in bedwetting cases on long flights, say, more than three months. This might prove interesting." Deanna switched back to her normal interface and typed something. Beverly rose an eyebrow: "What's that? A cipher?" Troi grinned and looked at the result of her command.

"Read the manual, Beverly. These machines can do much more with the babyface switched off." On the little screen appeared a list of starship missions, ordered. "Look, this is the top score. These flights had the highest rate of reported incontinence problems, with no medical cause found, and they were all longer than three months. Almost all cases female. And no hard data on bedwetting, just generic complaints and vague stories. As if somebody sent these women to sick bay after an accident." Dr. Crusher first wondered where Troi had learned to query the data base directly onto the bare silital, but soon her eyes drifted to the top of the list. It read: "Enterprise NCC1701, departure stardate 3345."

"How did you get him so far?" Deanna was completely astounded. She was sitting at the bar together with dr. Crusher, enjoying a drink. "Well, I just convinced Jean-Luc of the enormous medical importance of it, and since we are practically dead in the water with those plasma relays out of order, there was no real problem."

"But going there may upset things! There's that time paradox and everything." Beverly sipped from her drink and waved Troi's complaints away: "We're not going to assassinate a president. Just peeking at an old starship's crew for medical history purposes. Nothing can go wrong." Deanna still shook her head. "It's just unbelievable that you wrenched permission to travel back a hundred years out of him. Usually this is only allowed for very well planned historical missions, done by extremely well trained professionals who know exactly what they are doing. We're just ship's doctors."

"And that's what we'll be there as well. Don't be afraid, just see it as a lot of fun. A vacation trip, so to say." Deanna downed her drink and sighed. "Vacation trip. Well, I can use one. Alright then. It will be fun, if you say so."

In the far right corner of Ten Forward, there suddenly was some laughter and a girl screamed "Oh no! Not again!" She jumped to her feet and ran towards the door, her hands firmly in her crotch. One leg of her jump suit showed a dark stain halfway down her thigh. Troi smiled: "Now that's what I call a real accident. She was really embarrassed." Beverly wanted to reply in a humorous way, but shut up when she saw Troi suddenly sit upright and listening. No, not listening, something else. "What's it, Deanna? Sensing something?" Deanna nodded. "Yes. Not very pronounced, but still clear. It's gone now." She looked around and tried to see who were in the room. Not that many people. The group in the corner, Worf and Geoff from security, Guinan, a few engineers, and Beverly and herself. "Forget it, it was nothing."

She turned towards Beverly: "So, when do we leave for the previous century?" Dr. Crusher smiled: "Tomorrow at eleven. We'll be back a few seconds later of course, so nobody needs to wait for anything. That's one of the advantages of time travel." Deanna frowned. "Then we have little time at hand to prepare ourselves. I suppose we should start right now." Beverly nodded, and rose. "I've made something interesting in sick bay which might prove helpful. I'll show it to you." At the door, Deanna turned around and looked over the patrons again. Ah, forget it. She smiled at Worf to make him look away uneasily and followed Beverly out.

"Look, I modified the Radson scanner of this tricorder. Just stand still for a moment." Beverly aimed the tricorder at Troi and pressed the scan button. "It reads 78%. Isn't it about time for you to go to the bathroom?" Deanna made a face and snatched the tricorder from Beverly's hands: "Silly idea. Measuring my filling status." Beverly grinned and turned towards her work. "I've some reports to complete. After that, we can take a break and talk about tomorrow." Troi looked at the clock. Still a few hours to go before bed time. She looked at the tricorder. Silly idea. And the readout in percents was just dumb. With a naughty smile, she sat down behind sick bay's main computer terminal and logged in to her own files. A little tinkering was always good for her development.

Twenty minutes later, Beverly stretched herself out and yawned. "Okay Deanna, I'm finished. Do you have a research plan for tomorrow? What are you doing by the way?" Troi swivelled on her chair. "Oh, I just extended your toy a bit. It now is a bit more useful." She rose to her feet and corrected her dress, which had become a reflex already. "How do you mean? What else should it do?" Troi smiled and tapped a button on the terminal. "See, I linked this program to the room's Radson scanner. Not only medical tricorders have Radson scanners, on Galaxy class starships there's one in the environmental control unit as well. So I can let the computer check on my status wherever I go."

Beverly shook her head. "Wildly useful, Deanna." Deanna continued: "I realized that your gauge could be handy after all, but I interpreted the result instead of just displaying it." Deanna smiled some more and hit her communicator: "Computer, status report." The mechanical voice answered: "Advice: do not squat down, sit down, or stress your abdomen in any way." Beverly put her hand before her eyes and sighed. Troi could be just too childish at times. Her communicator clicked again: "Warning: core breach imminent." Happily, Deanna added: "You see, it's handy after all. I would never have guessed that I was about to overflow otherwise. Now I get a one minute notion."

Beverly was astonished: "Deanna! Hurry! The toilet is just around the corner." But Troi continued as if she had not heard her friend: "You know the siphon effect? My bladders are built in such a way that once they start running, they run until empty. To prevent residual urine to remain in there for long periods of time, I suppose. Nature is so creative." Click. "Warning: core breach imminent. Please open your legs."

"The fun is," Deanna said while casually parting her boots about half a meter, "I never before overflowed while expecting it. This time, I will!" Dr. Crushed hit the door lock button on her desk and hissed: "Are you crazy? People could just walk in and see you standing like this! Don't be silly, use the toilet, not your panties. And my floor." Click. "Ten seconds to core breach. Please open your legs." Deanna calmly smoothed her little dress around her thighs and put her hands behind her back, clearly not at all impressed by dr. Crusher's protests: "This is really exciting, you know. Now I wear a dry uniform. In ten seconds I won't." Beverly gave in: "Alright alright, go ahead, wet yourself like a little girl. As long as you clean it up." She crossed her arms before her on her desk and decided that watching her friend get herself a wet uniform might be a good preparation for tomorrow anyway. Besides, it was quite interesting as well. And if Deanna really got off on it, why not?

Troi now appeared a bit flushed. With her legs apart and her hands behind her back, she stood almost as if she was waiting for some official to come aboard. Beverly could almost feel Troi's tension herself, when Deanna looked down to her feet: "That gauge of yours is kilometres off. Nothing happens. I'm still as dry as the Kalderian desert. Well, it cannot take much longer. Just wait and see." Beverly took her tricorder and read the display: "It says 105% now. I obviously underestimated the elastical effect. But I can calibrate as soon as you overflow. I'll set up a detector for that."

Quickly, she arranged two sensors to report on increasing skin temperature in the crotch region and rising endorphin levels. Troi was still waiting for her body to give up and spoil her panties. With the tricorder on continuous scan left back on the table, Beverly walked over to her friend. "You look ridiculous, Deanna. Wetting your pants should not be done so explicitly. Some sneaky pose behind a table, alright, but standing with your feet widely apart hardly can be called inconspicuous.

Especially not in such a dress. You would attract all gazes within hundred meters." Deanna just stood there and said nothing. The excitement of the moment made her breathing tempo increase, and she now definitely flushed. "I think it comes now," she whispered. A second later, Beverly's tricorder beeped in confirmation and Troi sighed from relief when she felt her panties turn warm and wet. Her body did not give her much time to think about it, though. Within a few seconds everything under her little dress got soaked right off and when she heard the first drop hit the floor, Deanna's vision blurred and the only thing left for her to experience was the warm, cosy comfort between her thighs. Her knees melted and soon she was squatting with her hands on the floor, heavily panting, not caring about anything else but her own pleasure.

Beverly's interest, strictly medical at first, got a different angle when she saw her friend almost blacking out from satisfaction. Weird. She felt her own skin tickle and suddenly her forehead showed some perspiration. Natural reactions to Troi's behaviour, she thought, just as you start yawning when somebody else yawns. But she felt she got very curious about the whole act, and had to admit to herself that the idea of just going to the toilet into your panties had something nice over it. A childish sense of freedom, or such.

Although she now could see Troi's wet dark blue panties clearly enough, she wished to have seen them just as they got wet. Very weird. Beverly shook her head to clear her mind and concentrated on reading tricorder readouts. Troi squatted in the middle of an expanding puddle on the floor, with her eyes closed and clearly swept off the world. Between her open knees, a quite visible stream ran from the lowest point of her stained uniform panties to the ground, making circles in the puddle. A single tear rolled down her left cheek. Troi was almost religiously happy.

Deanna inspected her dress for visible stains in front of the mirror in Beverly's quarters, while dr. Crusher herself sat on her sofa and sipped from a glass of Romulan ale. "It was great, Beverly. I've never before had so much fun in overflowing. You should try it yourself!" Beverly just sipped from her ale and thought about the tricorder results.

"Deanna, I fully agree that you practically orgasmed on the spot, but I don't know how much of it was purely psychological. The readings showed that your endorphines only went up after you got wet. If the intertwining of your urinal and sexual organs had to do with it, they should have risen before your panties got wet. It now looks not much different from what I would expect from a human." Deanna turned and shrugged: "So what? That makes our research tomorrow even more interesting. And suppose it indeed is not somatic, it would be great as a true therapy." She carefully sat down on a towel and relaxed in one of Beverly's chairs, keeping her knees together.

"I looked up the situation aboard the Enterprise at that time," Beverly changed subject. "A bit less than half females, most not yet in commanding positions. Only one female officer on the bridge, but a very capable one. We should keep low profile. I picked a date where the ship was orbiting Zenos II, to resupply. A group of physicians and other medical personnel from Starbase 42 was allowed aboard for field study and experiments. We can easily blend in." Deanna nodded. "Great work, Beverly. I'll study local and global news bulletins tonight to get up to speed with the historical details. And I'll get us remodelled tricorders that don't look space age to them."

She suddenly had an idea: "And what about their clothes? We'll need to have the same type of clothes as they do, of course." Beverly shrugged and turned towards her terminal. It was a living room model, with a lot less things to reconfigure, but in principle you could do everything with it. It had a remote control, and a much bigger screen. "Let's look at some log entries from that period." After a brief pause, they could look right at the Enterprise's bridge. "At least the males do not wear greatly different clothes," Beverly remarked. "Same colours, anyway."

Then a black woman walked through the picture. Beverly turned a bit green and could not suppress a sniff while Troi loudly giggled: "Yes! This time, you cannot escape, Beverly!" Dr. Crusher refused to give in at first, but after having viewed dozens of other log flashes, she had to admit that wearing a ridiculously short dress seemed unavoidable. "Do you have enough replicator quota left to get them right here?", Troi inquired. Beverly nodded, still not at all pleased with it. "Yes, go ahead, let them come. Jesus, we'll look like waitresses in a cheap bar."

