Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Male & Female Wetting and Exhibitionism.
Jenny could still hear Jerry banging around in the toilet behind the hut as she finished chapter 2 of her book. It was approaching 11 am and the sun was now high in the sky. With nary a cloud in sight, Jenny had taken the opportunity to move her stool outside in front of the hut to catch some of the rays. Little beads of perspiration formed on her flat, bronze tummy as she took in the heat and she wondered if her mother had taken the day off work since it was so beautiful outside. Jenny's mother, Sandie was also a looker. Only 37, she had Jenny when she was 18. Sandie never got the chance to go to college and raised Jenny herself, the result of a summer fling. She did have the help of her own mother, Jenny's grandmother Willow, who had Sandie when she was 18 as well, the result of free love at Woodstock. Willow was 55 and lived in the next town over. Sandie had worked at the local supermarket for most of Jenny's life but had landed a job at town hall a few years back that helped out a lot in paying for Jenny's college. Sandie never married but did date a lot of men over the years and always attracted their attention in her tight jeans. She worked out every day and had a butt you could bounce a penny off of. It was this butt that Jenny wondered if she was out tanning today. Usually on days like this Jenny could find her mother in the backyard in her thong bikini, face down on a towel. Jenny always found it funny that the old lady that lived next door to them never spoke to her mother and seemed to purposely ignore her every time she was outside. "What a curmudgeon!" Jenny chuckled, and was soon reminded of her rather full bladder. Jenny could see that her tummy was bulging a bit and she realized that she just might have to ask Jerry for a break. A rivulet of sweat ran down her inner thigh and Jenny pinched her crotch again just to make sure it wasn't pee. She barely saw the approaching couple out of the corner of her eye.
Frank admired the view in front of him as his wife Monique shuffled down the steep incline towards the Jet Ski hut. He was always amazed at how firm and muscular Monique's legs were, like those of an Olympian runner. She was a runner of sorts, a triathelete actually. She and Frank competed in triathlons all around the country and even overseas in the winter, and both were in fabulous shape. Frank had met Monique a couple of years ago at a competition in Australia and they instantly bonded. After a week of the wildest sex he had ever had, Frank decided that Monique was the one for him and he proposed a month later. They married in the spring of that year. Both still trained constantly and had no plans for a family yet. Frank loved Monique and Monique loved Frank, but Frank also secretly still desired other women and although he had been faithful to Monique since getting married, he had been looking into swinger clubs in the city and was hoping to broach the topic with Monique soon. Still, he knew that Monique could probably please him like no other; she was one of a kind.
Jenny caught herself crossing her legs and repositioned her stool as the thirty something couple approached the hut. The woman was tall, about 6'0" and looked to be in rock solid shape. Jenny could see the outline of washboard abs through the tight black one–piece she was wearing. She could also tell that she was clean–shaven as the woman's camel toe was fully visible, cutting the tight fabric down the middle between her huge legs. "Wow" Jenny thought, "She must be a dancer, or a runner." Jenny also noticed the man, slightly taller, about 6'2", shirtless and also with washboard abs. He had a cute tuft of dark chest hair and really firm biceps. For a moment Jenny thought she saw a small erection poking through his boarder shorts and saw that his eyes were firmly focused on his wife's ass. Jenny got the rental documents out of the folder and greeted them cheerfully, "Hello, welcome to Jerry's Jet Ski Rental, ready to get out on the water today?" The tall woman spoke first. "Hi, yes, absolutely, Frank and I have been waiting all winter for this, here's my card, where do we sign?" Jenny was pleased that they were going to make another rental but she decided that she was going to push for a lesson as well, to impress Jerry. "Well, wait for a sec, I'm Jenny and you are?" The tall woman looked at her husband and seemed a little distracted but then turned and said, "Oh, of course, I'm Monique and this is my husband Frank." "Hi", Frank said. "Hi there," said Jenny "have the two of you ever ridden a Jet Ski before?" "I have before in college, but it's the first time for Monique here" said Frank. "Well," Jenny continued, "maybe a short lesson for you then, Monique?" "Sure, I think so, yeah that would be good right Frank?" said Monique. "Of course honey," he said. "We have lots of time." Frank leaned over and kissed his wife right on the lips. Jenny giggled and said, "You're cute." Monique smiled but Jenny could sense that she was still distracted by something. "Ok," Jenny said, "here are the papers you need to fill out, and Monique just put a check mark in that box right beside where it says "lesson." "Ok," said Monique. Frank just stood there and smiled at Jenny, and she thought for a moment he winked at her. She smiled back but was once again reminded of her need to pee. She felt a pain in her abdomen and a wave of heat in her mons. Jenny could feel sweat forming on her brow now, as she knew she was close to losing it right there in front of this couple. She HAD to hold on at least until they were off on their jet skis and then maybe, just maybe, she could discreetly dip herself in the water for a moment and finally release her pent up pee. At this point Jenny knew she probably wouldn't make it all the way to the boardwalk toilets. She was about to give Monique the fastest Jet Ski lesson ever!
Monique finished filling out the papers for her and Frank and thought for a moment she caught Frank winking at Jenny in the hut. "Horny bastard," she thought. If only he knew that Monique was fully bi–sexual and that the whole time she had been married to Frank, she had been having a lesbian affair with the female trainer at her gym. There had been many hours lost in the steam room with Audrey, not to mention the afternoons at home when Frank was at work. The thought brought a smile to her face, but Monique was also feeling the effects of downing 2 water bottles that morning in the car. She needed a pee pretty badly now. She put a check mark in the "lessons" box and then put down her pen. "All done, I think we're ready but would you happen to have a toilet I could use first? I'm bursting." Monique put her hand on her crotch and did a little pee–pee dance, much to the surprise of Jenny. Frank just laughed. Jenny's heart was racing now, not only did she have to piss like a racehorse, but so did this "Amazon" woman! With a bit of a tremble in her voice Jenny said, "I'm sorry, our toilet is out of order right now, the pipes burst and my manager is fixing them, I also really need to go but the closest washroom is..." Jenny squeezed her eyes shut as her voice trailed off before completing the sentence. She had just felt a jet of hot pee spurt out of her urethra and feared that a small wet patch had appeared on her bikini shorts. Monique saw this too, a short jet of liquid clearly shot from Jenny's blue crotch and hit the dirt ground beneath her feet. Monique was barely controlling the flow herself. "The boardwalk." Monique said, completing Jenny's sentence. "Girl, do you need to pee too?" "Yes, badly, I'm sorry about that." Jenny said, "I shouldn't have drank so much coffee this morning and I've been dying for a pee ever since I got here, but the toilets have been completely out of order and it's my first day, and I'm trying to make a good impression and all, and..." Monique cut her off, "Well, you've started to wet yourself now and you obviously won't make it so you might as well continue to piss your pants, we don't mind, do we Frank?" "Absolutely not." Frank laughed. Jenny for her part was incredulous at what she had just heard. Did this lady and her husband just tell her to pee herself right there in front of them? "Well, I don't know, don't you find that gross?" Jenny replied. "No, absolutely not Jenny," Monique said, "it's just pee, totally sterile and clean, and in fact if you don't mind I'm going to go right here too." "In your bathing suit?" Jenny said, now feeling a bit dizzy and wet not just from pee but something else too. "Of course, I almost never use the toilet for number one, I was just trying to be polite by asking, but since it's broken..." Monique didn't finish her sentence but instead spread her legs apart and within seconds Jenny watched as a small fountain of fresh, yellow morning pee erupted from her tight cameltoe and squirted out like a fountain in an arc onto the ground below. She was pushing and her strong pelvic muscles allowed her to squirt nicely. Jenny was mesmerized as the fountain turned into a veritable waterfall as Monique's entire bladder emptied through her one–piece, down both legs, and into a foaming yellow–tinged puddle between her feet. "Ahh!" she said, "That feels better, Frank do you have to go?" She looked over at her husband and he smiled and said "Already going babe." and Jenny watched as this muscular, mature, grown man totally soaked the front of his boarder shorts with a pee equally as long and strong as his wife's. Jenny felt her knees buckle as she let another sharp stream of piss go in her bikini. She was finding herself to be soaking wet and not just from pee but also her sex juices. She couldn't believe she was getting turned on. Her mind raced, all the times the year before in college when she had wet herself it was never a turn on, just funny or silly, sometime even a little bit icky feeling. Now though Jenny was feeling all new sensations and she felt if she didn't let go of her bladder right away, she would orgasm right there and probably piss herself anyway. Monique could see the wide look in the young 19–year–old girl's eyes as she contorted her body to hold back the inevitable. She said quite forcefully this time "Piss yourself Jenny, you can't hold it any longer!" and it was true, she couldn't. Finally, giving up the fight Jenny surprised herself by saying "Watch" and she looked down, bent her knees and the let go of the hold on her bladder. The piss rushed out, completely saturating her bikini shorts front and back and even wicking up towards her waistband. Down below the yellow torrent was covering both legs like a spilled can of paint and her feet were totally soaked in the ever–growing puddle of her steaming piss. The liquid gold in her bladder continued to flow and flow and Jenny looked up to see Monique also adding to her golden stream. Both girls continued to piss and eventually the two puddles met and formed a large one. Jenny shuddered when she finished and Monique secretly felt her pussy lips quiver as she had a small orgasm right there. Frank quietly pumped a sticky load of cum into his shorts, still aware of Jenny's presence but enjoying it all the same. The puddles quickly soaked into the dry soil beneath them. Jenny sighed. "Now, isn't that better? You're ready to give me a proper lesson on the Jet Ski, much more than before," Monique said. Jenny started to bring herself back to reality, a little light headed still and not sure if she had cum or not. "Yes, thank you." Jenny said. "Much better." She was just started to feel the warm urine cool around her mons. "Let's go dip ourselves in the water and then we'll be nice and clean." Monique said. All three went out towards where the Jet Skis were moored and went waist deep into the water beside them. Jerry peeked his head out from behind the hut and waved at the threesome. He had been so busy working on the plumbing in the back that he had no idea about the waterworks display that had just occurred on the other side. All he knew was that Jenny was working out fabulously and seemed to be very helpful to the guests.
A few minutes later, Frank had boarded his silver jet ski and Jenny and Monique were on the red one. Monique was in the front at the handlebars, with Jenny behind her giving direction. Both jet skis started up their motors and Frank quickly navigated the channel out to the open water. Jenny did the same with Monique, guiding her out of the river and into the open sea of the beach. When Jenny felt that Monique was comfortable enough with the controls she told Monique to stop so that she could jump off and swim to shore. As the engine growled to a halt Jenny removed her arms from around Monique's waist. Just feeling the firmness of Monique's mid–section was making Jenny feel sticky down there again. Monique was loving it and if she knew Jenny better she would have gladly asked her to cup her firm breasts on the ride out of the channel. Still, she was satisfied that she and Frank had shared a piss with this beautiful college girl named Jenny. As Jenny jumped into the water beside the jet ski, Monique turned to her and said, "Thanks so much for the lesson, I'm on my own now I guess," and then she continued, "you know, Frank and I aren't freaks or anything, we just don't think you should torture yourself over a full bladder. I'm glad you could let go." Jenny laughed, smiled and said "Well it DOES feel a lot better now for sure, but do you really do all of your number ones in your pa..." Jenny's sentence was cut short as the Jet Ski engine roared to life and Monique accelerated into the waves, waving at Jenny as she went. She stood up and Jenny could see that Monique's one–piece had gathered in the back so that it was almost a thong now. "She DOES have a nice butt" Jenny remarked to herself. She watched as Monique caught up to Frank in the deeper water. Jenny was up to her shoulders in the water and realized she had just a little more pee left in her. She let go right there, pushing hard and feeling the cool water around her legs warm up for a brief moment. It was a nice feeling, she thought. Then Jenny swam to shore and returned to Jerry's. When she got there she saw her mother Sandie standing near the mooring, talking to Jerry. Her mother looked fabulous as always, dressed in designer low–rise jeans and a frilly top that was tied in a knot just below her ample breasts. Her tanned midsection and toned belly was showing, right down to where the jeans dipped at the front just above her pubis. Sandie was always shaved bald so that she could wear outfits like this. "Jenny! Looks like you've been in the water!" Sandie said. "Yep, I just gave my first lesson," replied Jenny. "The new bikini looks great on you Jenny." "Thanks mom, you bought it," replied Jenny. "Yes I did, and how about we go do some more bikini shopping after lunch, I've just asked Jerry if you can have the afternoon off and he said yes." "Yeah, I got the plumbing fixed so I can man the hut on my own for the rest of the day, you did good today Jenny, I'm very impressed." Jenny looked over in front of the hut and was relieved to see that the puddles of piss the threesome had made had completely dried up. She figured that Jerry had no idea what had happened. "Thanks," said Jenny, "it was awesome, I'm looking forward to tomorrow!" "Cool" said Jerry. "Well hon, let's get going, I've got the afternoon booked off and the credit card is at the ready!" said Sandie. And so, Jenny and Sandie strolled up the boardwalk towards their favourite restaurant.
The END.
By: The Golden Alchemist