A few weeks ago, my class went to a factory for germs and such things in Vienna. We went there by bus, and the ride took about 3 hours. In the bus, I was sitting next to Anna, and with about 30 minutes left in the ride, I was beginning to catch first signs of growing desperation. First she was just sitting cross–legged, but soon she started to move them against each other and banging her knees. After a while, she started to look very distressed and I asked her if she was OK. She said: "Yeah, I just have to go to the toilet real bad. I hope we get there soon." This really got my attention. She continued to wiggle her legs around, and it seemed that her need was growing, as when we where nearly there, she started to press one hand into her crotch for a second. Finally we got there, and we all got off. It turned out that we were half an hour early, and that we were not allowed in until then. Anna sighed and said to me: "I can't wait until then. I need a toilet." "Let's go then, I gotta go too," I said. It turned out that she was not alone, because five other girls and 2 guys came along with us. So on we went, searching for a loo. I took the time to survey the other girls. Two of them, Maria and Sandra, seemed to be in similar distress, because they were both taking really small steps and telling everyone to hurry up. After another 10 minutes, in which Anna was growing really desperate, we finally approached a McDonald's restaurant and rushed in. When we passed the loos, I noticed a shield on the ladies, saying, "out of order, please use the men's toilet". My heart jumped on that sight. I and the other 2 guys left the girls to discover the bad (or good, for me) news on their own and continued into the men's' room. It was a small loo, with only two stalls and 4 urinals. When we got in, both of the stalls were occupied, and one girl was waiting to use them. One of my friends just had to pee, but the other announced that he "had to take a bad dump, real bad" and lined up for the stall, as did I, waiting for our girls to come in. And in they came, with Anna in the lead and the others close behind. Upon seeing us stand there, Anna made a face like she was going to pee her pants any minute and bent over slightly. "What's the matter?" I asked. "The ladies' are out of order, and I really have to pee." "Me too!" shouted Sandra. "I can wait", I announced. In the meantime, a small girl had cleared one stall and the other girl had walked in. When the other stall flushed, Anna asked my friend if she could go first, but he said he really had to crap and went in, only to let out a big fart right away. Anna was now standing cross–legged, slightly bent over, her little skirt just below her cute little butt. She was obviously really bursting, because she was stammering "gotta got, gotta go" all the time and knocked on the stall door continuously. Behind her in line was Sandra, who also had her legs tightly crossed. Maria in turn was doing a pee dance, shifting from side to side and running on the spot. The other three, Brigitte, Elisabeth and Eva were quite all right, although Eva began to shift her legs around too. After 2 more minutes, the girl cleared the stall finally, and Anna hobbled in and closed the door, then immediately I heard pee gushing into the bowl. She was peeing forcefully, and apparently it made things worse for Sandra. She shouted to the guy in the other stall: "Get out! I have to go now!" "You'll have to wait," came the answer. Sandra moaned aloud and told Anna to hurry up, but she showed no signs of stopping. Maria was in trouble now, too. She had one hand firmly pressed into the front of her tight jeans and made hissing sounds. When Anna finally stopped peeing, she hobbled over to the stall and in front of Sandra. "Hey, I am next," Sandra said. "I gotta go first! I'm peeing my pants!" said Maria. "I don't care. I need to go so bad!" I had not paid any attention to the other three girls, but suddenly Brigitte started to grab herself and said to Elisabeth "I need to take a piss so bad, I can't hold it much longer." "I need to take a dump as well. I hope they are quick!" With that they both went closer to the stalls, and shouted for my friend to hurry up in there. When Anna finally opened the door, Sandra and Maria both tried to get into the stall, but Brigitte was quicker and closed the door before their faces. Sandra and Maria watched surprised, and just then Elisabeth ran into the other stall, which was cleared by the guy just then. That left the two girls to squirm outside, and when they heard the two in the stalls pissing, they sighed. Sandra seemed to reach her bursting point by now; she had both hands in her crotch and ran on the spot frantically. Maria also held herself with two hands and shifted her legs constantly, but suddenly she froze and said: "Oh my God, I can't hold it any more! Hurry up, PLEASE!!!" "It's gonna take a while", replied Elisabeth from the stall. "I can't wait!" With that Maria hobbled over to a urinal, lifted her short skirt and pulled down her panties. She sighted with relief as she released a forceful stream into the urinal, and I almost came on the sight. That and the fact that Brigitte flushed the loo were too much for Sandra, she suddenly stopped moving and then begun to unzip her tight jeans frantically with one hand, while pressing the other on her peehole. When the door opened, she dropped her pants and I could see a little wet spot spreading quickly on her white panties. She made a dash for the stall and I saw her yank down here panties just as she reached the stall, trailing trickles of pee. When she reached the stall, she almost fell onto the bowl, releasing the strongest stream I had ever heard. With all this action, I was as hard as a brick, and ready to cum on the spot. Eva was still waiting, and I asked her if she was OK. "Yeah, I gotta pee, but not that bad," she said, pointing at Maria, who was just finishing off at the urinal. When Brigitte came out of the stall, she entered and peed, and so I waited alone to see a sobbing Sandra exiting her stall with no wet patch on her jeans. I waited for Eva to come out, as the other stall was flooded with Sandra's piss, then sat down and jerked myself off with a few moves. 
Tracid