Julie 2: Sun, Sea, Sex and Piss. 

By: Dickie

(This is the second story in my Julie series. It develops the theme from Julie One and introduces several new ideas. The main themes are our joint exhibitionist urges and our fear of indulging them; and the pleasure we get from being wet and seeing others wet with water as well as with piss. As well as watersports there are early hints of the bisexual side to both of our natures. Enjoy or avoid)

After our first terrific wet session Julie and I had compared notes. I found out that she had been wetting herself since she was fifteen and she told me the stories of some of her adventures, making me jealous of the way she could get away with a lot more when wearing a skirt as her outer clothes could remain dry whilst the piss poured down her legs. Also she had sometimes been blatantly bold, letting go in a classroom, and in the plastic chairs of a pub garden. I was the only man she had ever shared it with, apart from the public 'accidents' which she had passed off as being sick, drunk or having a weak bladder. 

Julie admitted to being almost constantly damp since my first confession and to spending days planning our first wet evening in delicious fear and anticipation. 

Julie knows I like to leak a little into dark trousers when the mood takes me and often fondles my crotch when we meet to check if I am damp. Similarly I will, check her knickers; frequently finding them damp. Her wetness produces a great urge do likewise on my part and I have to work hard to avoid releasing too much and making an embarrassing stain. 

Julie's couch, with its special covers, became our usual venue for wet sex although we soon got a full set of waterproof covers for her bed. It mostly gets wet in the morning, rather than the evening, as I get a little sore if I'm wet all night and it's such a fag to have to get up to change the sheets. 

We agreed that neither of us had the "nerve" to wet ourselves publicly and therefor to keep our water games either indoors, or outside in lonely places where we were unlikely to be disturbed, some risk of discovery in the latter adds to the excitement; For convenience we both now keep a change of clothes in my car and often go for walks wearing black clothes or long coats. Black is rapidly becoming our usual colour and we are dressing more and more "Goth" like during our leisure time.

I was not expecting any wet excitement on the Saturday in early May when we decided to go to Brighton for some shopping. It was cool and cloudy at first and I dressed in tight faded blue jeans and a long sleeved tartan shirt with a grey T-shirt under it.

Julie looked cool in a pale blue cotton skirt with a floral print, a soft cream cropped top which revealed a lot of midriff and even more of cleavage, no bra, and a denim shirt hanging loose over it. Together we looked a straight if slightly adventurous couple as we went from shop to shop buying clothes and things for the flat; we seemed to need a lot of things as I had just moved into her place. We were not planning to wet, as far as I knew, and we both even used the toilet when we stopped off for a morning coffee. Shopping finished; we decided on a pub lunch.

By the time lunch had been consumed, together with several beers each, two things were different. Firstly we had drunk too much to drive home either legally or safely and, secondly, the sun had come out and it was getting very hot. We found the car park and deposited our shopping in the car.

"What now?" I asked "how about taking a look at the sea"

"I know what you want you dirty old man" Julie answered, "you want to see if you can see any girls swimming in pretty cotton dresses don't you? You want to ogle their titties and pussys through thin wet cotton, that's what you want."

"Not just cotton, silk, and nylon as well the thinner the better," I replied with a stage leer. I had told her of this little fetish of mine some weeks earlier.

"OK, I can relate to that, I like sexy women too - and there might be some real hunks in tight shorts as well."

"I hope so," I replied.

So we grabbed a carrier bag containing four of the bath towels we had just bought and, leaving the car in the car park near the shops, headed for the town beach on foot. It was nearly half an hour later that we got to the beach by the pier where the London trippers congregate; we had been distracted by several shops along the way. I was beginning to feel the effects of the beers on my bladder as we laid out on our towels on a fairly empty section of beach. There were several groups of young people nearer the water and hardly anybody behind us. The nearest people who could comfortably observe us were about ten yards away.

We had not bought swim suits with us and neither of us was wearing the sort of underwear which it would do to expose. Julie wore French knickers, of loose red silk with lace trimming which would flop aside to reveal all at the slightest provocation. I was not wearing any underwear at all so I did not have a choice unless we walked over a mile to the nudist beach. So all the undressing we could do on this very public beach was to remove our shoes, and my socks, and our shirts. I rolled up my jeans to my knees and we wandered to the water's edge and paddled a little, being careful to keep our clothes up out of the water; after all we were playing at being a 'normal' respectable couple. We then went and lay down on our towels. We kissed and cuddled a little, fairly decorously, and then settled down to view the talent.

Quite a lot of people had done as we had done, come to the beach after shopping without proper beach wear, and we focused our attention on one such group of six young women in their teens or early twenties who were camped just in front of us. They went to the edge of the water to paddle; screaming at the cold of the water and laughing and giggling as they held their skirts up out of the reach of the waves. Others rolled up their jeans or shorts as far as they could. There were quite big waves and inevitably their clothes got slowly wetter and wetter until several gave up and let go of their soaked skirts or stopped trying to keep already wet pants legs out of the water. 

Julie pointed excitedly at one pretty blond woman of about 17 who was wearing a light summer dress, white with little red flowers. This was just the sort of view I liked; I turned slightly sideways, towards Julie, to hide my quickly growing erection and studied the woman from behind my sunglasses. Julie reached between us and stroked my bulge, but her eyes were also on the blond. Her skirt was already wet to her waist and through it we could clearly see a gorgeous well rounded bum; white in contrast with her tanned legs and the thin black line of her thong briefs. An extra big wave rolled in and she squealed as it hit her full frontal, she turned towards the beach, and us, laughing and beckoning her more timid friends into the water. She had no bra on and her gorgeous rounded tits with big brown aureole and tightly erect nipples pressed against the wet cotton; oh my, oh perfection!

Julie's hand squeezed my engorged prick as I oozed pre-come into my jeans. I leaned over to kiss her in response but she pushed me away guiding my hand to her own nipples but keeping her gaze firmly on the "water nymph". We carried on watching both of us getting hornier and hornier as the girl went right into the sea, came out again, and dragged one of her friends in, The friend was wearing thin cotton shorts and a T shirt, they wet down nicely, showing a white lacy bra and matching knickers, but the effect was not quite so exciting as the reduction of the pretty dress to a sodden drape. 

The others in the group all followed over a period of about five minutes. A denim mini and halter top were soaked and a pair of white cycling shorts on a very skinny girl went almost completely transparent revealing a mass of black pubes. Some faded 501's wet in nicely. At one point their wearer turned towards the beach wet from the crotch downwards but with dry sides, just as though she had pissed herself; (perhaps she had who knows?) 

The sixth woman wore black leggings and a loose denim shirt which she held out of the water for a long time wading up to her waist and having it splashed by waves which had already wet the T-shirt she wore underneath. A larger than usual wave swamped it and as it was now pretty wet she gave up and let it flop into the water. Eventually all six were completely immersed and bobbing around about five yards off shore. All we could see was their heads and an occasional glimpse of wet clothing. The show was over for now.

There were other people also getting pretty wet, a really muscular guy in white jeans and a sleeveless red T-shirt was paddling with a small oriental woman wearing a loose shirt and thin baggy trousers. They were playfully splashing one another; until she went a bit too far, soaking his shirt, and he unceremoniously gathered her up and ran right into the water dunking her under and getting soaked to the waist himself. His jeans clung to him revealing the shadow of a thick black bush and an enormous circumcised prick straining at the thin white cotton of his jeans; evidently he was another man who wore no underwear. The woman's dark clothes clung too; revealing some nice curves and pretty little titties encased in a black bra but it was her man who definitely stole the show. We both enjoyed the sight immensely and I remarked that the size of his tackle went well his pectorals muscles.

When this couple had gone right in the water and no longer presented any sights of interest Julie turned her attention to me and we kissed long and slow. She then lay on top of me and started to rub herself gently up and down; masturbating me and herself through my jeans and her skirt. Ten minutes of this and I was almost ready to cream my jeans. Feeling slightly nervous I occasionally looked around to see if anybody was taking an interest. Most people had either not noticed or didn't care; however one guy in floppy shorts, who had sat down after us quite near bye, was surreptitiously playing with himself as he pretended not to look in our direction.

I was getting to the stage that I really needed a piss and Julie had drunk a lot more than I had, so I thought she must have been getting quite desperate. So when she sat up, swinging her legs forward and sitting with her pussy pressed hard against my bulge still straddling my lap and said "I really need a pee" I had a premonition of what was to come next.

"No!" I thought, "She wouldn't dare! not here! sitting on me, not amongst all these people!" Part of me really wanted her to, wanted to be obviously piss wet in public, wanted it so much it hurt; the other half was horrified by the thought of embarrassment. "No she wouldn't, she just wouldn't dare," I told myself.

Her skirt was lifted clear behind her and the front had ridden up so I could see her frilly knickers and bush curling through the lace where they were scrunched around my now enormous bulge. I could see that I had a slight damp mark of pre come where my helmet pressed against the faded cotton of my jeans. The red silk darkened a little, piss or vaginal juices I'm not sure which, and Julie rubbed this patch against my bulge increasing the size of my stain, I nearly came just the nagging fear of what might be to come next made me nervous and prevented an orgasm. 

"Oh god what will people think? I will be unmasked at last! No," I told myself "it won't happen."

I was wrong! She would dare, and it did happen!

She let go suddenly, with a pressured hiss, all over the front of my jeans. Her flimsy knickers offered virtually no obstruction and I was quickly soaked as the hot piss flooded through the denim and over my prick and balls. 

This was too much for my self control; sheer sensation overcame my nervousness and I shot my load almost instantly into my pants. As my erection subsided, and my own bladder pressure returned, I just lay there totally gobsmacked, ecstatic, petrified, and loving every second of it. I looked round slyly, our nearby wanker had turned on his side and arranged his bag in front of his crotch, I could see a tell tale shudder in his shoulder as he worked away furiously; yes he had seen all right.

After a few minutes just sitting there Julie reached for a towel, which she placed over me as she gently slid off, being very careful, I noticed with slight annoyance, not to sit on her skirt or let it rub against my wet jeans and become dampened. She reached for her purse and went off to buy us ice creams; behaving as though we had done nothing more than indulge in an innocent kiss.

So there was I sitting on the beach, a towel hiding my soaked jeans, eating an ice cream and looking around to see if anyone else had seen, no one was staring but several looked away pointedly most however were unaware or if they were they had decided not to notice. Julie sat beside me with barely wet knickers, looking as immaculate as she had when we left the house that morning. What was more I couldn't do a thing to get my revenge without revealing my wetness, I couldn't even get up to go to the loo; and now I REALLY needed to go.

I sat there and thought about it for a minute. "How about just pissing where I sit? I've done that before and could hardly get any wetter."

"No that wouldn't do; Julie would still look dry and I wanted REVENGE. Somehow I would get her back!"

My plotting was interrupted at this point by the glorious sight of six gorgeous, fully dressed young women emerging slowly from the sea with their thin clothes clinging tightly to them and the water pouring off them. I was quickly hard again and it became quite painful when, I'm almost sure, I saw one of them piss herself standing in the shallows. She pressed her legs together and gave a little shudder and then sat down and squeezed sea water through her clothes as if to rinse the piss out of them. We sat together and watched the group with Julie fondling my wet crotch under the towel. I cuddled up to her; acting sweetly as I considered my options.

She lay back down, spreading her skirt so that it just hid her wet knickers without touching them. I lay down also and then carefully rolled over keeping the towel over my wet ass and started to kiss her in earnest. Julie returned the kiss. From there I was able to work my way over on top of her until I was, in my turn, sitting astride her groin, on top of her immaculate blue skirt and making the first slight damp patch on it with the residue of her piss which remained in my jeans.

I pinioned her hands over her head in a traditional dominance position; "Now my naughty little miss princess, lying there looking so neat and smart, you think you are very clever don't you," I hissed in my mock villain voice, "did you really think you could get away with soaking me and keeping yourself looking perfectly dry?"

She quivered her lip and opened her big brown eyes wide. "Please mister don't wet my nice skirt it was new on today and it looks so pretty."

"Doesn't it just; but you should have thought of that before you used my jeans as a piss pot" I snarled. I then slowly and deliberately released my own piss through my already wet jeans and onto the front of her skirt. The stain spread up and sideways forming a puddle in the wide stretched part before dripping through and onto the towel. As my flood really got going I moved up a bit and it flowed over her hips and ran down the side of her skirt. Another stream poured over of her waste band collected in her bare naval.

Julie wriggled and shuddered in silent orgasm and pulled me down onto her; I immediately felt piss soaking into my T-shirt as I pressed against her. We kissed and cuddled for a long time. Our now mutual wetness was concealed by the bath towels and I managed to work her to another orgasm without it's being too obvious, or so I kidded myself. We then dozed in the sun for a while longer.

"OK what now miss not so smarty pants. How do we get out of this without losing all cred?" I asked eventually.

"There's only one thing for it we must go swimming," she replied, "we can use towels to hide our wetness on the way down."

"But it's cold in there." I like my water warm; ideally about blood heat.

"It's either the cold water or walk back to the car covered in piss."

Put like that I agreed it had to be done; I didn't really think this would work but couldn't think of anything better. So we chose a moment when there was nobody between us and the sea; the six water nymphs had gone back in the water and were bobbing a long way out. We held towels over our wet bums as we made a dash for the water, we plunged down the steeply sloping shingle into the sea, dropping the towels on the stones at the last minute. 

It was only ankle deep! The tide had gone down quite a lot during the last hour, and had almost reached the flat, low tide, sand. The people on the beach must have had clear view of our piss wet clothes as we waded through the shallows with the water splashing up our shins. We went about ten yards before it came up to our knees and we could soak each other by splashing. Only a very short time later we were both absolutely soaked and all signs of urine were obliterated for ever by the sea water. We waded further in giving the same kind of show to others that we had enjoyed watching before.

The water was so shallow that when we were fifty yards off shore we could still stand with the water only up to Julie's shoulders. Here we fondled each other and kissed again. This was fulfilling my second best fantasy, my best is already regularly fulfilled by Julie pissing in my lap; that of bathing fully clothed with a beautiful woman and fucking her in the water. I unzipped and, lifting her skirt, pressed my monster erection against her knickers. Julie hung onto me, almost weightless in the salty water, and wrapped her legs around me. I then reached down and pulled her knickers aside. Compared to the cold sea water her pussy was scalding hot as I slid in to it; soon I was thrusting in and out with long smooth strokes. 

This fuck took a long time, the cold water was highly arousing but not conducive of release, and we almost had to part on several occasions as other swimmers approached. I think they must have guessed what we were doing but none were so rude as to come too close or stare too openly. One couple, the stud in the white jeans and his oriental woman friend, did come a bit close and we stopped for a moment until they too started kissing. We decided that they were probably doing the same as us and it was this thought that encouraged us to renew our efforts. We came together soon afterwards.

Coming out of the water I felt great, totally drained and weak at the knees, but good none the less. Julie tucked me into my jeans and zipped me up when we got to waist deep so that I wouldn't get arrested. We both pissed again when we got to knee deep, dipping down to rinse it away in imitation of the other girl. 

The crowd had thinned quite a lot but several of those remaining seemed to appreciate our appearance as we emerged; there were a good number of bulging swim shorts as the men and boys eyed her breasts through the totally inadequate coverage of her thin cotton top. Several women also stared approvingly in our direction. 

Our six nymphs were still on the beach, drying themselves as best they could without towels; sweaters and over shirts being used to dry hair and faces. The pretty one in the flowery dress winked at us, a slow deliberate wink, as if to say; "I - know - what - you - did"; but whether she was referring to the fucking or the pissing I cannot say. 

We sat around for a while and used our towels to sort of dry off before donning our shirts and making our way back to our car. We weren't the only very damp people doing the same; but we were the only ones who had just pissed all over each other. Or were we?

That was the beginning of our competition to each embarrass the other without losing too much face ourselves. This was Julie's round and we agreed it was a draw on points. Next it would be my turn to start the proceedings. 

When would I strike? When she least expected it that's when.

To be continued...............

