Irene is a tall sexy 49–year–old legal secretary. She has found time from her busy schedule to go a one day school reunion where a mock normal school day will be had by all attending for their pleasure (or so Irene thought).
It is an afternoon class and at lunchtime Irene has consumed 2 large glasses of coke and 2 bottles of water.
The first sign that the day isn't going as planned is about 15 minutes into the afternoon class when the woman sitting next to Irene, Celia, put her hand up and said to the teacher, "Please Miss Jones, Irene has just kicked me under the table."
Miss Jones looked angrily across to Irene and called her to the front of the class and said, "Irene, I am going to make an example of you, firstly I am going to confiscate your shoes and secondly you can stay behind after school for 2 hours detention."
Irene stood there stunned and then slowly removed her navy blue court shoes and handed them over, Irene felt so sexy yet vulnerable stood there in front of the class– she was wearing a white and navy blue patterned blouse, long navy blue skirt, sexy tan reinforced toe pantyhose, and under her skirt a pair of silky navy blue knickers. Irene then started back towards her desk, her bare nylon soles pressing into the carpet, when suddenly Miss Jones said, "Don't think that you will get your shoes back today either, you will have to come back and get them tomorrow."
Irene turned around horrified and said, "But Miss, how am I going to walk home?"
Miss Jones replied, "Well you are just going to have to go in your bare stocking feet aren't you?"
Irene went back to her desk and as she went past Celia she whispered, "You bitch."
Unfortunately Miss Jones thought that Irene was referring to her and said, "Right you can double that detention to 4 hours." Irene sat down, totally dejected, but the day was about to get a lot worse.
After about 10 minutes Irene began to feel a desperate urge to go to the toilet, her lunchtime intake obviously catching up with her. Irene raised her hand and said, "Please Miss, I need to use the toilet."
Miss Jones seemed pleased at Irene's request and replied, "You have only been back from lunch for 30 minutes– I know what you're trying to do you are going to leave school now to get out of detention, well no way, I will let you use the toilet once your detention is finished."
Irene looked at her watch and said desperately, "But that's 6 hours Miss, I can't wait that long, I'm getting desperate."
Miss Jones turned away and said, "Too bad, you will just have to cross your legs and wait."
As the minutes passed by Irene's desperation got greater and greater, she could hear the other women in the class laughing at her as she squirmed in her seat and franticly crossed her legs one way then the other desperately trying to hold back the torrents of pee aching to be released from her screaming bladder.
About 2 hours later just as school was about to end the desperation became unbearable, Irene thrust her one hand into her crotch, rubbed frantically at her pee hole, raised her other hand and begged, "Please miss, please let me go to the toilet, Oh God please let me go, I am so desperate, Ooh God please I'm bursting."
The other women in the class laughed and giggled at Irene's desperate state and Miss Jones said unsympathetically, "I've already told you, you can go after your detention– now sit down and be quiet unless you want another hour of detention."
Irene stood up, crossed her sexy nylon legs, bent over and thrust both hands into her crotch and rubbed franticly. "OOOOOOOHH PLEEEASE OH GOD PLEEEEEASE I've got to go, please don't make me wet my knickers PLEASE OOOOOH PLEASE."
Miss Jones turned around and said, "Right that's 5 hours detention– you are staying here till 9 pm tonight, any more of this stupidity and it will be even later."
Irene sat down helplessly just as the end of school bell rang, and all of the other women got up and left. Celia walked to the front of Irene's desk and said "I really need a pee, it will be so nice to go and relieve myself now but don't worry I will be thinking about you sitting here desperate and it's such a pity that you have got to walk home in your bare tan nylon soles." With that she turned away and laughed and left the room leaving Irene alone with Miss Jones.
Miss Jones walked over to the door and locked it and turned around and said to Irene, "Just in case you have any ideas about sneaking out."
Irene again sprang to her feet even more desperately this time, with her hand down her skirt pressing and grinding against the gusset of her tan tights and silky panties to relieve her aching pee hole which was about to overflow. "OOOOOH PLEASE MISS, PLEEEASE MISS, PLEASE– I'M BEGGING YOU– I'M GOING TO DO IT IN MY KNICKERS– LET ME GO PLEEEASE!"
By now Miss Jones was getting excited and enjoying Irene's predicament, she walked over to the side of the classroom and turned on the sink tap releasing a steady stream of water.
"OOOOOHH GOD PLEEEEEAASE MISS NOOOOOO, PLEEEEASE DON'T MAKE ME WET MY PANTIES!!!" Irene wailed as she began crying, started doing a frantic pee dance, and then even trying to run in one place, but as she did this the carpet tickled the soles of her sensitive tan nylon feet, which made it even worse. Suddenly a one second jet of pee squirted into Irene's knickers, "OH my God! I'm WETTING MY KNICKERS!"
By this time the school toilets would have been cleaned and locked up for the evening. Miss Jones knew this and said to Irene, "All right, you can go to the toilet now but I'm coming with you just in case you try to leave."
Irene looked at Miss Jones with a sense of relief. "OOH thank you Miss, but PLEEEEASE hurry! OH MY GOD IT'S COMING! I GOTTA GO!" Irene staggered out of the classroom and froze half way along the corridor as another three small jets of hot pee squirted out, overflowing her soaking silk panties and running down her nylon clad thighs. "OOOOH GOD I'm doing it! I gotta hold on!" Irene screamed hysterically.
Irene finally managed to reach the toilet and when she pushed the door it didn't move! She turned to Miss Jones and said, "OH MY GOD I DON'T BELIEVE IT THERE'S SOMEONE IN THERE! OOOOOOOH GOD NO!" Miss Jones stood there laughing and reveling in Irene's distress while Irene turned back to the door and knocked. "OOOH PLEASE COME ON THIS IS AN EMERGENCY," and about a minute later she knocked again "OOOH I'M GOING TO WET MY PANTIES! OOOH PLEASE, WHO IS THAT IN THERE?" Irene then walked away from the toilet door with her stocking soles slipping on the polished floor as she did a frantic pee dance. Then, she turned back and ran to the locked door hammering desperately, "OOOH PLEEEEASE LET ME IN!!
I can't wait any longer!!! I HAVE TO GO NOW! PLEEEEASE I'M WETTING MYSELF!!! OOOOOH I CAN'T STOP!"
But it was too late, Irene stood there with torrents of pee running down her legs, skirt, knickers, and pantyhose, all getting totally saturated. As she finished Irene whimpered, "Oh my God, I've wet myself."
As she looked up Miss Jones said, "Oh well you never know, your humiliation may not be complete yet!"
"What do you mean?" cried Irene.
"Well you've got 4 more hours of detention in which anything can happen and then you've got to walk home in just those pretty tan nylons, it's a shame really."
But that's another story.
Tully in Black