Title: The Battle of Wills

By: Squirm.

My name is Angela. My friend Fiona and I work together in a busy office, and often go for a drink together after work to wind down. One evening we were sitting in the pub, drinking lagers, and I became aware of the growing need to visit the ladies'. I squeezed my thighs together a couple of times, and noticed Fiona quickly glance down at my legs, then away again. She was jogging one leg up and down at intervals and I suddenly thought, hey, we BOTH need to go.

We'd last been at about 11 in the morning, and had both had several cups of coffee in the afternoon. Add those to the lagers and, well we must both be at about the same stage. I decided to hold off, to say nothing, and let's see who would have to go first. "Another?" said Fiona, I nodded and she headed for the bar. I watched her. She leant against the bar, left leg straight, right leg swinging gently from side to side. Every so often she gave a sort of little bob then crossed her right leg hard across her left. My own bladder was now bursting, and I but my elbows on the table and began bouncing my thighs together.

Well two more pints later and we were both struggling. Neither of us had mentioned a thing, yet by now we both must have known without a shadow of a doubt. Each gulp of lager seemed to go straight to my bladder but I was determined to win this battle of wills. I drained my last mouthful, "Another?" said Fiona with a broad grin. I nodded as confidently as I could and grinned back. This time she went and sat at the bar on a bar stool, legs crossed, I could see little shivers going up and down her back and she was massaging her fingers into the palms of her hands.

By now I was sweating with the effort, every moment was spent concentrating on holding in my pent up pee. Only the knowledge that Fiona was in an equally bad plight stopped me from rushing into the loo. I curled my toes hard into my shoes and bit my lip to try and divert my mind.

The next pint of lager was the longest drink I have ever had. We had given up our pretence at conversation and sat in agonised silence jiggling and squirming on our seats. The last mouthful went down and I decided to finally call Fiona's bluff. "Walk you to the bus-stop" I heard myself saying, and saw the look of surprise on her face. "OK" she said.

I hoped that the enforced movement of walking would help, and it did. But then we arrived at the bus-stop and a wait of who knows how long. We stood side by side, gazing up the road, both dancing uncontrollably, hands jammed between our thighs, heedless of all the folk in that crowded bus-stop. We glanced at each other, but it would have been fatal to laugh. Fiona lasted about five minutes. "Oh" she suddenly said, and stood stock still. I saw the stream of urine running out of her short skirt, pouring down both legs and into the gutter. Looking at this I lost control, and we just stood and emptied our aching bladders. I had won, just. The thrill of the competition, the spontaneity of it, the fact that we never even mentioned what was going on in our knickers, was a huge turn-on.

Days at work were transformed from then on, but that's the next story.

Regards, Squirm

