Note: This story contains Male Desperation, Male Wetting and Humiliation
I finally worked up the courage to have a public wetting "accident". I decided on a mall as the location. I didn't want to use a mall near my home for fear of being seen by someone I know, or worse yet someone who is friends with my wife. I had some errands to complete first; bank, post office etc. I drank water as I drove from one location to another. When it was time to drive to the mall I picked up two beers and another water for the ride. The mall is located in Dutchess County, New York, about 30 – 40 minutes from my home. As I was driving I could feel the pressure building.
Driving on the highway kept my mind focused and I paid little attention to the building pressure. When I exited the highway and stopped at the first traffic light I became aware of the pressure. As I drove north on route 9, I had to stop for quite a few lights before I arrived at the South Hills Mall.
By the time I was waiting at the light to turn into the mall I was pretty desperate. I parked and entered the mall through the Media Play store. Walking was easing my desperation. I decided to browse the shelves. Standing still because of unbelievable desperation, I wasn't even seeing what I was looking at on the shelves. I exited the store and proceeded to walk around inside the mall. As I stopped to window shop, the pressure was really mounting. I decided to relieve the pressure and let a few squirts out, maybe 3 or 4 seconds worth. I was wearing jeans and pair of white cotton underpants. The underwear absorbed most of the pee, a faint wet mark appeared just below the fly of my jeans. I decided to sit down and see what kind of effect that would have on my bladder. The process of sitting caused pain around my bladder, making me feel quite desperate. I found myself fidgeting like crazy when tried to sit still; it was impossible to hold it in and a few more squirts ended up in my pants, but the stain on the front of my pants didn't get any larger. I wanted to see if I could sit still without letting any pee out. I decided to see if I could remain still for as long as it took a woman that was about 100 feet away to reach where I was sitting. It was brutal, but I was doing pretty well. When she stopped to window shop, I was in agony but I was determined to sit still until she reached me. I was able to sit still, but I could not hold it any longer. As she was approaching I was letting squirt after squirt after squirt go. When she finally reached me I allowed myself to fidget. The wet spot on my jeans got only a little darker though. Then I felt it. The wet spot wasn't getting darker because I was sitting!! I felt the warmness in the seat of my pants, and as I rose I could feel it with my hands. Oh my God – the wet spot was pretty big. I wanted to see if anyone would notice. I entered a dentist's office located right inside the mall. I approached the counter to ask to use the bathroom. There were 5 or 6 people seated in the waiting room, and as I stood at the counter they could see my wet behind. I asked the receptionist if I could use their bathroom. She told me the mall bathroom was located in the middle of the mall and I told her that it was out of order.
She directed me back to Media Play. I told her that I tried there but they had told me that it was for employees only. She told me that the dentist's bathroom was for patients only, and then she told me to hold on, she was calling mall security to verify that the mall bathroom was out of order. I told her it was an emergency – and it really was!!! She just held up a finger and concentrated on dialing and listening to the phone ring. I hadn't fidgeted since I entered, but the conversation kept me focused. I looked over my shoulder and I could tell that the patients in the waiting room were listening to my conversation. The receptionist was still on the phone, she was transferred to mall maintenance. I couldn't hold it. I started to pee and I couldn't stop it. I didn't know what to do – I froze and I could feel myself turning red. The receptionist, I think, sensed something was amiss. She got up and pointed to the hallway and told me the bathroom was at the end.
I told her it was too late. Either I said it too low or she couldn't believe it. She said "WHAT??!!" I looked over my shoulder and could see the people staring at me. I looked back at her and just shook my head. She approached as I turned to leave. I was really embarrassed but I wanted to see the reactions of the people. They just stared in amazement. I heard the receptionist call one of her co–workers – "Hey, Sylvia, come look!" I left the office and started to walk toward the mall exit. As I rounded a corner, I could see 2 attractive women about 10 feet away. My predicament must have been very obvious – they just stared in disbelief. As I passed them I heard them giggling and when I turned to look at them, they had stopped walking and were staring and laughing. I went to my car and spent the 40– minute ride home in my soaked jeans. It was a very humiliating experience and definitely worth it.
George