Wen Zhao (Desperation On The Field Trip)
	Posted on February 8, 2016
by Neville

Wen Zhao was a very pretty Chinese girl, around 25 years of age, who was a geology student. Now she was abroad for the first time during her studies, on a field trip in Brazil. This was the first day on the field trip, and the weather was very hot.

The heat made Wen Zhao and the other participants need to drink quite a lot of the water they were carrying with them in bottles. At the same time, she was somewhat reluctant of drinking too much, as she was quite shy about going to the toilet and worried about how she should do when out in the bush.

They were supposed to be out all day looking at rocks at various stops out in the countryside, driving along narrow gravel road in their three vehicles, and passing small villages. There was not much chance for a toilet stop anywhere; they were having a picnic lunch at one stop, and she would either have to go out somewhere behind a bush if she needed to pee, or wait until they came back to their hotel in the evening. Because of her shyness, she preferred the latter, and tried to keep drinking to a minimum in spite of the heat, in order not to fill up her bladder.

This went surprisingly well for most of the day, perhaps since she lost a lot of water through sweating instead. After the last stop of the day, at around 4 in the afternoon, she felt a bit of pressure in her bladder, but nothing close to desperation, in spite of not having been to the toilet since 9 in the morning when they left their hotel. As they passed a village on their way back, they made an extra stop at a store, in order to buy some more mineral water, juice or ice cream, before heading back to the town where they were staying overnight.

Wen Zhao was quite thirsty, and bought a juice bottle to drink. She looked a bit around to see if there was a toilet, since she had started to feel the pressure in her bladder by now, but since this was a store, not a cafeteria or a restaurant, there did not seem to be a toilet for customers, and she was too shy to ask (and probably did not know what to say in Portuguese). Besides, she figured it would only be an hour or so before they got back to the hotel, and she should be able to hold it that long, even if she drank some orange juice now to quench her thirst.

After they were finished, they got back into their vans, and started to drive back. They were still out in the country, driving along quite bad and bumpy gravel roads. Whenever they came into some village, there were frequent additional speed bumps. By now, Wen Zhao started to feel the pressure in her bladder quite strongly, and the frequent bumps made her feel very uneasy and uncomfortable in her bladder, and longing to get to a toilet. She regretted the last orange juice she had drank.

Finally, after maybe 45 minutes drive, they reached the main four-lane highway leading into the bigger town where their hotel was located. Wen Zhao felt relieved (at least mentally) to be driving along the smooth and fast highway, not the bumpy gravel roads, and with not more than half an hour back to the hotel and to the toilet she now needed quite badly. But after just a few minutes, there was a queue in front of them, they had to slow down, and soon the traffic had come to an almost standstill. Apparently, there had been a traffic accident somewhere ahead of them, or perhaps some road construction blocking the traffic.

The traffic in both lanes were either moving very slowly, just creeping ahead, or standing completely still. Wen Zhao got more and more nervous, as she felt the pressure in her bladder building up more and more, until she was almost bursting. She looked around in desperation. Would it be possible to stop somewhere along the road so she could get out and relieve herself, at a gas station, a cafeteria, or in the worst case just at the side of the road. But they were in the left lane, so it would be difficult to get to the side of the road and stop. And to the left, in between the two traffic directions, there was a strip of grass with some occasional trees, but no dense bushes to hide herself behind. And it was still daylight, so she could not be hiding in the dark.

Finally, after about one hour holding herself in the queue, she had to ask the driver in front of her if it would be possible to make a stop somewhere and let her out, since she needed to pee very badly. The driver, though, said it would be difficult to stop here, since they were in the left lane, and the traffic was moving most of the time, although very slowly. But perhaps the traffic would soon start moving again at higher speed, so they would get back to their hotel, or they could stop at a gas station some bit ahead, where she could use the toilet.

But by this time, Wen Zhao was desperate to pee, and could not hold it much longer. The others in the van, five guys and one a bit elderly woman, was watching her rock back and forth in her seat, and moan quietly to herself in agony. Finally, the woman next to her suggested that she should use her empty juice bottle to relieve herself in, inside the car. Wen Zhao shook her head, tears in her eyes, saying she could hold on. When nobody was seeing, she carefully unzipped her jeans in the front, to relieve a bit of the pressure from outside on her bulging bladder. But that did not help much. A few minutes later, she turned to the woman and, in a whispering tone, asked her to help her with the bottle.

The woman spread her jacket in Wen Zhang’s lap, so that she could carefully pull down her jeans and underpants underneath the jacket, without being seen naked. She then handled the empty juice bottle to Wen Zhang, who was sitting on the front edge of her seat with most of her private parts over the floor of the van. Most of the guys in the car were aware of what was happening, and tried to peak through the corner of their eyes to the pretty but desperate Chinese girl, as she carefully placed the bottle between her thighs.

The van was moving slowly ahead, shaking a bit as it moved, and even if Wen Zhao’s bladder was bursting, it was very difficult for her to relax so that her pee started flowing. She had to keep her balance, she was very shy about the others in the car noticing what she was doing, and she was afraid her pee would get on the outside of the bottle and onto the floor. She pressed and moaned and groaned, tears in her eyes, but for at least two or three minutes nothing would come. Then there was a small squirt, and one more as she really pressed, but nothing more. She was almost going to give up. Then finally another small squirt, but the sound it made in the plastic bottle made her almost automatically hold back again with embarrassment. A couple of more loudly squirts followed, making the guys in front turn themselves towards her.

Then, suddenly, the flood started, with a loud hissing sound, whether she wanted or not. She could not hold it back anymore. Nobody in the van could miss the loud revealing sound of her pee flowing with full force into the bottle. Unfortunately, the mouth of the bottle was very narrow and difficult to aim correctly, and soon pee started to flow on the outside of the bottle, down into her pants, or down on the floor. As the 500 ml bottle got filled up, almost everything continued to flow down on the floor, creating a puddle of urine around Wen Zhao’s feet. But she could not help it anymore, she just kept letting it flow until she had finally emptied her bladder totally.

