Dating A Girl In College Who Never Peed
	(41-45 year old man)
Posted by sarah90 on February 1st, 2010 at 1:16PM

I met Joan when I was a sophmore in college. She was assigned a seat next to me in a large class in advanced mathematics (Integral calculus).The lectures lasted for 2 hours in late morning after another class in chemistry. She was there also. By the end of that class we had a break for lunch. One day after talking to Joan about some things in the course. (She was an A student.) I invited her to go to lunch off campus.) She agreed. I really had a crush on her. Usually, after class I would go to the men's room to empty my full bladder. The last time I pissed was about 7 in the morning. So it was 5 hours since I had gone. I hoped that she would also. I was too shy to say to her that I needed to go. She didn't. Full bladder or not we went out. We walked about a half a mile to the restaurant. That was the first of many dates. I was proud of myself for asking her to go with me.

After a pizza and salad, we talked and talked. By 2 o'clock my bladder was bursting. Fortunately she had a chem lab. So after 7 hours of holding I went to a nearby men's room. A large class had just left the lecture hall. The men's room was crowded. I was somewhat pee shy. I stood at the urinal and not a drop came out. Two guys were standing on either side of me were talking. After trying to piss I left that men's room and went to the library. I went to the third floor to a men's room that was seldom used. I peed there for a minute and half. A few weeks after we had some brief dates, I invited June to spend a weekend with me at a place in the mountains where we did some hiking along a trail to a nearby lake, blue and crystal water that came down from a glacier above us in one of Colorado's Rockies. 

We had stopped for lunch on the way up. I asked her after lunch whether she would like to use the restroom. She said that she didn't. I excused myself to empty a full bladder. It had been 5 hours since I went before we left the college. I wondered why she didn't have to go. By the time we got back to the hotel, it was about 4 hours since I had peed. We got to our room. I told her I wanted to shower. A peed again there. Still she hadn't emptied her bladder. She didn't go into the toilet again. After dinner and a movie in the small town, we were both tired. I went to the bathroom before we went to bed. She didn't. It was about 14 hours since we left the college. We loved each other. I asked her why she didn't pee yet. She told me that she had inherited from her mother a very, very large bladder. She said that she only needed to empty that bladder once a day.

She held it until morning. The next morning I had my usual pee. After I went, I shaved. She came into the bathroom and sat on the toilet. She gushed like a water fall from the mountain. It went on for 4 minutes. She had relieved herself, she said, about 2 quarts of urine, i.e. about 2 liters. I was amazed. She loved to have a full bladder. After college we got jobs elsewhere in the west. We lost contact. I got married. My wife had a large bladder also. But she went to the toilet 3 times a day. I learned to do that also, morning, mid-afternoon, and bedtime. I enjoy holding a full bladder also. I outgrew my pee shyness although I avoid large public bathrooms full of men at many urinals emptying their full bladder.

