Title: The Police Raid
	Entry to: Month 27
By: Paul Tester

On a Friday night, there was only one place that Rachel ever wanted to be, the music bar of the Grey Horse. Dark, crowded with the right sort of people, and loud 'underground' music, it was just the place to relax and meet her friends after a hard week at work.

In the late 1960's, long hair and tight jeans still defined a 'hippy' lifestyle, and Rachel liked to think of herself as a hippy, though during the week she had to compromise to earn a living and maintain her independence. Though she did not have a boyfriend, she knew enough people there to have not qualms about going alone, and this Friday she had joined with two other regular couples. Shirley, a cute little dark haired girl wearing skin-tight white trousers, and her partner Dave, slightly plump and rather straight, Judy, a taller, blonde girl with a nicely rounded figure that filled her jeans to the brim, she was the archetype rich little hippy girl, with a permanent dreamy expression that suggested she was half stoned, and her new boyfriend Jim, tall, slim with long dark hair. Shirley was 22, 3 years older than Rachel, while Judy was always cagey about her age, and was thought to be just 16 and with rich parents who allowed her to run wild at weekends.

This particular Friday the bar seemed unusually crowded, and the group had retreated to one corner, out of the main crush, only leaving their haven to push to the bar for more drinks, pints of bitter for the men, halves of bitter or cider for the girls, or, as the beer had its usual effect, to visit the loos. 

Some time later, near to closing time, Dealer Chris and his girlfriend joined them, and they were just working out a deal when there was a sudden commotion at the entrance, then the music stopped and the lights were turned up. Navy uniforms, helmets and peaked caps were pushing through the crowded bar. It was a police raid. Judy, knowing she was too young to be drinking in a pub, swallowed the remainder of her cider in one gulp and put the glass down.

Dealer Chris reacted even more quickly, pulling a bundle out of his shoulder bag, dropping it on the floor and kicking it away. Four police made straight for the corner where Rachel and her friends were, and pushed them against the wall, demanding identification. Jim started to argue with them, demanding to know what they were accused of, which only served to infuriate the sergeant in charge.

"Ok!" he snarled, "if you want to be clever, we'll do it the hard way. I'm arresting all of you on suspicion of being in possession of illegal drugs. You'll all come down the station to be searched and charged." He quickly gabbled out their rights, and then told two of the constables to take them out to the police van. As they were being pushed to the door, Rachel noted that two police were guarding the entrance to the loos, and decided she would not be allowed to pee, though she was just beginning to feel the need.

They were pushed out of the door and into a 'black maria' waiting outside. Inside the van were three rows of hard wooded seats, where they were told where to sit, separated so they could not touch each other, and two police remained to guard them. Shirley started to say something to her boyfriend, and was immediately told to shut up. No talking was allowed.

Rachel sat in miserable silence, scared by the turn of events. She now quite definitely wanted a loo, beer combining with fright to fill her bladder. She crossed her long legs, wishing that she had not worn these old faded jeans, which were very, very tight. If she was to get really desperate, these jeans would press hard on her swelling bladder, and make her even more miserable. She clenched her bladder muscles, trying to make the sharp, urgent need a bit more bearable, and wished the police would hurry up and take them to the station, where, surely, they would be allowed to pee.

She looked at the others in the van; Shirley also had her legs crossed, and Rachel wondered if she wanted to pee as well. Not for the first time that night, she marvelled at how Shirley had managed to get into such a tight pair of trousers. She was proud of the way her jeans fit her, but Shirley's were in a different league. If they had been sprayed on, they would not have fitted her any closer, and surely it was deliberate provocation wearing black knickers under white trousers. Rachel had never seen such a tiny pair, just two small triangles joined with a waist string. 

Dave also had his legs crossed, and was looking very worried about the whole business. Not surprising, as he was really quite straight, and had a responsible job. Judy still looked her normal, dreamy, self, eyes half closed, and not crossing her legs, so the lucky girl probably didn't need a loo yet. Jim was sitting in the corner, looking sulky and aggressive, and Rachel hoped he would not say anything else to annoy the police. They hadn't done anything wrong, and all she wanted was to get the business done and be released' and to go to the loo, she was wanting to go quite badly now.

As time passed Rachel was becoming more concerned about the state of her bladder, which was filling extraordinarily quickly, even for her. She was already bursting, and if her kidneys continues working at this rate, she would simply have to have a pee soon. What the hell were they hanging about for 'Why didn't they take them down the nick , search them, find they were innocent, and let them go.

Oh yes, GO! was the word, she was bursting, she twisted her legs tighter and squirmed to try to find a more comfortable position. For the next ten minutes they sat there, hardly daring to move or say anything, wondering what would happen next. Rachel had progressed from bursting to desperate, and was really struggling to hold back her pee. She was just considering asking if she could go back in the pub and pee when Judy pre-empted her, and in her affected, timid little girl voice asked the policeman nearest her if she could go to the toilet.

"No way!" was the surly reply, "you're not going anywhere. Just shut up and cross your legs." The two police laughed at her suffering.

Judy was sitting in front of Rachel, and it seemed that even though she must be desperate to actually ask to pee, she wasn't crossing her legs. Shirley was, perhaps even more tightly that Rachel, and she was also gripping her knees, normally an indication of real desperation.

When the police burst into the Grey Horse, Judy was just reaching the uncomfortable stage when a loo visit could not be deferred much longer. When they were being arrested and taken out to the police van, and she had said nothing for fear of drawing attention to her having been drinking when underage. She thought they would be taken straight to the station, searched, found to be clean, and then let go with, at the worst, a warning. Instead they were kept in the van, not allowed to move or talk, for what seemed like ages. All too quickly she was desperate for a loo, and for Judy, that meant she was really struggling to hold in her pee.

Trying not to draw attention to herself, she tucked her right leg up, so she was sitting with her heel pressing between her legs. That was so much better, it took away the intense, urgent need to pee that had been building up, though it did nothing to ease the ache where her jeans were pressing on her bursting bladder. She was wearing a new pair of dark blue jeans, which were so tight she could hardly do the zip up. Now she was desperate the pressure on her bladder was becoming agony, and she wished she had worn her kaftan top, which would have hidden her undoing her zip.

She withstood ten minutes of rising desperation, as the cider worked its magic on her, until she felt she was reaching the point when she could not hold out any longer. They were still outside the pub, obviously waiting for someone else, and the more she thought of the loos in there, the more she knew she was going to have to go. After hesitating twice, until she was nearly wetting herself, she finally had to ask. She could not believe it when they refused to let her go. They just had to let her pee, she was desperate, she couldn't hold it much longer, didn't they realise that. She was about to plead with them when Dave began to argue with the police on her behalf, but this only made them more aggressive, and insistent that no-one was leaving the van.

Judy had been convinced the police would let her pee, and now she had been refused, she was frantic, trying to push down harder on her heel and block the intense urge to pee that was sweeping through her. She gripped the seat and pulled herself down, twisting her foot so the heel pressed right into her pussy, but despite this, she felt something give way inside her, and a little trickle of pee somehow leaked out into her knickers.

She was almost whimpering with the effort she was making to control herself, but two more trickles, each longer than the one before, escaped before she managed to clamp her bladder shut. She looked down; the crutch of her jeans was wet, but in the harsh light in the van, it was in shadow, and she could feel the wetness more that see it. The dark blue fabric did not change colour much when it was wet, so nobody else knew she had wet herself.

She hoped that having let some pee out, she would not be so desperate, but that did not seem to be the case, and it was only a few minutes later that another spasm from her bladder forced more pee past her heel. She tried to change her position so her heel was pressing harder into her, getting the hard sole of her shoe right against her pee hole, but nothing she did was able to hold it for long.

Her bladder was absolutely full to bursting point, and every time her body produced more pee, some had to leak out into her jeans. She could feel the wetness growing between her legs, soaking the back of her jeans and down the inside of the legs. So far, it still did not notice, and she made one mighty effort to clench her bladder shut and stop the leaks. It took all her strength to do it, but somehow she managed to hold on and regain some semblance of control again.

When the police arrived, Shirley had been about to go to the loo, and, worse, she had been putting it off until she really wanted to go, because it was such an effort to fight her way through the crush in the bar. Now in the police van, she was having plenty of time to regret not going earlier. Sitting with her legs tightly crossed, she could feel the throb of her bladder as it pressed against her trousers, and as the time passed, so the pressure, and the pain, increased. She clenched her thighs together and squirmed about on the hard wooden seat, trying to force her pee back, trying to find a position where her trousers were not pulled quite so tightly across her abdomen. 

When Judy asked for the loo, Shirley thought for a moment that her misery was over, and they could all piss, even if they had to go separately, and when she was refused, and the way she was treated, made Shirley realise that the pigs were probably doing it deliberately, getting a kick out of making these hippy girls hold their piss until they were in agony. She resolved there and then that whatever happened that night, she was not going to let the police know that she wanted to piss, and however long they kept them in the police station, she was not going to ask for a loo. She wished that Dave would shut up, arguing with the pigs never did any good, nor did pleading. 

Dave had been about to ask for the loo himself when Judy had beaten him to it. The beer he had drunk, and the shock of being arrested, had combined to fill his bladder to bursting point. He had never had great endurance, and he was fast approaching his limit. He had crossed his legs as hard as he could, trying to trap his cock between his thighs, but his need to pee had become more and more urgent, until he felt he could not bear to hold it back another second. After Judy's refusal, he had desperately tried to hold on longer, but he was at the end of his tether, and after less than five minutes fighting for control, he felt the first dribble of pee escape into his briefs.

Frantic, he pressed his hands into his lap to try and stop the flow, succeeding for a few moments, and then, as soon as he relaxed for a second, he let some more go. He was wearing navy cords, so the leaks were not really visible, but with more to come, he had to try to hide it as best he could. He squirmed about on the seat, pretending he was adjusting the fit of his tight cords, but actually trying to stretch his cock and push it down between his legs, so the next leak was directed downwards, soaking the seat of his trousers and not the front. If, he thought, he could let some of the terrible pressure in his bladder go like this, he might be able to last out until they were released, or even allowed to pee at the police station after they had been searched. 

Like Shirley, Rachel was determined not to let anyone know she was desperate. They were being deliberately refused a loo, and if that was how the police got their kicks now, she was not going to let them see her in trouble. She tried to cross her legs even more tightly, shut her eyes and concentrated on holding back what was becoming a very desperate need. She heard a girl shouting and swearing outside, then the door opened and two police dragged in a big, earth mother type girl in a long, rather grubby, brocade dress and long, lank black hair. She was a regular in the Grey Horse, but not one of Rachel's circle. Her name, Rachel thought, was Elaine, though she always called her 'Moma Cass.' Elaine continued to abuse the police as they pushed her into the van and sat her down. 

"Keep your fucking hands off me," she spat at the police, "and tell me what I've done wrong, why you're doing this to me." Getting no response, she continued her tirade.

"All I've done is go down the pub and have a few drinks. What's wrong with that' Now I need to have a piss, that's quite normal when you drink beer you know, and you won't let me. You can't do that, I know my rights. All I want to do is go in the loo and piss, and instead you pigs manhandle me into this fucking van. Where the fuck am I supposed to piss in here."

"Shut up!" replied the senior police, "Sit there and shut up, or I'll do you for drunk & disorderly."

"I keep telling you, I want to fucking piss, I'm not joking, it's fucking serious. If you won't let me piss in the loo, I'll have to piss myself here, I'm absolutely fucking desperate." Elaine was not going to let the matter rest, or perhaps, thought Rachel, she wanted to pee so badly that she didn't care about anything except getting to the loo.

"You piss in this van, I'll add criminal damage and indecent behaviour, to the D & D, so you had better control yourself," the police threatened.

Elaine shut up and sat with tightly crossed legs, her hands pressed into the lap, glaring at the police. Very soon, she slowly pulled her skirt up a few inches, and pressed one hand down between her legs, trying to do this without the police noticing. She closed her eyes and tensed her body with the effort of holding back the flood. Rachel, sitting next to her, noticed this, and then surreptitiously put her hand between her legs. That felt so much better, it took away the intense need to pee that she had been fighting to control, and only left the throbbing pressure in her bladder, partly caused by her jeans being too tight. If she had been alone she would have undone the zip, but with the police watching, she was not going to show any signs of weakness. 

The time in the van seemed endless, dragging so slowly because she was desperate and had nothing to take her mind of the pressure in her bladder. Then, at long last, they heard the driver get in and they were off, presumably to the police station.

Elaine had not been exaggerating in her outburst when she had described herself as absolutely fucking desperate. She had been two paces from the loo, and bursting to go, when the police raid had barred the door, and she had had a lot to drink that evening. The police were taking everybody's name and address, and they had to queue while two WPC's took down the details.

Long before she was at the front of the queue, Elaine had reached the point when she felt she could not wait any longer, crossing her legs, twisting round in circles, jigging up and down, doing everything she could to hold out. Feeling her bladder was about to burst, she had made another attempt to get in the loo, and when she had been stopped, she had lost her temper. She was aggressively drunk, and being refused the loo she so desperately wanted was too much, with the result that she had been dragged off to the police van.

At least she was sitting down in there, and with legs knotted and one hand in her crutch, she was still holding it, but she could not last much longer. Her bladder felt as if it was bulging out about six inches, and during the bumpy ride to the police station she thought it was going to explode it hurt so much. She could hardly manage to walk into the police station she was in such pain, and as she was handing over her possessions she felt some pee leak into her knickers and down the legs of her tights. Only by pressing both hands between her legs as soon as she sat down was she able to regain some control, but she was under such pressure that she knew that as soon as she had to stand up again, she would start wetting her pants. 

When Elaine was brought into the van, Judy was going through another crisis of desperation, and was fighting with every ounce of her strength to contain herself and avoid letting any more pee leak into her jeans. The fuss that Elaine was making about wanting a loo only made Judy's plight worse, and she simply could not stop three more spurts of pee escaping, soaking the crutch of her jeans, trickling onto the seat, and a few drips falling onto the floor. Terrified that the police would notice this, and that she would be charged with all the things they were threatening Elaine with, she somehow managed to clamp her bladder shut, and just maintain control throughout the agonising journey to the police station. 

Walking was awful, more than she could possibly cope with, and she was losing control again. She tried to walk close behind Elaine, so she could hold between her legs and stem the leaks, while Jim was right behind her, hiding her wet jeans. He put one arm round her waist, Judy thought he was comforting her, but then she realised he was trying to put something in her jeans pocket, but they were too tight, and the screwed up piece of silver paper fell to the floor and was snatched up by the police. Jim swore, and backed away from her, trying to give the impression that it was Judy who had dropped it, but the police grabbed hold of him and dragged him off to another room. 

Their shoulder bags, purses, everything in their pockets were taken from them as they entered, and they were told to sit and wait their turn to be questioned. Judy had her foot under her, bearing down on her heel as hard as she could, the second she sat down, frantically trying to contain her pee again, as the shock of seeing her boy- friend taken away, presumably to be charged with possession, because she knew quite well what was in the silver paper, had caused her to let more pee trickle into her jeans, so the wetness now extended down her thighs. To Judy, nothing else mattered now except holding back her pee, and she neither knew or cared whether any of the others wanted to pee or not.

The van seemed to drive over every bump and pot-hole in the road to the police station, and every jolt went right to Shirley's distended bladder, bringing her closer to the moment when she was going to lose control. Somehow, twisting her legs together even more tightly, gripping under her legs, gritting her teeth, she managed to hold on until they stopped at the police station. They were ordered out of the van and in the back entrance of the building, and having to stand up, and then walk, was no respite for her bladder. As she hobbled across the yard, she could not resist holding her crutch to get some respite from the desperate need to piss. She had hoped that they would be allowed to use the loo first, but they were pushed into a bleak, windowless room where two more police, one a butch looking woman, were waiting for them.

Shirley was first to be searched, and she had to stand arms raised and legs apart while she was patted down by the WPC. Standing like this, it took every ounce of Shirley's strength and will-power to hold back her pee, and she had to clench her teeth to avoid groaning with the effort she was having to make. Then she had to stand in front of the desk while they took all her details, parents address, where she worked, the questions seemed endless and though she had her legs crossed again now, she was still absolutely frantic to pee. She was gripping the waist band of her trousers, pulling them up so the crutch seam was cutting into her, hoping that this would help hold back her pee. 

In between answers she was biting her lip with desperation, and her cute little bum was clenched so tight she was quivering with the effort she was making to hold her pee. Never in her life had she wanted to go this badly, and she knew she was not going to be able to hold out much longer. They searched her handbag, found nothing illegal, she was over 18, and she had done nothing wrong, so she was free to go as soon as she had signed for her possessions and that she had no complaints about her treatment. By this time, Shirley would have signed anything if it got her to a loo, so she stuffed everything back into her handbag and was out of the door as fast as she could manage walk with a bladder that was about to explode. 

All she could think of was finding a loo, but by this time the pubs were shut, and the nearest public loo was the bus terminal, over half a mile away. Before she was halfway down the police station steps she had her right hand pressed between her legs, her left hand pulling her trousers tighter between her legs, fighting to contain an urge to pee that was even worse now she was walking. She hadn't got far when she knew she would never be able to hold out until the bus terminal, she would have to find somewhere nearer or piss her knickers.

She was considering squatting in a shop doorway, when she reached an alley-way leading behind the shops. Not only was this quite dark, there were some waste bins against one wall to provide some cover. Shaking with desperation now she was so close to relief, she held her crutch with her left hand while she undid her zip, then in one frantic movement she peeled trousers, tights and knickers down to her knees and crouched down. She had hardly bent her knees when she lost control completely and her pee came pouring out. Never in her life had she pissed with such force, a torrent of pee under such pressure she thought it would drill a hole in the pavement. 

Elaine was searched next, and she was made to lift her long skirt up nearly to her waist to prove she was not hiding anything underneath. She had been sitting with one hand pressing between her legs, the only way she could hold back her pee, and standing with her legs apart was more than she could bear. By some superhuman effort she just held out until she was allowed to lower her skirt, then her bladder gave way and pee was leaking into her knickers and running down her legs. Knotting her legs and leaning forward on the desk, she managed to stop, and keep control until she too was released. Frantic, knowing she was going to break down again any second, she grabbed her shoulder bag and ran out of the police station. 

Out on the pavement she stopped twisted her legs together and doubled over, both hands pressing frantically between her legs, on the brink of completely breaking down and wetting herself. She saw Shirley standing at the entrance to the alley way, and ran towards her, still with one hand between her legs. 

"Quick! I've got to piss, I'm wetting myself, I can't wait any longer," she gasped as she reached Shirley and then pushed past her into the alley, pulling her skirt up round her waist. "Oh fuck! I can't hold it, it's running down my legs, I can't hold it."

She half crouched, trying to pull her knickers down but unable to stop herself continuing to let out spurts of piss which were dripping from her soaked knickers. Eventually she managed to stop long enough to get her knickers off, and the crouched down and let the rest of her pee come pouring out, making a puddle at least twice the size of Shirley's. 

Finished at last, she pulled a face as she pulled up her soaking knickers and tights.

"I'm fucking soaked," she complained to Shirley, "I was peeing down my legs in the nick, I just couldn't hold it I was so desperate. What fucking pigs they were not letting me piss, they did it deliberately. Were you OK'" she added as an afterthought.

"I just made it, with about a second to spare. I've never been so desperate in my life, I was absolutely frantic to go."

As Dave stood up to be searched he was conscious of how wet the back of his cords were. He had let a lot of pee go while sitting in the van, because once he had started, he hadn't been able to stop as easily as he thought. Since then he had managed to hold it, but not for much longer now he was standing. The police seemed to think that his short hair and relative affluence indicated his innocence, and with only the most cursory search he was let go, being warned to be more careful about selecting his friends. 

He left with both hands thrust deep into his pockets, reaching to squeeze his cock, and once out of the door, on the brink of losing control again, ran to the nearest shop doorway, openly holding himself as he ran. He didn't care who could see him, he just had to pee, he was starting to let go again, and pee was already trickling from his cock as he pulled it clear of his trousers.

As his stream splashed against the wall and ran back onto the pavement, he realised how exposed he was, and strained to force his pee out as quickly as he could. Only when he had finished did he see the two girls watching, and went to join them. Shirley flung her arms round him and kissed him, relieved that their ordeal was over, and that they had both been released. He clutched her to him, then backed off, ashamed that he had wet himself and not wanting her to know.

When they finally started to the police station, Rachel was already reaching the limit of her endurance, even holding her crutch as hard as she could, she didn't think she could possible wait much longer. The journey was a nightmare, as every bump in the road went right to her bladder, causing her such pain that she was almost in tears when the finally stopped. Before she had time to recover, they were ordered out and into some sort of detention room. Rachel tried to walk normally, but after four or five steps her bladder started to give way and she felt some pee leak into her knickers. Only by holding her crutch again did she get herself under control, and she dared not let go. 

Even when she had to surrender her handbag and empty her pocket, she had to keep her legs twisted together and one hand pressed into her crutch. The other searches seemed to take for ever, and she was sitting with knotted legs and both hands holding back her pee, hoping that she could get her distended bladder under enough control that she would be able to stand normally when it was her turn. The shake-down, standing with her legs apart, was going to be the worst, and she was steeling herself to somehow find the strength to hold back her pee while that was going on.

When she was called over, she pretended not to know what was going on, keeping her legs crossed until she was ordered to spread them and stand upright. The first few seconds were not too bad, but the longer she had to keep the position, the more she wanted to pee, and she had to summon every ounce of her strength to try to hold back her pee. The WPC seemed to be deliberately taking as long as possible over the search, feeling in every pocket, checking she had nothing hidden in her boots, and then stopping to talk to her companion before completing the search. 

Rachel was gritting her teeth to stop herself groaning with the effort she was making to hold her pee, hands clenched, toes curled up in her boots, she had never fought so hard to hold back her pee, but despite all her struggles, she knew she was losing it, and she could feel her sphincter giving way and pee beginning to trickle out of her bladder. She tried to make one more despairing effort to hold it back, but nothing she did could stop the pee trickling into her knickers.

Only when the search was finished and she was told to stand by the desk and witness her bag being searched was she able to twist her legs together and press her fingers hard into her crutch did she stop the flow. She knew the police could see what she was doing, but she didn't care; the only thing that mattered to her was holding back her pee, not breaking down and wetting herself in public.

She was shaking so much with the strain of holding her pee that she could hardly sign the receipt for her bag, and then she was almost running out of the police station as soon as she was released, except that she couldn't really run while holding her crutch, and running hurt her bladder even more than walking, so by the time she left the station she was hobbling down the steps, holding her crutch with one hand and undoing her zip with the other. Seeing the group waiting for her, and the inviting dark alley behind them, she again tried to run, but gave up after a few paces, walking with quick short steps and stiff legs. 

"I want a loo, I want a loo, I must go," she was repeating out loud as she walked straight into the alley where she dragged her jeans down to her knees and crouched down, letting her pee pour out with a gasp of relief. Hers was not the high pressure jet of Shirley, or the gush of Elaine, but a steady, almost endless stream that she later claimed seemed to go on for at least five minutes.

"It still hurts," she said as she joined the others, holding her throbbing abdomen, "I thought I was going to die in there, trying to hold on while they searched you."

She felt discretely between her legs, leaning against the wall and feeling from behind. Her fears were realised, she was quite wet between the legs where she had let squirts of pee go during the search, when she had tried to run, and as she pulled her jeans down. She hoped it would not notice, not realising that Dave and Elaine were much wetter that her. 

Just as Rachel was starting her marathon pee, Judy was being searched. Her jeans were already wet where she had been leaking regularly since she had been refused a loo in the van. Standing with her legs apart was even worse, and she let several more dribbles of pee go while she was being searched. Because they had caught Jim trying to pass her some drugs, the WPC was particularly thorough with the search, and by the time she finished Judy's jeans were soaked to below her knees.

Even when she was allowed to cross her legs and half crouch forward while watching her bag be searched, she could not completely stop peeing, letting a spurt go every time she relaxed. Judy had a hang-up about holding her crutch, even when alone, even when it was the only thing that might possibly have stopped her wetting herself, so as she staggered down the police station steps she was losing control and pee was streaming into her knickers and running down her legs. 

When she reached her friends her bladder was three-quarters empty and her jeans soaked down the inside of both legs, and she was sobbing with the shame of what she had done and the misery she had suffered trying to hold on for so long. Being told that all of the others, except Shirley, had also wet themselves was no consolation, nobody would notice their wet spots, while hers was unmistakable

Paul Tester

Anyone old enough to remember the hippy era will know that police raids were a regular feature of music pubs and clubs, and some drinkers would be taken away for searching and questioning. Probably they were not treated like this, but it makes a better story if they were not allowed to pee. Since their favourite victims were girls drinking under-age (like Judy,) and there was no shortage of these in most pubs they raided, the Police station toilet facilities must have been severely strained even if they were allowed to pee there. Maybe someone reading this has experience of such a raid and can tell what actually happened.

I hope this is suitable for publication, and will not be rejected for showing the police in a negative light, containing too much bad language from Elaine, or having a girl of 16 wet her jeans.

