Old, True Desperation Story From My Journal

Posted by littleoblivion on April 20th, 2011 at 3:52AM

Well... I believe I mentioned that, though I enjoy the idea of desperation, it is very difficult if not impossible for me to become desperate myself. Well, recently my living situation changed a bit. I got kicked out of my apartment (long story -- don't ask). I didn't really have anywhere to go, so my friend N told me I could come sleep in her garage. It was decently clean, and there was a bed, albeit a very old, lumpy one. The only thing is, her dad doesn't like having anyone stay overnight, so we could not tell him I was there.

This didn't really sound like the opportune arrangement, so the first night I put off heading over there as long as possible, hanging out at a Starbucks instead. Finally, it was after 11 pm and I figured it was time to leave. Before I did, though, I visited the bathroom. After all, I would hate to need to pee while stuck in the garage!

By the time I made the hour or so drive to my N's house, though, I already did need to pee a little. I figured that I would be able to hold it until morning though -- after all, I'd just gone! So I settled in and drifted off to sleep. I didn't sleep very well, and I woke up about an hour or two later. What had been a slight urge to go was now quite a bit worse. Of course I couldn't go in the house because of her dad. I still thought I could hold it all right -- but I wasn't sure I would be able to get back to sleep with the pressure in my bladder.

It took a long time, but eventually I did get to sleep. I soon woke up again and realized that I now really needed to pee. I had had three or four cups of coffee while I sat at Starbuck's, and I guess going once before leaving didn't get rid of all that liquid. Much of it was now in my bladder, and my body was eager to get it out. I closed my eyes and tried to go back to sleep. I figured if I could just get to sleep, morning would come and then I could walk to the fast-food joint on the corner and relieve myself. As the minutes slipped by without falling asleep, the pressure intensified. I began involuntarily scissoring my legs and bouncing up and down on the bed. Before I knew it my hands were between my legs, pressed against my crotch as my legs swung back and forth. It helped a little, but still, I couldn't remember having to pee this badly since I was a little kid.

It was still only four or five o' clock and I was no longer sure that I could wait until morning. Then I had the realization that, even if I did, I probably wouldn't make it to a bathroom. I would have to walk about three blocks to the nearest major street. Normally this would be no problem, but in my current state, three blocks sounded like miles. "God, I have to pee!" I whimpered softly. I began squeezing my legs together rhythmically. It was clear I would not be getting back to sleep, and I really was beginning to think my bladder would not wait another four hours to be emptied.

I sat up. It was clear that I had to do something -- but what? I thought about going outside and pissing on the lawn, but was afraid someone would see me. When I stood, the true gravity of the situation became clear. As full as my bladder had felt laying down, standing up was ten times worse, and I realized that not only could I not wait until morning, I wasn't sure I could last another half hour. I couldn't even stand still. I bounced up and down, crossing and uncrossing my legs, trying to think. What had before been only pressure was now an intense, tingling sensation, almost a burning, which made it difficult to think of anything except how badly I needed to pee. "Oh, fuck," I muttered, "I need to go!" I paced quickly around the small space once, trying to figure something out. Nothing came to me.

By this point my bladder was begging for release. I whimpered, body twisting in a desperate dance. As a particularly stron urge hit, I gasped and sat down once again. It helped, but only a little. I began rocking back and forth, hands clamped to my crotch, legs crossed tightly. "Ohhhh," I moaned. "Oh, I've got to go so bad. Fuck, what am I going to do?" Unsure how much longer I could hold it, I looked around the room frantically again. Then, I thought I saw something that might help. Once I was sure I had good enough control of my aching bladder, I stood and quickly crossed the room. There on a shelf was a medium cup from some fast-food restaurant. I picked it up.

The inside was covered with sticky orange soda residue. I grimaced. Surely I wouldn't be reduced to peeing in this? And what would I wipe with? Another thought occurred to me, though -- I needed to go so badly. It felt like there were gallons of liquid inside of me. While I knew that wasn't true, I was sure there must be more than this little cup could hold. I had heard stories of people pissing liters when desperate -- and by now I knew that I was desperate. I had a moment to be awed by the fact. Then another spasm from my bladder made me cry out softly. This is what I get for wanting to know what desperation feels like, I thought.

I had to figure something else out. "Oh god," I cried, "I can't hold it." It was true. I really wasn't sure how much longer I could resist the tantalizing urge to piss. My bladder was throbbing and it was all I could think about. God, it would feel so good. I imagined the liquid rushing out of me. The relief would be amazing. The flood of golden liquid, flowing from my distended bladder... I bit down on my lip and squirmed, trying not to think about it. These thoughts were definitely not helping. I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. I had to piss, simply had to. I would be lucky if I had minutes to spare.

Every fiber of my being was concentrated on restraining the flow that wanted to exit my body right now. I looked at the cup again. Yes, it was disgusting, but I seemed my only hope. It seemed that the very thought of a place to piss -- even one as gross as this -- had only worsened the urge. "Oooooh," I moaned, rocking violently in place. "Please, please, I have to go, I have to think of something, anything else..."

My bladder, though, had other ideas. It throbbed insistently, and I could swear the desperate, unrelenting need was literally growing worse by the second. I realized that if I did not let this pee out of me now, my body would make up its mind for me.

I spotted an old towel on the floor. If I could only hold on for another minute or two... I lunged for it, grabbed it and sat back down as quickly as possible, muttering all the while, "Oh god, oh fuck, gotta pee, oh, oh, please, gotta go, gotta piss, god, can't hold it, need to pee, need to gooooo..." I was now so incredibly desperate that standing, even so briefly, worsened my condition considerably. Or maybe it was the sudden motion, I don't know. I used the very end of the towel to wipe out the cup as well as I could. It wasn't easy, since I was completely unable to sit still. I was still muttering to myself. It seemed to take ages, but finally the cup was as clean as I could make it.

I breathed a sigh of relief, then realized it might be a bit premature. I would still have to stand up to pee in the cup, and I wasn't sure I could do so without peeing everywhere. I took a deep breath and tried to still my twitching body for a moment. I was not going to piss myself. Not this close to relief. I stood carefully, and awkwardly yanked my panties down to my knees. My whole body was trembling with the exertion of keeping my pee in. God, release was so close, I could already feel the piss gushing out. I cut off that thought quickly. Spreading my legs, I positioned the plastic cup between my trembling thighs. I told myself that I would let out my piss slowly, to make sure I didn't overlfow the cup.

For a split second, nothing happened. I just stood there, shaking, bouncing a little, cup pressed to my vulva. Then pee began to drip from my bladder. At first it was just a tiny trickle, but within a second or two, it became a steady flow. Despite my best intentions of a slow release, the piss burst out of me in a hard, fast stream, splashing thunderously into the bottom of the cup. I was powerless to stop it. I realized that, after all my holding, I was going to overflow and piss everywhere anyway. I didn't care, though -- it felt sooooo good. I couldn't remember anything ever feeling so amazing. Piss poured out of me, more, faster than I thought possible. At long, long last, I was going. Going, and going, and going. It seemed like hours before the stream finally began to slow. Even then it was considerable -- just less than the torrent that it had been. I sighed deeply in relief -- though admittedly, it was more like a moan. The feeling really was almost sexual.

Miraculously, the flow tapered off to just a few final drops -- just as I felt the warm liquid against my vulva. At first, I gasped at the sensation. I thought it would be disgusting, but instead it felt really good, as though the warmth was cupping my lips, lapping gently against them. Then I gasped in shock as I realized that I had not overflowed after all, but filled the cup exactly. I had to admit I was thankful -- I hadn't been looking forward to explaining to N why her garage smelled of piss.

I wiped up with the same towel, then went and poured my piss out on the lawn. I returned to bed feeling a million times better -- except now, I realized, I was incredibly horny. As I slipped my fingers into the warm wetness between my legs, I decided I might not mind living in the garage after all.

