The Hedge
  (Lolla promises a stream (!) of material. Judging by these two we’re in for a treat!)
by Lolla

I enjoy going out to nightclubs. My friends and I usually go to "gothic" clubs, because we like the atmosphere. I have been a part of that scene for about ten years, and it's one of the things which has helped me to slowly shed my inhibitions and fears. When I started out in the scene, however, I was very inhibited. I often couldn't even pee in a public bathroom for fear of someone hearing me! Although I fantasized about peeing in the woods, my panties, or other places where you're "not supposed to", I never did and would hold it to the point of agony rather than do anything unconventional. This story dates back to that time. One night I got together with a group of my friends to go clubbing.

There were no gothic clubs in our hometown, so we traveled about an hour and a half every Saturday night to go out and have our fun. My friends and I got ready together that night, according to the weekly ritual. I wore a high-necked off-white cotton shirt, with crystal pleats all over and a lace inset which showed off my cleavage a little. With it, I wore high-cut cotton panties and a pair of black cotton pants that fit nice and snug and zipped up the back. Ann wore a long blue velvet dress, and Shelby wore a simple pair of jeans, a leather bustier, and a black trenchcoat. We teased her about that coat, but it was to prove very useful later in the evening.

Tom did nothing to dress up except spike his hair out all over his head. Tom's car had been on the fritz, working kind of intermittently, but we decided that it was worth the risk and drove up to Ybor city. Shelby and I were only nineteen, which is underage for drinking in my state, but she knew the bartender and got drinks for herself and for me. I had three rum and cokes and six more regular cokes over the course of the night. These were not small drinks, either. The club used the larger size paper cups which hold something like ten or twelve ounces.

About two hours before closing time, I realized I had to go to the bathroom. I went in the ladies' room, but all of the toilets were stopped up and almost overflowing, and I couldn't bring myself to use any of them. Going to the men's room was out of the question. What if I walked in and saw someone peeing? What if there were only urinals? Then I'd have to straddle one.

That was one of my fantasies, but I couldn't bring myself to do that. Someone might see me, and then they'd think I was really a pervert. I figured I could just hold it until we got home -- I had gotten used to holding it for a long time, and would sometimes hold it deliberately, even at home, because I liked the feeling of holding it in and then releasing it in a torrent (into the toilet, of course). It was a guilty little pleasure that I never told anyone about. I knew that the car ride home would provide some vibrations to my crotch that would be very pleasurable since I'd be tensing my muscles to hold it.

At closing time, we went out to Tom's car, and it refused to start. By this time, I was a little uncomfortable, but felt that I could hold it until we got home, even considering the delay. We called Triple-A for road assistance. They told us to put the hood of the car up and wait. We waited. No one came. A police car circled the block a couple of times, but the streets were otherwise deserted. After a couple of hours had passed, I started shifting from foot to foot. "What's wrong?" asked Shelby. "Umm...I really have to go to the bathroom."

"To pee?" she asked. "Yes." Tom turned from his vigil and looked at me. "So go behind the car and do it. No one will see."

"It's not that easy for girls, Tom," said Ann. "It's not like she wants to expose her ass to the world." I felt ashamed at even the thought of doing that. Pull down my pants and pee, right behind the car? No way. Not to mention that fact that I had gas pains and was afraid that my friends would hear me fart. (I told you I was very inhibited in those days.) Shelby grinned at me. "Screw that. You have to pee, pee. No one's here to see your butt but us, anyway, and we won't look."

"Nah," I said. "I can wait. It's not that bad." More time passed.

The pressure in my bladder built up incredibly. I looked at my watch and realized that we had been waiting for two and a half hours. Four and a half hours since I first really needed to go inside the club. I started to feel nauseous. Ann smoked cigarettes. Tom stared dejectedly out at the street. The cop car drove by a couple more times. "Can't people poison themselves by not peeing when the have to go?" I asked to no one in particular. "Yeah," said Tom, "but that takes like days or something. Just pee if you have to. God knows when these guys are going to show up.

And then it will take more than an hour to get home." I shook my head and concentrated on putting the sensations in my bladder out of my head. I squeezed my sphincter muscles tightly. Drops of sweat broke out on my forehead. I felt dizzy. If only I had just used the men's bathroom when I had the chance! I pulled my pants up so that they put a little pressure on my crotch. Maybe that would help me hold it in. I sat down and leaned forward. That relieved some of the pressure. I could hold it for a while longer.

But if the road assistance people didn't come soon.... I started looking around discreetly for possible places to pee if I really had to. There was a low hedge about thirty yards from us. It was about a foot and a half deep. If I squatted behind it, no one would see me from the street, or at most they'd see my head and shoulders above it. Certainly they wouldn't know I was peeing. I thought about it, about just walking over, squatting behind the hedge, pulling my pants down, letting go. I felt a twinge in my crotch and stopped thinking. I put a hand between my legs.

"Hey," said Shelby, "You could just use the dumpster."

"What?" I pretended outrage, but inside I felt something else. I knew what she meant, and part of me was excited by the thought. But I pretended ignorance. "Use it for what?"

"Stand behind the dumpster and pee," she said. "That won't work! I'd get it all over my pants!"

"Well, you do have to sort of crouch."

"I am not doing that." But God, I wanted to. She just smiled. I looked at my watch. Another hour had passed. It was now five and a half hours since I first felt the need to go.

My crotch had started to go numb because of the way I had been sitting on it, which made me feel better. But what if I wet my pants because I was too numb to feel what was happening down there? I stood up and felt a pins and needles sensation there, along with pressure so intense it was painful. It was starting to get light on the horizon. How could I pee out in the open if it was light? Then someone would surely see me, whether I was behind the hedge or not. "I think I'm going to go use the hedge," I said. "Now that's an idea," said Ann. "No one will notice you."

"But what if someone sees me squatting there? They're bound to know what I'm doing. Why else would anyone hide behind a hedge? What if the cop comes by and arrests me for indecent exposure? What if --"

"I'll go with you," said Shelby. "I'll stand in front of you and hold my trenchcoat out so no one will see you."

"OK," I said.

Shelby strode over to the hedge. I followed with a hobbling gait. "This is really nice," she said. "If I had to pee right now, I'd do it here, right beside you." She stood in front of the hedge and spread her arms out, so the trenchcoat would hide me. "Go on," she said. I stepped gingerly over the hedge behind her and undid my pants. The loosening of the pants was such a relief that for a minute I was afraid I was going to wet them, and I froze. Nothing happened. I planted my feet wide apart, crouched a little, and slid my pants and panties down over my hips to the middle of my thighs. Then I squatted a little more with my knees apart and my hips thrust out, so my bare crotch was a few inches from the hedge.

I didn't want to get any pee on my clothing and hoped that with my feet so far apart the ground would catch any stray drips. The hedge tickled my knees through my pants. I felt the cool early morning breeze on my bare legs and ass and felt a little better. At least I was finally going to be able to pee. At first, I couldn't pee, because I had waited so long. I was afraid I had damaged myself in some way, and wouldn't be able to pee unless I went to a doctor. I panicked. Then it started, but in a very slow dribble. Then it stopped. "I can't pee," I said. "Sure you can," said Shelby from behind her trenchcoat. "It's going to take forever," I thought as my bladder released another tiny dribble. Why couldn't I pee?

The pressure in my bladder was excruciating. I pushed a little and did fart, as I'd been afraid I would, but it was very quiet because my ass was spread wide from my half-crouching, half-squatting position. If Shelby heard me, she gave no sign of it. She didn't even twitch. I stopped pushing and relaxed a little. Suddenly, without warning, pee sprayed from between my legs against the hedge. I was astonished because it went nearly straight out, instead of downwards toward the ground like I'd expected.

The spurt stopped, then began abruptly a moment later, then stopped again. I felt a sudden increase in bladder pressure, and was sure this was going to be the one, the gusher, and I braced myself. I was rewarded only with a couple more short spurts. It was maddening because each spurt felt really good, but did almost nothing to relieve the ache in my bladder. Each time, I was acutely aware of the feeling of the stream hitting the leaves in front of my crotch. The motion of the leaves as the pee hit them sent a vibration up to my labia that felt really good. Then the stream dried up again. I waited.

"My God," I thought, "This is torture. God, do I want to piss!" Finally my body started pushing on its own. My back arched involuntarily. My knees spread wider, rustling the hedge a little. My lower abdominal muscles bore down intensely and I wanted to grunt, or moan, but I held the noise back. My urethra burned and I felt like even IT was pushing hard, practically convulsing. There was a loud hiss and a sensation of wetness, and I started pissing a very forceful, steady stream which arced up and then out, past the center of the hedge.

It went so far out that I was afraid it would hit Shelby's legs, but it curved down to the ground before it got that far. I could see the smaller hedge branches bending from the force of it. The hiss got even louder as my body tensed and bore down again, and part of me was embarrassed, but part of me didn't care, even liked the noise of it.

I took a very quiet, trembling breath as relief flooded over me, and I watched my stream arc out from my crotch. I'd never pissed so hard in my life. I thrust my hips forward a little more, aiming directly at a thick patch of leaves to see if I could hit. I could. I felt another kind of moisture start between my legs now, and my clit tightened, which made the stream feel even better. The thought of being discovered was not inhibiting enough anymore to get me to stop. I couldn't have stopped even if I wanted to. "Feel good?" asked Shelby.

All this time she had stood with her back to me, holding her arms out to hide me with her coat. "Mmmm." That was all I could say, I was so consumed with the pleasure of emptying my bladder. It seemed to take my body forever to completely empty. The hard stream lasted a long time, longer than I'd ever peed before. Eventually it slowed down and reduced to a trickle, but I waited another moment because I still didn't feel completely empty. My body produced a final couple of strong spurts and then another trickle, and I knew I was done.

I sighed aloud, not caring anymore about what I'd done or who knew it. The hedge in front of me was dripping profusely in places. I backed away from the hedge a little, pulled my pants back up over my hips and zipped them up. My legs shook as I stood up, but I managed to get myself steady as Shelby and I walked back to the car. Tom and Ann asked me if I felt better, and I nodded decorously and sat down on the ground. I felt wetness spreading in my crotch, but it wasn't from pee. I was very aroused and wanted more than anything to come.

I folded my hands over my chest to hide my erect nipples. Shelby looked at me and didn't say anything, but there was a twinkle in her eye. The man from Triple-A didn't arrive until an hour later. All during the ride home, I thought about how good it felt to squat down, legs apart, and pee into the hedge, to see and feel the stream hitting it, to finally let go. When I finally got home, I lay in bed and pleasured myself to one of the most intense orgasms of my life. Shelby and I never discussed that night, and it didn't occur to me that she might have had an interest in watersports until now. Shelby, wherever you are, thank you.

