Title: First Meeting with Liz
	Entry to: Month 29
By: Mindy

I met Liz in the usual way, we were set up by friends. Neither of us minded as we got on from the start, both being on our best behavior as it were. Liz is petite and perfectly proportioned with long (all the way to her butt) light brown hair, green eyes and extremely attractive features. I am 6' tall, with a slim build, long brown hair and neatly trimmed beard. Both Liz & I are in our early thirties and in great physical shape. We were attracted to each other from the start and stayed at the party until everyone but the host couple had left. We were playing a board game designed to get the players drunk. Anyway I rolled the dice and picked a card thinking once again I would be taking a drink, but the card said "Kiss your partner". Since we weren't playing with partners, I asked Liz if she would be mine, she agreed and we kissed. Sweetly, just a peck on the lips really, but very nice. Shortly after the kiss I won the game and our host suggested we stay over as we were way too inebriated to drive anywhere.

"The only thing is that the spare room is already occupied, so we'll have to set you up in the living room."

to make a long story even longer, i took the floor & Liz took the couch. we stayed up talking for a long time and drifted off to sleep still in conversation. I woke up with an outrageous need to pee, cock hard as a rock, and tried to quietly make my way to the bathroom. I should mention that I have an enormous capacity and with a hard on it took me a long time to get started. Liz woke up in the same condition as me - minus the hard on - and was peeking through the keyhole watching me without my knowledge. She was desperate for a pee, but also very turned on from watching and listening to me. She waited until i was "going strong" - right in the middle of a great piss - and then knocked and whispered through the door that she "had to go and could I please hurry?"

Well, i am a gentleman and a desperation fan, but all that was irrelevant. i couldn't have stopped if I'd wanted too.

"Please" she whisper/wailed through the door "I can't hold it!"

"And I can't stop!" I whispered back.

But I was wrong. Her situation had restored my hard on which was squeezing off my flow even as I spoke. As my hot urine trickled off to a steady drip i was able to stop and I tucked away my unhappy cock and was about to flush when i heard her moan. I reached out and opened the door instead and there she was, bent at the knees and waist, both hands between her legs. My cock twitched in my briefs, no longer confused as to what it wanted. Liz in tee shirt and panties raced into the room blushing furiously.

She bumped into me in the cramped quarters and I heard a squirt and a gasp, saw a drop of moisture run down her perfect thigh and then she was at the toilet. My ears were ringing with the sound of her pee hitting the bowl like a tsunami and my cock was actually aching as I closed the door behind me. As I listened, I noticed the light coming through the keyhole and knelt down to watch and listen. I was consumed with lust so i didn't notice right away what it was, but something looked different. When I realized that i could clearly see most of her and a few drops of pee on the tile floor, I knew what was missing. Her panties. She was peeing through her panties!

My cock actually jumped in my briefs, oozing cum at the tip and i almost touched myself. if I had I have no doubt that I would have cum right then. But I resisted that temptation and marveled at the sights and sounds i was experiencing. Liz peed for what seemed like hours, sighing with relief along the way. I peeped through the keyhole, my cock throbbing for relief when I saw her arm moving rhythmically and heard her pee hitting bowl and water. A quiet, rising groan escaped her lips just as I realized she was masturbating and then she looked quickly at the keyhole!

My hand had crept down to my cock (where my brain currently resided), but when she looked at the keyhole i was sure our eyes met and I was caught. Well she stopped playing with herself, but i saw her blush, and she kept her eyes averted from the keyhole, so i was sure she knew i was on the other side of the door watching her every move. 

I froze, barely able to breath and my once ridiculously hard cock started to soften. And I had to pee again. Damnit! Well the timing could have been worse, but I was starting to squirm when Liz finally squeezed the last few drops out. With a sigh of relief (exaggerated for my benefit, I found out later) she stood and slid her sopping wet panties off, turning slightly so that I had a fantastic view of her gorgeous butt. She then tossed them in the sink and found a washcloth. I watched as she washed out her panties, straining for a view of her pussy and not getting it, then as she ran some warm water over the washcloth and washed the pee off her groin and legs. When she was clean, she wrung out her panties and hung them over the shower rod. Without thinking, I knocked lightly at the door and asked if was all right. She was startled but it didn't show in her voice.

"I'm fine now Douglas, thanks for letting me go first" she said "I'll be out in a minute."

"That's okay," I responded "no emergency but I still have to go."

Liz wiped the few stray drops off the floor, rinsed the washcloth and set it on the sink. She opened the door and I stepped aside so she could pass. She had the advantage of me in that her tee shirt came down to her knees and my briefs had a distinct bulge and were spotted with cum drops. I saw her looking as she passed and I'll tell you the rest, if you found the beginning interesting.

