Hi it's me, Molly. I am gonna tell you about another of my accidents. I was at my little sister's girl scouts' cookout. My mom wasn't able to go so I went with my little sister. We drove there and there were about 75 little girls and their mothers also. We got out and I found my friend Ashlie. I was talking to Ashlie for a while when we decided to go out to the clubs tonight. It was perfect because my little sister already asked to stay at one of her friends' house. I said it would be all right with me. Anyway we left and stopped at her house and then stopped at my house to change quickly and then we were off. Being the stupid person that I am I didn't go to the bathroom before I left. As we were driving I felt the urge to go. It wasn't that bad and I could hold it. I could tell that Ashlie had to go too because the whole way there she said very little and had her hands in her crotch the whole time. We finally got there and got in with no problem. After getting in we were shocked at the line for the ladies room. We stood in line patiently waiting for the bathrooms. All of a sudden two guys asked us over for a drink. I said sure and so did Ashlie. The guys got the first round of beers and I drank mine down like it was nothing. Ashlie took her time with hers. The next round I got and we drank them down like they were nothing at all. After I was done I felt the greatest urge to pee that I have ever felt before. I told Ashlie that I had to go NOW! Ashlie came with me but she wasn't fidgeting. I glanced at the crotch of her skintight jeans and they were soaking wet. I couldn't help it any longer. I unbuttoned my top button of my skintight jeans and thrust my hands down to my crotch. I reached the door and just opened it when it was just too much. My mouth dropped and my hands covered my mouth. My jeans were soaked. We went over to the guys and got the most humiliation ever. They stood up and laughed at us. Soon others started laughing at us. I was so embarrassed that I started to cry. Ashlie did the same. I told Ashlie in a sob that we should kick these guys in the nuts. Ashlie agreed. I swung my leg back and with the guy facing me I kicked him right square in the nuts. Ashlie did the same. The guys dropped to the floor and were crying. We then left and went home. Let that be a lesson to guys out there, never piss a girl off or you will pay.
Molly