Naked Wife Hold Your Pee (part 2)

by Francine

With Mike in tow, Vic took me into a small room that looked like it might have been a shower stall. It had a tiled floor and a drain. On a shelf was a large calibrated pitcher. Vic looked at me. "Are you ready to relieve yourself?" he asked. 

"Yes, yes" I answered in enthusiasm, nodding my head. He told me to stand my with hands behind my back and spread my legs. I could see Mike watching me - the thing my eye caught immediately was the bulge in his pants, indicating his erection. I suppose I should have been disturbed that Mike was turned on by the severity of my distress, but I really wasn't. I was glad at least one of us was enjoying it.

One of the men took the pitcher and held it under my crotch.

"Joan," Vic instructed, "we are going to let you urinate, but we need you to do it into the pitcher being held under you, so we can measure the capacity to which your bladder was stretched. Don't worry about making a mess - we will catch it. Just let go. Don't be surprised if it takes a bit of time - your muscles are very tightly clenched, and it may take a little while for you to relax!"

I tried to relax. The idea of urinating, standing up, in front of Mike and two men I had just met wouldn't have been appealing at any other time. Just now all I cared about was relief. I tried to let go, and waited.

"Mike", Vic spoke, "it might help if you rubbed her stomach a bit. She's very tense."

Mike put his hand on my belly, and gently massaged the hard swollen area.

We waited.

Finally I was able to produce a stream. I couldn't feel it - I only knew of it when I heard it hit the pitcher. "Good girl!" Vic encouraged, "keep it coming!" I didn't need to be told that.

The stuff that was coming out of me wasn't really yellow - it was almost clear, so much was it diluted. It poured and poured. I didn't think I could stop it if I tried. Gradually, a feeling of blessed relief crept into my belly, as the ache subsided. Still the stream poured out.

Then it stopped. I didn't feel empty, but it stopped. Vic asked, "You have more? Are you through?" "I think there's more" I answered. "Then just stay still and relax" Vic instructed.

THe stream started again, flowed for a while, then finally stopped. Vic handed me a tissue, and suggested I dry myself. I did. Then I know I blushed - wiping myself in front of three males!

Vic checked the pitcher. "You had well over a liter in your bladder - that's why it hurt. The pictures and measurements should make a good contribution to our study. You area good subject, but you're not through. You can go back to Room 3 for now. I'll join you in a few minutes."

Mike and I returned to the room. I felt better - a lot better. I was even getting used to my nudity. I wasn't quite so fearful of being seen now.

Vic came in a few minutes later. "You have finished phase 1 - we now want to use you for phase 2 this afternoon. But we want to give you about two hours to rest your bladder. There's a rest room you can now use beside Room 7- I want you to urinate every fifteen minutes, whether you feel you need to or not. There's still a lot of water in your system, and we want to keep your bladder as empty as possible for a little while. Then, we will start filling you up for phase 2. This time, we will have you drink the liquid in greater quantities and faster, but you won't have to hold it as long. I'll see you when it's time to start!" 

We returned to Room 3. I sat down on the table, much relieved and relaxed. We noted the time - it was now a bit after one o'clock. We had been in the testing process four hours. We had been told we would be through by six that afternoon.

"Nothing to do for two hours", Mike mused. 

"Nothing but look at your naked wife", I retorted.

"It's lunch time. Want something to eat?" Mike asked. "There's a snack machine in the lobby."

"No, thanks. I'm not hungry - I seem to be on a liquid diet today. But get yourself something if you want!" "Mike rose and started for the door.

"Just be back in fifteen minutes for my bathroom break!" I told him.

"You know", he retorted, with a smile, "You had a good pee. I haven't peed since we left home this morning. I need to!"

"Don't you dare!" I scolded him. "Anyway, not until you get back!"

He returned a few minutes later with a drink and and a couple of snack items from the lobby machine. I noted it was time to empty my bladder again. He walked with me to the toilet adjoining Room #7. "Coming with me?" I asked, as I entered. He did, and stood watching as I used the toilet. I didn't really feel any need, but when I urinated the amount was as great as my usual pee on an ordinary day. "Must still have a lot of water inside", I commented. I started for the door. Mike moved toward the toilet, intending to use it himself.

"Oh, no, you don't!" I told him, with a bit of a smile. "With all the holding I have to do, you can at least wait a while longer. Keep me company, huh?" My pleading got through, he frowned a bit, but left the room with me, still unrelieved.

He ate the small snack, and I just tried to relax. In fifteen minutes we made another trip. It seemed strange to be walking down the hall nude, but only a couple of times was there any of the staff to see us, and we did not encounter any of the other subjects. Each time the size of my urination diminished, and I realized I was purging myself of the water.

Promptly at three o'clock Vic returned. "Joan, if I may, are you ready for your final ordeal? And, I must warn you, it will be an ordeal, more painful than the last. But if you can take it, you will be out of here in a little more than a couple of hours. Ready?"

"Ready", I answered.

"I won't be doing the measuring and mental testing this time. This is just to get your bladder as full as you can possibly stand, as quickly as your kidneys can do it; then we will do the photos and x-rays of you in that condition. The object is threefold; first, we want to determine how fast your body processes the water when your stomach is absolutely full of it. Second, we want to find out if your capacity to hold has been affected by the stretching your bladder took this morning; and, third, we want to get pictures of you at your absolute capacity if we can get you there. I want you to start drinking water- I want you to drink as much as your stomach will hold. When you feel you are full, I want you to stand or sit a few minutes, until you feel you can handle more. We want to keep your stomach full of water until you feel extreme fullness in your bladder. Then we're going to let it just stretch and stretch and see how far we can get it to go!"

Two large pitchers of water were placed on the table. I started. Mike watched, eagerly, pouring the water for me.

It wasn't long before I was feeling the need to urinate. I told Mike. "Just file it under things you don't do", he told me, rather happily. An hour after I started, I had a stomach bloated with water and a bladder that was beginning to hurt for want of its denied relief. 

Vic was right. Under these conditions, it wouldn't take long to fill me up. It started hurting, and it got worse fast. My stomach was still feeling bloated with water while my bladder was sending painful signals that it wanted to burst.

Vic came in and checked my bladder, pressing my belly area, first around my navel, then moving his hand downward into my pubic area. It really hurt worse when he pressed now, and I was gasping, moaning, and squirming. I was trying to hold it as long as I could, and I knew that this time, once I got through it, the pain would be over.

I protested often, that the pain was getting worse. At one point, Vic turned to Mike, and suggested "It's getting to her. She's distended almost as much as she was before. Now we're trying to get her to stretch - she needs something to relieve her discomfort. We find that sexual stimulation often helps. Why don't you try fondling her breasts"

Vic didn't have to ask twice. Mike's hands were on my breasts at once, rubbing them, massaging them, pulling them, toying with the nipples. At first I wanted him to leave me alone, but it did help. I began to feel just a bit aroused, and the arousal seemed to counteract the pain in my belly.

He took a nipple into his mouth and sucked on it briefly. I moaned, half in pleasure and half in pain from my belly. I don't know why, but it was easier to hold with this sort of attention being applied to me. Vic watched some of what we were doing, although at first I was oblivious to his presence. A bit later I did glance at him and say, "It does help - I need anything that can relax me!" Then a bladder pain pang hit me and I softly exclaimed "Oh, how it hurts!"

To Mike I asked, "I need some attention down below - and quick! See if it'll help!" Blatantly, and in the presence of another man (Vic), I was asking my spouse to manipulate my genitals. Mike responded quickly, fingering my labia and my clit. I was definitely getting aroused, and it did lessen the feeling of pain.

Vic intervened a few minutes later to press on my bladder again. Now he warned Mike, "She's as full as she's ever been. I doubt if we can stretch her much more, but let's try. Be careful with what you're doing; if she orgasms she'll probably lose it!"

He had me stand with my legs slightly apart, and helped Mike find my urethra with his finger. "Now," Vic instructed, "I want you to press on her outlet - help her keep it closed. Use your other hand to keep her nipples erect- it will help distract her. We just want another ten minutes or so for her kidneys to keep pumping her bladder up!"

I don't know how, but I got through those few minutes. I should have been terribly embarrassed at all that being done in front of Vic, but somehow I wasn't.

Vic took me down the hall for the photographs, with Mike in tow. Mike helped hold me as I was positioned for the x-rays and photos. No longer did I care about being photographed naked, or in private places. I just wanted it over.

Finally I was taken to relieve myself in the room we had used before. A technician held the pitcher as I was told to release. Mike stared at me as I poured out my almost clear urine in a torrential stream into that pitcher. As my pain subsided, I focused on Mike, standing and watching, with that big obvious erection in his pants. His eyes were glued to my genitals and that outpouring of liquid streaming from them.

It was soon over. Relieved and relaxed, I returned with Mike to Room 3 to pick up my clothes and to leave. Mike started to divert toward Room 7. My eyes followed him. "Oh, no. Not now. Wait until we get home!"

"But, Joanie- I haven't peed since this morning! You just got relieved! Let me go - please!"

"Not now. You're not going through anything like I had to do. You can hold it till we get home!" I was smiling, and quickly gave him a very suggestive kiss. He went with me to Room 3.

We were checked out at the front desk, where a check was now ready for me. We were quite happy with the proceeds of the day's activity We went out to our car. For the first time in hours, I had clothes on, and it almost seemed strange. I told Mike the feeling.

Long before we got home, I was needing relief again, from the water still going through me. By the time we got home, my bladder was hurting once more. I can't say I was used to it, but I well knew the feeling.

When we arrived home, we opened the door. There was a note by the door, telling us our three offspring had gone with friends and would be back later.

"We're alone!" Mike exclaimed, beaming just a bit.

"First", I told him emphatically, "I'm going to race you for the bathroom. All that water's not out of me, and I'm starting to hurt down there again!"

"But how about me?" Mike whined a bit, "My bladder hurts, too - I haven't emptied it since this morning - remember, you asked me wait!"

I started slipping off my dress, letting it fall to the floor as I moved toward the bathroom. Standing in the doorway. I slipped off my bra and panties, then, naked, placed myself in a big "X" position in the doorway, hands and feet against the door frames. "You don't go until you pay the toll - I need some more of that therapy you used to help me hold! And this time you need to get dressed for it!

Mike quickly got the idea. In seconds, he was as naked as I was, his erect member standing out firmly. I moved from my X position only long enough to introduce his penis into my vagina, now wet with anticipation. Suddenly we were together, standing, our two full bladders pressing against each other. "Wonder who's going to leak first? We never did this before!" I laughed. "Let's find out!" was all he said, moving rapidly within me.

Suddenly I exploded in the most ecstatic bit of relief I'd had in a long time. We hung together for a bit, then I fell away, seating myself on the toilet, my legs spread wide. He stood before me, not waiting for me, but letting his stream release, pouring between my spread legs; two very full bladders now emptying at once.

"Can we do it again before the kids get home?" I asked, weakly.

