From Robin

Any replies should go to my home address 106 I will not see them until the end of the month, but at least it is private.

Up to now, all my correspondence and input has been with S & D at Cascade [http://www.wetfun.demon.co.uk/], which I have subscribed to for several years. However, they seem to publish quite a lot of my stuff, and I would like more of their excellent magazine to be a surprise to me when it arrives. I hope also to get some more feedback on the net.

Now a warning to your viewers. I have seen some lists of events and places that are good for desperation sightings etc. Notting Hill Carnival was listed as one. I always try to go when I am home, as it has produced some great sightings in the past. I was there this year, 1997, and virtually arrested by the police for spending too much time (10 min.) hanging about near the Ladies loos. I was released without being charged, but considerably hassled. 

This was made worse because I had left all my credit cards at home in case of pick-pockets in the crowd. In their eyes, no ID was very suspicious, so I had to give my real address in case they wanted to check in some way. On reflection, I do not think I could have been charged with any offense, but it was an unpleasant experience.

This happened because the carnival has become more civilised over the years, so it is now grossly over-policed, and the boys in blue have to find something to do to justify their presence. I suspect that many of the other big open-air events have gone the same way, and it might be worth warning you viewers that they should keep moving about, and look out for police as well as desperate women.

I hope that I can now go on to contribute something to your discussion group in the same text. Presumably you can take the relevant part out and move it about your Web site. As yet, I have no experience or knowledge of how a web site or forum is run or put together. If I am doing it wrong, could you put me right.

Bladders. Why do bladders vary so much in capacity, and why are they not in proportion with the rest of the human body? From personal experience, adult bladder endurance when eating and drinking normally can vary from under 3 hours to more than 30 hours before the need to pee becomes unbearable. This more than ten to one ratio is far more than the size or strength of any other part of the body. I know that it is a volume, so is the cube of length, but height does not vary by more than 1.5 to 1, so the equivalent volume would only be 3.4 to 1.

With children there is even more variation. (Are we allowed to talk about this?) At twelve, I was very proud of my ability to wait 30 hours and still behave normally, while one of my friends had great difficulty in lasting the 1.5 hours before morning break at school, and when bus Rovering he let a squirt go in his trousers at just over 2 hours, despite keeping his hands in his pockets.

Are there any external indications of bladder size or capacity? Body size does not seem to be a good indication, as I have known big girls with tiny bladders and tiny girls with huge bladders and all combinations in between. Nor does pelvis volume seem relevant. (Waist measurement x crutch to waist height) Where do some of the tiny girls keep their pee, and why cannot the big girls always hold far more? 

Do girls in trousers have smaller bladders? This should be complete nonsense, but how else do you explain my observation that far more girls in trousers hold their crutch in desperation that do girls in skirts. My sightings database gives a ratio of over four to one, trousers to skirts, holding it back. Do girls in skirts just let spurts go into their knickers, assuming it will not be noticeable? I can hardly believe this. Are there any girls who can throw light on this topic?

That all for now. I will send you a desperation story next time. By then I hope to have studied the rules of your story competition, which I down-loaded but didn't read.

Best wishes, Robin. 

