No Toilets. Days 1-3
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 25th, 2010 at 11:02PM

So after a few desperation games, Alec and I agreed that we would give our bladders a break, and not go over board for the next few months. But two months later Alec had a new idea. "So do you think we can play some desperation games again?" Alec asked me one afternoon. "Sure, why?" I asked. "I was reading online about these people who don't use toilets, to conserve water. So I was thinking we have a contest, first one to use a toilet or pee their pants, loses." He said.

"Sounds awesome, can we use the shower?" I asked. "Shower, sink, anything but a toilet, urinal or your pants." He said. "How do we know if someone uses the toilet?" I asked. "We'll just have to trust each other, were not playing for anything, so why lie?" He said. "True." I said. "Game begins now." He said. I smiled. I loved these contests.

Days One and Two

It was friday when the contest began, neither of us worked on the weekends, so it was simple. We simply used the the sink or bathtub.

Day Three

On Monday morning, on the ride to work I began to think what I would do if I had to go. But I went before I left the house so I figured it wouldn't be a problem. I worked as a book editor. I was always professional at work, I never risked desperation or a wetting, I went whenever I had to go. Which was usually just once after lunch. Their were rumors that the editor-in-cheif was being layed off, and that one of the ten editors was being promoted, so I was always nice, and never weird around my boss.

I walked into my office building and went to my cubical. I went on working as if it was a normal day, and if was, except for the contest.

As I expected, I had to go after lunch. But I was no where close to desperate, I was almost positive I could hold on five more hours. I didn't want it to get any worse, so I didn't drink anything and kept my legs crossed under my desk.

Just an hour later, I don't know why, but I was dying. It never got this bad this fast. I just decided to stay at my desk, sitting down I was okay. As long as I didn't need to stand for a while i'd probaly be fine.

Of course with me luck, my boss called me into her office just ten minutes later. I walked into her office and went to sit down in a chair. "Oh, this will only take a second." She said. "Okay." I said and stood up painfully. I stood completley still as she spoke. She mentioned something about contacting one of her associates. But I was paying no attention, I was only focusing on squeezing my muscels extremley tightly together, so I wouldn't wet myself. "Thanks, that's all." I heard her say. I nodded and slowly walked out of the room.

The second I shut the door I bolted to the bathroom. I walked in to see the only stall occupied, and three people waiting in line. I couldn't go in the sink in front of my coworkers, no way. I sighed and walked back to my cubical.

I slowly sat down. As soon as I pulled my chair under the desk I held myself. I thought through all my options, I looked at the trash can in the corner of the cubical. No, I was to out in the open. I looked at my big gulp cup, it was still half full with soda. No, to much of a risk of spilling. I peeked out of the cubical to look for something else to use, I had to go before I left work, I knew I couldn't hold it that long, my bladder was somewhat weak from the twenty-seven hour hold.

I looked down to the editor in chiefs office, to see her leaving for a meeting. I may have been insane, but I walked down to the office and looked into the windowless room. Their was no one their. The small trash bin in the corner of the room seemed to be screaming my name. "I can't." I whispered to myself. As I went to leave, I felt a dribble of pee exit my bladder. I shut the office door and held myself desperatley. I grabbed the trash can and put it behind her desk. I couldn't beileve what I was about to do. I decided to get under the desk, just in case. I was shocked with myself as I pulled my skirt down to my ankles. I squatted over the trash can and let out a spurt. It was loud as it hit the plastic trash bag.

But it felt amazing. I continued to go. After about thirty seconds later, to my horror, I heard the door open. I immediatley stopped going and moved farther under the desk. "Just forgot the contract." I heard Ms. Garrabran (Editor-in-Cheif) say and grab someting of her desk. I desperatley held in the rest of my pee. It was extremley difficult and painful stopping halfway through a long pee. She seemed to take an eternity. She left the room. I was in awe, I couldn't beileve she didn't discover me. Two seconds after she left, I continued to reileve myself. I moaned in reilefe. I finished, and the can was halfway full. I stood up and pulled up my skirt and panties. I placed the now-heavy garbage bin, back in it's original spot. I grabbed some computer paper from the printer so it looked like I had gone into her office for a reason.

I walked out and went back to my cubical, relieved no one had caught me. I drank the rest of my big gulp.

Two hours later, on the drive home, the big gulp entered my bladder. My bladder was always very weak after an extreme holding. I decided not to even risk it, and placed the big gulp cup between my legs. I lowered my skirt, and emptied my half-full bladder. When I was finished, I dumped the cup out the window.

I got home, to see Alec sitting on the couch, squirming. "What's wrong?" I asked. "Theirs a plumber in the bathroom, he's fixing something. I'm desperate." He said. "Theirs plenty of empty bottles in the kitchen, why didn't you take it into the bedroom and go?" I asked. "Cause it drives you crazy when you see me like this." He said. "Very true. Let's wait until the plumber leaves and we'll have fun." I said and kissed him.

We talked while waiting for the bathroom to be fixed. "How was your day?" He asked me. "Let's just say that the janitor in my office building will find a suprise in my bosses office trash bin." I said. "You didn't!" He said. "I had no choice." I said and laughed.

Ten minutes later, the plumber left. He quickly ran into the bathroom. I layed in the bath tub, naked. "What are you doing?" He asked. "Just go." I said and smiled. He whipped it out and began to pee on my abdoman, even though I didn't have to go, the warm stream of pee caused me to pee as well. It felt amazing as he pee'd all over my entire body.

And of course afterwards we had incredible sex.

Stayed tuned to how the rest of the no-toilet contest played out. :)

