The Desperation of Judy Bernstein
	Subject: Wetting Story
By: Anon

Judy sat quietly working at her laptop, in her seat in the plane. The effects of last night's drinking binge slowly wearing off on the short plane ride from DC to New York. She was heading to New York for a sales meeting with two other collegues, and was finishing up some last minute work. In this time, and a little bleary, Judy had neglected to realize that she had downed three cups of coffee, and she was starting to feel the call of nature hit her as the pilot announced that the plane would be touching down in ten minutes, and that everybody should fasten their seatbelts.

Judy stood up to head to the lavatory, when the stewardess walked by and informed her that she should remain seated, and that they would be landing soon. "I just need to go to the ladies room..." The stewardess motioned for her to sit down, as the captain re-interated over the loud speaker that everybody was to remain seated, that there was turbulence ahead. Judy reluctantly sat down, and fastened her seat belt. She couldn't fasten it very tight though, because by this point she could feel the pressure of the belt pressing on her full bladder, and she started to get a little nervous. Judy had a history of urinary problems, and drinking coffee was not the greatest of ideas, since she had stopped wearing her adult diapers a few days before.

She had not had an "accident" in quite some time, and her doctor believed that most of her problem was pyschosomatic and not a physical bladder problem. The fear that she did not have access to a toilet would consume her and cause her to wet her pants, which she had been doing since she was young. Now at age 32 , this still posed a problem from time to time.

Judy was very attractive, 5'7", 120 pounds, blonde shoulder length curly hair, and brown eyes. Her friends and her parents had often remarked that she bore a striking resemblence to Goldie Hawn. Her job at the advertising agency paid well, and she dressed very nicely. Today she was wearing a pink business suit with a knee -length skirt, with white panty hose. A pair of pink 3 1/2 inch heel pumps with an ankle strap complemented her outfit. At this moment, Judy was digging the heels of her shoes into the carpet on the floor, doing everything to keep herself from wetting herself. She could feel the perspiration building up inside her shoes, and she even got a faint whiff of foot odor as she crossed her legs. 

Judy was really desperate at this point as she sat with her left leg crossed over her right, beginning to rock back and forth, tightly clamping her legs together. The fear of peeing on herself was consuming her, as it had so many times before. At least when she had been wearing the diapers, she usually made it to the ladie's room, because she knew she had the safety net, but now it was just her and the clothes she was wearing.

Judy kept crossing and uncrossing her legs, and fidgeting around in her seat, trying to find a position that would reduce the strain on her bladder. Her whole body pulsated with a tingling sensation, and her nerves fueled her need to pee. She was at the end of her rope, even though she knew the plane would land soon, she wasn't confident that she could hold it that long. She dug the heel of her left shoe inside her right shoe, digging into the arch of her stockinged foot, trying to divert some pressure to another area of her body, but all this did was make a small tear in her pantyhose. The woman in the seat next to her was definately aware of Judy's predicament by now as she watched Judy rock about in her seat, now visably sweating. "Can't you just hold it a little more?" the woman asked. "I'm trying..." Judy uttered, but just as she said this, she felt a little spurt, and a slight warm sensation in her pelvic region.

She was not sure if she had wet or not, but she knew it was only a matter of seconds before she completely pissed herself, she had to go to the bathroom now. There was a time when she was in high school when she literally could not go for 10 minutes without having to go to relieve herself, and she would always have to stay close to a bathroom. She had learned how to control herself better over the years, but this was definately testing her abilities.

She unfastened her safety belt, and started off for the bathroom again. She got about three seats down the aisle, when another stewardess came from the front of the plane to prepare for landing. "Excuse me, you really have to go to your seat, we're landing" the stewardess said, "I really have to go to the ladies room" Judy whimpered. "The plane will be on the ground in two minutes, please have a seat" the stewardess said with a smile.

"I'm going to have an accident if I don't go now" Judy said

"It looks like you already did!" a female passenger chimed in.

Judy examined the front of her skirt and then the back to discover that she had indeed peed back in her seat, the dark pink stain on the bottom of her skirt confirming this. In a moment of brief panic because of this, and the fact that the plane jerked a little causing Judy and the stewardess to lose their balance in their high-heels, Judy lost control of her bladder.

Judy stood back up, her pee racing out of her, now visable to all as it raced down her legs. She held her legs close together in a futile attempt to hide it. The urine first drenched the inside of her thighs, and then spread out wider, thoroughly drenching the front of her pantyhose. As the stream increased, it shot out, and a couple of dark pink splatter marks appeared on the front of her skirt. As the pee gushed down her legs, it randomly pooled up inside her shoes, splattered off of her shoes, and ultimately created a puddle on the carpeted floor. This went on for about 25 seconds, and Judy headed back to her seat, still peeing, all eyes upon her.

By the time she arrived back at her seat, the plane was just touching down, so Judy didn't even bother to take her seat again. The woman in the seat next to her gave her a pitiful look. Judy heard the usual murmuring and whispering, clearly she heard a small child say "Mommy, that lady wet her pants" "Shhhh" the mother said." The plane grew very quiet as the passengers stood up and started departing the plane, Judy grabbed her bag, and her leather jacket, and tried to hide her accident. Her face was beet red and flushed, her pantyhose glistened, amber droplets of piss slowly dripped off of her shoes. She tried not to make eye contact make eye contact with anyone as everyone shuffled out of the plane. She noticed people avoiding the puddle of urine as they walked out, and then pointing at her. 

Judy walked down the corridor, and into the airport, her shoes squishing with each step. She was still peeing as she walked, she figured, "Why bother" at this point. She made a beeline for the ladies room, as more people stared and commented. When she got into the bathroom, one of the women leaving chuckled to another "A little late!"

Judy put her bags and jacket down, she went into a stall, and unfastened the ankle strap of one of her shoes, she carefully took it off, and poured the contents into the toilet. She did this with the other, and placed them on the top of the toilet, both shoes completely drenched. She stood there in her wet stocking feet, feeling the cold tile floor as she considered her options. A small puddle formed around her feet as her urine dribbled off of her body. She then peeled her pantyhose off, and then her underwear. Her skirt had not recieved too much moisture, and was already starting to dry.

She didn't have another change of clothes, but she needed to get to her meeting. She threw the pantyhose in the garbage, and put the shoes and panties in her bag, and went to the gift shop to but new pantyhose. She returned back to the bathroom, and dried her shoes and underwear under the blow dryer. It only took about 10 minutes to do this, as a warm urine scent filled the air, and luckily only about two people came in while she was doing this. She got dressed again, and headed off to her meeting. In the taxi about 15 minutes later she caught a whiff of old urine, the kind you smell in a subway station, and she put on some perfume to hide the smell.

