The Nutella Girl
	Fulfilling her messy fantasy.
Author: Araw

I noticed her as soon as I sat down with my beer. She was standing at the bar, talking to the bartender. I don't know what drew my eyes to her, she was not the type I usually like. I am a very tall man, and prefer my women likewise, and she was hardly five feet. Yet there was something about her that got my attention. She was not looking in my direction, so I thought I could safely enjoy the view without annoying her. Somehow, I must have overlooked the huge mirror behind the bar; too late I realized that she could see my reflection staring rudely at her. She turned towards me, left her empty glass at the bar, and came to my table.

"If you want to stare at me, you could at least buy me a beer!"

I did not let her tell me that twice, and returned with a large beer for her.

Her name was Lisa, and we spent the next fifteen minutes chatting about nothing in particular. I felt that I was slowly making progress, when she without warning looked into my eyes and said, "I am not going to invite you home. And I am DEFINITELY not going to suck your cock!"

Her comment took me by surprise, and I must have looked quite sheepish. She looked slightly embarrassed herself, as if it had surprised her as well.

"I just mean ... the last guy really ... let me down ..."

She hesitated, obviously feeling she had already said too much. I tried to sound encouraging without sounding too eager, and fortunately she continued, although she looked quite uncomfortable by now.

"Well, he made me suck it, but then when it was his turn to return the favor, he chickened out. Such a pig!"

"Such a fool. He missed the best part!" It blurted out of me before I had time to think. Lisa looked surprised, but I think she heard that I meant it.

Now I was the one who had to explain an embarrassing comment to a woman I hardly knew. "You know, not every man dreams of a blowjob. Sure, it is fine, but no big deal. To some, going down on a beautiful woman is far more interesting."

"'To some", you say. "Does that include you?"

"Certainly," I replied.

She looked at me. Then she resumed our small-talk from a minute ago, as if this strange exchange had never happened. I took a sip from my beer, and played along.

Five minutes later, in the middle of a long explanation of why dotted socks look silly, or something like that, she looked me in my eyes again, and without warning said, "So going down on a woman beats having her suck your cock?"

"Every time!" I answered. This time I was not taken aback. Almost not, at least.

"Hmm," she seemed to be considering it. "So if I, just hypothetically of course, would invite you home on the condition that the only thing we would do would be that you eat me out, would you agree to that?"

"Absolutely, and with enthusiasm," I said, and meant it.

"I don't shave."

"Even better. I like women, not little girls!"

She looked like she considered it. I hardly dared breathing. "Perhaps that would be a bit ..." She didn't finish, just looked into the air. "What if I had a kink or two? Would you help me fulfill a weird fantasy?"

I agreed, wondering what I was agreeing to. She sat with a thoughtful expression on her beautiful face for almost a full minute, before making up her mind. For once, I was smart enough to just shut up.

"OK! Here's the plan." She reached out and took my beer. She had finished her own, but I had essentially forgotten about mine a while ago, at least half the glass was left. She literally poured it down.

"You will have to stay sober. I won't. Here is the deal. Do you like Nutella?" She explained what she wanted us to do. I happily agreed, and we left the bar hand in hand.

It was only a five minute walk to her apartment. We went in, and hung our coats. As agreed, we removed all clothes before going further into her apartment. It felt a bit strange, walking naked into an apartment that I had never seen before. She showed me around, then took me to the bedroom, and asked me to help her. We protected the sheets with a layer of old beach towels. Then we returned to the kitchen, where she quickly found two bottles of beer and a large jar of Nutella spread.

As she opened the beer, and began drinking from it, I opened the jar of Nutella, put some in my hand and started spreading it on her face. I continued down her neck, and covered first her shoulders and then her arms in a thin brown layer. Then I covered her back, stopping slightly above her butt, and turning my attention to the front side. Putting a thin layer of Nutella on her breasts took a while - of course I had to do that part of the job with extra care!

Lisa's breasts were medium-sized, but exquisite, and I took my time fondling them before continuing further down. Covering her butt and pussy in Nutella was extraordinarily erotic, and I particularly enjoyed working it into her somewhat unruly bush. I did her legs and feet while she emptied her beer. She was obviously aroused, the nipples standing erect and drops of moisture appearing on her lower lips.

She laughed, "Change of plan! Let's dance a while."

We put on some music, and danced a pretty fast dance. Dancing with a naked girl is always something special. In this case, the sight was surreal! After perhaps ten minutes, the music slowed down, and I started licking her face. She stopped dancing, and I began cleaning her with my tongue, again starting at her face and working my way down her body. She clearly had a small orgasm while I cleaned out her pussy with my tongue. When she was sort of clean again, we moved into the bedroom, on the way she grabbed the second bottle of beer, and downed it.

I admired Lisa's naked body. She was slim and fit, very beautiful, and by now visibly drunk. Here and there on her skin there were still traces of Nutella, and a few drops of excitement were running down her leg from her pussy. She grabbed her phone, and set the timer to an hour, before placing it face down on a table so we could not see the screen.

"Now begins the pussy-eating part. We both have a challenge." She was not so drunk that she could not say "challenge", but you could hear that she struggled with it.

She laughed before continuing, "Your challenge is to eat pussy for a full hour. That is a long time, I hope your tongue is in good shape.

"My challenge is to hold my pee. Don't worry, I know I can do it! It will be difficult, but I know my limits."

I laid on my back and she climbed on top, in the 69 position with her pussy over my mouth. I began eating her out. She was much smaller than me, and with her pussy well-positioned for my mouth, there was no way she could reach my cock with her mouth. But her hands began caressing my boner and my balls. Oh! She was good with her hands!

She came pretty quickly, and her wetness ran into my mouth. I just continued working at her pussy with my tongue and lips, and she soon came again. By then, my cock was ready to explode, and I finally came myself. I could not see it, my view was somewhat blocked by a pussy, but it felt like a huge load.

Lisa giggled, "You just came in my hair."

We now slowed down a bit. I still licked her, but not intensely, and she just held my now flaccid cock in her hands. But mostly we both just enjoyed lying there. Then after a while she began squirming, clearly her bladder was filling up. Every time she squirmed, her pussy rubbed against my face, and my erection quickly returned. I resumed my attack on her pussy, and soon we both came again. But this time she did not relax, instead her squirming increased. She began breathing heavily, and I could hear her mutter "I can do it," and similar words of encouragement to herself. She now completely abandoned by cock and concentrated on holding. I resumed licking, and could occasionally taste that a few drops escaped her bladder.

Suddenly, she tried to get up. I held her fast with both hands, and then she could no longer hold it. A flood of warm pee flowed over my face, into my hair, and into my half-open mouth. She shouted, "Oh no! I am so sorry!"

She clearly sounded distressed, so I gave her pussy a few good licks, and told her it was OK. Right then, the timer went off. We both sat up. She was clearly upset, and apologized profusely. It took a while before she fully accepted that I had enjoyed that part as well, but eventually she took my hand and let me to the bathroom, where we showered together, removing all traces of bodily fluids (and Nutella) from each others bodies.

After the shower, Lisa was at ease again. She even joked about how close she had been to making it. We replaced the wet sheets and towels in her bed. Then we had a snack in the kitchen, and talked about how much fun it had been. Lisa kept asking me if she had been heavy, if she had been crushing me, and if it had been uncomfortable lying with her on top for so long. Every time I assured her that she was so much smaller than me than it was not a problem, but she kept returning to the topic. Finally, she asked me if we could sleep in that position. We decided to try, and went to bed.

Of course I started eating her out again, and she gave me another fantastic hand job. We both came, and she fell asleep almost immediately after. I must admit that I had problems falling asleep with her pussy on my face. When I was finally almost asleep, her pubic hair started tickling my nose. I prefer that girls have hair between the legs, but that night I could see the advantage of a shaved pussy. We laid like that for hours, Lisa sound asleep, I wide awake. Occasionally, I would taste her, but always carefully so she did not wake up.

Finally, I must have fallen asleep. I woke up startled when she let her bladder go for the second time. She mumbled something, but did not fully wake up.
