There was a new Mexican place that my friend insisted I just had to try. I had my doubts since she's never been into spicy food. Then it dawned on me. Tammy broke her ankle a few days back and she probably had a bad case of cabin fever. There was no way I could turn her down, even in the middle of a busy Sunday.
I have to admit Tammy looks very cute on crutches. She's petite and wears these pleated mini skirts that give her the prep school girl look even though we're older than that. Everyone was very courteous at the restaurant, holding the door open for her and giving her sympathetic smiles.
I'm technically hotter, but she looks younger and more endearing. I was glad I wore my tank top and really short shorts so that I was getting some looks too.
It was a busy lunch hour. It took a while for the server to get to our table to take our orders. By the time she finally did, I had finished my tall glass of water with lemon. It was just as well since I figured Mexican food would be spicy. By the time our orders arrived, I was well into my refilled glass.
Now the thing about Mexican food is that the spiciness hits you after you swallow. So you end up gulping water for all you're worth, but it tastes so good you keep eating more. The server refilled my glass several times. Tammy ordered something much more mild.
Of course I soon became conscious of my filling bladder but it didn't seem urgent and the line at the restroom looked long. I've played pee games so I'm usually very good at calculating how much time I have but I was distracted and I really didn't realize just how much I had drank.
When we finished our food, I stood up and helped Tammy with her crutches. My bladder felt heavy and I felt distinctly uncomfortable. I unconsciously squeezed my thighs together a little. I was about to excuse myself and go stand on line when Tammy looked at her watch and grimaced.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"Oh nothing, it's just that there's this party I was invited to that's starting soon and I didn't think I could go because I can't drive until this stupid foot heals."
"I can take you," I immediately offered without thinking.
"Wow, thanks," she said, smiling. "We better leave now then."
I squeezed my legs together involuntarily at this news and gave one longing glance at the restroom, but I figured I'd be fine. The pressure was very noticeable but I didn't feel like I was in danger of losing control any time soon. I'd stop in a moment at the party to pee and then I'd be on my way.
Getting all the way across the parking lot to my car without looking like I needed to pee wasn't easy but I managed it. The liquid bounced up and down inside me as I walked and I bit my lip, willing myself not to think about it. The truth is that Tammy was too busy concentrating on using her crutches to notice anyway.
It should have only been a ten minute drive, but there was a lot of traffic. Twenty minutes into the drive found me stuck in a line of cars at a red light, gritting my teeth as Tammy chattered, oblivious to my plight. By this time, more of the water I drank earlier found its way into my bladder, forcing it to expand further. And it wasn't stopping. Every minute that passed made it seem to get worse.
I wriggled my denim shorts clad butt and clenched all my muscles tight. I wanted to hold my crotch with one hand, but Tammy would have seen and would have never let me forget it. The pressure was intense and the urges were becoming very difficult to hold back against. Sweat beaded on my forehead as I started to panic, realizing that I was reaching my limit.
Then it happened. A car swerved and I had to react quickly to avoid a very different kind of accident. But that was also the exact same time a particularly strong urge hit and I felt a spurt of hot pee squirt into my panties. That made everything worse. I was absolutely desperate. It took all my self control not to lose it right there. I bit my lip and bounced in my seat until I thankfully regained control.
"Are you okay?" Tammy asked.
"Not really," I admitted. "I really need to pee pretty badly."
That was the understatement of the year. I struggled and wiggled around for the next few minutes, but then traffic stopped moving again. The urges became really intense and I felt a slow trickle start to flow into my panties. I moaned through gritted teeth. Breathing hard, ordering my body to hold on just a little longer, I pulled over, hoping to pee behind some bushes.
I got out of the car and grabbed my bursting pussy with both hands, physically holding back the pee. But I had to unbutton and unzip my shorts and I needed both hands for the task. I pressed my thighs together as hard as I could and removed my hands so as to pull down my shorts but the pressure was too much. I couldn't hold on anymore and my pee burst out of me uncontrollably, soaking my crotch.
As the pee ran down my legs, I noticed Tammy looking at me from the car window. She didn't look disgusted though. In fact, the expression on her face was nothing short of blissful. I could also see that Tammy had a hand between her legs, under her cute pleated skirt. Was she desperate too?
Once I stopped peeing, I walked towards the car and saw the unmistakable movements of her hands. Tammy was rubbing her fingers over her panty clad pussy, head back in pleasure. Once she spotted me though, she abruptly stopped. Her cheeks turned a deep pink. She stammered an apology, but I was too busy noticing that although my soaked jeans were getting cold, my lower regions were tingly and hot. I was inexplicably turned on.
For once, I didn't think about what I was doing. I just did what felt right. I got into the car next to Tammy and touched her shoulder experimentally. She leaned towards me a little. I rubbed her side, working down towards her thighs, which opened more and more as my hands worked their way down. She moaned when I rubbed over her panties and gasped a little when I gently pulled her panties down, to reveal her slick, wet pussy. I rubbed her clit in circles as she began to grind against my fingers.
"How did it feel?" Tammy asked breathlessly. "Peeing in your shorts like that, I mean."
I was a little taken back by the question, but I kept rubbing her clit at a steady pace. "At first it was pretty scary, knowing I was going to wet myself" I said, thinking about my answer carefully. "But then I started to really like it."
"Mmmmm," Tammy moaned appreciatively.
"It just burst out of me, I couldn't help it." I continued.
That did it. Tammy arched her back and moaned loudly as she quivered, clearly having a huge orgasm. This was a totally new experience and completely blew my mind. But I knew I definitely wanted to explore it.
By: Anna J.