Night of the Living Wet (Part 5)
Episode 5 – Wet by Dawn
Laurie's jeep stopped with screeching tires in front of the fraternity house where the big party was being held. She and Cathy had been able to hear the music from down the road, but they weren't there to party. Cathy jumped out of the jeep immediately as it came to a halt and crossed her legs with both hands grabbing at her crotch.
"I don't care what you say," she snapped at Laurie, "the first thing that I am going to do, is go to the bathroom!"
"That's where we have to go," Laurie replied as she got out too and walked toward the entrance with her thighs clamped tightly together all the time.
"You're not kidding!" Cathy followed her without uncrossing her own legs– she had been leaking for some time now and just hoped that her panties had been able to absorb enough to keep the pee from showing up on her leggings.
"I'm not talking about that," Laurie said although she too was quite desperate for a pee, "it's probably the place where it's keeping Kitty!" Cathy just groaned as she hopped inside and entered the party. The fraternity house was totally crowded, with dimmed lights and loud music numbing every sense. There was no easy way for the girls to find out where the bathroom was, so Laurie signaled to Cathy that they'd better split up and go exploring. Cathy tried to get through the crowd, which was proving to be quite difficult since she was only seconds away from totally losing bladder control. Then she accidentally bumped into one of her sorority sisters, who obviously hadn't expected to see her either. Cathy was very embarrassed to have been discovered standing there with her legs crossed and a hand holding herself in the crotch like a little girl. Worse yet, she was forced to continue holding on to herself while standing there because letting go would have resulted in an uncontrollable flood of pee, which would have been even more embarrassing.
"Cathy," the girl said, "aren't you supposed to be at the sorority house?"
"Something just came up," Cathy answered as she felt herself dripping into her panties once more. Standing still sure wasn't improving her bladder control so she asked, "look, I'm really desperate to pee, is there a bathroom anywhere near here that I can use?"
A guy standing next to hear seemed to have overheard this, and signaled a friend to turn off the music; all eyes turned to Cathy and her predicament. "We have a winner!" the man screamed as two quite muscular fraternity members lifted Cathy off her feet and stood her onto the table. Cathy couldn't hold on any longer and felt the warmth spreading throughout her crotch. She tried pushing her sphincter muscles back together with both hands, but the flood refused to stop before causing a large wet patch on her crotch.
"We've been having a bladder bust competition," Cathy's sorority sister explained, "you know, free beer until someone has to pee?" Cathy stood on the table with her legs crossed, grabbing her wet crotch while looking into the crowd who in turn was eyeing her, watching her wet herself. "Pee! Pee! Pee!" they started yelling, "Pee! Pee! Pee!"
Meanwhile, Laurie had reached the stairs to the first level. She was too shy to ask around about a bathroom, but she thought that maybe following the longest line of people would get her there. Only when safely hidden among the crowd did Laurie get up the courage to grab onto her throbbing crotch. Her bladder had been full since the beginning of the evening but she knew that if she let herself pee, the creature would surely come after her, too. When the music was turned off and the crowd was yelling "Pee! Pee! Pee!" she suddenly realized the worst of what could happen next. Not only that the chanting of the crowd was making her desperation worse, but– if anybody else started peeing before she did, the monster would appear that much sooner! She saw Cathy standing on the table, with her wet crotch. "Oh no," she thought, it's already too late. Cathy felt the warm flood running into her panties and down her legs, drawing neat, dark lines down her leggings. For the second time that night, she was wetting herself –this time in plain view of the entire campus! She hid her face in both hands, which were wet with pee, crying as she felt her bladder empty. As the crowd was laughing uproariously, Laurie was having an increasingly more difficult time keeping herself under control. The sound of Cathy's peeing made her squirm, she pressed even more tightly against her crotch through her pink dress and panties. If Cathy didn't stop right away she was sure to have an accident herself!
Then Cathy stopped, and the only sound anyone could hear was her sobbing. She dripped a few last drops onto the wet tabletop, then stood there with her legs wide open, trembling; a large, wet patch could be seen starting from a bit higher than her crotch and ending down her leggings. She wasn't wearing any shoes or socks as she had been unable to get any after her earlier escape from the creature, so her bare feet were soaking wet from standing in the large yellow puddle.
Then the ground started shaking– first once, then again another time. Out of sheer fright, Laurie felt a small squirt escape into her panties; she held on even tighter with her hand and hoped that it wouldn't come through to her dress. Letting a little bit go only made her need for a pee worse! Next, the wall opposite Cathy shattered, with splinters of wood raining everywhere, as the silhouette of a monstrous hairy beast appeared where the wall had been standing only a seconds before. Panic broke out among the crowd, which caused Laurie to get a few bumps on her bloated bladder while attempting to get to Cathy, but she just managed to keep it under control. Finally she was able to grab Cathy's shaking arm with her free hand.
"Come on!" she pleaded, "We have to get out of here!" Cathy, sobbing, attempted to descend from the table but nearly slipped in her own pee. As the students were running out of the fraternity house, the creature appeared to head towards Cathy in what looked like a blind rage. Laurie was able to pull Cathy out of the way just in time before the beast hit its mighty claw upon the table, shattering it into a thousand pieces.
"Come on! We have to get out of here!" Laurie screamed as she pulled Cathy outside. A huge crowd of students had gathered there to see what was going to happen.
"It's coming after you, pee girl," a terrified male student said.
"You mind your own business!" Laurie snapped at him, "we know what it's after!" Laurie was standing with her legs crossed now, doing a subtle version of a pee– pee dance. She could feel right through her dress that her panties were already quite moist, if she didn't get to go quickly she was never going to make it.
"He's right though," Cathy said in a flash of courage, "I'll distract it, you go after Kitty!"
Laurie looked at her and saw an earnest look in Cathy's tear–filled eyes. "Okay," she said as she bent over in an attempt to stabilize her bladder, "she's probably in the bathroom – it's the most logical place, since nobody else has been using it all evening due to that bladder buster game, you know!"
At that moment the creature jumped through a window, sending shattered glass everywhere while letting out a ferocious howl. "Go!" Cathy said as she pushed Laurie towards the building, and then turned to the creature, "Hey Hairy! So you like to pick on girls who wet their pants, eh? Well, get a load of this!"
Cathy then attempted to outrun the creature, which was a task made even more difficult due to her being hampered by her soaking wet pants as Laurie ran back into the building. Entering the room where the students had been gathered earlier, she had to stop for a moment to do another pee–pee dance, much more overtly this time– she really had to go! Thinking quickly, however, she went followed along with her original idea and ran upstairs hoping that the bathrooms might be located there and found the right door almost immediately. It was taped shut with red ribbons and labeled "off limits during bladder bust!" Tipping from one foot to the other with her legs crossed, she removed the ribbons forcefully with her free hand and pushed open the door; and realized that this was undoubtedly the dirtiest bathroom she'd ever been in. The whole place was covered in a thick layer of brown goo, in which she could clearly see her friend Kitty hanging incased with her wet panties and jeans still around her ankles. Even with all the filth around, Laurie still got that feeling she got whenever she entered a bathroom; the feeling that she had to go immediately! The toilet seat was up and it really seemed appealing, even in this dirt, but she turned to Kitty instead. With her free hand, she started pulling the oozing goo off her. Soon, she seemed to regain consciousness.
"Laurie," Kitty said drowsy, "Laurie, is that you?"
"Yeah, it's me," Laurie said, desperately clutching her hand tighter and tighter around her crotch as she felt another few drops escaping.
"I think I've had an accident," Kitty said, still half asleep, "in my pants."
"It'll be a lot worse if we don't get you out of here," Laurie felt the entire weight of her friend coming down. Kitty was barely able to stand on her feet, but she did try to pull up her pants and panties– as she buttoned her jeans, Laurie noticed that there was a large wet spot remaining around her crotch.
As Laurie tried to get Kitty out of the bathroom, she saw the monster reappear at the foot of the stairs, with Cathy being held in one claw, struggling furiously. "Let go of me!" she cried, "you big oaf!"
Laurie felt a trickle running down her leg realizing that while she could hold back the rest of the flood, her panties were already totally soaked! At that moment, seeming to sense the presence of Laurie and Kitty, the creature dropped Cathy and turned towards the other two instead. Cathy started running down the stairs with Laurie following right behind her– dragging Kitty along with them. The monster hit the stairs but missed them by a hairbreadth.
"Down here!" Laurie heard Cathy scream; she had apparently found the stairs to the basement. The three girls ran downstairs, noticing that the small passageway was too tight for the creature and closing the door behind them. Immediately, the beast started pounding the door. Arriving in the basement, Laurie put Kitty down and started pacing back and forth nervously, still keeping her legs crossed and now pressing with both hands into her crotch.
"Oh my God, oh my God," she moaned, "I can't hold it anymore, I really can't hold it anymore!" She felt small leaks entering her panties and quickly running down her legs; a small patch had appeared that could be easily seen– on the front of her dress where she had been holding herself so tightly. She couldn't believe it– she was actually wetting her pants!
"I told you that you should have gone earlier," Cathy joked, feeling the texture of her soaking wet leggings.
"Didn't I have to pee, too?" Kitty wondered while still a bit drowsy, before noticing the patch on her pants. "Oh right," she added with a bit of shame. The creature was pounding on the walls upstairs, trying to break the concrete; apparently, this wasn't quite so easy as it had been with the wooden walls.
"We can get out through this window," Cathy pointed out, "the creature won't be able to fit through it, but we will."
Next, both girls heard a dripping sound coming from Laurie, who was getting paler by the minute. Small yellow puddles were appearing at her feet wherever she went. "Wow, I didn't even have to tickle you this time," Kitty joked; apparently her mind had started clearing up.
"I can't believe I'm doing this." Tears welled up in Laurie's eyes, "I figured I could hold it until we left this place, but I can't. I'm actually wetting myself!"
"Do it over here!" Cathy said, she seemed to have an idea, "we'll leave a present for our big friend up there!"
"What do you mean?" Laurie had begun to cry, but the thought of actually wetting herself to save all of them cheered her up a bit. Cathy explained herself and then Laurie hopped into a corner. From the minute she uncrossed her legs and let go of her crotch, a steady stream emerged from under her dress. There was also a large wet patch remaining on the front of flower–patterned pink dress from all the little leaks that had happened so far, but now she was completely emptying her bladder. A large puddle appeared at her feet, seeming to spread throughout the entire basement; Kitty and Cathy had to step aside carefully to avoid standing in their friend's pee. Although it was a great relief for Laurie to finally be able to pee, she was still quite ashamed that it was happening in her pants. For a moment she felt about five years old again, but then she glanced at her friends' equally wet pants and felt a bit better.
The creature finally managed to break through the walls at the top of the basement staircase and thunder downstairs. Had it eyesight, it would have just seen Cathy's wet butt crawling out of the basement window. But it couldn't see, possessing only the ability to sense urine, which led it to the great puddle on the floor– and to Laurie's panties, which had been left in the corner. As it came closer to the wet panties, it stepped into the large puddle of pee, being incapable of seeing the live electric wires the girls had carefully placed over it. The creature started feeling hundreds of volts pushing their way through its body, causing it to start shaking and smoking. Outside, the three girls could just see the fire starting in the basement and could smell burning hair. Soon the fire spread to the rest of the building and students still standing outside were none the wiser. With their legs wide open due to their wetness, all three girls walked back to Laurie's jeep. They saw the sun rising on the horizon– dawn was finally coming.
"We did it," Cathy said optimistically, "we defeated the creature!"
"We sure did," Laurie added, "but not without wetting our pants first."
"You know what the funniest thing is?" Kitty asked shyly. Cathy and Laurie eyed her suspiciously. "I really need to go to the bathroom again," Kitty admitted.
THE END
Skaat ( Email Welcome... Skaat is male )