Title: Jane In The Rain

By: Hamish

By way of introduction, I'm new to the internet watersports scene. I have been writing short stories for a few years now, but this is my first with a watersports theme. The idea of writing a story as a competition entry really appeals, and I think I can make something from the requested theme - it has potential, so here goes. 

Jane was never one for sleeping-in on a Sunday mornings. As soon as the first rays of sun started to illuminate her room, she would find herself keen to be up and about. This Sunday was no exception, so when she heard the door bell ring she was already up and decent enough to answer the door quickly. She wondered who the hell could be calling at this time, but then remembered it was today that she had agreed to go walking with Dave. As she slid the chain off the door, she glanced in the hall mirror. Her shoulder length hair was a bit messed-up, so a hand quickly did what it could to improve matters. She slowly eased the door open to see Dave's face beaming back at her with his boyish looks and welcoming grin.

'No, I hadn't forgotten Dave. Just give me a minute' Jane said as she saw his smile turn to one of concern. She was still wearing her night dress and apparently looked less awake than she thought she really was.

'Go into the kitchen Dave and stick the kettle on will you. I haven't had a drink yet' she called to Dave as she turned to go upstairs to dress.

'I've got Mike and Betty in the car, shall I ask them to come in as well?' Dave asked as he glanced at his watch. 

'We won't have to be long though' he said as a hint that Jane should make haste getting ready. Jane dashed upstairs to dress as Dave summoned the other two. As she got ready she could here the sounds from the kitchen. She had not met Mike and Betty before, but clearly they had joined Dave for a cuppa.

She had little choice of clothing suitable for a trip such as this. She had not been hiking before, but since Dave was a hiker through and through, and Jane was starting to fall in love with Dave, Jane would have to become a hiker too. She knew she would need to get all the right gear, but Dave had offered to kit her out for this trip, and knowing that Dave hated to see her in jeans, she chose her denim skirt over a comfortable black nylon half-slip.

Topped off with a lose fitting shirt she had bought the week before - too big, but comfortable. All her blouses were too feminine and delicate for today's adventure. Was wearing tights a good idea, she wondered, but what the hell, she always wore tights, so why not, and a pantie girdle as well.

You know how it is that sometimes you start to dislike someone almost as soon as you meet them. Jane found herself disliking Mike as soon as he made a tasteless remark about how she looked. She might have just laughed it off, but when Betty asked if she was going to go like that, she knew they were not her sort of people. Betty was wearing a pair of dark green chord trousers, obviously these were real hikers pants and no mistake. She also wore what looked like an old shirt, so her own choice in that department had not been vindicated.

Mike was not going to befriend Jane because he had his own plans for the day. He secretly loved contriving to embarrass young ladies. He had discovered that the greatest embarrassment came about when they needed to visit the loo, so he was well practised in the art of manipulating the circumstances to exploit to the full a girls distress at such times. Even before seeing Jane, he had laid his plans. He was actually very pleased to see that Jane was quite beautiful, and knowing that Dave was to lend her some gear told him that she was probably new to the great outdoors. Yes, he thought, today is going to be real fun. Betty was also a player in Mike's game, since Betty revelled in being confided in, then when appearing to be sympathetic to the victims dilemma, turning traitor to any 'accident' the victim may have admitted to. They were a cruel pair!

'Only one cup. It's a fair drive to the hills and I don't want to have to stop anywhere' Dave said, as much for Jane's sake as anyone elses. When he had suggested the hike, he had tactfully mentioned that "spending a penny" as he had put it, was sometimes a problem when out all day, especially for a girl. Jane had laughed it off saying 'Oh, I'll be fine', but thought it nice that Dave was so appreciative of her needs. He had mentioned that there were toilets at the car park, but Jane knew one cup of tea was not going to be a problem for her. Mike however had every intention of making that one cup of tea work its magic sooner than Jane would wish. He easily managed to add a water tablet to her cup of tea without being noticed.

The bottle of diuretic tablets that he had stolen from Betty's grandmother had been the cause of many an innocent victim's distress, and Mike was determined to make Jane the next victim of circumstance. Betty was aware of the addition to Jane's tea, so started to form a bond with Jane, so she would feel easier about expressing her need later - in a girl-to- girl whisper possibly. She could easily avoid liking Jane, since she also fancied Dave, but Dave only had eyes for Jane. Silly bitch, Betty though, fancy wearing a skirt for hiking! And tights as well; she deserved all that was coming to her.

Each in turn went 'upstairs' before setting off. Mike was driving Dave's car, and Jane hoped Dave would ride in the back, so she could snuggle up against him, but he had been promoted to the position of official trip navigator, so had to take the front seat, leaving Jane and Betty together in the back. Jane soon started to open-up to Betty, who perhaps was not too bad after all. Betty was of course laying the foundations of the plan, so she talked girl-talk with Jane, while getting quite a thrill out of seeing Jane's trust develop. After the best part of an hour had passed, Betty was pleased to see that Jane had become less willing to make conversation.

She had a more serious look on her face - biting her lower lip every now and then - and her posture was telling Betty all she needed to know. Jane was uncomfortable, not just because of the physical discomfort of having a really full bladder, so much as out of fear of what was to come. Why do I need a loo so soon, she repeatedly asked herself. How could she ask Dave to stop somewhere for her to go, and where the heck could she go anyway. She realised she had no choice but to wait, but how much longer was the journey going to take! Betty had judged that now was the time to appear to come to Jane's help, so she leaned across to Jane and whispered 'I wish I hadn't had that cup of tea. It's making me want to go wee wee'.

She was in fact almost empty, but it resulted in the hoped for response 'Oh, me too'.  Betty flushed with excitement. Now to raise the stakes she thought as he announced to the men folk in the front 'Some of us girls have to go powder our noses'. She loved this expression. Very few men - even those who had never heard a girl ask for a toilet this way - could fail to understand the real nature of the request, after a second or two's thought. 'Oh' was Dave's reply. He turned to see two red faces, one through genuine embarrassment, the other caused by sheer excitement. 'We'll be there in about twenty minutes, if that's ok, or do you want to go sooner?'. Betty responded 'Don't stop on my account' leaving Jane to face the prospect of having to be the one to ask for more immediate relief.

Naturally, she couldn't. 'No Dave, no really, I'm fine.'. She was now committed. Dave replied 'That's probably as well since I don't remember there being any loos around here'. Jane slumped down a little in her seat. There was too little room for her to cross her legs. How in hell was she going to wait another twenty minutes! Betty took hold of Jane's hand and squeezed it in mock affection. Jane found it easier to bear knowing Betty was also in really urgent need of relief, and Betty obligingly shammed a squirm of desperation.

After twenty five minutes - every one countered off by Jane, they pulled into the car park. Jane was frantically looking for the loos. Three largish buildings stood at the end of the car park. The middle one displaying the sign "Visitors Centre and Toilets", but the car park was full. No where to park! Mike said, 'There's another small area two miles up the road where we can probably get in' and was starting to drive away when Dave chipped in 'Hang on Mike, the girls need to use the loo'. God bless Dave thought Jane believing disaster was now almost certain. 'I think you had better drive back to the loos. I think Jane would appreciate it'. Jane wanted to kiss Dave for coming to her rescue.

The walk to the ladies was terrible, even though it was only a short distance. Jane was very glad to see there wasn't a queue, as there were quite a few people outside the visitors centre, and queuing always attracted the wrong kind of attention. Jane quickly found a cubicle, raising her skirt almost before the door was closed, so urgent was her need. Betty, on the other hand, attended to her needs in a much more leisurely manner. She would probably not have used the loo, since her need was almost entirely contrived. She was excited at hearing Jane in the next cubicle as she obtained the relief she so desperately needed.

Back in the car, Mike was so excited at how things had worked out that he had to get out of the car in case Dave noticed his arousal. He was not going to share any of his fun with Dave! He was very pleased how well his plan had gone so far. He thought for a time that Jane might lose her water in the back of the car, and that would have been a real turn-on, but would have ruined the rest of the day. She would have insisted in going straight home to wash and change. As it was, Betty was doing her bit exquisitely in gaining Jane's confidence. She would share with him all the little details of the girlie-talk and the confidences revealed to her so innocently by Jane, many times over the coming evenings, and he would tell Betty all about his arousal at seeing Jane fighting to hide her dilemma.

Jane emerged from the loo feeling so good. The overcast sky did nothing to reduce her happiness. She strode back to the car and flung her arms around Dave's massive chest and gave him a quick kiss, just for being Dave. Mike watched the display, even though it was so quick. His only pleasure was knowing that Jane would most definitely be shamed in front of Dave before the day was out. He would see to that!

Dave now got in the back seat and pulled Jane in beside him, Jane was giggling like a school girl, and Dave was soon to join in. Betty returned from her long stay in the loo, and took her place, rather solemnly in the front. Mike flopped into the driver's seat and quickly started the car, revving the engine unnecessarily, as he let the clutch in sharply. Dave and Jane were happy to be tossed around together. Mike yelled over the noise of the engine that they would park up the road about two miles, where there was usually some room.

Dave wondered why Mike seemed a bit sulky as they kitted-up. Dave, good as his word, laid before Jane, a pair of hiking boots, socks and a day-sack with packed lunch and waterproofs 

'I'm sure you'll find these boots fit, as the socks are quite thick. Do you want to take your tights off first?' Dave asked.

'No' Jane said 'Why, do you think I should?'

'Not if you don't want to. I just thought that if there's any brambles you might get them snagged, but this is an easy walk, so I suppose you know best'.

Jane let Dave fuss over her, adjusting the shoulder straps of her rucksack and generally playing the boss. In contrast, Mike and Betty were ready for the off long before Dave was satisfied that all was right with his girl.

They paired off; Mike and Betty together taking the lead while Dave and Jane were content to fall in behind.

Mike called back 'It's a bit of a climb for the first two miles, but the view from the top is worth it'.

Dave had done this walk before, but it was all new to Jane. She plodded along, unaccustomed to the weight of heavy boots and the pace being set by the others. She was starting to sweat. Even though the sky was very grey, it was unpleasantly warm. The other thing she noticed was that her bladder was not totally empty anymore. You know how it is after having held rather too much for rather too long; you can experience sudden urges for hours afterwards, when in fact your bladder is holding comparatively little. Jane was still unaware of the diuretic Mike had slipped in her tea.

Mike knew that not all the diuretic would have left her system during the wee she had had a short while back. He was watching with an eagle's eye for signs of distress. He was content to be patient. Both Mike and Betty where well practised in managing their own needs. They could always manage to avoid having to go long past the point where all others in the party would have relieved themselves several times. They knew they could only really enjoy seeing the embarrassment in others as long as it never applied to them. Jane stopped, dumped her bag on the ground and wiped the beads of perspiration from her brow. Dave turned and stopped. 'It's warm!', he said, expressing the obvious.

Now mike was on the scene. 'You need to drink a lot you know; it's easy to become dehydrated in hot weather.' He reached in his bag and took out a large polythene bottle containing orange squash, and since it had been laced with two "Bladder Bombshells" - as Mike called his stolen secret supply of diuretic tablets, it was to be held in reserve for consumption by his chosen victim only. Jane was thirsty, but she was also aware of the need to be careful. As she took a drink she thought back to her struggles in the car. At least she knew then how long she would have to wait, and that there would be relief on arrival at the car park.

Now she was starting to worry. With no prospects of finding a toilet for God knows how long, and her need to go already distracting her from most other things, she could see all to clearly that she was in a bit of a fix. Mike was telling her to take a really long drink, and she was thirsty, and anyway, there was no way she was going to hold out all day, so she did allow herself to drink rather more than was really wise. Mike grinned with delight as she swallowed repeatedly. Dave was about to take a swig when Mike quickly retrieved the bottle. He didn't want to waste any of this on Dave. as he took it back with one hand, the other pulled out a can of coke from his bag. 'Here you are Dave', tossing the can in Dave's direction. Mike then pretended to drink some of the orange squash, before returning the bottle to his sack. As they started off again, Jane started to feel better. The rest had helped.

Soon they were clear of the wooded valley. The path took them almost to the top of the hill, it then tracked round the summit, reaching the ridge some distance further on. The line taken by the path from the ridge onwards could be seen for several miles. The bright coloured clothing of other walkers stood out sharply against the heavy grey sky. It was starting to drizzle as they reached level ground. They stood for a while waiting for Jane to catch up, during which time Mike pointed out that the view from up here was fantastic, on a clear day. Today, the view was of a gloomy rain-lashed valley, with many equally gloomy looking sheep. They did get a good view of the approaching black clouds, so as soon as Jane reached the top, Dave said he was going to put on his waterproofs now.

Jane found standing still difficult. Oh God! She thought as she looked around for a loo. She had never before faced the prospect of having to relieve herself outside. Not at least in such an exposed place as this. She was quite at a loss as to how to attempt it. She remembered when she had wet herself years ago at the seaside. How the wee had trickled down her legs; how she had run along the beach, crying, as so many eyes had watched her in her desperate plight. Her present situation scared her even more. There was no where to run to. No chance of finding a loo. There was absolutely no natural cover up here, and worst of all was the line of other hikers, who must surely soon witness her distress. Dave helped her into the kag he had provided. It was a very lose fit. He felt her shiver as she wriggled about.

'Stand still girl, you don't have to struggle. It's big enough for two almost.' Dave remarked, totally misunderstanding the reason for her twisting and turning.

She wanted to tell him; confide in him, but what would he say, what could he do to help her. She just said 'I'm a bit cold' and then held back from saying 'and bursting to go to the toilet'. She could not bring herself to voice the words!

Betty and Mike had been keenly observing Jane, but since they were so well practised in concealing their interest, neither Jane or Dave was aware of it.

Betty came over to Jane's side and whispered in Jane's ear. 'Don't let the men folk see you hopping around like that, they'll know you need to go again. You know there's nowhere to go up here love, so you must try to control yourself.'

Jane was so relieved to know that someone else knew of her predicament, and that it had not been either of the men. 'Perhaps we can help each other out' Betty said in a cheerful tone, to which Jane asked Betty if she was needing to go as well. Jane was almost sure Betty wanted to go, but she was showing no signs of her need. Betty just smiled and gave Jane a confirming nod.

'Come on you girls' Mike said just as Jane was going to ask Betty if she could think of a way out of their mutual dilemma, but the opportunity was lost as Betty started off again. After a few steps, she saw Jane was still standing there - stiff legged and looking like she was going to lose control right there and then. She quickly came to Jane's side and put an arm round her, shaking her gently.

'Jane, Jane' she whispered.

Jane looked up with tearful eyes. 'I'm going' she confided. 'Oh God, don't let them see me!' she added as her voice turned into a whisper. Betty shook Jane's shoulders harder this time and looked into her sad looking eyes.

'Stop it! Stop it now girl!' she said harshly.

Jane fought back to regain control. With a visible shudder she managed to stem the flow. She wanted to pull up her skirt. She wanted to prevent the wetness she could feel from spreading to soak her slip and skirt. She wanted to relax most of all and let her ache subside. Jane looked into Betty's eyes and managed a confirming nod to tell Betty that she had regained control.

'Listen' said Betty, 'You must manage until we stop for lunch. I'll then tell the boys we are going to have to take a wee, then we can find somewhere to go together. I know you're hurting, but there's no where around here either of us can go is there?' After a moment, she added 'Come on then Jane, We'll manage together somehow.'

Jane just nodded again, She knew Betty was right, she would have to hold out. She took a few steps, feeling the wetness between her legs remind her of her plight. She knew her slip was soaking up some of the wetness as she felt it starting to cling to the top of her legs.

'Stride out Jane. Don't walk like that. Don't let the men to know you're wet love.' Betty said as she gently squeezed Jane's cold and limp hand. 'Does it show?' Jane dared to ask. She dreaded the answer might be yes, but she hoped her denim shirt was hiding the wetness of her slip from view. She had only lost control for a few seconds, so there couldn't be much. Her kag was too short to cover her skirt, only coming down to her hips, but at least that might hide it a bit.

'No, don't worry. Think yourself lucky you're not wearing trousers!' Betty was wearing chord trousers.

'You mean you?' Jane asked, without finishing the question. Her eyes went down to Betty's crouch.

'Just a drop or two, but I've been on these trips before. I always take precautions to make damn sure nothing soaks through.' Betty confided, even though she had little need for a wee. It was all part of the terrible game she loved to play.

Jane thought about asking what precautions, but it was not going to help her now. As she forced herself to walk as normally as she could, the need to resume her release eased slightly. She could not allow herself to fidget, but walking quickly was the next best thing.

Betty held Jane in conversation as they walked and waited for the lunch time stop. Jane gave little thought to what she was saying to Betty, as most of her attention was focused on making it through to lunch without any further incidents. The two girls were together, sharing little secrets, walking with their heads down into the rain. Dave and Mike were also content to leave the two girls together, since they seemed to be getting on really well. Dave was totally unaware of the drama that had unfolded a little while ago. Mike, on the other hand was fully aware of what Betty was doing, so he kept Dave's attention away from Jane.

Soon they dropped off the ridge to a small shallow sided valley. 'This is as good a place to stop for a bight as any' said Mike. Dave glanced around and said 'Ok - I'm dying for a slash. I'll go before the girls arrive'. 'Me too' was Mikes reply. They both stood there in the rain, each watering the limestone rocks. Mike took ages to start because he had been thinking of Jane, what she must be going through, and what she would surely be forced to do during this break. Eventually he managed to tear his mind away long enough for his erection to slacken enough to manage a short piss. 'Pity we can't get out of the rain' Mike heard Dave call while straining to take full advantage of the moment. This instantly dragged his mind back to the present, and with it Jane. His excitement returned, cutting off any chances of gaining any more relief. Dave continued 'Not much cover for the girls'. Too damn right, thought Mike as his erection returned with renewed vigour.

Betty and Jane appeared as Mike was fighting to hide his erection and close his trouser zip.

'We'll stop here for lunch Dave said to Betty. Jane anxiously scanned the area, hoping to find some cover for the longed for relief, but apart from the remains of a low stone wall and a few isolated clumps of scraggy gorse there was nothing. Jane looked tearfully into Betty's eyes and tugged her sleeve, as if to say what the hell am I going to do now! What followed was beyond Jane's imagination.

'Dave' Betty exclaimed in a load and purposeful tone. 'Guess where Jane wants to go!'. Then as all eyes turned to look at Jane, Betty continued 'She's been wetting herself and telling me she needed to go some place for a wee for ages.'

Jane flushed bright red. How could Betty do this to her. Why had Betty revealed her desperation in such a callous and cruel fashion, after all hadn't Betty also said she was needing to go. Her heart was pounding as another wave of almost unstoppable intensity forced Jane to fight furiously for control. She had to bend her knees and lean forward during the spasm. Her contorted face could no longer hide her desperation, as tears started to gather in her eyes. 

Betty was soaking up the anguish shame and fear that was radiating from Jane's every fibre. Mike was rigid with excitement at seeing the climax of Jane's dilemma. She looked so fragile and totally helpless standing there holding on with every bit of strength she had. Avoiding any motion that might serve to demonstrate how close to losing control she really was, but still being forced into so unnatural a posture by her frantic, bursting bladder. He glared at the hem of her skirt for the signs of a lost battle, but the rain had already darkened the denim below her kag, so he had to rely on his imagination to further his excitement. His senses were keenly aware of every slight gesture, movement and sound Jane was making, and his racing mind was feeding greedily on every aspect of the drama unfolding before him.

Jane started to sob freely as Dave's big sympathetic eyes looked into Jane's. His arms wrapped round her and Jane was aware of being swept away from the others as Dave strode quickly back up the path with Jane cradled in his arms. 'Stay there!' he called back to Mike and Betty as the dropped down from view of the others. The movement was causing her to lose spurts of wee. Dave could feel her trembling with fatigue as she fought a losing battle. He whispered 'Jane love, my dear sweet Jane. Just hold on a moment longer until we get away from view'. She tried to force a smile on her face but instead just bit her lip and clenched her legs tightly together, as she was being carried along in Dave's grasp.

After a few more steps, Dave stopped, looked around, and seeing that they were alone, relaxed his support. 'Can you manage to?' the sentence went unfinished. He tried again. 'What I mean is do you think you could?' another unfinished sentence.

Jane admitted between sobs that she had never weed outdoors before. She looked around for some cover but there was absolutely none. 'Go on love, you've got to go while were alone. I'll keep a lookout.' Jane's bladder was no longer going to be controlled, it started to force a stream of wee past the tired muscle defences that had held so mach back for so long. Jane knew this was it. She crouched down as the hot stream spurted into to knickers. It quickly soaked her pantie girdle and her tights as an ocean of wee washed onto and through her slip to puddle up around her bum and more slowly soak through her denim skirt.

She knew at once that she should have tugged up her skirt and slip, or at least not have crouched down, but this was the first time she had ever relieved herself in the open, and it was too late now, she was soaked through. As relief came, the volume of fluid grew, and wet even higher regions of her back. Feeling the warmth approaching her waist at the back was too much and she stood up. A wash of warm wee went cascading down the back of her legs, wetting her socks and even leaking into the top of her boots. It was such a torrent that Dave heard the sound and turned around to see Jane looking down at the mess she was in. She stood there with legs apart as wide as her skirt would allow. Her skirt was still dripping as she turned to face Dave again.

Such had been her tension and the relief so profound that she suddenly found her legs give way, and she crumpled in a heap on the wet ground, sobbing freely. Dave slumped down beside her and put his arm round her neck, pulling her head into his chest. Resting his chin on the top of her head as she let out her tears, Dave understood all she was feeling. He was in love with Jane.

She had been so determined not to let him know of her desperate need; so shy, so scared. She had battled for so long against impossible odds, and now all the barriers of pretence were down. He had seen her control and dignity torn away from her as she was finally overcome by the final bladder contraction that had broken down her remaining defences. He knew she had lived through her greatest dread - having him see her lose out to the worst dilemma a girl can be faced with. He wanted to absorb all the dread and shame his girl was feeling. If only she had found the courage to tell him of her dilemma, so much suffering might have been avoided. 

Jane could feel Dave's love for her pushing aside her shame and fear. He's incredible, thought Jane, as finally she dared to look up into his eyes.

'I'm so sorry Dave, you must think me a silly fool, but?'

'Shush. Don't fret. I should have known something was wrong' Dave said softly. 'Come on now'. He stood up and offered both hands to Jane, who was not too willing to move. 'Come on love, give me your hands.'

Jane slowly stood up, feeling her slip clinging to her legs. She was totally soaked through. 'Dave' she said in renewed fear at the prospect of facing Mike and Betty. They would take great delight in seeing the state she was now in, and she no longer thought of Betty as a confidante, but a mean sadistic bitch. The way she had behaved towards her a little earlier was proof of that.

Dave looked Jane in the eyes again. 'The truth now - no more secrets! Do you still need to go some more?'

Jane didn't redden, as she would have done only a short while ago, instead she was able to answer him without any embarrassment at all. 'No, I'm empty. I lost it all'. She managed a small grin, which quickly become a look of anguish again. 'But I can't let the others see me like this' She gestured with her had to indicate that she knew her soaked skirt and streaky wet tights would plainly announce what she had done, to even a casual observer, and Mike and Betty were anything but casual in their observations.

'I don't give a damn what they think!' Dave said with some annoyance in his tone. 'Let's hope they're silly enough to make a comment; that's all; besides, your skirt doesn't look any wetter than it did before. You've got the rain to thank for that.' Jane added 'And a kag that's too short!' 'No silly, its not a overcoat!' Dave replied while leading Jane back to the path. Jane actually started to feel happy again.

Mike and Betty had not been sitting around innocently waiting; they had both reached a climax of excitement after humiliating Jane so completely. Intercourse was the only release possible. It was quick and powerful. They knew today's events would be remembered and relived time and time again during their love-making, over the coming weeks. Every excruciating detail would be played-out again to its fullest. But here and now they both climaxed quickly. It was none the less intense, even though it had been quick. It left them both oblivious of the rain, their surroundings and their very wet clothing. Much of which came from rolling in the rain soaked grass during their struggles, but not all. Betty had intentionally wet herself just before making love. She found this so incredibly exciting, and Mike always responded well to seeing her in this state. So there they sat as Dave then Jane returned from their own adventure, which had curiously enough strengthened the bond between them quite considerably.

Dave noticed how Betty seemed different in some way. The silly look on Mikes and Betty's faces told him that something had happened. He thought that they had probably welcomed the solitude to attend to their own urgent needs. That had certainly been true, but not in a way Dave imagined. Dave was very relieved, for Jane's sake, to see no intention on Betty's part to continue the humiliation of his girl.

Jane approached the others cautiously, hardly daring to see if Mike and Betty were looking at her wet skirt. When she did venture a glance, she was relieved and not a little surprised to see they hardly appeared to be aware of her return. That suited Jane just fine. Dave had conjured up a cob and a can of coke, and gestured to Jane's bag. 'Tuck in girl'. She realised how hungry she was, so she soon found the little lunch box she had been carrying in her bag. She no longer cared about her wetness, sitting there in the rain, enjoying the rather bland ham cob, but really content sitting next to Dave. Mike and Betty soon realised they too were hungry, and attacked their lunch with relish. They said very little, Each pair just watching the sad looking sheep moping around in the rain.

The walk back was uncomfortable for both the girls, but neither really minded too much. Betty no longer seemed interested in Jane, and Jane had little desire to change it. She would never again confess any secrets to Betty.

Jane was completely absorbed in hearing everything Dave had to say, and he was uncommonly talkative now, so the rest of the walk was not unpleasant, in spite of the horrid weather.

When the car came into view, Jane knew she needed to wee before getting in, but this time, to her own amazement, she just said to Dave 'I need another wee Dave.' feeling none of the embarrassment she expected. Dave seemed easy about it too. 'Just let it out love, you can't get much wetter can you'. She had a moment of indecision and fear before relaxing and letting her water go. The warm feeling made Jane redden slightly, but this time it was not unpleasant, in fact, shamefully she found she rather enjoyed it. Dave helped her off with her boots, and thoughtfully asked her if she had managed to go. Jane was happy to tell him that she had, and loved him so much for caring.

She enjoyed the drive home. Dave had put a polythene sheet across the back seats so they didn't have to worry about the car. He was in the back with her and they talked and laughed and enjoyed each others company. Mike and Betty were lost in their own thoughts - already planning an evenings fun together, based on the drama they had stage-managed, and seen acted out by Jane. Mike thought about telling Dave of how he had managed to get Jane to play out her role in the days events, but decided not to since he knew there was a really good chance that Dave might not appreciate his cruel scheming. Dave would probably tell Jane, and that would really spoil his fun. It was far better to play the innocent onlooker than have them know of his strange fancies. 

Upon returning to Jane's flat, Dave and Jane also had an evenings fun. There relationship had developed into something really special, and the intimacy and trust that had matured so quickly and completely today elevated their love-making to unimagined heights. Jane had found her white- knight, and Dave would always love "Jane in the rain".
