"Why'd I not go when we got here!" though Jenny as she squirmed desperately, crossing her tanned legs as she sat on the metal bench. Arriving just and hour ago, their coach had told them to use the bathroom before stretching, but Jenny being anxious as she was didn't need to, or at least not thinking they did. Stretching finished and first call going out for her event, signals from her filing bladder coming in quickly got her attention. Own nervousness adding to the dilemma, coach's pep talk wasn't helping at this point. Hoping no one would notice her light bouncing crossed legs, maybe a bathroom tip before the race could be worked in.
" All runners for the girls 400 meter report to the starting line."
Shit! Dreams of her tight butt on the toilet seat as the gallons of urine a weakening bladder held being released vanished, almost having an accident as she got up. Knowing she was the hottest girl there, tight purple uniform top around her 34C's, while matching purple running shorts covered the most sought after ass in Jeferson High. Perfect tan highlighting the almost perfect package, constantly the envy of cheerleaders who couldn't turn heads like the rhythmic movements of her body. Deep auburn hair gleaming in the sun, eyes noticing several guys, plus a few girls, checking her out. Checking in at the starting line, official saying there wasn't time for a bathroom trip before the start of the race, Jenny cautiously made her way to the third turn for the relay race.
While walking, a small twinge from her bladder suddenly gave Jenny a slight warm, wet feeling in the crotch of her white JockeyforHer high–cuts, no visible wet spot showing on her shorts. Knowing she couldn't run the race this way, a solution that earlier was impossible was becoming more and more likely– peeing her pants. Mind over body not working, Jenny didn't know how much longer those Jockeys would stay dry. Start looming near, suddenly her bladder made the decision for her. Pulsing spasms racking her body, she felt the first warm, wet gush fill her panties. Wet spot the size of a nickel on her bright purple shorts, maybe a small squirt would let her make it to the bathroom. But as with all teenage girls, the first squirt was only the first. Nipples growing hard under her new sport bra, a second gush filled her panties to capacity, pee starting to trickle down her leg. Squatting quickly, Jenny could only moan quietly as floodgates opened and embarrassment began. Feeling her Jockey panties were soaked, gentle splattering of pee on the track below spurred on the flood, nickel sized stain spreading across her purple shorts all the way to her waist. Girls next to her seeing the puddle, they giggled in amusement as she finished.
Standing, her purple shorts were soaked dark, squatting saving her new track shoes but adding to the embarrassment. Pulling at the waistband, she snuck a peek at her Jockey panties. Once bright white, yellow staining from her urine dyed the panties. Jenny later confessed to her best fiend that she had an intense orgasm during her accident, fighting to keep fidgeting hands away from her crotch as tough as not moaning as climax hit her. Now her hard nipples and empty bladder energized her, starter's pistols going off as the race began. Running the fastest race ever after her accident left Jenny wondering if pissing her panties before a race was good luck. Besides, she always kept a spare pair of panties and shorts with her for emergencies.
Winning a state championship was worth a little embarrassment, especially if it was fun!
Judy