Thy was tied up. She was tied up well. She couldn't wriggle free. When the men had left before she had tried. They were behind a cop style mirror, where she couldn't see them, but they could watch every move she made.
Her wrists were tied behind her, fastened to her ankles. There was a rope around her knees, pulling them apart, and she was slightly suspended from above, where ropes under her arms held her up. Her body was arched back, pushing out her breasts, and her legs were apart enough that Thy knew the men would be looking at her pussy.
Occasionally she heard murmurs from behind the glass, and caught a word of English here and there. Thy was Japanese, and was in the country on a student exchange program. She knew very little English, barely able to travel about alone, or shop.
Thy had been sightseeing alone, and had needed the loo, and had almost had an accident trying to get help to find one. Her desperation had finally been obvious enough, despite her efforts to conceal it, that someone had walked her to the toilet. Thy had been leaking in her underwear, and had barely managed to walk into the loo and get into a stall before she lost total control. She had stood wetting her knickers trying to lock the stall door.
A slap on the ass brought Thy back from her thoughts to the present. A straw was held to her lips, their intention was clear. She was to drink. She sipped tentatively at the straw, and found it was coke. She stopped for breath, and the straw was shoved into her mouth again. She kept drinking until she felt like she was going to vomit.
They left her alone, until she was shifting about bursting to pee. She couldn't hold it very long with all that coke in her belly. Within moments she was at the edge of her control. Her underwear dampened as a leak escaped, followed by more and more, as she totally wet herself. Her jeans were glistening with wetness, which pooled beneath her on the tiles. Thy kept trying to control the flow, which poured out of her, but it was useless. Too much liquid and too much time were against her.
By: Sweet Panty Girl