Wet Punishment: His Perspective
	Chrysse's 'Wet Punishment' told by him.
Author: Cyberguy

Dear reader: This story is a retelling of Chrysse's story Wet Punishment told from the male perspective. My first encounter with Chrysse was when I saw a picture she posted of her peeing pussy on the Amateur pics board, one of the many pictures of this sexy woman that can be found there. When she asked if anyone wanted to read the story she had just written, I responded and she sent it to me. As I read her fantasy, I rewrote the story from the male perspective. I shared it with her and she asked me to share it with you, so here it is!

* * * * *

I pick you up and feel my cock twitch in my jeans at the very sight of you. Everything about your look, from your black velvet heels to your black lace stretch top, says bend me over and fuck me hard. "All in good time" I think as I watch you swing your legs into my car, your black miniskirt leaving your creamy thighs teasingly exposed above your black silk stockings.

I take you to a hot club and we dance closely on the dark, crowded floor. Any inhibitions we might have had give way under the onslaught of alcohol and raw sexual tension. I grope you liberally while we dance; knowing that being touched while others may be watching drives you crazy. I know you are ready to fuck now, and I tease you, pressing my stiff cock against your ass while my arms wrap around you and my fingers slide beneath your black mini to probe your slick cunt. You squirm and tell me you need to pee, but I say "No." I'm not letting you go anywhere; you're staying here with me. Your pussy is so wet. I know what is coming and finger fuck you faster to the beat as I sense your desperation build.

A warm trickle runs down my fingers, your sweet pee is escaping your pussy! Not yet, not that easily! I warn you, then press you to a point beyond which I know you can't control. The music is loud and the floor is packed with dancers. Does anyone notice my hand working fervently beneath your skirt or the tenseness in your body as you strain to withhold the contents of your bladder under the duress of my non-stop stimulation to your g-spot and clit?

A torrent of urine floods my hand as you surrender and start to pee yourself in the middle of the dance floor. You regain control, but it is too late, my plan has worked perfectly and it's time to take you some place private and leave your little puddle for others to wonder what happened there. I smile as I see you resort to holding your hand to your pussy through your pee-drenched skirt as we exit the crowd, knowing your actions are drawing the eyes of every guy we pass by.

I warn you not to pee in my car. I want to be sure your bladder is full for our adventures ahead, and I know your urgency is filling your mind with thoughts of peeing in the most inappropriate ways! Once at my place it is time for your punishment. I yank your skirt up to expose your sweet sexy ass and bring my hand down on it hard, spanking you for your loss of control.

I know you love it and give you exactly what you want. I bring my hand down on your cheeks again and again, watching them turn pink and then red with each resounding slap. I know you're going to lose control soon and I want you to. I want you to cum and I want you to pee. You beg me to allow your release and finally I give it to you, bending you over the leather chair and pulling your panties down. Before I can get my jeans off, you start peeing right there in my living room, your pee squirting out of you on the chair, the floor, your legs! I quickly spread your legs and slam my cock hard into your still-peeing pussy.

You have me so turned on now! I fuck your soaking cunt hard, pounding my cock into you as I feel my cum build in my balls. Your dripping wet pussy feels so incredible wrapped around my cock! Ohhhhhhhhhh, I cum deep inside you, adding my hot, sticky cum to the glorious mess of fluids mingled between your legs.

My cock begins to soften and I know it is time to give you your reward and achieve my own relief. I bring you to your knees in front of me and spray your now-naked body with a long golden shower, directing my pee everywhere over what is mine: your breasts, your clit, your face, your hair. I save the final spurts for your pussy, spraying it with my dwindling stream as I watch your fingers milk the last waves of orgasm from your trembling body.

I smile down at you, my bad girl, your naked flesh and gaping pussy glistening with sweat and cum and pee. I wonder if you have learned your lesson, or if I'll soon have to punish you again...

Thanks for reading! Please take the time to vote and/or send feedback!

