Title: Look out below!
	Entry to: Month 23
By: Mike

Rebecca sat gagged and duct-taped to a chair in an empty room. She'd been kidnaped early that morning while on her way to work, she supposed by the Front for Popular Effort, a terrorist group that had been doing lots of kidnapings recently, to gain attention for their cause, whatever it is. Their leader seems to take a lot of drugs, which makes him hard to understand. Some of their captives were killed, some are still being held, but a half-dozen or so have been rescued. She hoped she'd be able to join that group.

For now, though, her thoughts mostly centered on her increasingly full bladder. She hadn't pissed since five in the morning, when she had awakened feeling very thirsty. She went to the bathroom to get a glass of water, or two, actually, and while there also pissed. When she woke up at at six-thirty she skipped her usual first-thing-in-the-morning piss because she didn't feel any urge to go again. 

She drank a glass of water, and then with breakfast drank two big mugs of coffee and a big glass of orange juice, and then more water while brushing her teeth. She has a capacious bladder, and when she left for work she was feeling only the slightest signs of her bladder filling and decided that, given the large size of her bladder, there was no need to stop to pee yet.

She had not counted on being tied to a chair all day. Her captors had not even entered the room all day. She know that eventually, if her captors didn't check on her and allow her to use a bathroom, she'd just have to wet herself. She was worried about this, because she had a sort of psychological hang up about wetting herself. Although she was not shy about squatting in the bushes or hanging her bare ass over the side of a boat, the thought of pissing her pants made her urinary tract close up.

She thought about the one time she'd really tried to wet her pants as an adult. She'd been out with some friends in a coffee shop, drinking lots of coffee over the course of a few hours. When she left to head home she had to pee, but there were two women waiting in line for the one women's toilet, and she figured that with her large bladder she'd have no trouble waiting until she got home. As she got out on the highway her need to piss got worse rapidly, and then she got stuck in a massive traffic jam.

Traffic alternated between creeping along and totally stopped, and she was miles from the next exit. As her bladder filled she was in such discomfort that she really wanted to pull off to the side to get out and squat, even though privacy was decidedly lacking, but she was stuck in the center lane. Finally she had to piss so badly that she decided to just wet herself, but she couldn't do it. She was desperate for relief and kept straining to just go, but a few tiny dribbles that barely moistened her panties was all she could do.

Finally traffic started creeping a bit faster and she managed to change lanes and pull off to the side. Too desperate to care how many people saw her, she got out and hurried around to the passenger side of the car, where she dropped her pants and squatted. She wondered if she'd be able to wet herself today when the time came.

She'd been feeling a significant urge to urinate since shortly after her abduction. It got worse rapidly at first, then, since she'd not had anything to drink, the rate of desperation increase had slowed down, but even so, kidneys keep on working and her bladder, very full by around noon time, has been gradually getting even more painfully full all day. For hours now she's been too desperate to think of anything but her bladder.

Her meditation on desperation was interrupted when she heard a muffled but loud bang, followed by lots of shouting and a few smaller bangs. The door flew open and a man ran in. "I'm here to rescue you. My name's Morris." He was tall and muscular, armed, and, judging from the earphone, in radio contact with his team. He cut away her gag and the tape. "Are you Ok?"

"Fine, except for a really urgent need to piss."

"No time for that, you'll just have to wait. Follow me." He shouted some code-phrase into his radio as they ran down the hallway, into a stairwell, down two flights, back down another hallway, (past a women's restroom, Rebecca noticed with chagrin) then into a tiny room, a janitor's closet. "They're coming down this hall. We'll hide here for now," he whispered.

As Morris whispered into his radio, Rebecca looked around the small room. There was one of those floor-level sinks for filling and draining mop buckets. She looked at the drain, longing to squat over it and relieve her aching bladder. The thought of squatting in such an odd place in front of Morris was embarrassing, but she was desperate, and anyway she'd spent enough time outdoors to have experience squatting in strange places without much privacy. "I've seriously got to piss, I want to squat over that drain," she whispered.

"Fine, but we may have to leave at any moment, so be prepared to run."

She undid the button and zipper on her jeans and slid them down, along with her panties. She was just dropping into a squat when Morris said, "We're out of here. Follow me." He ran down the hall. 

She yanked her pants up and took off after him. "Shit!" she thought, "relief was so close!" They entered another stairwell, ran down three more floors, and exited into an underground parking garage. They were running through the garage when a building door swung open and some shouting, armed men entered the garage. Morris immediately stopped and gestured for her to squat down with him, hidden behind a car. The men began searching, starting, luckily for Rebecca and Morris, on the opposite side of the garage. 

Morris peered around the car carefully, trying to keep track of them. The roar of the ventilation system fortunately made it quite unlikely that any noise they made, such as their heavy breathing after all that running, would give them away. Or for that matter, she thought, the tinkle of a desperately needed piss. She began slowly sliding her pants down. Morris looked over at her, saw what she was doing, shrugged, and went back to looking for the terrorists. Just as she got into position, gunfire broke out. Morris began running and gestured vigorously for her to follow. She again yanked her pants up and sprinted after him.

"Get into the red car!" Morris shouted to her. She ran to the passenger side as Morris got behind the wheel. They took off at high speed. They were soon pursued by several cars. The went on a wild ride through town. Each high-speed thump over a pothole was agony to her bloated bladder. They took a detour into a nature preserve, suddenly veering off the road and into a space behind some trees and shrubbery. Two of the pursuing vehicles sped past on the road.

Morris had a brief discussion over his radio. "We'll wait here for a few minutes," he explained to her.

"I've got to piss, I've been holding it all day. Can I please get out and squat?"

"We'll have to move real soon, at any moment."

"I'm seriously bursting. I'll stay right by the car, right by the open door."

"Ok, but be ready to jump back in."

She opened the door and stepped out, and just as she hooked her thumbs under her panty waist band to begin pulling her pants down Morris shouted to get back in. She jumped in and off they went. This time the ride was considerably less wild but still quick, and soon they reached a marina on the ocean. Parking near the waterfront, they ran to a speedboat. They ran right past a snack bar with bathrooms, Rebecca noticed, bathrooms very much on her mind.

"Stay down, hide between these seats," Morris instructed. She curled up in the space. Just as he fired up the engine and started off, she heard screeching tires and then gunshots. Morris gunned the engine and off they went. They pounded over waves with bladder-punishing impacts. After a few agonizing minutes Morris shouted that they seemed to be safe, for now. 

"I'm just desperate to piss!" she shouted.

"There's no head on this little boat!"

"I don't care. I'm not too shy to hang my bare ass over the side if you'll just slow down so I don't fall into the ocean!"

"We've got to get to a rendezvous point where we'll be picked up by helicopter. There's no time to slow down. Just hold it a little longer."

"Fuck!" she shouted, to no one in particular. She was getting extremely desperate for a piss. She tried to wet herself but just couldn't. The violent motion of the boat made it impossible for her to relax enough to even come close to pissing. After a few more minutes of agony, Morris cut the engine. At last the pounding stopped. She jumped up and started to pull down her pants.

"The chopper will be here soon. You have to put this harness on so they can hoist you."

"I have to hang my ass over the side for a minute to piss!"

There's not much time. You have to get the harness on first. If there's time maybe you can go afterwards."

She groaned as he helped her into the harness. She pulled down her pants before doing up the straps than ran inside each thigh, so that the harness wouldn't keep her trapped in her pants, unable to piss. She was much too eager to piss to worry about pulling her pants down in front of Morris. She was comfortable with nudity anyway, and if he didn't want to see her body, he didn't have to look. Getting her pants down and relieving her bladder was simply a necessity. As soon as the harness was secure she hurried to the side of the boat to piss. The helicopter was in sight and fast approaching.

"There's no time. You're going up first," Morris told her. She was getting into position to piss when the helicopter reached them. Before she could piss Morris grabbed her by her harness and pulled her to the center of the boat. The chopper was dropping a line. She pulled her pants up hurriedly. Morris clipped her in and she was hoisted up into the chopper. Once she was in they hoisted Morris and flew off.

"I've gotta take a piss!" She told the winch operator.

"There's no potty in here, you'll just have to wait. We'll be landing within a half hour."

"You don't understand, I have to piss RIGHT NOW! Modesty is not an issue, just give me some sort of container, anything to piss in!"

"We really don't have anything...."

"At this point I'd be happy to hang my naked ass out the door, I just have to piss RIGHT NOW!"

The winch man smiled. "If that's what you want to do, I can hook you into the safety line and open the door."

"Let's do it!" she cried. She yanked her pants off completely, and, after the man attached the safety line and opened the door on the right side of the aircraft, she planted her right foot at the edge of the door, held on with her right hand, and swung out, facing backwards, her left arm and leg outstretched. "YEE-HA!" she shouted, and she started pissing immediately.

Her stream broke up into droplets that glistened in the sunlight as they fell hundreds of feet. The view hanging out of the chopper was magnificent and the relief to her painfully distended bladder was exquisite. The wind whipping around her bare ass and between her widely spread legs was a sensual delight. She grinned madly. The piss kept flowing. As her bladder drained the sensation of desperate fullness was finally easing. For the first time in many hours her bladder was feeling comfortable. She looked down and saw that they were overflying a small fishing boat.

Three men looked up at her from the deck, their mouths gaping. She waved to them. She felt so good she was beyond embarrassment. She'd always gotten a little thrill from the risk of being caught in the act while squatting to piss outdoors, but hanging pantsless from a helicopter to take a leak was something else entirely.

And what a leak! She'd never had to go this bad before. Her stream tapered off to a trickle as her bladder finally neared the glorious state of complete emptiness. Relief! She was getting sexually aroused. The blessed relief; the bizarre naughtiness of hanging out of a helicopter, pants-free, pissing; the magnificent view; the blast of wind over her bare ass, between her legs, and over her pussy, tousling her pubic hair and tickling her clitoris; and the added thrill from those surprised men on the boat. Men! She looked over into the helicopter. Three men looked out at her with intense interest. She felt slightly embarrassed for the first time, but she waved them, still grinning madly. "They rescued me, they deserve some sort of reward," she thought. Her bladder had finally emptied, and she climbed back into the chopper.

The winch operator closed the door. "You must feel a lot better now!" he said.

"Hell yes!"

"Impressive," said Morris, "you must have been desperate."

"What time is it?" She asked.

"About seven."

"Seven? I've been holding it fourteen hours! Of course I was desperate! Fourteen hours after drinking two huge mugs of coffee and a glass of juice and lots of water besides." She picked up her pants and pulled some tissues out of a pocket to wipe herself with. She figured that after that performance there was no need to hurry back into her pants. Anyway, she'd spent plenty of time at nude beaches and wasn't uncomfortable being exposed. She gave her very wet pussy a thorough wiping. There was plenty of piss spread around by the wind, plus a little extra moisture that wasn't pee.

She pulled her panties on, and her jeans, and sat down. She reflected on the events of the day. What a wild tale she had to tell. She absolutely could not wait to see her lover and tell him what happened, sharing all the details of her thwarted efforts to relieve herself and especially of how she finally pissed and how excited she got while doing it. That was sure to get both of them in the mood for an erotic celebration of her joy to be alive. 

