Making her wait... (Part 3)

by Sean, December 1994

Someone responded to one of my posts saying that I sounded pretty lucky to have found a woman to try this stuff with. I do feel pretty lucky. Some amazing experiences!

I must admit that after my relationship with this girl finally ended I figured it wouldn't be that hard to get another girl interested in the stuff. I thought it was simply a matter of having the confidence to present the material in the right way :)

Didn't quite prove out tho. My current gf is overall more restrained sexually. She attempted to try some of the stuff, but gosh if the genuine spirit of fun isn't there, it just don't work. But I spose I'm also enjoying the relative sanity of life now too, although I still relive some of those memories.

Anyhow, today's installment of dear diary finds me and (jeez I need to come up with a nickname for her... how bout just "G") G in Florida visiting my brother. We were staying with him. We'd been there for several days being typical vacationers. This particular nite we were going to see a band play at a pretty large club. He was letting us use his car and was going to meet us there with some other friends.

He'd told us it would be the kind of club that G could definitely dress for the evening. We got her into a turquoise and black mini, a black bra, and a lacy partially see though top. Oh black pantyhose and heels of course. I don't remember if there were panties involved but probably not cuz she usually worried about "lines" when she wore tight skirts as I believe I've mentioned. She looked pretty mind numbingly foxy even if I do say so myself.

And we had decided to play "hold it". Plus we had also discussed me leaving her alone some of the time so she could see if she got hit on. That was our sex fun plan for the night. G had always had steady boyfriends and had missed out on the whole go-out-with- the-girls phase for the most part. So she hadn't gotten much exposure to having guys approach her in bars. And she certainly hadn't gotten that jaded thing that some attractive women get where they just seem to be annoyed by unsolicited male attention.

We were having fun at the club. As we got more of a buzz on, I spent more and more time hanging out with some friends of my brothers while leaving her alone at the bar. She was getting plenty of attention and was loving it. I of course stopped by to visit with her from time to time. Some good looking guys had complimented her and flirted with her. She said it was making her very horny.

The band went on break and a number of us wandered out to the parking lot to see some girl's brand new car. That's why we went out to the parking lot, that's all, I swear :)

We lingered, a group of us, standing talking. G was starting to do her familiar little squirm dance. Then she announced to the group that she had to go pee. Still we lingered, and she wiggled some more. I think she herself had decided by this time that the movements associated with needing to pee were decidedly sexy, whether or not you were WS inclined. Any guy tends to think a girl standing with her butt sticking out a little farther than normal and bouncing so her breasts jiggle is kind of an OK sight. So she milked it and definitely earned some looks from some of the other guys out there.

Finally we headed in. Once inside she tugged on my arm and said it was time. We waited for a few more minutes til the rest of the folks we'd been with wandered off. Then I took her back outside to look for a fun place to let her relieve herself, at least a little bit.

I figured we'd head around towards the back of the club and see if any opportunities presented themselves. Well not far from the main door there was a cozy little alcove with a few palms and a bench, a perfect little place to bring a woman to get some air and maybe do a little making out. We wandering into the alcove. I indicated we would sit on the bench for a moment while I figured out what I thought she should do.

We sat down and I pondered for a minute and I suggested maybe she should just go squat in the corner. She had other ideas. She scooted around until she had her skirt up in back and out of the way. "Kiss me honey" she said, and then while we were in mid-kiss she began to pee, just sitting there like nothing was going on, us looking like a normal couple making out on the park bench.

Her flow ran through her hose, between the wooden slats of the bench and formed a puddle on the bricks below. She stopped after a few seconds to see how messy it was turning out to be. The bottoms of her legs were a little moist but that was all. I of course told her to not go any more, wanting to keep her as on the edge as possible. She said she still wanted to go some more. She was having a good time in there being a flirt and wanted to be able to relax and enjoy it she said. I still told her she could wait, and that I'd bring her back out in a bit.

She didn't seem happy about this, but pulled me to her and began kissing me again. Suddenly more hissing and trickling and she was letting go again. "Hey" I said jumping up and pulling her with me with her still in mid stream. She squeezed off the flow, but she was definitely not happy now. I told her was were going in and started to tug her towards the entrace to the alcove. Finally she let me drag her out of there, tugging her skirt back down. She was mad now. She wanted to get back to her men inside but she'd have preferred to have been a little more emptied out.

She continued the pissed off mood inside, acting not terribly happy to see me when I stopped over to visit her as she held court. I asked her in a whisper if she was starting to need to go again. She insisted she was fine now, although she was certainly continuing to drink. She had just decided I wasn't going to get any more enjoyment out of her needing to go. She had settled in for a siege. While her mood kinda got me a bit rankled too, I definitely saw some fun in it.

I kept my eye on her figuring she'd make a dash for the girls room if she thought she could get away with it. A while later she was starting to glance over my way more anxiously hoping to catch me distracted I presumed. I kept more of an eye on her now. Figuring she was going to make a run for it pretty soon now whether I saw her or not, I wandered over and asked her how things were going. Annoyance showed again, but she smiled and said she was having fun. She still denied needing the restroom though.

I found someone to talk to and stationed myself between her and the ladies room. This did not please her at all and I began seeing some definite unhappy looks. I could see her shifting position more frequently now, and could see her knee bouncing up and down.

Finally she same over and said she was tired and could we please get going. Still no admission that she had to go. I said OK and after saying a round of goodbyes escorted her from the bar and out to the car. I could see the mixed feelings on her face as she settled into her seat. She could swallow her pride and ask to go, or she could continue to be a bitch. She opted for the latter.

It was about a 40 minute ride back to my brothers. She was clearly uncomfortable but was trying to avoid doing her usual little moves. Still 15 minutes from home, she'd been getting fidgety when she suddenly lifted her behind several inches off the car seat and let out a high gasp. I asked her if she was OK and she nodded. She eased back down.

She repeated this a few minute later. She gave up trying to disguise her urgency and took to openly squirming. I saw that near panic behavior developing that I'd seen once before. She got her purse out and dug around frantically in it finally coming up with some gum. She began to chew a piece of gum vigorously.

Another high gasp and she lifted up off the seat. This was followed by a high shriek. She'd wet herself a little bit, but she didn't tell me. I suspected though, and boy was I aroused.

Another high gasp, another squeal. She was off the seat, thighs crossed tightly. I saw moisture on the seat now. I reminded her sternly it was my brothers car. "I trying but I'm losing it" she finally confessed.

She leaked in her skirt several more times before we finally made it back to my brothers. She dashed to the front door with me following quickly behind. But I didn't let her in. I dangled the key and smiled. She grabbed my free hand and squeezing it hard leaned forward a little and gasped again. Her breathing sounded like she'd been running a 4 minute mile. I looked down to see a silent rivulet running down the inside of one of her thighs.

"It's OK, honey" I said. "Just let it happen." It was already happening but now she began to piss in earnest. Her legs still together, a waterfall was visible between her clenched thighs, a puddle formed on the ground. She stopped herself after a few more seconds.

"Cmon" I said pulling away from the front door. I took her around to the back deck. I had her lie down on the wooden deck and removed her soaked hose and her skirt. The whole back of her skirt was wet. She lay on her back legs slightly lifted and spread. "Go ahead and finish" I said.

She lay there and arched a gorgeous stream across the moonlit deck. She had held and amazing amount for such a slim little girl. She moaned softly as she released the pressure now completely. We screwed right there on the deck in the puddle she'd made.

We lay there talking. I asked her about her acting mad. She said that yes she'd been kind of upset with me for not letting her go more, but on the other hand she kind of liked being controlled like that. She admitted that when she was horny enough, the urgency to pee blended in nicely and did feel good in a strange way. She liked the intensity of it, saying she almost liked it better when it got really bad. When she just kind of had to go, it was a distraction, and annoyance. But when it was starting to get extremely bad she said she got a whole body high from fighting back the need.

She'd peed through clothing before this particular night, but this was the first time she'd actually lost control completely and wet herself. She'd fought it like hell, but now admitted it also was fun in a weird way.

I'd found one in a million, someone who really meshed well with my own strangeness. We later played more with peeing on each other and the like. Neither of us minding getting wet, but we felt more of the fun lay in the buildup, the holding off to the last possible second, rather than the direct peeing on each other. We never dabbled in drinking it either. But we definitely explored all areas of "holding it", having contests, peeing in public in strange ways, stuff like that.

And as we talked that night about how she'd been turned on flirting with guys in the bar, we also began to contemplate involving other people in our sex life. But let's not get into that now...

