Lunambra 1-8

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 8 - Home

Once they were all dressed, they quickly made their way out of the fortress and into the fading sunlight. Marina had given the Queen her shortsword back, and taken another blade from one of the fallen bandits, as had the other woman, who had finally introduced herself as Sabina. However, there was no sign of further opposition as they hiked through the forest towards the main road. Baeden stopped and closed his eyes, listening through the trees. "Everyone, please remain quiet. I hear voices." The group silenced themselves, as Baeden focused in on the sounds. And then he smiled. "It's a search party. I hear dogs and horses, and the wheels of a carriage."

They began moving quickly towards their rescue, but the Queen grabbed Marina by the arm and held her back. Baeden stopped and looked questioningly at her. "Go on, son," she said to him. "I must speak to Marina privately about her actions today."

"Can't it wait, mother? We're nearly returned home."

"No, it can't wait. Now do as I ask and meet the search party. We will catch up soon." Baeden shrugged at Marina as he turned and walked off. As soon as Baeden was out of sight, the Queen groaned a long, anguished sound and doubled over, both her hands pressed tightly between her legs. Marina looked on in shock, and the Queen stared desperately at her. "Please, girl, get this sodding robe off of me this instant!"

Marina quickly jumped into action, pulling the many bows she had previously tied in the sides of the Queen's robe. It took over two minutes to strip the Queen down to her underclothes, and she fell back against a tree and pulled her silk underrobe up around her belly. She gasped and moaned, obviously in a state of desperation Marina could barely even imagine. She stood against the tree, nearly naked, but she wasn't yet releasing it. "What's the matter, my Queen? We must hurry to the carriage."

"I know, but damn it all, it isn't coming out and I don't know why. I've never had need this strong in all my years but I just can't do it out here."

Marina bravely placed her hand on the Queen's shoulder. "Please, my Queen, just relax and do what comes naturally. You're going to hurt yourself if you haven't already, should you keep holding it in." Tears began to stream down the Queen's face.

"It's just not coming," she moaned.

"Sit down, here," Marina said, motioning to a fallen tree a couple of feet away. The Queen did so, her legs spread wide. Marina stood behind the Queen and placed a hand around her, on her greatly bulging belly, and gently pushed in. The Queen gasped and gripped Marina's arm with great strength. Marina kept rubbing and pushing on the Queen's huge bladder, and finally, slowly, she began leaking onto the fallen tree. Breathing heavily, the Queen relieved herself before the servant girl. It started as slow spurts and leaks, but quickly escalated into a torrent that flooded the ground beneath her. Marina was amazed, even at her very limit she knew she could not have contained even half of this. The Queen reached down, and spread her vulva so the stream shot to the left, away from her robe which lay on a dry bush nearby. Finally the stream slowed, and eventually stopped. The Queen sat there, head in her hands, still breathing heavily and staring at the giant puddle beneath her feet.

"I trust you will tell this to exactly nobody," she said to Marina.

"Of course not, my Queen. Honestly, I've had my own trouble with my waters today, I just wish to put all of this behind me." The Queen grinned tiredly at her and nodded. After Marina put the Queen back into her robe, they traveled to the carriage where they were greeted by Baeden, Sabina, and six new heavily armed Royal Guards. The Prince was inside, with Sabina riding on the back. Marina helped the Queen to the front seat of the carriage, and Baeden motioned her to join him inside the carriage. She climbed in and sat beside him.

"What was all that about, then?" he asked Marina.

"She was mad at me for getting blood all over her sword, of all things. 'Oh, it's going to rust, you'll never get a decent meal again if it does, I tell you now," and so on."

Baeden sighed and rested back against the soft velvet seat. "That's my mother, all right." He leaned over to Marina and whispered in her ear. "I don't know what I'm going to do, Marina. I need to relieve myself this very second and there's simply nothing to be done about it."

Marina was taken by surprise, but quickly recovered. "I'm the same way. My belly is squeezing against this leather so hard it feels like it's going to crack. We just need to wait until we reach the castle. If this were the carriage we traveled to Valdus in, with its rotted out floor, we could have pissed right into the ground beneath us, but not in this fancy thing."

Baeden sighed and placed a hand on his groin, and Marina joined in, placing one of her small hands on his and the other on her own. She couldn't help herself, she began rubbing him and herself, and she quickly grew wet with excitement. Baeden took no time getting himself up either. Marina fumbled with the strings on his greaves, but he pushed her back. "I can't, Marina. I really don't think I could hold it if I did. I'm so close to losing control, I can't even describe it."

And so they rode in silence. After what felt like an age, they arrived through the Gates of Lunambra just as the sun set beneath the horizon. As they all dismounted the carriage, the Royal Adviser came out to meet them. After they moved into the Great Hall and gave the Adviser the quickest possible rundown of events, Baeden turned to the group. "I apologize, mother, but I have not slept in over forty hours. I would like to bring Marina with me to tend to my chambers as I sleep, if that is alright."

The Queen nodded at him. "Very well, I have plenty of fresh servants in my own tower. See that she's sent back in the morning. Oh, and Xavier," she said, looking to the Adviser. "This woman is named Sabina. See that she is given permanent lodging in the Upper Ring, and have a decent wardrobe and food supply delivered to her with haste. Stop, do not question me," she said quickly as he looked at her indignantly. "Just do as I ask, and now. This is an order. If I see she has been mistreated, there will be hell to pay. I am going to retire to my own chambers now.

"Very well, my Queen," said Xavier, and he bowed deeply to her. He motioned at the beaming Sabina to follow, and they wandered off into the city.

"Goodnight, son, and thank you both," she said quietly, nodding towards Baeden and Marina. She turned and walked into the hall leading to her tower.

As soon as she turned the corner, Baeden and Marina began running towards the Prince's tower. They barely managed to crawl up the stairs, Marina already leaking into her greaves. She gasped and held herself, and Baeden had to pull her along before she wet herself right in the hallway. Finally they reached his ornate chambers, and they crashed through his door and bolted it behind them. He began tugging at her armor, stripping the cuirass off of her first, then her coat. He pulled his last dagger and cut the ropes on her pants, not having time to untie them properly. They dropped around her ankles along with the cloth she was using as makeshift underwear. She stepped out of the greaves, now wearing nothing but boots and gauntlets. She pulled off the gauntlets and tossed them aside, and began openly holding herself as she looked at the Prince.

"I want you now, my Prince," she whispered into his ear. He shivered and looked down at her.

"As do I, I simply cannot deny it further. As soon as we relieve ourselves, we ca-"

"No," she interrupted. "I want you RIGHT now, I want you like this," she moaned, rubbing herself against his shaking body. "Everything feels so sensitive, and I want to feel you lose control inside of me. Don't act like you don't want the same, I saw how you looked at me when I wet myself beside the carriage, and pissed in front of you in our shelter. You want this."

Baeden smiled at her. "I don't know what's wrong with me, but you're right."

