Julia's Revenge

Written by David North

It seemed almost impossible that a year had already passed since Julia and I had ended our relationship, she to reap the benefits of her job in London (not to mention the benefits of an intimate relationship with her boss). And me...? I didn't really know what I wanted out of life. It was hard to let go of the woman with whom I thought I would spend the rest of my existence; we had so much in common, and always enjoyed a comfortable repartee. It was a shame, but short of stalking her, I didn't see what I could do about it.

I looked back on my time with Julia with affection. Not least of my happy memories was the prank that Amanda, Julia's mother, had played on her last Christmas - handcuffing her to my bed and then going off with the keys, leaving Julia to struggle with a full bladder and indulge my carnal desires. Julia had enjoyed it, for the most part, but she had suffered a prolonged spell of painful holding on in the hope that Amanda would return in time to avoid ruining the mattress. Alas, Amanda had not returned until late, and Julia had been forced to pee on the bed.

I had run into Amanda several times since Julia's departure, not so much by accident as by her design. I'd dated a few other girls, but constantly found myself drawn back to Amanda, lured by her wit and charm, and her stunning good looks. The mother of my ex-fiancee, Amanda was nearly a generation older than me, but she was also a woman I'd always thought of as a nice bit of old. In her mid-forties, Amanda looked better than most women half her age. This, coupled with her sophistication and tolerance of certain sexual deviations, made her practically irresistible.

I didn't manage, for example, to resist her invitation to spend Christmas with her at her house in Winchester, a small mansion standing on four acres of land. The property was her part of the settlement when her husband Martin ran off with some ditzy blonde in New York. I'd never liked Martin - a self-opinionated wanker of the first water. But, his mistake was what had ultimately led to me waking up in a king-sized, four-poster bed in the master bedroom that once was his, after enjoying a night of passion with the woman who used to be his wife.

Without opening my eyes, I reached out to touch Amanda... to find her side of the bed empty. She was probably preparing breakfast. Still, that was okay; I needed to pee anyway.

I opened my eyes, and did a double take at the sight which greeted me. Out in the centre of the room, Amanda sat on her dressing table chair, although not willingly. She was tied to it - her arms pulled behind the backrest, her ankles secured to the front chair legs. Something black had been used to gag her...and it was only then that I registered the absence of a stocking from her right leg. The left one was still sheathed in silk, held in place by the clasps of a suspender-belt.

I sat up abruptly, staring at Amanda's face, at her wide eyes staring back at me. I noticed that her knees were bobbing up and down in small, rapid movements, and wondered if she needed to pee.

Amanda inclined her head, nodding past me and trying to say something through her stocking gag, but I couldn't quite make it out. Then a powerful hand closed around my left arm, followed a moment later by the rasp of a ratchet and a cold metal band clamping down on my wrist. I tried to turn, but my arm was tugged violently, twisting me around as someone attached the other half of the handcuffs to the bedpost.

"What the fuck are--?" I stopped, startled by the sight of the person standing over me. "Julia?"

"Hello Dave," she replied, smiling sweetly. "It's been a while."

She circled round to the other side of the bed, producing a second pair of handcuffs from her jacket pocket as she went. She literally dived onto the bed and wrapped the open bracelet around my wrist before I had a chance to pull away. I fought her as she tried to attach the second bracelet on this set to the bed frame.

"Julia, what the hell are you doing?"

"What's up Dave," she squeezed out the words as she wrestled with me. "I thought you enjoyed bondage."

"I do, but why are you doing this? What are you doing here?"

"It's my family home, or had you forgotten while you were shagging my mother?"

"Is that what this is about? You left me, remember?"

She relaxed for a second, and I was stupid enough to believe she was considering a response to my observation. I relaxed too, just for a second, and taking advantage of my momentary lapse, she yanked on my arm and succeeded in attaching the bracelet.

With both hands out of commission, I was out of it. She had me, and she also had her mother.

"Jooles, what are you doing?"

"I thought that since you and my mother got along so well, you should spend the Christmas holiday in an intimate embrace, so to speak."

As she talked, she crossed the floor to where Amanda sat and set about untying her ankles. I noticed that Amanda was still fidgeting her legs, and now she was also rocking her body back and forth. She definitely needed to pee.

"What's got into you?" I interrupted.

"I can't believe you just moved on so quickly, and with my own mother too," she said.

"But it wasn't like that. I didn't see anyone for months. And anyway, as I said, you left me. What did you expect me to do?"

"You could have come after me."

I was about to say that there hadn't seemed much point once she started living with her boss, but then I stopped. I was beginning to see the light.

"Has he dumped you for someone else? Is that what this is about. Some kind of... revenge."

"Oh, very clever David. And yes, this is my way of letting you know that I always knew what you two were up to, even when I was still with you."

"What are you talking about?"

Julia turned to Amanda, pulled her from the chair and marched her over to the bed. "Climb on and straddle him," She instructed. Amanda made a muted remark through her gag, but Julia just gave her a push forward. "Come on, mother dear. You've never been averse to screwing my ex-fiance before."

Amanda shook her head as she struggled awkwardly onto the bed with her hands bound behind her, leaning forward in order to raise her right knee and pass her leg over my body.

"Jooles, you're wrong," I said. "Amanda and I never had an affair when you and I were together."

"Really," she said flatly, clearly unwilling to listen to anything I had to say.

Amanda's knee came down on the bed to my left. She was now sitting on top of me, her weight pressing down on my abdomen and making my full bladder ache. I could tell by the tension in her face that she was in a similar situation, unable to cross her legs to help with her own fight to hold her pee.

Julia produced a length of rope from the floor next to the bed and leaned in behind Amanda, evidently tying to her mother's wrists. I wondered what she was doing, then understood as she tied the other end of the rope to the foot of the bed, stopping Amanda reaching her hands round to either side of her body.

"Jooles, this is insane. What are you trying to do?"

"Oh, just giving you two what you want," she retorted. "You could be spending the entire weekend like this. Of course, it's going to get a bit messy when you have to piss, which I think both of you will have to do before long. And who knows, things might get even worse if I leave you here long enough. How does that appeal?"

While we were talking, Julia began tying rope around Amanda's left ankle and then attached it to my right leg, just above the knee. She moved around the bed with more rope, obviously about to do the same with the other side.

"Can't we talk about this, love?" I coaxed.

"Love? I don't think you have the right to address me like that any more."

"Jooles, what's happened to you? We were so close once, before you left."

"Maybe I wouldn't have left you if you'd ever wanted to do anything with your life, other than free-loading off my mother. Don't think I didn't know about your trip up to Harrods."

"But, that was just--"

"Forget it, Dave," she interrupted.

"Okay. Let's talk about you for a minute. You left me to shack up with your parasitic solicitor boss. What did you expect me to do? Wait for you to come back and say I forgive you?"

"I didn't expect you to go on fucking my mother."

Amanda tried to interject a comment here, but her words really were unintelligible. Julia looked up at her face as she finished securing Amanda's right ankle to my left leg. "You can shut-up too."

Julia straightened up. "Right. You two look nice and cozy. I'm going now, and I may be back later. In the meanwhile, you two can fuck each other's brains out. You'll enjoy that, Dave, banging on her full bladder. At least, you always did when it was me."

As she marched briskly towards the bedroom door, I called after her, "Jooles. Don't do this. What if Amanda chokes on her gag?"

"Pull it off with your teeth," she suggested callously, and departed, closing the door behind her.

I listened to Julia's footsteps fading as she descended the stairs, then turned my attention back to Amanda. I could feel her thighs tensing and knew she was in trouble. "Are you all right?" I asked her. She looked down at me and rolled her eyes. "Right. Sorry," I said. "Try to lean down towards me and I'll see if I can pull that gag off."

Amanda did her best to bend forward, but her range of motion was restricted by her bound wrists being attached to the base of the bed, and her ankles being tied to my thighs. I fought to reach up and, when both of us really tugged hard at our restraints, I could just reach her cheek. I dragged my teeth along the gag until I had a good grip, then tugged. Amanda twisted her head from side to side, and between us we managed to pull it from her mouth, down over her chin.

"Thanks," she gasped, taking several deep breaths.

"I think your daughter and my ex-fiancee is in a bit of a snit."

Amanda nodded. "She's called me several times in the last month saying she regrets letting you go, and telling me to lay off."

"Why?"

"I think she has designs on getting you back, Dave."

"She has a funny way of going about it."

"Takes after her father in that respect," Amanda said, and I could tell she was serious. "Can you get free?" she added.

"Me? I'm in handcuffs, for Christ's sake. What about you? You're tied with rope, so you should be able to wriggle free."

"Oh, really. You of all people should know how expert Julia has become at tying knots."

We fell silent for a few seconds, then I felt Amanda's body shudder. She said, "We have to do something soon, Dave. I'm bursting for a pee."

"You're not the only one," I answered, wishing I'd got up to use the loo earlier instead of holding it and staying put in bed.

Despite my growing discomfort, however, I could not suppress my excitement. I was finding Amanda's presence on top of me, straddling me, arousing. I wished to plunge my penis into her, and I knew that doing so, the act of having sex, would temporarily suppress my desire to pee. True, it would be even worse afterwards, but between now and then lay the prospect of pleasure.

As my penis stiffened at the thought, its head brushed against the lips of Amanda's pussy. She gave a little gasp and warned, "Don't you dare. I'm already on the verge of peeing on you and the bed, and I definitely can't take any additional pressure."

"I promise I'll be gentle," I coaxed.

"No, Dave. Please. I'm in agony. I didn't get up to visit the loo in the night, and she caught me before I could let any of it go."

"Okay. I need to pee too. It's just that... well, you know."

She nodded, but her expression was tense; it was evidently taking a lot of concentration to keep from losing control of her bladder.

I did my best to keep still, my erection growing firm to the point of aching as the head of my penis brushed against her lips. I desperately wanted to plunge myself inside her. I needed to do something to ease my own desire too: I could have sent a jet of pee right up to the ceiling, had Amanda not been in the way.

"Julia!" I shouted, trying not to think about how Amanda's thighs were rubbing against mine as she struggled to maintain control of her full bladder.

"I'm sorry David," Amanda gasped, "but I can't hold it much longer."

Her words served only to stimulate me further, and again I had to fight with myself to avoid plunging my penis deep inside her.

"Oh God, Amanda. You can't expect me to just lie here."

"You have to. I'm absolutely bursting!"

"Oh Christ," I said, my voice breathless with suppressed desire. I twitched my body and felt the head of my penis slide just inside the lips of Amanda's vagina.

"Dave, no! Please don't."

It was more than I could bear, and I raised my pelvis, sliding my entire length into her. She threw back her head with a loud cry of alarm.

"Stop! Oh, oh, oh! Dave, you have to stop. I can't...I can't...OH!"

I slid up and down inside her, acutely aware of ramming the solid wall of her straining bladder.

"Dave, please. I'm getting my hands free. Just stop for a minute. Oh my God! Pleeeeaaaase!"

But I couldn't stop. I was as hard as a rod of iron, my own desire to pee totally suppressed. It was unfair to add to Amanda's agony, but I really couldn't hold still, not now. Semen was burning its way along my rod, the eruption imminent.

I felt the first jet of hot pee stream from my bulging cock all over my balls, and it made me pump her even harder. I was starting to cum, my pleasure only heightened by her cries of anguish as a second jet of pee shot from her and soaked my groin.

Semen burst from me and into Amanda's vagina as she lost control completely and peed like a fire hose, going so hard that I could feel the pee pounding against my balls. It was just like being sprayed by one of those focused showerhead jets.

I went on ejaculating for perhaps twenty seconds, but Amanda continued peeing for at least a minute, drenching the bed covers and me. The smell was acrid, clearly the result of her not peeing all night. Her bladder had to have been so incredibly full.

She finally let her body sag, although of course she could not relax since ropes were holding her in position: legs straddling my body, torso kept upright by her bound wrists, still secured to the bottom of the bedstead.

"You bugger," she moaned quietly at last. "The mattress is completely ruined."

"Sorry," I apologized. "I really couldn't help myself." Amanda's sweating face was tense with concentration, and for a moment I wondered if something was really wrong with her. Then, abruptly, her arms came free and she sagged forward. As her face came close to mine, I snatched a quick kiss and said, "Thank you."

"I'm not pleased with you, Dave," she informed me as she worked at freeing her ankles.

"I'm really sorry about the mattress."

She didn't say anything for about half a minute as she untied her legs, then she slid of the bed and stood up. She said decisively, "I'm going to find my daughter. We need to have words."

"Um, Amanda, do you think you could find the keys for these handcuffs. I'm bursting to piss."

"Too bad, David dear. You'll have to hold it until I get back." She headed for the bedroom door, pausing before she departed to add, "And I may be gone sometime."

"Amanda," I called after her as she stepped through the opening and was gone. "Oh fuck," I complained as the ache in my swollen bladder reached a new crescendo. I tugged at the handcuffs, knowing it wouldn't do the slightest good, but I was longing to grab my prick and squeeze it to help me hold back my pee.

The desire to let it go was increasing in leaps and bounds, a consequence of ejaculating. "Amanda!" I shouted, on the brink of losing control. "Julia! For fuck's sake!"

Naturally, no one came to help me. The irony of my situation was not lost on me: how many times had I put Julia and, to a lesser degree, Amanda, in this very situation? The burning sensation was swamping my senses and I knew I wasn't going to be able to keep it in until either of the women returned. In fact, it would not have surprised me to learn that they'd cooked this little scenario up between them, and they were even now sitting downstairs having a good giggle about my predicament.

I tried to release just a brief squirt of pee to ease the pressure a little, but the moment I started to go, the urine jetted out of me with amazing force as I peed all over my own chest. I turned my head aside as it reached my neck and threatened to hit me in the face.

I felt my muscles contracting involuntarily around my abdomen, increasing the force of the jet even more until I was truly hosing myself down. The rate of flow did not seem to ease at all for the longest time, and I began to wonder where the hell it was all coming from. Eventually, it did start to ease off and I felt the tension leave my body.

I became acutely aware of lying there in a pool of piss, both my own and Amanda's. It was already beginning to cool on my flesh, and I had a feeling I was going to get pretty cold before either of the women turned up to rescue me. What a great way to spend Christmas morning.

So now Julia had her revenge for Amanda having handcuffed her to my bed in Wycliffe last year, and I'd got caught up in the middle of it. As I lay there, squirming in the discomfort of the pee-soaked bed covers, I decided that I would have the final word; that I would get both of them back for this. I began to hatch a plan that would lead to both of them being in a situation where they badly needed to pee and simply couldn't.

An idea gradually formed. It would require some careful planning, but I was determined that it would happen, and soon... very soon.

