I have been peeing for ten years, but only by myself at home. This is the first time I have had the experience of playing with anyone else.
Fiona arrived at my house at 7am for the 100–mile drive to Bristol for the shopping expedition that we had planned. I had known Fiona for about 20 years as the fairly attractive, but quiet daughter of my fathers' friends, but up until recently we had not really been friends, only acquaintances, which had changed after meeting by chance in the pub three months ago.
We drove up the motorway in good spirits, looking forward to the day's shopping ahead. I was already starting to feel a little pressure on my bladder following the three cups on coffee I had drunk before leaving home.
When we arrived at the superstore, Fiona announced that she was hungry, and that we should have breakfast before starting the great shop. I reluctantly agreed, thinking that a bacon sandwich and a coffee would not take very long.
How wrong can you be? The queue went on into the next county, and the coffee was on free refill, so I drunk far more than was good for me, and by the time we came out of the coffee shop I was desperate. Fiona was quite twitchy as well when we looked for the loo.
Again we queued, but for the loo this time. By the time we reached the front of the queue we were both dancing from foot to foot, but agreed to share a cubicle so that we did not get separated by the giant crowds surging around the store, and also so that I could watch Fiona pee, unbeknown to her.
We squeezed into the cubicle and Fiona immediately dropped her jeans around her ankles to reveal a little white thong with a tiny damp patch between her legs. The thong went down and Fiona dropped gratefully onto the seat. The hissing of her wee into the toilet got louder and louder and her eyes screwed up as she pushed out the last drops followed by a tiny fart.
"Whoops, sorry!" Fiona remarked without embarrassment.
She dried herself off, and then shuffled aside to let me in. I lowered my jeans and panties and slowly sat down. I glanced at Fiona only to discover that she was not looking at my face, but straight at my shaven pussy. I peed lustily and loudly, and when I had finished, dabbed myself carefully with toilet roll. During the whole performance, Fiona's eyes had not left my crotch, so instead of the usual wriggle into the jeans I just stood up.
I half turned towards her and her eye caught mine. I leaned forward and placing one hand on either of her cheeks, I kissed her. This was my first girl on girl kiss, and it became rather more than that an instant later as I felt her hand between my legs.
"Is that how it is?" I asked her quietly, and she assured me that she had been thinking of little else since we had planned this trip.
"I have been trying to think of a way to get you naked and alone, and it seems that I have half succeeded," she whispered.
Well, I thought to myself, if that is what she has been dreaming of, who was I to disappoint my new friend. I grasped the bottom of my sweatshirt and lifted it above my breasts so that Fiona could see all she wanted.
It did not seem that she was unhappy with what she saw as I felt her finger slide up inside me as she slid her mouth towards my stiffening nipple, hidden inside a lace push up bra. Fiona caught me between her teeth and bit down very gently. I was by this time getting quite wet, and I assumed that a reciprocal arrangement was in order.
My hand moved easily inside her still undone jeans and encountered just about the wettest pussy possible. It took only a twist of the wrist and two of my fingers entered into that most secret place that Fiona had obviously been lubricating just for me.
We played for about five minutes, blissfully unaware of the queues outside, and as an orgasm was building inside me Fiona dropped to her knees and began to suck on my clitoris. I came in a matter of seconds and sat down in a daze on the toilet seat.
"Do you want..."? I began to ask her, but was silenced by her tongue.
"Later, " she replied as she zipped herself up and prepared to shop.
... to be continued in part 2. 
Rache