Lisa walked into the room and saw Christy going through her purse. She turned around and handed Lisa two twenty–dollar bills. Lisa looked up at Christy confused and Christy smirked at her, saying, "If you're going to be wetting your pants like a baby, then we need to treat you like one! I want you to go to the store and buy some diapers and a pacifier. Also buy a pair of handcuffs."
Lisa threw her arms in the air and looked down at her soaking wet jeans. Christy smiled and said, "You're going just like you are now." She looked up at the clock. "Hurry, baby, I'm timing you." Christy lay on the couch and turned on the television. Lisa, red faced as ever, thought about telling Christy to go to hell, but in the back of her mind she actually got a little turned on at the idea of being publicly embarrassed. Without another word Lisa opened the door and started to step out.
"Oh, it's a beautiful day, isn't it?" Christy taunted. "Maybe you should walk to the store, it's only down the block, right?" Lisa felt her face flush as she shut the door. She looked around in her car for a sweater or anything that could cover it up, but she knew in her mind she was soaked front and back and there was no possible way to hide it. She put her head down and started walking down the street. She could hear a few cars going by, but she kept her red face looking at the sidewalk, not knowing or caring if people were looking. She did love the breeze, though, it felt great pressing against her wet jeans.
She arrived at the general supplies store and looked around, noticing it was pretty empty. She stood there for about a minute and took a deep breath, walking inside. She walked through the store rapidly, quickly going into the baby's supplies and grabbing a bag of diapers and a pack of pacifiers. Lisa then started to dash for the checkout line when she remembered the handcuffs, and quickly walked over to where the toys were. She managed to find a pair of metal handcuffs after scrounging and walked back to the checkout line. She couldn't believe her luck that somebody was in line in front of her. She stood there embarrassed, feeling lucky that the person in front of her didn't take any notice to her, but the person running the register was constantly glancing at her.
When it was finally her turn to check out, she saw a half–smirk go across the cashier's face as she rang up the diapers. She felt so embarrassed she wanted to die. She quickly handed the cashier the money, got the change, and ran out of there. She kept running, instead of walking, all the way back to her place. She loved the feel of her cold damp jeans against her legs and the wind rushing past them, it turned her on so much. She walked back inside the room and found Christy lying on the couch in different clothes. Now she was wearing hot pink short shorts that just barely covered her ass and a matching sports bra.
Lisa dropped the bag and started at her, "You...you're wearing my workout clothes!"
Christy laughed and walked up to her, slapping her across the mouth. "Try again." Christy pushed on the top of Lisa's head, "And tell me on your knees, whore."
Lisa felt her knees give way and she looked up at Christy, holding the side of her mouth. She felt herself blush at how hot Christy looked in her clothes and lowered her head. "I meant that you can wear whatever you want, Mistress."
Christy smiled and patted Lisa on the head, "You should be happy I'm even touching your slutty rags, you probably pissed in these, didn't you?" Lisa blushed and shook her head. Christy walked over to the bag and pulled out the diapers, ripping them open. She grabbed one and walked back over to Lisa, pushing her to the floor. Lisa kicked her legs out and Christy stood over her, bending over and unbuttoning her jeans.
'God,' Lisa thought, 'this is so sexy! I can't believe how hot I'm getting!' Christy pulled off Lisa's jeans and tossed them aside, looking at her panties.
"Cute panties," Christy said. "The roses are pretty nice." Christy took her finger and poked at a rose that was just over Lisa's hole. Lisa moaned and Christy smirked and poked harder. "Do you like these roses?" Lisa started to squirm her legs and nodded slightly, as Christy was now using 2 fingers and rubbing her panties hard. Lisa felt herself getting really close to cumming already, breathing hard and gripping the rug. Christy smiled and stopped rubbing– Lisa couldn't believe it! Her first instinct was to jolt her hand to her pussy and start rubbing it, but Christy smacked her hand.
"Have some control, slut," Christy taunted. Christy pulled off Lisa's panties and the smell of her pussy filled the room. She tossed the wet, smelly panties on Lisa's face. "Put them on."
Lisa looked at Christy confused, "But you just took them off!"
Christy shook her head, "Put them on over your face, slut!" Lisa felt her face turn beet red as she slowly put her panties on over her head, the piss smell immediately invading her nostrils. God, how disgusting it smelt! But strangely enough, as she got used to it she began to like it. She laid back and felt Christy sliding the diaper on over her legs and fastening it around her waist. Christy then went back and grabbed the handcuffs, opening them. She put one cuff on one of Lisa's wrists, and then started tugging on Lisa's arm. Lisa started to crawl on the floor and felt spurts of pee going into the diaper already. She was so afraid of what was going to happen she was actually wetting herself! She couldn't believe it!
Christy pulled off Lisa's camisole and revealed her perky breasts. She pulled Lisa's arm up to a post, swung the handcuffs around and clasped the other cuff on Lisa's other wrist. Christy then straddled around her hips and sat on her, smiling.
"We're going to make you a little baby," Christy taunted and pinched Lisa's cheek. She got up and walked over for the pacifiers and grabbed one, going back to Lisa.
Lisa blushed and looked up with fear in her eyes, "I'm actually so afraid I'm already filling this diaper." Lisa could feel the hot piss streaming out of her pussy and swelling up the diaper. It felt so good all that pee just escaping and having no place to go, but having all that protection and feeling the diaper get soaked like that. She thought at first it was leaking and looked on the floor, but found it dry. The pee just kept gushing out and out, making the diaper extremely heavy. She blushed and felt how turned on she was.
Christy looked down at Lisa, "But you're enjoying yourself, admit it."
Lisa blushed, "I am." Christy bent over and put the pacifier in front of her mouth. Lisa opened up and Christy put it in, starting to suck on it.
Christy smiled and sat down next to her, "You've been a good slut all day, and so I'm going to reward you." Christly slowly ran her hands on Lisa's side and slid one hand right down into her piss filled diaper. Lisa's eyes widened as she felt Christy's fingers teasing her top hole, and then starting to gently rub her bottom hole.
Lisa moaned loudly and breathed heavily, "I'm...going to... cum." Christy smirked and slid her fingers inside Lisa's pussy, finger fucking her fast. Lisa let out a huge moan and arched her back, feeling the cum gush right out of her pussy and into the diaper. Christy pulled her hand out and Lisa lay there, still sucking on the pacifier, feeling herself falling asleep. She watched Christy suck the cum off her fingers and smile at Lisa.
"I think we're going to have a beautiful relationship, slut," Lisa heard Christy say as she drifted off to sleep.
By: Amoeba