Title: The Big Piss

By: Michelle

My name is Wychisky, Michelle K Wychisky.

I walk the mean streets of this dirty old town, but when I’m not doing that I’m a chamois... er shamus, a private eye, as tough as anything you’ll meet in this neck of the woods. Forget what you’ve heard about how a detective should look - gray, inconspicuous. Whatever else, I ain’t inconspicuous, black hair, flashing eyes, neat boobs and buns, and legs that go on for ever. I cross the said legs, swing my feet on to my desk.

‘Bob!’ I yell.

He scurries thru the door. Ain’t too bright, is Bob, but he’s cute, and he knows a secretary’s place. In his boss’ bed.

‘Yes Ms Wych... Wish... yes Ma’am?’

‘Get me a veggieburger,’ I snarl.

‘A veggieburger?’ he gulps. Just ain’t used to a real tough like me.

‘Yeah. In a soggy bun and heavy on the mustard.’

‘Yes Ma’am.’

‘Hey, like where you goin’ Bob?’

‘Ma’am?’

‘I want some juice.’

‘But you’re off the juice.’

‘Less of your lip, sonny. Orange juice. A six pack. Now get goin’. Oh Bob...’

‘Ma’am?’

‘Nice bum.’

‘Thanks, Chelle honey. By the way you’ve forgotten your panties again.’

****

I scowl at the wall mirror, pick my teeth with the paper knife, and do a quick check. Seems he’s right. One case I gotta solve once I get time is why knickers never stay on my bum. From my purse I pull a spare pare, real scratchy black lace, the sort men put in Christmas presents and women never wear, not unless they’re tough like me. I pull them on and go listen at the door. The thing about our agency is they talk in code, so the bad hats won’t understand. They’ll be admiring me, I know. Not often they meet a woman as hard as themselves. Just won’t sound like it.

‘And then,’ Bob chortles, ‘she says heavy on the mustard...’

‘Hell, there are consolations.’ I recognise the other voice, our top man, head honcho, TGC. Or, as his intellectual close friends get to call him, TC. ‘She ain’t hard to look at, that’s a fact.’

‘Neither’s a tulip, and the flower’s got more brains. How’s her name spelt by the way?’

‘S.M.I.T.H.’

‘Thought it was Wychisky?’

‘That’s the nearest she can come to spelling Smith. Don’t waste time with her order, Bob, you got better things to do. There’s an old burger in the waste bin. Wipe off the mould and cover it in mustard, she’ll never know the difference.’

‘And the six pack?’

‘In the cupboard. It’s diuretic orange. The Prof drinks it for his flow problems. Our Chelle will love it.’

****

I swallow my burger, unchewed of course, and suppress a gasp. It really was heavy on the mustard. Still the juice’ll cool it down. Real nice juice. Diuretic. Never heard of that make before. Have to get some more. I hear voices in the corridor again and go to listen.

‘What!’ TC sounds annoyed, ‘she wants round the clock surveillance for seventy two hours? At that price? I don’t have the manpower!’

‘Ja,’ the second voice is easily recognisable, or technical expert, Roland Puddlemeister, or the Prof as we call him, ‘things have not been ze same since Monty left. But we need the money mine friend.’

‘Who can I use? I’ll need two operatives. And Tinker’s still investigating the cheerleader scam.’

‘He has been on zat case for six years.’

‘Now, there’s a guy who’s happy at his work. And Sally’s still working with the fire department. Leaves only... Oh no!’

‘Ja, why not? Use ze bimbo. Is very simple, she just has to point ze camera and photo all she sees. Also you need only her, not two. In fact, maybe she is ideal for the job.’

‘You mean?’

‘Ja, who else can hold it for seventy two hours?’

****

Let me tell you about surveillance. Maybe you think it’s easy, but it ain’t. Takes a real tough cookie. You gotta stay in a darkened room, not moving, for hours, sometimes days on end. And by not moving I mean not moving, not even to the john. It’s my speciality. It seems this time the customer’s asked for 72 hours non-stop - she knows her man’s cheating but wants a full list of who with. Problem’s gonna be getting the camera and supplies in. Food ain’t vital but you sure need plenty to drink. TC suggests I disguise myself as a hiker, walk past the stake out, go down the side alley and in the back. OK. I go home and change...

‘Where have you been for the last four hours?’

‘Gee, TC. if God had meant women to get changed quick, She’d never have invented the full length mirror.’

‘You were meant to be dressed as a hiker, not in a skin tight black leather microdress.’

‘This is what I always wear hiking. Get lots of lifts and never go short of a bed for the nite.’

‘You’ve forgotten something,’ says Bob. So I have. I pull them out of my purse, red silk bikinis this time, and slip them on. ‘I meant the rucksack,’ he continues. I pull it from the cupboard and strap it on. Kinda heavy. I’ve found that Diuretic do all sorts of juice and I’ve invested in a few dozen. Won’t go thirsty, that’s for sure.

****

‘Prof,’ I coo into my mobile, how does the camera work again?’

‘Point ze wide end at ze action, press ze button. That is ze forty third time I’ve told you.’

‘Well there’s a lot of action here. The female mudwrestlers have left, but a coachload of nuns have arrived, and he’s still making it with the goats and the gorilla. Surely we’ve got enough on him now?’

‘Ze client wants 72 hours, you only done 36. Hey Chelle, not like you to cop out on surveillance. Getting soft?’

‘No way,’ I snarl. Still... I wriggle uncomfortably. This can’t be happening, not this soon. At school I was famous for it, Ms Iron Bladder they called me, days on end I could hold it. All the guys used to take my gym knickers off so they could see my iron bladder better. But now, it’s kinda registering full. Just an illusion I tell myself taking another swig of lime juice. These Diuretic folks sure make neat drinks. I look thru the eyepiece - never realised a goat could do that...

Grimly I push my thighs together. Just ten hours to go. The group from the Women’s Institute have finally staggered out, and I got a brief respite before the Bingo hall up the street empties. That guy across the way sure adds a new dimension to 69, any way up. He stretches and strolls to the john, not a sign of a stagger, talk about stamina! I swear I can hear him pee. Oooh. I stick a hand between my legs. Along comes the water truck, washing the dust from the street. In the park at the end of the block a fountain plays. Someone’s watering a lawn. I grit my teeth. Chelle can make it. Chelle’s tough.

Just... 30... minutes... to... go... I writhe, tell myself the little stream running down my fishnet stocking is sweat. Tighten my muscles. The stream stops. I point the camera. Yet another one. Snap. Hey, if I press this button I can see closer. Roland did say something about zoom control. Wish... I... hadn’t... mentioned... control... Focus in on the guy’s phone. Number on it. Snap. Guess who’s gonna get a phone call from the city’s sexiest brunette.

20... minutes... to... go... I press both hands between my legs. My phone rings. I pick it up. Oops. Oh well, just a tiny puddle.

‘Hello Michelle,’ the Prof’s voice, ‘We come to pick you up now. Well done. By ze way, did you come across a six pack of orange juice?’

‘Drank it. Sorry.’

‘All six, you drink six cans of diuretic orange?!’

‘It’s kinda more-ish. I bought more for the stake out. Another ten.’

‘Ten cans?’

‘No, ten six-packs. Just finished the last one.’

‘Chelle honey,’ his voice sounds strained, ‘you been to ze john since ze stake-out started?’

‘Of course not. I’m a professional.’ Wish... he... hadn’t... mentioned... the... john...

‘We come over right now. Don’t move!’

I can’t move. I’m stuck in a crouch, both hands hard between my legs. Abdomen seems swollen, almost bursting out from my tight dress, rock hard, yet pulsing in it’s own strange rhythm. I feel hot wetness at my fingers, tense, push back the flood with iron will (whoever he is) and rigid muscle. I’m biting my lip, moaning. I feel my buns warm and damp, and tense again. The little puddle between my feet grows. Drip, drip, drip.

Door bursts open... Bob and Roland... Pick me up... Into john. Oh! Oh! Oh!!

‘Never mind her panties,’ says Bob, ‘they’re wet already. Just get her on the pan.’

‘No, in ze bath. Mine research...’

Oh!! Oh!!! Oh!!!!

They stand me in the tub. Roland puts in the plug and pulls out a stopwatch. I try to straighten, take my hands from between my legs. Wait for the flood, the blessed relief.

Nothing happens. I sob, bite my lip, start to cry, try to remind myself I’m a tough private eye. Bob sees my distress, turns on a washbasin tap.I flood! Warm and wet it pours from me, almost solid from the pressure. My panties swell like a balloon before the torrent gushes thru the crotch, both legs, and even the waist elastic, a spurt shooting from my cleavage. Like a volcanic eruption the hot, foaming, green-gold river pours down my legs, it’s sheer ferocity pushing my knickers down round my knees. I kick them off. Unimpeded now, the flow fountains into the bath, all but lifting me off my feet.

More, and still more. I think there’s more of pee than there is of me - how did my small body hold so much? Ah, better. A more sedate flow now. I enjoy the sensation of the warm liquid flowing past my clit. Nice. Remind myself I haven’t been laid for 72 hours. Haven’t slept or eaten either, but a girl has to get her priorities right. Ooooh! Eeek! Ooooh! Nice. Get cleaned up and take Bob and Roland to bed. Make a shamus sandwich. Ooooh! Last dribble runs down my leg. I’m soaked, even my hair’s wet. Feel great.

What’s Roland doing? Measuring. Width, length, depth. Mutters something about allowing for the curvature of the bottom of the bath. Hey, how about the curvature of the bottom of Michelle? Checks his stopwatch. Mutters something about liters and flow rates, pulls out a calculator. Picks up my phone. Dials.

‘Hello,’ he says, ‘is that ze Guinness Book of Records?’

