Alright, so this is pure fantasy. This is what I wanted to have happened when I was 18, because this teacher was just gorgeous
One day in 1987, when I was a young virile 18 year old, I had an experience that was to change my life and arouse my interest in water sports as my sexual preference. The last lesson at my Grammar School on Tuesday afternoons was Pottery, a subject I hated, but I was madly in love with the teacher, a beautiful middle aged Welsh lady called Mrs. Vale. I would dream about her. Fantasise about her. As always in these situations, I got the feeling through imagined body language that she fancied me and that it was only a matter of time. On that day thirteen years ago, my dream came true. As usual, at the end of the lesson, I offered to help Mrs. Vale tidy up and take all the bits of clay that we were working on into the store cupboard. A nice big room with a kiln always going. I was on the step ladder and she was passing up the works of art. At that moment, unbeknown to us at the time, our class arsehole had silently closed the door and locked it from the outside. The class dispersed and the idiot who locked us in got told to go home by some passing teacher who thought he was stealing stuff. The teacher locked up the classroom escorted him to the exit. He thus had no chance to sneak back in. It was about 3.55pm when we found that we couldn’t get out. I suffered terribly from claustrophobia and panicked. Mrs. Vale explained that the caretaker or cleaners would hear us and we would be released shortly. Meantime she told me that her shopping bag was in the cupboard with us, so we had no worries about drinking water. We shouted and banged on the door for a while, not knowing that the outer door was locked. No cleaner would come into the room now, so we were trapped. At about 5pm we figured we were there for good, at least until the next morning. This was well before the days of mobile phones, so we had no way of alerting the outside world to our predicament. I was very panicky and Mrs. Vale put her arms around me in a comforting manner. This worked and I calmed down a bit. We had a drink of mineral water and passed the time talking about our lives. We discovered that we had a lot of shared interests, surprisingly in music and humour. Time passed. It was 7.30pm when we started showing signs of needing the bathroom. It seemed to happen for both of us around the same time. We valiantly hid it from each other for a while, avoiding any talk of liquids. Occasionally, we would glance furtively around the room, looking for somewhere to relieve ourselves. There was nowhere. By 8pm we were desperate. I had an almost permanent erection, and I noticed that Mrs. Vale sometimes let her eyes quickly flick down to it, and then back up to eye level again. It made me feel pretty good to know that my beautiful brunette teacher was checking me out. The conversation drifted into the subject of our desperation. The crunch came a little bit later. We were laughing about something, when suddenly Mrs. Vale sat up sharply and look bothered. "Oh God." "What’s the matter?" I asked. "Nothing." There was a pause. Then she said: "I’ve just wet myself a bit." I felt a pulse somewhere in my abdomen, and was very aware of my cock. "Never mind," I said. I looked to see if I could spot a wet patch anywhere, but I couldn’t. "How are you doing?" she asked, moving her thighs about, as if getting comfy. I didn’t want to say WHY I was managing so well, but just said: "Oh, I’m OK." She looked pained. "You know you could just go. If you wanted, Emma. You could just let it out. We are going to be here all night, so why don’t you just relax." And that was me saying that. I heard myself saying it. I had gotten so turned out by the enforced contact and her desperation that I was acting on some more instinctive level. I just wanted her so bad. She stared at me for a moment, then drew her knees up. Pulling her skirt up to expose her hot white panties, she parted her legs. "Watch this," she said and lay her head back. With a deep beautiful sigh, she relaxed her sphincter muscle and let the flood go. Before my startled and bulging eyes, her crotch darkened and swelled with pressure and piss. A small stream erupted from her and she moaned softly. I could stand no more. I slid my hands up her legs and began kissing around her soaking panty crotch. She opened her eyes when she felt my touch, and then pushed my head gently down to her pussy. I slipped the crotch of her panties aside, and her piss stream jetted out unhindered. She moaned louder and pushed her abdomen down to force it out faster. I ran my finger up and down her slit, reaching her clitoris just as the jet died out and the crotch slid back into place. My fingers continued the assault on her clit through her panties, and she began to shake as her orgasm approached. Slipping a couple of fingers into her lovely warm wetness, she grabbed my wrist and pushed me further in. Then she came, bucking and shaking and crying out. Her breathing returned gradually to normal, then she look at me with no lust – but utter mortification as she realised what had happened. I spoke first. "No–one need ever know." She looked up at me, legs still splayed, soaking pussy still quivering, in a puddle; my beautiful Mrs. Vale, who I had so often dreamed and masturbated over. How could I ever tell anybody about this? This, my wildest fantasy come true. "Never. You know you can trust me." She smiled and pulled her skirt down. Then she seemed to change her mind, and hiked it back up. Hooking her fingers into the waistband of her panties, she drew them down her long legs. She held them to her face and sniffed at them. Then she motioned for me to stand up. She passed the panties to me and unzipped my trousers. Without a word, she took my swollen cock and guided it into her mouth. I sank back against the wall. I had never so much as felt a girls tit at that point, and now… I lifted her panties to my nose and inhaled. It was her, her smell. With the gentle sucking from her mouth and the panties in front of me – I did not last long. She pushed right down as I began to ejaculate, sliding my whole length in, and her arms around my hips drove me deeper. My orgasm lasted forever. When I came to. She had sorted herself out and was sitting looking relaxed and cool. God she was so fine. We were released the next morning and we both went to our respective homes. However, no–one noticed that she was wearing no panties when she left, which stayed with me in payment for keeping our secret. I never told a soul.
Cresta
http://communities.msn.com/AgonyandEcstasy/ You can also email Cresta