Bringing Kiera Home Ch. 01
	Keira's boyfriend gets fed up of her wetting the bed.
AccidentallyKinky

"For fuck's sake Keira... again??" Jamie jumped out of bed, the left side of his body cold and damp, "every time you go out with the girls to get pissed... you get pissed. Literally."

"Sorry," Keira mumbled red-faced as she quickly gathered up the wet sheets, "I guess I had a little bit too much last night."

"You're not fucking kidding..." Jamie fumed, "I swear to god, one of these days, I'm gonna put you in a nappy."

"Oh, piss off," Keira laughed nervously and threw a pillow at him.

"You've already done that," Jamie retorted as he made his way to the shower.

Keira quickly stripped out of her wet pyjamas and bundled all the evidence of her accident into the washing machine. She couldn't believe it had happened again.

She'd never had a problem before; perhaps it was the stress of the new job. At 25, her recent promotion to Sales Manager made her the youngest member of the Managerial Team. She loved her job, but it involved long hours and very little time for socialising and relaxation during the week. But at the weekends she cut loose. Every Friday night, at the end of the workweek, she and her friends would go out on the lash to a trendy club or the latest hipster boozer recommended on social media.

For the past few weeks, every Saturday morning, she'd wake up having saturated the bed in her drunken sleep. And it seemed that her boyfriend, Jamie, was beginning to get fed-up of waking up covered in cold pee.

She'd met Jamie a year earlier; he was a guest speaker at some training day her company forced her to attend. At just over 6 feet tall, with cropped blonde hair, and a physique that suggested he worked out a lot, he was by far the best-looking guy there. His suit, obviously expensive, and well-tailored lent an air of sophistication. But it was his eyes, a bright, sparkling blue that seemed to shimmer as he smiled, that immediately attracted her to him. As she helped herself to some salad from the buffet, she caught his eye and flashed him a blush pink smile. She didn't think he'd notice but notice he did, and three minutes later, he came over and introduced himself.

They barely had five minutes for some mild flirtation before lectures resumed, but Jamie could have listened to her Tinkerbelle-esque sing-song voice for hours. It only took them two minutes to exchange numbers, and for Jamie to be confident that he wanted this girl in his life. Keira didn't realise the effect she had on men; she was oblivious. Standing at just over five feet tall, with her petite frame and shoulder-length light brown hair, she exuded the quintessential "little girl lost" demeanour. And when she flashed that shy smile, Jamie simply wanted to wrap his arms around her, hold her tight and never let go.

They had their first date that weekend and had been together ever since. Jamie's five-year seniority and muscular physique, made Kiera feel safe and protected when she was with him. She loved feeling his firm body on top of hers, his blue eyes sparkling with arousal like he was beaming his essence into her.

And now, she was acutely embarrassed. She was a grown-up for fuck's sake. She shouldn't be wetting the bed like a baby.

She was still naked when Jamie stepped out of the shower, wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. As she made her way into the bathroom, Jamie wrapped his big protective arms around her. He nibbled on her ear in a way that made her sigh contentedly. "I'm sorry darling for having a go at you, but..." he twirled her around, so she was facing him, looked down into her puppy-dog brown eyes, "this..." he pointed to his currently stripped bed... "cannot continue."

Keira felt like she was about to burst into tears, "I know, and I'm sorry...I promise I'll try."

Jamie kissed her lips gently, and with a soft pat on the butt, ushered her into the shower.

A week later, Keira went out with her friends again. She promised herself all week that she'd only have one drink, but her friends kept on getting rounds in, and she needed to let her hair down after the week she'd had. One drink led to three, then four, and there may have been a fifth.

She contemplated texting Jamie that she'd be going back to her place tonight, but between both their jobs, they barely got to see each other except for weekends, and she missed him desperately.

He was already in bed watching something on his iPad when she stumbled into his flat. She kicked off her heels and climbed into bed on top of him. He was deliciously naked. Her mouth, still tingling with the effects of the various cocktails she'd consumed, kissed a tipsy path down his chest. She paused momentarily to nip on one of his nipples gently and made its way down to his groin, where his beautiful glistening cock was beginning to stand proudly to attention.

She loved his cock; at 8 inches, he was the perfect size for her tight little pussy, the smattering of pubic hair covering his balls felt soft beneath her fingers as she massaged him while she voraciously took his entire length into her pretty ruby mouth.

Jamie groaned out loud as she left rings of fiery lipstick around his tumescence. He felt her drool running down his shaft as she slobbered at his cock, her mouth working him like a cheap weekend whore. He wanted, nay, he needed her. He sat up, and with the ease of lifting a feather, he gripped her by the waist, hiked up her dress, and ripping her panties aside firmly planted her upon his hardness. She bounced up and down like a rubber ball, her heart-shaped ass slapping against his balls, he pressed his thumb hard against her clit as he felt her pussy muscles clenching against him as her orgasm forced him to spurt his cum deep inside her. She kept riding him, milking his cock until he felt depleted.

She sat astride him for a minute or two panting, then rolled off him, and still fully clothed, she nuzzled against his chest.

He stroked her hair for a minute, something she adored, and she emitted a soft mmmm. He noticed her breathing becoming more even as she began to doze off in his arms.

He pulled his arm out from under her, and she jolted awake. She sat up in bed and watched as her boyfriend disappeared into the en-suite.

"You might want to get undressed," he called from the bathroom.

With a dexterity that fortune favours slight women, she wriggled out of her clothing without having to move from under the covers. She haphazardly threw them across the room just as Jamie walked back in and gave her a look. He liked things tidy, did Jamie.

"I'll clean up tomorrow," she promised with a sheepish grin.

"I know you will," he flashed her a smile, "now lie down for me."

Keira suddenly noticed that he was holding something behind his back. She gave him a quizzical look, "what's that?"

"Lie down," he told her again, his tone more authoritative, and in her confused drunken state, she complied.

When he lifted her cute little bottom off the bed that she realised was he was doing and sat up in protest.

"Fuck off Jamie..." she pointed to the nappy he had placed under her, "I'm not wearing that."

"Darling, you've been drinking, and we both know what happens when you do that, don't we?"

"Oh please... I'll use the toilet now, and I'll be fine... I swear."

But Jamie was having none of it.

"You've pissed my bed every weekend for the past few weeks. I'm not waking up again in a cold, wet bed. You have two choices, either you go home to your place, or you wear this."

Keira contemplated for a nanosecond. She really didn't want to have to get dressed and go out in the freezing cold at this time of night. She also knew that Jamie was right; she didn't trust herself not to have an accident.

With tears smarting at the back of her eyes, she silent lay down and let Jamie put the nappy on her.

For the first time since they slept together, Keira didn't curl up into Jamie's chest. Instead, she rolled onto her side away from him and let a couple of stray tears roll down her cheeks.

Jamie felt awful, he loved this girl, he didn't want to hurt her, but he hoped that the humiliation of having to wear a nappy would help curtail her drinking.

Keira woke early, her head pounding and her tongue feeling like a caterpillar had died in her mouth. She stepped out of bed to get a drink of water when she felt the sodden heaviness between her legs. And then she remembered, and bright red mortification washed through her entire being as she ran into the bathroom. She removed the soaking wet nappy, wrapped the object of her humiliation in a whole roll of toilet paper, and threw it in the bin.

Forgetting about the drink of water, she got back into bed, and although she was still upset with Jamie for putting her through this, he was proved right, and she nuzzled into his chest, hoping to bury her shame in his protection.

Jamie awoke; Keira's tiny body huddled close to his, her warm breath gently blowing on his chest as she slept. Jamie patted the bed around him; it was dry. Hallelujah!!

He then gently moved his hand down to his girl's butt and found it unprotected but still sporting a slight damp stickiness, and he figured out what had happened.

He affectionately kissed the top of her head as he began to rub her ass slowly. As Keira stirred in her slumber, he gently wakened her by rubbing her wet little pussy, her tiny little rosebud clit peeking out from between the folds of her shaven lips. With dance-like movements, his fingers choreographed a ballet into her creamy wetness, and she woke to a shuddering orgasm.

"Now, isn't this a much better wetness to wake up to?" Jamie smirked as she panted to full wakefulness.

Keira blushed a deep shade of red, which Jamie simply found adorable.

"How about you join me in the shower, darling?" Jamie held out his hand.

Keira suddenly felt very self-conscious, imagining that her entire being oozed with the scent of shame.

The hot water washed over her body as she let Jamie shampoo her hair. With her back to her boyfriend, she finally allowed the unshed tears to fall, letting them mingle with the torrential pour of the shower.

Once they were back in the bedroom wrapped in fluffy white towels, she began picking up last night's clothes from the floor.

"Leave those," Jamie took her silk blouse out of her hands and let it slink to the floor. He gathered her in his arms, and she finally spoke.

"I'm never drinking again," she mumbled into his chest in a little-girl voice.

"Oh no need for that," Jamie winked, "you look adorable in a nappy, and one day you'll thank me for making you wear it."

Keira may have wanted to kill him at that moment, but she didn't realise quite how soon those words would be very true.

