Lunambra 2-9

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Nine - Contest

As soon as she finished her speech, she felt Mary's warm hand on her thigh. "That sounds good to me," she whispered.

"I don't have anything better to do," Sabina said with a chuckle. "What are we going to do?"

Mary lifted her head up from Marina's other side. "How about we have a contest? The last one to pee wins."

Marina smiled. "I like that idea. What shall the prize be?"

"I think it would be fun if instead of a reward for winning, the losers get a penalty," Mary said. If I start losing control, I'll step outside of the hidden area here, hike up my dress, and piss on the floor in front of everyone. If Sabina loses, since she's wearing leather pants and it wouldn't show either way, the winner gets to pee on her. If Marina loses, she has to stand and go through her pants so everyone on her way back to the servant's chambers can see what she did."

The two others thought for a while, before nodding in agreement. "What of other rules?" Sabina asked. "Are we allowed to hold ourselves? Can we touch each other?"

"We can do whatever we need to in order to hold longer," Marina said. "And touching is allowed, it will only add to the challenge and the fun. We are allowed do whatever we can to make the others lose control first."

"Aye," Mary agreed. "I guess we're ready then..."

Mary took no time in turning on her side and placing her left hand on Marina's chest. She rubbed her breast through the burlap, but Marina swatted her hand away quickly and tore the shirt off, placing it on one of the crates of coin. Mary leaned over and began licking at Marina's hardened nipple, pressing it into her breast with her tongue. Marina pressed up between her legs with her right hand, letting her left wander to the front of Mary's dress. She pulled the fabric up and felt her way to the girl's flower, gently rubbing her middle finger along the tight slit. Mary's legs slammed shut, but Marina simply maneuvered her finger to enter Mary, and she pressed against the rough spot two inches inside. "Oh God," Mary moaned, rubbing her thighs over Marina's hand.

Seconds later, Marina felt her right hand getting pulled from its spot. She closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, and felt Sabina slide her own hand under Marina's drawstring and into her burlap pants. Sabina tickled at the tip of her womanhood, flicking it with her thumb and rubbing the outside of Marina's vagina with her pointer finger. Marina returned the favor, pulling Sabina's drawstring loose and forcing the leather pants farther down her legs. Soon, all three of them were feeling the pleasure, and all thee of them were feeling their mounting desperation. Mary had her face pressed into Marina's breasts to stifle her sounds, and Sabina was biting down on a chunk of her shirt. Marina needed no crutch, as bedding the Prince had forced her to develop the ability to keep quiet no matter how much pleasure she felt.

Marina smiled down at Mary. The younger girl was writhing about, her protruding belly visible under her blouse. Marina gently slid her finger out of Mary and moved her hand up, pressing lightly on the girl's solid bladder. She bit her lip and scrunched up her face, but did nothing to stop Marina as she poked and prodded. Sabina saw what was going on, and took the opportunity to hold herself while Marina was distracted. Mary's eyes suddenly went wide, and she grasped Marina's arm. "Stopstopstopstop-"

Marina grinned wickedly and pushed through Mary's grip with her superior strength, turning onto her side to embrace the stable girl. With one hand on Mary's left breast and the other on her belly, Marina pulled in and held her there, kissing the side of Mary's neck. Marina heard Mary release a strained moan, and she felt a hard burst of wetness spray against her leg. "She's losing it," Marina whispered to Sabina. "You made the rules Mary, get out there." Marina stumbled to her feet, clamping her legs shut, and helped Mary up.

"I don't want to," Mary pleaded. "I thought I could last long-" Sabina stepped forwards and pushed Mary's shoulder, and the girl stumbled out from behind the crates with a yelp. She shoved her hands and the front of her dress between her legs and bounced in place, looking helplessly to the two other women who blocked the way back into privacy. All the other women in the room had turned towards her. "I can't hold it in," Mary whimpered seconds later. She opened her legs and pulled her dress up, and the flood found its way through her underclothes and splattered onto the stone floor.

She exhaled in pure ecstasy and leaned on the wall as she felt the warm liquid surge out of her small body, spreading down her legs and heating her cold feet. The attention that Marina had given her, combined with the sudden relief, was too much for Mary's body to handle. The pulses started in the pit of her stomach, and she had to shove her hand over her mouth as she came where she stood. She managed to effectively disguise it as crying, and she barely made it back behind the crates before her legs gave out and she fell back next to Marina.

Sabina smiled at Mary, reaching past Marina and stroking her hair. Mary was sleepily kissing Marina's chest, but now that she had her relief, Marina had lost interest in the girl. Not wanting to hurt her feelings, Marina allowed Mary to continue handling her body as she looked over to Sabina. "It's just you and me now," she mouthed. "How do you feel?"

The older woman smiled. "I feel like I am about to give birth to a lake. My cunt is quivering and throbbing, and each breath I take is a battering ram besieging my womanly gate."

Marina would have laughed, if she didn't know it would spell defeat for her. "Very poetic," she said mockingly.

"How do you feel, then?" Sabina asked.

"It's hard to describe," Marina whispered. "It's as though I've gone beyond regular desperation. The throbbing pain is gone, the pressure no longer comes in waves. Holding myself doesn't help anymore, and neither does shutting my legs. It's just a constant, overwhelming fullness that has taken over my whole body and mind. My muscles are the only thing keeping it in at this point."

Sabina had started pleasuring herself half way through Marina's description. "Where did a servant girl learn how to hold her pee that well? I always thought you castle-dwellers had no worry of this."

"You saw me with Baeden," Marina said. "We've been engaging in this sort of fun since our little adventure at Olsha. Every few days he makes me hold on until I burst in my dress. Usually I just sort of...decide to let go, before the pain gets too great. But it seems to have strengthened me down there. Would you like to feel it?"

Sabina's face went red. "Yes, I would," she mumbled into Marina's ear. She felt Sabina's warm hand on her thigh, and soon it was pressing against her womanhood. She straightened her legs as Sabina's middle finger found its way in, and Sabina giggled as she felt the powerful contractions around it. "That's amazing," Sabina gasped softly. "I'm surprised how good you are at this, but you should not underestimate me. I still have some time left."

"Holding my piss is not the only thing Baeden has been teaching me," Marina whispered.

"What else, then?"

"A number of things. How to behave like a Lady when I need to, how to repair armor and weapons, how to fight with sword and spear. Also, he's taught me quite a bit of wrestling."

Sabina sensed that something was about to happen before she really understood what. She lurched a second too late as Marina's legs twisted around her soaking wet hand, locking it in place. "THIS IS CHEATING-" But Sabina had no chance as Marina rolled, pulling Sabina over onto her stomach. One maneuver later, and Marina was nearly sitting on Sabina's back, facing her backside and holding her legs in place. Spreading her legs a tiny bit further, Marina's full weight was on Sabina. "Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh GOD!" Sabina wheezed in agony, just before the hissing sound reached Marina's ears. Sabina stopped writhing, and Marina watched the woman's 'lake' flow freely from her privates, her leather pants still down past her knees.

Mary scrambled to her feet and moved away from the rapidly spreading puddle, watching the thick, nearly clear stream surge out of Sabina. Marina leaned forwards and found Sabina's hole, sliding her thumb inside the woman and pushing hard on that special spot. Sabina bucked like a horse, gasping and moaning freely into the open air. Everyone knows what's going on back here, no point in worrying about it now, Marina thought. They've all wet themselves too, I'm sure that they would rather forget this entire ordeal than complain about us. A few moments later, Sabina's legs started shaking violently as she still flowed, and Marina felt the tightening and wetness that only accompanied a powerful orgasm. Removing her hand from the woman's privates, she saw the slick white liquid coating her thumb. She washed it off in Sabina's stream, holding her hands there until she trickled to a stop after a total of nearly two minutes.

"You're a bitch," Sabina wheezed into the stone floor. "How did you do that without soaking yourself too?"

Marina slid off of Sabina's back, laying next to her. "Baeden taught me how to hold it in, and how to wrestle. There was quite a bit of both combined as well. The secret is to keep your back straight and not let your legs fold up and press on your belly. And now, I believe I get to pee on you." Marina already had her pants around her ankles and was lowering into a squat. Do you want it on your chest, or between your leg-"

KLA-THUNK

All three women froze as the sound of heavy wood hitting stone echoed around the treasury. Marina forced herself to her feet again, leaning forwards with her legs slightly apart. A man's voice rang out to them. Prince Baeden's voice. "The siege engines have moved away from the city, and we have come to a peaceful solution. You are all free to go home. I know that many of you must feel embarrassed, but I understand how things work down here, so I've brought a crate of thick, dry towels. Use them as you see fit before returning to the castle.

Marina stumbled out from behind the crates. Baeden's eye instantly caught her red hair flickering in the torchlight, and he smiled at her. Glancing around the room, she saw that she was the only woman who had stayed dry. All the others were still scattered about the treasury, some sitting in their own puddles, others were standing naked from the waist down, their wet pants folded in their arms, and still more were huddled in the corners, trying to avoid all the wetness. These must have been the women who chose to relieve themselves freely, as none of them were squirming or otherwise showing signs of fullness. Looking to Baeden, she saw a stance that she was very familiar with. He was standing with his legs at shoulder-width with his cuirass unbuckled, leaning back with his hands gripped in fists at his side and his abdomen protruding forwards. He was just as desperate as she was, if not more.

She started crossing the treasury as smoothly as she could, her legs together and her arms out in a strained, ladylike stride. Marina noticed that only a few of the women were using the towels to dry themselves off, most the others just wanted to get home as quickly as possible. She reached Baeden, and she stood beside him as the women filed out of the treasury. As soon as the last one was out, Baeden turned and slammed the heavy lock. Marina had noticed that Sabina and Mary were not among them, and she remembered how they could see out of the concealed spot through a gap in the crates. She smiled again, ready to give them the show of their lives. She turned to face Baeden, grasping his manhood through his velvet pants and kissing him passionately. He returned the kiss, then sniffed. "You smell like sex," he whispered to her.

"That should be no surprise. I've watched countless women pee themselves while I myself held on. I would be lying to say that I am not more excited than I have ever been."

"I am proud of you, Marina," Baeden whispered to her. "You have no crutch to fall back on like men do. You held it all in with your own strength."

Marina held herself against Baeden's chest. "It's all thanks to you." She fell to her knees and tore at his drawstring, letting the velvet fall to the ground. He was not soft, but not fully hard either. She watched it quiver and vibrate with his desperation, and she took it in her right hand, giving the tip a light lick. He moaned quietly, and she watched as a tiny drop leaked out of him. He caught himself and stepped out of the pants, grasping at his manhood. "You said you wanted to have me like you did our first night together," she whispered. "I am far fuller than I was back then. So let us get on with it, before we both add to this puddle."

