Title: The Day the Earth Stopped at a Red Light

By: Fluidity

"Gort, she's driving away! What can I do?" The silver robot stood motionless, but the alien knew his answer. He must find a way to halt the woman's progress.

Michelle had won the great tennis match, relieved her bladder, changed her knickers, and was on her way to the celebratory party. The brief congratulations back in the dressing rooms were nothing compared to the party she was going to, but it had been full of good will and plenty of Champaign. Even Sally came over to wish her hearty best wishes for a great match. Sally admitted that her bladder was past bursting the final set. Michelle blushed but kept her secret that her own bladder had been as full but carefully concealed wetting had been her advantage.

Now Michelle was on her way to the great party. Her hot pink roadster zipped up the M1 way out of London and into the uncharted wilderness of the English countryside. She glanced at the instructions and left the M1 at Turner Road. After 15k or so she began to realize that the Champagne had made its way through her and would need release soon. Nothing like champagne to fill the bladder, Michelle thought.

After a few twists and turns she found herself in a deep forest where her directions indicated a left turn would soon appear. There it was, Whizzer's Lane; she took the sharp left turn and zoomed down deeper into the forest.

"Do you think this is the right place?" asked the Alien. Gort consulted with the computer record of the earth woman, Michelle, and reported to the alien. "Thank you, Gort. This would be a good place, and the woman will be in dire need very soon."

Michelle knew that she would need a wee and could not wait long. The tennis match had stretched her sphincters to the point of fatigue and she didn't believe that they were up to holding back another two litters again. Although champagne goes right through her, she had also consumed several cups of coffee and some bottled water to help keep her from the dangers of alcohol on the road. She fidgeted quietly and gave her thighs a squeeze.

The alien knew that Michelle was one to always uphold the law and obey the lawful signals of society. This he was counting on, for up ahead he set the light that Michelle would soon approach to red, and only to red.

Michelle was humming along in her snazzy little car, giving her thighs a squeeze every minute or two as she was reaching her capacity. Little did she know that the alien and his robot were setting the light ahead to red, and were performing a mind trick on her little brain which would force her to honor that light, no matter how long it stayed red.

Michelle pulled up to the red light. There was a little road going off to the left and right into the forest and disappeared behind trees before 20 miters. "Gosh, who uses this light," thought Michelle, and the her sphincters flared up again. She gave a quick poke to keep things under control and put her car into neutral. "This forest is only a few km deep; I'll be out and to a petrol station before any crisis."

Michelle's bladder was now as full has she had been able to recall, certainly more full than during the tennis match where she was forced to dance across the court. The pressure was very great on her sphincters but they held; the sitting position always helped get her body in a position to tighten up and endure. The pain was intense but not unbearable. She knew the light would change soon but she had to decide what to do about her bladder if nothing happened soon.

Michelle reached under her short white skirt and gently rubbed her finger over his slit and her clit; with all the pressure on her bladder she was getting very randy and would love a good frigging as long as no one came by. "Damned that light! It seems like it will never turn." Her knickers were soon sopping wet from her arousal but she knew she must not take herself over the edge for then her sphincters would fail entirely. That happened once at the opera and it was a major incident which trained her never to do that again. But it felt sooo good to be immensely full and aroused. She felt her genitals swell and lubricate as she gently stroked her clit and was soon in a sexual daze of arousal and bladder pressure. "God, I'm hot," she whispered to herself as she glanced down at her full breasts, stretching at her tight but very low-cut blouse. Her other hand soon was softly stroking a nipple.

As Michelle sat in a heavenly state of pain and arousal the alien in his saucer was receiving all of Michelle's sensory signals, and his three-headed sexual organ was erect and starting to poke out the neck of his suit. "Gort, bring me that pineapple; there is nothing like it in the universe when I feel like this." Earthlings would have difficulty understanding exactly what the alien did with that pineapple, and the few that could figure it out would undoubtedly become ill.

Meanwhile, Michelle's bladder continued to fill. Her built-in unconscious sphincters were holding back the flood so her voluntary sphincters did not have to withstand the full pressure, but they were twitching occasionally because of the extreme state of arousal to which Michelle had taken herself. She wished she still had that dildo in the glove compartment but the afternoon with the moose ruined it months ago and she never replaced it. By now she had scooted down a bit yanked her knickers out of the way so that her finger was stroking her clit directly. She knew that she could stay in this state of extreme arousal, just short of an orgasm, almost indefinitely, but she had never found herself doing it with such a full bladder before. She was frankly amazed at what her body was doing. Still, she wished that light would change so she could take a royal piss, because the pain of her bladder was very great.

As night fell Michelle continues to softly stroke her clit, carefully gauging the pressure, and watching the light hoping it would change. But soon she was fast asleep. While she slept her body finished filling her bladder and her sphincter was shut tight, holding it all in. She had shut off the car long before so she lay there peacefully all through the night.

The alien completed his private activities and turned the space ship over to Gort for his forty-six hour post-orgasmic rest. This race bred only twice a year and a male orgasm was extremely fatiguing. He directed Gort to allow the light at which Michelle had stopped to begin cycling normally and removed the effect of the mind control.

As the sun rose, Michelle's car remained in the shadow of the trees but she slowly came out of her sleep because of the light of the blue sky. She remembered last night and the heavenly sexual pleasure she had given herself, and the red light which curiously kept her stopped for hours. And then her bladder reminded her of her predicament. The past few hours of sleep her kidneys had awakened and been pouring fresh pee into her already overfilled organ. "Ooo, Shit! I'm going to flood the car if I don't take a piss."

No longer under the mind constraints of the alien, she opened the door of her car and saw a welcoming bush on the other side of the road. She could hardly stand on her feet and could certainly not stand upright, the pressure was so great. He sphincters were quivering and twitching and unable to assist her so she hiked up her skirt as she waddled toward the bush, but she never made it. First one gigantic squirt and then another splattered onto the pavement and Michelle was forced to squat right there in the middle of the road. She had pulled her knickers off to the side last night so her pee hole had a free path.

The pressure of her stream splattered her shoes, her legs, and her ass, but there was nothing she could do; she had to stay there and relieve this great pressure; there was no question of trying to stop it. The puddle she made surrounded her shoes and ran in all directions, finally reaching both sides of the road. As she squatted and pissed and pissed she might have looked down into the puddle and seen reflected in it the white trail of the alien saucer as it streaked back toward its home, filled with tales of Earthling's exploits that would bring them back for more.

