Suzy’s Schoolnight
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

While Suzy was shopping in the town centre, she saw a flyer from a nightclub about a “School Dinners Night“, in which young guys and girls come down in school uniform fancy dress and think about the ‘best days of their lives’. She decided to go and have a good time.

She looked in her wardrobe when she got home, and sure enough, she found her old school uniform and skirt. However, she found that they obviously too small to wear, so the next day, she went shopping in a department store to buy a knee-length skirt, a white blouse, and even got a black tie from the mens’ department.

The night of the dance came and Suzy had got changed into her school uniform outfit… she looked at herself in the mirror. She had been thirsty for a while, so she opened a can of cola and drank it. After that she was ready to go to the nightclub.

When she got there, Suzy was looking at the other people, all wearing school uniforms and dancing away. She went on the dance floor for a while. She felt thirsty again while she was dancing, so she went to the bar to get a drink… she had a glass of orange… they were free of charge for the duration of the dance. She was enjoying herself with males, teasing some females and then drank some more orange. She later felt a twinge in her bladder, but ignored it for a while and kept on dancing.

Later, she became very desperate, so she stopped dancing and went back to the bar to have another glass of orange. She had crossed her legs and began to fidget, and was bouncing up and down a little. She noticed that the toilets were only metres away from her, but she was reluctant to use them. She saw other people use them. Soon, she turned to the bar and started to hold herself.

When she did so, she thought about one of her schooldays that she needed to go to the toilet. On that occasion, she deliberately made herself wait from when she left home in the morning. She held it until she rushed to the toilets and locked herself inside one of the cubicles, and started to hold herself through her schoolskirt. She held on to the point that she was going to wet herself, so she walked out of the cubicle, wrapped her skirt around her legs and peed, allowing the stream to run down her legs forming a puddle underneath.

That incident made Suzy decide to deliberately wait until she could not hold it any more. She needed to get rid of six glasses of orange and one of cola. She grabbed herself so tightly that she felt getting herself turned on. She wanted to pee badly, so she spotted a dark place behind the dance floor and walked towards it.

As other people were too busy enjoying themselves, she got herself inside the dark place. She wrapped her skirt around her legs, grabbed herself and relaxed her bladder. She felt the pee seep into her panties and then soak her skirt and hand. She could just about see the puddle that was making under her legs. It seemed to go on for ages, but she was enjoying the moment of releasing her pee.

When she finished peeing, she lifted up her wet skirt, pulled aside the soaked gusset of her panties, and started to finger herself. In about twenty minutes, she had a sensational climax, and she was surprised that nobody found her there. Suzy will never forget that night in a hurry.

