Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Humiliation, Masturbation, Foreplay, and Sex.
At work we have a strict policy. You can surf and mail work related and mail privately as well if it doesn't take up to much work time. Porn is strictly forbidden. As head of the IT department I had to check this from time to time. All Internet pages visited were logged on both who visited and how long they stayed if they were not in the approved list. I checked the log twice a week and if a site was clearly work related I added it to the list immediately. If it was on the edge of work related but not in violation of work codes (porn) I added it to a second list where the maximum visit time was restricted to half an hour, if it got longer it was logged after all. All it took me was about ten minutes each day now. In the beginning it had been much more of an hassle. One person had been fired over violation of the code, and he had been the reason for installing the monitoring at all.
In the beginning people were upset about this monitoring, but when they noticed nothing happened if they remained in line, and if they did too much private surfing I discreetly informed them they had to cut it down a bit. While they didn't like it in the beginning it became clear that the network wasn't clogging up so much when the private surfing was minimal. When I was also able to upgrade the intranet and get a quicker Internet connection at the job because we needed the external sites for our work, people couldn't be bothered anymore.
The big advantage of being the IT head was that I was the one that did the checking, and I alone. I deleted the logs as soon as I checked them and so I was the only one that could surf all I wanted. When the going was slow, I went to the Internet. 
Of course I have my own connection at home, but why bother surfing only there?
One day I was surfing one of my favorite sites where I was watching pictures of woman whom were wetting themselves in obvious manners. It was clear it was on purpose and it was clear it was sexual. Like any sensible person with IT knowledge who was going against policy I had programmed a panic button. With one simple keystroke combination Firefox would hide and come out only when the keystroke was repeated.
I knew my secretary Eve had a crush on me, and though I liked her I wasn't searching for a relationship and I acted like I missed all the signals. I did keep her happy though. She knew that I have always treated my secretaries to lunch once a week, gave flowers to them once a month, and took them to dinner for their birthday and on Secretary's Day. I saw no reason to change that, and since she had had her birthday a week ago we were going to dinner that evening after work.
I knew she hoped something more would come out of it and she had given subtle hints indicating sexual favors were possible and appreciated. 
During the day I finished my workload and started to check the Internet log. As usual it was almost completely empty. Eve was flagged red though, something that had never happened. She had checked sites that were marked inappropriate or pornographic. I checked two sites quickly seeing they were bulletin boards about various subjects, but both had common threads about seducing a man. I grinned. Apparently she wanted to get to me badly. Perhaps I would have to make it clear to her I wasn't interested in a relationship. No woman had ever been able to give me what I needed and all relationships went bad over that eventually, so why bother? The last site was about lingerie and with a grin I closed the log and deleted it. I granted her the private time today.
Then I switched on my secret browser and started surfing, watching pictures and stories of woman wetting themselves. I was really into a movie when Eve walked into the door. Hitting the panic button the browser went away and the movie automatically paused on the moment supreme. The woman was about to pee her jeans. Eve had some papers for me to sign and she wanted to show me something in the mail that had come in. Sometimes Eve is a bit clumsy, and she was this time as well. While I was reading and signing the papers she wanted to open my mail browser but used the wrong short key and accidentally pressed my secret key combination and up went the browser and before I noticed the woman had gotten wet to her knees. When I noticed Eve watching the movie my heart stopped. I would get fired over this if she reported me and we both knew it. Eve's mind was racing, I could tell, and I expected her to run out of my office at any time, screaming that I was a pervert and getting me sacked. 
She remained standing though and slowly turned, facing me. When she was looking at me directly the grabbed her skirt and pulled it up enough for me to see her panties. She shoved the dustbin directly beneath her panties and suddenly they got wet and darker. Her light blue panties turned dark blue and not long after that her pee started to fall down between her legs. Moaning she started to massage her crotch until she started to convulse in her orgasm, pee still flowing into her panties. She dropped to her knees, opened my fly and took my dick in her mouth. She started to suck and move her head up and down, rushing me to my climax in less than thirty seconds. Putting my dick back in my pants she swallowed and told me I tasted very good. I was looking at her in shock. Fifteen years of sexual frustration, of woman being disgusted by my fetish, gone in five minutes.
She walked back to her chair and simply sat down, apparently not bothering with her skirt getting wet from her panties. She smiled at me and told me she looked forward to our dinner that evening. Well so did I!
After work she went home and I was supposed to pick her up at 19.00, but I was there at 18.30 already. She let me into her house and told me to wait in the living room while she finished changing. Suddenly she walked into the room wearing a simple T–shirt and gray leggings, grabbed my hand and took me to the balcony. "I need to pee, bad. Why bother going to the toilet when you are here already, right?" I looked at her crotch and soon enough a stain started to spread down her legs, Eve was wetting them thoroughly! I enjoyed the sight and the bulge in my pants was showing clearly. When Eve was finished and she stopped dripping she twirled around, showing me all the glory of her leggings and then took me inside. She petted my bulge and told me I had to wait, after dinner she would help me get rid of my pressure. She changed into an elegant short skirt with matching silk blouse and a jacket. Before we left she grabbed a liter bottle of water and emptied it quickly. "I wouldn't want to get dehydrated, now would I?" she winked at me.
We went to one of my favorite restaurants and had a wonderful meal; we were in a private cubicle, one that I always reserved, and when no one was helping us we had complete privacy. During dinner Eve kept drinking a lot of water, we only sipped our wine, mutually having decided to keep sober to enjoy the evening to the max. After another bowl of water had been brought Eve told me she had to pee and hiked up her skirt so I could see her panties. As soon as her skirt was out of the way Eve shove her crotch to the end of her chair and started to pee slowly. All of her panties got wet and soon she started to dribble. After that she shut off the pee and told me she would finish in the toilet and put on fresh panties. When she came back she told me she finished through her panties standing over the toilet with her skirt down, She showed me her new panties, the same light blue ones. She finished the water and then we had desert and some coffee. Eve giggled– drinking coffee always had made her have to pee. I paid the bill and we left for her home as I thought, but Eve told me she wanted to go to the movies with me first. I didn't mind and so our dinner turned into a real date, and we both knew and liked it. While we were walking to the movies Eve told me she had to pee real bad again and took me into an ally. She just spread her legs and peed, the pee falling directly down, not wetting her skirt and not wetting her legs. "I practiced this in the restaurant, I see you like it". My bulge was clearly showing and I felt like my balls would explode if they didn't get release soon. Eve told me to hold on, she would make it worth my while and I managed to just hold on.
We went to the movies and decided on a SF thriller, since we are both into that. Half way into the movie Eve whispered into my ear she had to pee again and that she would go into her wet panties and through her skirt. She invited me to stick my hand up her skirt and feel her panties. I readily agreed and she went for it. After she finished I slipped a finger under her wet panties and started to finger her to an intense orgasm. While I was still fingering her she opened my fly and swallowed me, I came immediately and she swallowed it all. "I figured it would be too much and I didn't want it to be wasted. I like the taste you see," she winked at me. We finished the movie and after that we drank a few soft drinks at the bar. We walked home, her jacket hiding her wet bum. She let me into her house where I excused myself to pee and she told me to wait for her in the living room while she slipped into something more wettable. I waited for her for a few minutes and then she came out in light red, figure hugging stretch jeans. She took me by the hand and took me outside. We walked to the park across the street from her apartment. When we were in the park she took me to a fountain. I put my arm around her shoulder while walking there and she had put her head on my shoulder. When we arrived at the fountain she told me something mind blowing. "This is my favorite wetting spot. In these jeans it will be so obvious what I did, and when I'm going everyone can see, it's so open. Now sit on the bench and enjoy the show! I sat down and she walked a bit until other people arrived. Then she just stopped where she stood, spread her legs a bit, looked down and let it happen. Everything screamed 'woman wetting herself' and everyone looked at her. The stain was so obvious and the woman watching gasped 'oh my, she is wetting herself!' She quickly walked to Eve and watched it all happen. Eve clearly had an orgasm while peeing and when she finished the woman asked her how it had felt. If it was as good as it looked and Eve told her to try it. There was no other way to find out. "But I can't, everyone can see when I do that." "And that is part of the fun. Don't think about it, just do it, let it flow; enjoy it! I count down from 5 and at zero you go!" The woman looked around a bit uncomfortable and tried to walk away but Eve grabbed her hand looking her into the eyes. "5...4...3..." The woman was still half heartedly trying to break lose and go, but she also spread her legs in a pre–wetting way. I thought I was going to burst out of my jeans. "2...." The woman looked around and gave another tug at Eve's hands but spread her legs even some more. "1...." The woman stopped struggling and watched her crotch, clearly surrendering to Eve's counting, her legs shaking a bit. "0!!! Go!!!" As soon as Eve said 0 the woman bent her legs some more, but in a shock straightened them after a second. Not long after her crotch changed color and two wet streaks formed on her legs. The woman moaned and was clearly enjoying herself. Suddenly her eyes opened in surprise and Eve had to hold her or she would have fallen over in orgasmic bliss. The woman thanked Eve and walked away fast. Eve came to me and together we walked to her apartment.
On the way back she told me she couldn't believe it. Today of all days the woman came up to her and Eve managed to talk her into wetting her pants. Eve went there at least once a weak to publicly wet herself and one day the woman walked past while Eve was wetting herself. The woman had been watching with obvious interest and the next day Eve had seen her from her window coming out of the park disappointed, clearly looking for someone. Eve hoped she had been looking for her and the next day she went into the park again and waited for the woman. When she saw Eve she stopped and watched her with anticipation clearly waiting to see if Eve would wet herself again, and when she did the woman had obviously enjoyed it. After that Eve went to the park twice a week and every time the woman came looking for her. Eve had hoped she would join in one day, and this day she had. And Eve was thrilled it was also the day I was there.
When we came to Eve's apartment we walked straight into her bedroom and quickly undressed. Eve was clearly in desperate need of a good fuck so I gave it to her, in fact I gave it to her three times until we fell asleep exhausted. When I woke up she was giving me a blowjob and I woke for the orgasm. "Good morning you, care for a pee?" When I told her I was indeed ready she straddled me, took my still erect dick inside of her pussy and after a few strokes she stopped. "I always wanted to do this," she giggled, "I just never dared with my ex–boyfriends." After that she started to concentrate, telling me it was more difficult than she imagined, and suddenly started to ride me again. After two strokes suddenly the pee sprayed out of her cunt, wetting herself and me while she kept riding me and moaning. Still peeing she started to ride faster and faster until she convulsed on me, coming to an intense wetting–while–fucked orgasm. When she started to cum I emptied my balls into her as well.
While we ate breakfast we told each other our stories.
I told her that when I was fifteen, I was over at a friend's house doing a game of Truth or Dare with his sister and a friend of hers. We were sitting outside giving each other dumb dares and asking stupid truths. After a while my friend dared his sister's friend to wet herself. I remember she was wearing blue jeans, slippers without socks and a T–shirt. My sister giggled and said she would never dare. The girl, I forgot her name, asked why she wouldn't dare. She pulled up her legs and spread them a bit while she remained sitting. We all looked at her crotch and suddenly a wet spot appeared. She stopped there and then, claiming we didn't say she'd had to do it all, and this way she had wet herself. We kept pressing her to do the rest too, since this couldn't be counted as wetting yourself. Finally she agreed she would do the rest IF my friend's sister would do it too. We had no problem convincing her since she had to go to and she was wearing a skirt with panties. She stood up, hiked up her skirt and emptied her bladder though her panties. After that the other girl had no choice but to empty her bladder in her clothes as well, but no matter how much we tried we couldn't get her to stand up and wet that way. She remained sitting and peed herself like that. After that there wasn't much to be dared left and soon the game ended. 
My friend and I did keep talking about it, wondering what it would have looked like if she had wet herself standing up. After a week we spotted them in the garden and went to them, asking if they wanted to play another game of Truth or Dare. His sister asked if it was to get them to wet themselves standing up and my friend just said yes. I expected it to be over then and there but his sister told him there was no need for another game of Truth or Dare then. They had been wondering the same thing and just decided she would do it to see what it looked like. She also added that if we wanted to watch it happen we had to pay a fee. She named the price and we said we would only pay if they both peed. We talked around for some time until we came up with a deal. His sister would wet herself now, then we would take them to the movies that evening and pay for everything, and then when we came back her friend would wet herself before she went home. We agreed and my friend's sister spread her legs and peed herself. It was a big turn on for me and since that moment I have been hooked. The wetting of the other girl was a disappointment to me. She did it in a dark ally when we came back from the movies and she had been wearing dark jeans meaning we only saw the puddle appearing and growing. She did do a great pee though and told us she would have wetted herself even if we didn't agree on it.
That was the end of that though for the mothers noticed the wet jeans and punished the girls so severely that they never did it again. Well, except for one time when my friend's sister was punished severely for something she really hadn't done. She got so mad over it she pissed her panties under her skirt, saying if she got punished so severely she wanted to have done something to deserve it. Instead she got punished only harsher, even when they found out she didn't do the first thing after all.
Years later she and I dated, but she had learned to be an exhibitionist by then and she peed naked from the waist down with ease but refused to do a drop in her panties. The relationship died soon after I asked her to wet for me. Since then I have had more than one girlfriend but all relations died on my sexual interest in wetting.
After my story it was Eve's turn. When she was also around fifteen she had been to the movies with some girlfriends and their mothers. In the movie there was a game of Truth or Dare, and yes, a girl was dared to wet herself. After the game the girls were talking and laughing and the mothers had been joining in. At some point in the walk back home the girls started talking about the wetting and asking each other if they would have dared to do it. Suddenly one of the girls asked her mother if she would have dared and the mother said she would have indeed dared. The girl dared her mother to do it then, but she said though she dared, she saw no reason to do it and wouldn't. All the girls started to press that mother and their own to do it and laughing. Eve's mother told her she'd only do it if Eve did it first expecting the pressing to be over. All the other mothers joined in and not long after that the girls were asking each other if they would do it. The girls, like the mothers had expected, didn't want to wet themselves, but they did want to see their mothers do it. That would be the fun part. The mothers hadn't counted on the evilness of their daughters and getting your mother to wet herself was so devious that none could pass up the opportunity.
In the park the girls all stopped their mothers and faced them. Eve started wetting herself first, making her mother shout in surprise 'Ooh, no. My mistake, I never thought you'd do THAT!' Eve's mother was a sport though and when she saw her daughter was indeed peeing herself she let her bladder go as well. Seeing Eve's mother wet herself was enough encouragement for the other girls to let go and within minutes all of the girls and their mothers were wet. Some mothers started to pee before their daughter did, just because they knew it would happen anyway and they relaxed more easily and faster. Eve had her first orgasm there and then looking into her mother's eyes, and seeing the fireworks go off in her eyes as well a few seconds later. Eve was smart enough not to say out loud how much she enjoyed it and kept quiet when some girls and mothers announced how gross it was. All of them saw the humor of it though and they all went home laughing.
When Eve and her mother had come home her mother told her to go to the kitchen. Eve had expected to be sent to the shower instead and surprised she went to the kitchen. Eve's mother gave her a large glass of water while drowning a large glass herself. When they had finished their glasses her mother filled them again and Eve suspected that her mother was trying to fill her bladder. Not much later she found out she was right. She had finished her third glass of water making it one and a half liters of water rapidly filling her bladder. "Since we are wet already we might just as well enjoy it a second time. I don't want to find out that you have wet yourself after this, at least not too often. I admit that it feels good, but you're only supposed to feel this good with your husband, not with yourself or with a girl– or boyfriend. You understand me?" 
Eve understood that she had had an orgasm because of the way that her mother avoided the use of the word. Not too long after, Eve started to dance with the need to pee, but her mother told her to wait longer, drinking another glass of water herself. After fifteen more minutes Eve couldn't wait much longer and her mother sent her to the bathroom. "Go wet yourself, sweetie" her mother told her. She went and peed and orgasmed there and then. When her bladder was empty Eve's mother told Eve to wash herself and go to bed.
One hour later Eve woke up having to pee and walked to her door. It was just about closed– only a crack was left open. When she looked through it she saw her mother peeing on the toilet. The shock came however when she got of the toilet and then took her dripping wet panties off. After that she put her hand between her legs and started to move her hand around until she moaned a bit while her lower body convulsed. When her mother went to her bedroom she heard her say something to her father and then her father gasped and started to moan. Eve looked through their keyhole and saw her mother riding her father. She went to the toilet and peed through her panties and then went to her room. That night she discovered how to masturbate herself and from that moment on she did it often.
As long as Eve was living at home she kept wetting herself if she could get away with it and sometimes her mother would allow her to wet herself. For example she and her mother were working in the garden when Eve had to pee. That meant she had to wash her hands outside for her mother didn't want to get the kitchen dirty but her father had put a ladder against the water–tap and was on the roof repairing the chimney. Her mother just told her to wet her pants and did so herself. They both had an orgasm doing it and they both knew it. Her father was surprised to see both his wife and daughter wet and apologised for putting the ladder in the way. He did say that he thought the kitchen wouldn't have been so dirty and that peeing yourself instead was proving his point that Eve's mother was too clean.
There was one more memorable series of events though. At one point in her last school year they were on a Friday installing new urinals and the girls had never seen one of them. After school all the girls were giggling about it and asking boys how it worked. At one point a boy dared the girls to use a urinal to pee. Eve was wearing a long skirt that day and of course dared to do it. She said she dared, but saw no reason to do it. Everyone wanted to see Eve pee and a deal was made. If she dared– they would all pay her a dollar. Eve reached under her skirt, took off her panties and walked to the urinal. She hovered over it and spread her skirt in such a way she didn't get it wet but no one could see her pee. They all said she was cheating, but since they hadn't said this was not a way to do it they all paid up. The next Friday Eve was wearing a tight short skirt with blue panties (ones she knew wouldn't shine trough) and after school her friends cornered her and dared her for a rematch. Did she dare to pee this time, with no skirt to hide it under? Eve again said she dared but saw no reason to do it. The price was set at five dollars this time and Eve agreed under a lot of cheering. She went in and to the disbelieve of the others she simply hiked up her skirt and sat down on the urinal with her panties on, seconds later they all saw the change in color and heard the pee tinkle in the urinal. She was congratulated on her guts and out thinking them and they all paid up. After that nothing happened for a few weeks since the teachers were constantly walking around and they couldn't do it when they were sure to get caught. But three weeks later on a Friday they cornered her again. Eve had been wearing cut offs that day and they all dared her to go to the urinal again, but this time they told her she wasn't allowed to take off her pants but leave her panties on. Of course Eve knew she dared but she kept vague about it. Not until they promised her ten dollars a person she agreed. They went in and Eve just sat down on the urinal and peed through her cut offs. They all protested that she couldn't do it that way but had to agree when they thought about it they had given her that possibility (Eve claiming she hadn't thought of it until they told her she couldn't take off her cut offs without taking off her panties). They paid her but Eve made it clear that she would never pee with her cunt nude where boys could see it so after that they left her alone. One other girl from the group called her a chicken for not daring to do that though and the next week they all saw her peeing naked from the waist down for ten dollars a person. That girl had been wearing jeans so she had to strip completely. She was the class slut and had to keep her reputation low apparently. Later Eve heard she had allowed one of the boys to penetrate her afterwards when all others had gone and she was dressing. While she was bending over putting on her panties he walked up to her with his dick sticking out of his fly, she had just backed up, letting his thing slide in and then went forward to let it slide out. It had proven too much for the boy however and he came all over her back, or so the story went. A few weeks later Eve had been wearing black jeans when one of her friends asked her if she dared to pee in her jeans as well. Eve told her she dared, but they had to do it too. Since the other girls were all wearing short or long skirts they didn't have a big problem with that and Eve had to walk home with wet pants that day.
It all changed for her when she moved out of the house. She had a small apartment with a washing machine of her own. It took her about five minutes after her parents left her there alone for the first time to get her pants wet, and after that she peed herself twice a day for some time. But gradually it grew boring and though she loved to come while peeing, the mess was big and the thrill became cheap. After a while if she got randy she just went to her bedroom and masturbated normally without wetting. 
Then one day she had been going out and she had to pee. Just when she was about to go to the toilet she saw a woman wetting herself. Not by accident, but on purpose. She just spread her legs and wet herself. The people around her cheered and apparently she had won a bet but Eve felt a tingle in her crotch. She knew she wanted to wet, but also that she wanted to have someone watch it. So she went to the park and when someone was looking in her direction she peed her panties under her skirt slowly wetting down her legs. No one noticed but the orgasm and thrill were enormous. 
Eve had gone further and further over the time. First secretly wetting under a skirt, later openly wetting under a skirt and than one day she had gone to a concert. She had been wearing jeans since the weather was cold and she hadn't planned on wetting. But when she got to the park where the concert was she heard women complain that there were no toilets. None whatsoever. It appeared they had been ordered, but the dates got mixed up and they wouldn't be there and that was that. Eve started to talk to the group of women (about 40 women standing there) and they were all pondering what to do. Should they all go home? Should they squat? What to do? They all paid a lot of money for the tickets so going home was out of the question for all of them. But squatting? They had seen a few squatting women, but they either got fined or they were photographed. Eve simply suggested that since they would need to pee, didn't want to go home and didn't want to squat they had to pee themselves. And if they had to do it, they better get it over with and do it together there and then. That way there wouldn't be so much laughing and pointing. Before anyone had time to object Eve counted down from 5 and at zero she peed herself. Most of the woman peed with her, but a few waited to see if the others did it as well before they then dared to pee as well.
The idea of a large group of wetting women was catching on and even before the concert started most women and even a few men had peed themselves. Eve had enjoyed the concert but the wetting even more. She exchanged phone numbers with two women and they remained friends. They go to concerts together and always go in their pants when they do. They also went on vacation together once, and Eve wanted all of them to wet themselves in public places, but the other two never seemed to have the courage. 
I was so turned on after Eve's story I just bent her over the table, pulled down her panties and jeans and penetrated her. After two strokes we both came, intensely. Eve had to put a lot of clothes in the washer and we talked about the day before. Eve couldn't believe her eyes when she had accidentally hit my panic button and seen the movie of the wetting woman. Her first thought was 'how does he know' but then it occurred to her I couldn't have known and that I was finally a man that was into this. Unlike me she didn't have previous relationships. She wet herself on the first date and all of the guys had dumped her after that. She knew that no relationship would last if the other person wasn't into it as well, so she didn't really mind. (Technically although I had taken her virginity, her cherry was lost to her vibrator a long time ago– but she had been more than ready to fuck after all the wetting she did that day.) So when she decided I couldn't have known and had to be into it, the decision to pee herself was easily made. She would have done it tonight anyhow, but the timing was perfect now.
She asked me to go to my apartment to get some dry clothes so she could just sit on my lap when she was wet and I could have dry clothes if we should go out. I told her I would on one condition. She had to come with me and wet herself in my house. It appeared she had been planning that already. We got the clothes and I changed into casual clothes. As soon as I was wearing those she pushed me down on a chair, sat on my lap and began kissing me. Soon afterwards my lap got warm and wet and one of my all time favorite fantasies had come true. We never made it into my bedroom and we fucked right in the puddle she made. I stayed in her after my orgasm and when I was soft enough I started to pee inside her vagina. Eve moaned, then with one hand she grabbed my dick to make sure it couldn't slip out and with the other she fingered herself with a vengeance. She had two orgasms while I peed and after I was done I started to get hard again and I fucked her one more time.
We went back to her house and had lunch and then spent a pleasant time there until it was time to eat dinner. I took her to a restaurant that was very chic and popular. Usually you had to book it a few months in advance but my best friend owned it and after I called they had a table for two immediately. I didn't tell Eve where we were going but I told her to dress her best and I put on my best suit. Eve looked stunning in a beautiful dress, all silk, showing a lot of her beautiful body but only in a sexy not a trashy way. I kissed her and we got into the limo my friend had sent to get us. Eve was so happy when she saw where we went that with a tear in her eye, she kissed me on my cheek. We had a lovely dinner, the chef's surprise it was called, and after a long and wonderful evening we were brought home. Eve had gone to the toilet twice during dinner and didn't even hint at wetting. When we were back at her place we went to bed and made love passionately and again I slept over. I woke before Eve did and just lay there looking at her, falling deeper in love every second. When Eve finally woke up I kissed her softly on her cheek and then we got out of bed. We went to the bathroom to shower and soaping up each other got me hard. Eve simply grabbed my dick, bent over and slid me inside of her. She begged to do her hard and I screwed her so hard that I squished the pee out of her bladder. She was peeing hard and before I came she had another orgasm. 
We spent the rest of the day together and Eve kept dry the whole day. We talked and talked and deepened our affection for each other. I got to know her better and better and she got to know me too. We talked about our future plans, about our past, our family and much, much more. We also talked about sex of course, but there was not much new that we could tell each other. After dinner, which Eve cooked, she went into the bedroom and came out wearing light green leggings and a short T–shirt that showed her belly. Suddenly I realised Eve hadn't been to the bathroom for several hours and this outfit looked really wettable. I just knew what she was planning and without talking I got up and we went to the door together. "I might have miscalculated. I have to go so bad, but I want to make it to the park!" We walked there quickly and headed directly for the fountain again. When we arrived there we saw the woman who wet herself with Eve last time. She was wearing a skirt, but it was hiked up above her panties. The panties were glistering and a stream of pee fell down between her legs. There were several people watching the show and when her bladder was empty Eve walked over to her and went in her leggings. They showed the patch come into existence in her crotch and then down both legs. She was so obviously wetting herself that no one mistook it for what it was. I stopped to watch beside a man and a woman and enjoyed their conversation. "Well honey, I guess women are supposed to pee their pants here." "Well perhaps they think so, but I don't. No way I'm going to wet myself! Look at me, I'm wearing gray pants, and it will show!" 
'Wow, the reason she doesn't want to do it is it'll show...not that she finds it disgusting' I thought to myself. "Now honey, I know you need to go. The car is parked close by and no one can see when you are in the car... And besides, those two did it, so it's not that you are alone here in this..." "Well, it's your car I'll get wet," she said and walked up to Eve and the other woman. When she arrived there she stopped beside Eve and stood still. Everyone knew what was about to happen and we waited in anticipation. Indeed not long after the woman stopped by Eve her pants started to change color. The gray went dark and she was clearly in full flow. Eve and the other woman took her arms at some point and I realised she came while peeing as well. When she was done the three women looked around clearly searching for other woman to join them. They spotted another woman and motioned her to come over to them. The woman shook her head and stepped behind the man she was with. The girls kept motioning her to come to them though and some of the other men started to encourage her to go to the 'stage'. The woman shook her head again but the man she was with gave her a gentle nudge pushing her a bit towards the other women. Again she shook her head, but after some more cheering and a nudge in her back she started to laugh, shook her head in disbelief but walked up to the other women. All of the people started to clap their hands and Eve and the other women praised her for coming. This woman was wearing dark blue jeans and when she got to the other girls she spread her legs as wide as she could and lowered her bum to the ground a bit. Not long after that pee started to fall from her bum, and her legs stayed dry. When she finished she shouted "yeah!" and put her hands above her head in a victory motion. She immediately walked back to her friend. They remained standing and I saw she opened her pants and put her hand inside and started to move it around. She was in my opinion clearly masturbating and she came in a few seconds being held by the man. There were no other women around so we all left. Again I slept over at Eve's place.
The next day was a workday and we went to work from her place. We had a busy day with a big network malfunction that kept me occupied for the biggest part of the time. Eve prioritised the calls that were coming in for me perfectly and I could go home at the normal time with the network up and running perfectly. We hadn't talked about it but Eve wasn't surprised I drove to her place immediately, following her car all the time. "Tomorrow we'll have to drive together" she just said, acknowledging that I would sleep over again. We had dinner and were watching the news when the doorbell rang. Eve answered the door and there was the woman from the park. She asked if she could come in and Eve let her in, but she was surprised. "Hi, I know we don't know each other, but I saw you go in to this apartment complex and I told the doormen I found your wallet. I described you and he told me you lived here. I hope you don't mind me being here." "No, I don't mind, but what can I do for you?" The woman opened her bag and got a pair of pink leggings out. "I can't change at my job, I would have to explain, and this is quite unexplainable. So I hoped I could change here? I love the public peeing. Just love it. It gives me better orgasms than I can give myself... or anyone else ever was able to give me. But the skirt is too inconspicuous, and hiking it up to show your panties is, well I'm afraid I'll get raped one day that way. So I bought a few leggings but I need somewhere to change. Are you alright with that?" 
Eve motioned to the bedroom. "I'll join you there shortly, go change then we can go together. I need to fill up though, need any water yourself?" "No, I have been holding it all afternoon and need to go already. We have to be in the park in half an hour so by then I will be desperate." The woman clearly had understood Eve's explaining the timing to her as the pee–in–the–park–in–your–pants–time. She went to change and Eve joined her, they both came out wearing leggings, Eve a gray pair and the other woman a pink one.
Eve introduced her to me (she had introduced herself to Eve while they were changing) as Linda. We talked for some time and Linda told us she worked across from the park and lived in an apartment that was slightly more then half a mile from ours. Each day when she got off work she went to the toilet, had a coffee with her colleague that had the night watch and then came home. 
At one time she heard two men talking about the woman who wet herself in the park sometime later that evening. For some reason Linda wanted to see that so she waited around for the show. Fortunately it was one of the days that Eve put on a show and Linda went home intrigued about the wetting woman. She waited around in the park for Eve and she had seen Eve three times before Eve noticed her and Linda was starting to get turned on by seeing Eve wet herself. At one point she had come home and started to finger herself to an orgasm thinking about Eve wetting herself. At that point she had to admit to herself that seeing Eve peeing herself was a turn on for her. After a few times Linda came home desperate to pee after waiting a long time for Eve without her coming. She was so horny and desperately wanted to see wetting and decided that then she had to provide her own show. She had stripped to her panties and wet herself, making herself come with her fingers afterwards. Wetting her panties after Eve's show became a regular part of her masturbation routine. Even on her off days Linda went to the park to look for Eve. One day, she had some drinks and was a bit tipsy so she dared to approach Eve. In the back of her head Linda had known that would result in her own public wetting as well and that is why she gave in and spoke to Eve. The past two days Linda had peed herself on her own noticing that men were waiting for Eve to come and so she had given them a show of her own. Yesterday was a surprise for her. The two men that were there with the woman had been watching Eve and her for some time. Apparently they had decided that it must be catching and took their partners. Linda had bought the leggings and took them with her the past two days but didn't have enough time to go home to change and come back in time. Therefore she took the chance of trying to find Eve. 
By this time we had arrived in the park and Eve and Linda left me to go to their stage. I motioned them to wait since I saw a man and a woman coming. When they arrived I saw they were the same as yesterdays first couple. "They are here again!" the man whispered to her and Eve and Linda prepared for their show. More people were arriving and they both waited a bit longer until Linda motioned to Eve that she couldn't wait any longer. Her leggings turned dark immediately after that and she must have started to pee before she warned Eve. As soon as Linda was done Eve emptied her bladder turning her leggings dark as well. When they were both done the woman standing beside me simply stated it was her turn now apparently and walked up to Eve and Linda wearing red tight jeans, pissing in them as soon as she got near to Linda and Eve. Two more women had a man with them, but not the same one as yesterday, he was alone. Both women were pressed into joining by the man they were with but they both refused. There was a lot of encouragement going their way but they kept refusing. Just as the girls wanted to leave, another woman arrived, walking directly to the 'stage'. I recognised her as the last woman from the day before and the man she was with the day before was very surprised to see her. She was wearing a long skirt but as she arrived at the 'stage' she pulled it up completely revealing her jeans. She peed her jeans, massaged her crotch to orgasm and then dropped the skirt hiding her jeans completely. That was too much for one of the two refusing woman and she let herself be pushed to the stage, and with her hands hiding her face in shame and disbelieve she emptied her bladder in her shorts. Her orgasm took her by surprise and the now experienced Linda and Eve made sure she didn't fall in the major pee puddle. Though the last woman kept refusing to pee herself she was pushed to the other woman. She stood by them not wetting but looking surprised at the happy wet woman. Then all of the sudden one more woman arrived. "Let's do it together!" Both woman were wearing skirts and when the last one started to pee the first one gave in and peed her panties as well. None of them showed their panties and walked away quickly.
After that day Linda arrived at our door to change twice a week. On Sunday and Wednesday we went to the park for some wetting show, and the two women who joined in the show the last two times understood the rhythm within two weeks. The first was wetting herself in obvious clothes and walking to her boyfriend's car clearly wet, the other one brought a long coat that came down to her feet. Seeing that I was part of the show she handed her coat to me, revealing flashy clothes each time. I found out the man she was with was her brother and in was a coincidence that she was in the park with him that day. She felt uncomfortable masturbating around him so she usually did it sitting beside me or on the 'stage'. Her brother was always there to watch but looked away discretely when his sister let go. They had the understanding that they both liked it, but ignored the fact that they knew the other liked it or was even there. The show was joined by various women, usually passing by stumbling on the show and either joining in spontaneously or after some persuasion. Sometimes one of the 'regular watchers' brought a woman. These women were usually oblivious to what was going to happen and not prepared for it or for joining in, but Eve and Linda got the hang of persuading woman to join in. 
Occasionally these women came back, prepared. They were wearing tight colored pants that shouted 'I've wet myself,' as soon as they did just that. Most of the time they had long coats as well that I had to safe guard during the pee fun. I guess that these woman knew of the turn on it was for their partners to see a woman wet themselves and they decided to join in occasionally to make their partners happy. And finally there were the regular occasional visitors, as I like to call them. These were women that came by sometimes (getting off work around that time) and then just went with it. If they walked into us they peed, if they didn't they just went home. One time one of these women had gone to the toilet before she went home and as hard as she tried, her bladder was completely empty. Another time this woman came to us with her pants already wet, not realising we were here she had peed her pants just getting into the park since she had to go so badly. 
Of course eventually the cops heard this was happening and they started to check on us. Making sure there was no sex going on (having an orgasm peeing your pants in public is not something they can arrest you for!), no money was paid for watching or joining in and no one was prostituting themselves. At first they were there obviously, later they were more discrete. I talked with a few of the cops and they told us the major was not happy with what was happening in the park but that we were not doing anything illegal so there was nothing to be done about it. The major wanted to forbid crowds in the park at night, but the legal department felt that would only get us to move to an other location and this way there was some control. At first male cops were sent, later also mixed groups of police officers arrived. They were always with four cops. When they found out we were not forcing anyone to participate (women just passing through or women that didn't want to join in were respected. I and two other regulars whose partners wet themselves made sure of that) and no illegal activity was going on they just made sure they were there before we met and sent us away after the woman 'left the stage'. This way they knew nothing bad could happen and we were left to do what we wanted. 
At one point there were four female police officers there and I was talking to one of them. She wanted to know what the big deal was. Why did these women come here twice a week to pee in their pants in public? Why were men coming to watch? I admitted that it was a turn on for both the wetting women and the watching men. She couldn't believe it and I told her there was no other way to understand than to try it sometime. She just smiled and shook her head. 
When the women were all done and they were about to break up she went to the 'stage' and to my surprise and to the surprise of all the men and her colleagues she peed her panties under her skirt then started to send everyone away. The cops motioned for me to wait though and Eve, Linda and I waited for them. They told us it was becoming clear that police support was not necessary since nothing bad was happening. The major had lost interest and frankly there were better things for them to do. Therefore this was supposed to be the last time they came by, but they wanted to know if we would make sure the others left the park afterwards. We agreed and then I asked the one who wet herself if she understood now. It turned out she had derived no sexual pleasure from it but found it a convenient way to empty her bladder with people watching. There had been a shooting incident and after that they had to hurry to get to the park in time and she really had to pee badly. Since she knew she was not going to make it back to the precinct she had to either pee herself or squat or take off her panties. Exposing oneself as an officer in function is not an option so she had already been resigned to wetting herself. So why not do it where it was expected instead of risking being the laughing stock of the police force? Her colleagues agreed with her and two said they regretted not wetting themselves when they could have. We invited them to our apartment to pee, but they had to decline. 
First of all, they weren't allowed to go into other people's houses to pee while on the job and secondly they wouldn't make it. With that one of them started to giggle and we all heard the hissing of pee going into clothes full force. The other colleague that had to pee badly too joined into the wetting and the last one just said she wasn't going to be the only dry one and emptied her bladder as well. They were all glad they were wearing the skirts and not the pants. Eve told them it would have made the experience all the better though, perhaps they might have gotten an orgasm out of it. The cops giggled and said they would perhaps try it one day in private. Linda invited them to come by some time and join them in public peeing, since that was the best.
There is not much more to tell. The four cops came by the next time; all wearing tight and colourful pants and joined in our wetting. Two are regulars; always coming when they were off duty and the others said it just wasn't for them. They come by once or twice a year though because the atmosphere is so special. I bought a big apartment in the apartment complex where Eve lived about two moths after we had our first date and Eve moved in with me. Linda bought Eve's old apartment so she had easier access to the park and she wets herself there daily, but only in obvious clothes when it is wetting day. Eve and Linda had sex when I was called to an emergency on our job on wetting day, they were so randy from the peeing and since I wasn't there to pleasure Eve, Linda took the job. After that she sleeps over sometimes, but we never sleep much than. Eve is bisexual and she has a relationship with one of the cops now. They make a big wet mess of their apartment and love it that way. Wetting day is growing still. More men are watching, and more women are joining. 
Oh, one more thing. One day when we were going to the 'stage' about fifteen students in very wettable clothes stopped us. They had heard that in this park women had been wetting themselves around this time and if we knew where that was? They had heard about this wetting time and were intrigued and wanted to find out why women would go out and wet themselves on purpose. One had suggested there was an easy way to find out, so here they were and they all needed to pee badly. We told them we knew where to go and that we were going there, and the girls said they thought had already had that idea since Eve and Linda were wearing clothes that would show well. We went there and after Eve and Linda started the wetting, the girls one by one wet themselves. A few really didn't like it and we never saw them again. Most thought it was a laugh and they come by every now and than when they feel like it. Most of them have orgasms peeing, they don't think it's worth the trouble of coming twice a week but there are two that come by every time, peeing and having an orgasm with us. I once saw one of these woman in the middle of the city peeing herself 'by accident' and getting off on the humiliation. Later I heard her boyfriend dared her to do it there and if she did he would do all sorts of nice sexual things for her.
That's all there is to tell. My life is WONDERFUL!!!
By: JJ