Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Humiliation, Bondage, Masturbation, Foreplay, and Sex.
Part Two
The polished hardwood floor of the ballroom glistened; the lights from the chandeliers overhead were reflected in the varnish of the wood. Spacious, the room stretched from one end of the old mansion to the other, high ceilings adorned with artwork, sculptures embedded in the royal columns that supported the old roof. A long bar, covered in black velvet formed the right border of the room, in the back, a double doorway led to the hallway of the old mansion. Before the doorway, still in the ballroom, a small antique table with an old lamp on it and a set of ledgers lying on it. Right behind it, parallel, sat another table, this one facing inward towards the ballroom while the other facing outwards. A few ornate chairs were in between. At the far end of the ballroom was a raised platform, almost as wide as the room itself. On one side a string quartet played, the musicians dressed in black, the music soft and elegant. Couples and singles, both young and old talked and drank, most in the center section of the room, which was fairly crowded, and some hung along the edges of the bar, slowly drinking themselves into a stupor as they watched the people milling about. Most everyone who walked through the room noticed her: She was by far the most attractive woman in the room at the moment. Five feet six inches tall, plus the few inches that her black heels added, her long brown hair straight slightly past her shoulders, she walked and people noticed. Some noticed her quiet beauty; she rarely smiled; instead she just floated through time. Others noticed the incredibly sensual outfit she had picked for this evening: a silk button blouse in a light blue, which she daringly wore without a bra, her dark nipples protruding slightly through the clinging fabric, and an extremely short black designer miniskirt with a slit up the left hip, cut to expose all of her leg, even to the edge of her black panties that she wore. Black pantyhose, imported from overseas sheathed her toned, athletic legs, a semi shear fabric that was astonishingly smooth, very thin, with a slightly open weave. When she walked, those on her left side could see the edge line of her black string bikini panties. When she sat in a chair, it was almost impossible for her to sit without displaying her panties to anyone who walked by. Designed in Italy by a friend of hers from the past, the skirt was custom made from imported fabric and extremely short, barely covering her ass as she walked. The blouse perfectly matched, the length meeting the top edge of the skirt perfectly, just the slightest hint of her toned, rock hard abdominal muscles showing. A delicate silver necklace ringed her neck, and a pair of diamond earrings added to the allure. Without any question, even amongst some of the wealthiest people who were attending the event, Kim was dressed in the most expensive clothing possible, and by far in the sexiest. It was fitting, of course; she was being honored by the chain of private schools that employed her as a gymnastics coach for her "coach of the decade" honors; her teams had won the division championship every year but the year past when they had to disqualify because of her star gymnast's wetting accident on the balance beam. That horribly embarrassing mark on her history aside, Kim was deserving of the honor; being respected amongst the entire community and the envy of many school systems, both for her prowess as a coach, but also, quite honestly, she knew, for her stunning looks and the way she often dressed in public. Kim had come a long way from the workout clothing and simple clothes she wore as a coach to the stunning 30 year old woman who strutted across the floor turning heads with every step, her legs so exposed and her breasts uninhibited in her silky smooth blouse with a few too many buttons open. One of the men walked by her and felt a tinge in his pants as he caught a glimpse of exposed breast, her nipple erect and showing from a side view because of the loose cut and open buttons of her blouse. Kim knew she was taking chances with the top and didn't care; secretly she loved being this exposed, and often would try to accidentally expose herself when talking to people just to see their reaction when she caught their eyes glimpsing at her breasts or at her slightly exposed panties along the edge of her slit skirt. Walking towards the bar, she paused to look around, opening her blouse another button for a thrill, and then turned around and ordered another cocktail. Walking away, she saw some fellow teachers from her school and started talking, enjoying the ebb and flow of the party, ignoring the building pressure in her bladder; she hadn't been to the bathroom for two hours and the drinks were slowly filtering through her body. As she walked away from the couple she was talking to, her mind turned to finding a bathroom, feeling the stinging pressure building quickly inside of her, the discomfort of a very full bladder starting to pierce through her alcohol induced feeling. Smiling, feeling sexy, enjoying for the moment the feeling of her bladder filling, stretching and pulsating, she started to head to the bathroom. Looking at the ornate clock on the wall, she saw that she had a half hour before the presentation would begin that would honor her for her "coach of the decade" award, and she didn't want to have to go to the bathroom this badly up on the stage. Walking towards the outer hallway, the principal of her school stopped her. A big man, he blocked her path and began to talk. Kim smiled and knew she was trapped; he liked to talk a lot and she couldn't get around him. Needing to pee very badly, she tried to cut off the conversation, but he kept going, every minute becoming torture as Kim suddenly realized that her need for the bathroom was becoming very much an emergency, the stinging pressure increasing, the drinks and the water she had drank pressing hard, her tummy now bulging. Twenty minutes before her presentation and Kim stood there, trapped, worried how much longer she could hold her pee. Squeezing her thighs together, she held back, holding the pressure back, squeezing her muscles as she tried to move on. Struggling, needing to use the bathroom so badly, she finally got her break when the assistant principal came over and started to talk to the principal. Kim smiled, excused herself and started to walk quickly towards the hallway, her bladder screaming inside of her now. Wiping a bead of sweat from her forehead, Kim couldn't believe how quickly her bladder was torturing her – the alcohol was intensifying the incredible desperation the incredibly sexy and daringly dressed gymnastics coach was feeling. Kim needed to go to the bathroom– very badly. Walking to the tables that were set in the doorway, Kim glanced and saw Molly and Katrina from her squad standing nearby. Molly walked over to start talking to her, and Katrina stood behind her but slightly off to the side. Once again, Kim was trapped, unable to move forward in the crush of people in the room, and needing to use the bathroom quite badly. "Hey Coach, what's up?" Molly smiled cheerfully. The girls were handling the invitations and the desk duty, checking jackets or what ever else needed doing. Molly was dressed in a short white dress, no bra, her smallish breasts poking nicely against the fabric, her hair pulled back, slicked into a bun. "Hi Girls, enjoying yourselves?" Kim asked, twitching a bit as she realized how desperately she needed to go relieve herself from the pulsing punishment of pee that pummelled her swollen bladder. "Yea, this is really nice coach. You look HOT. Wow, like, you're positively gorgeous in that skirt!" Molly said, admiring her coach's incredible body and very exposed outfit. Katrina giggled, realizing that the way Kim stood, slightly off to one side and appearing like she needed to use the bathroom, had made one of Kim's breasts exposed in her open blouse, the nipple showing. "Ha–Ha, uh, coach, you might want to put your boob back in" Molly giggled, pointing to Kim's exposed breast. Kim blushed and giggled and tugged her blouse so her boob fell back in. She still left the button she had opened loose; she was enjoying nearly flashing herself to anyone who walked by. "So, look," Kim mentioned, glancing at the watch, seeing she only had fifteen minutes until the presentation, realizing she absolutely NEEDED to use the bathroom before then, "um, I've got to use the bathroom, Okay, like, before I go up for the presentation, so I'll talk to you girls later, alright?" Kim smiled and tried to walk by Molly, who stood there and giggled. "Oh yea," Molly giggled again, "So, coach, do you have to pee or something?" Kim looked embarrassedly at her gymnast, knowing full well what she had done to some of them the other day, but had to be honest. "Yea, I'm about to burst and I don't want to pee myself right during the presentation, you know?" Molly looked at Katrina and then moved out of the way. "Yea, coach, that would be kinda embarrassing, you're right!" and giggled, obviously enjoying the fact that they had caught their coach desperate to pee for once. Molly turned and looked as Kim started walking very quickly yet very carefully down the hallway to the ladies room; it was quite obvious that Kim needed to pee extremely bad, her desperation was totally obvious to anyone who watched her walk with small quick steps, her legs trying to press together as she started to fight off the surging waves of pressure that were developing in her muscular body.
Kim reached the ladies room and pushed against the door, and in horror, found it locked. "Shit," she exclaimed, trying the door again. It wouldn't budge. Pressing her hands between her legs, she held back the torrent of pee that was torturing her body, and then quickly walked back to the table, where Molly was sitting. Desperate, only seven or eight minutes left before the presentation, she had to ask. "Molly, um, the bathroom is locked. Is there another one nearby? I REALLY need to use the bathroom before the presentation." Molly giggled, enjoying her coach's torment as she stood there and watched Kim's legs quiver and shake slightly. Kim once again discreetly tried to place her hand between her legs as her bladder pulsated violently in her body, her urine demanding immediate release. A bead of sweat formed on Kim's brow, her pulse rapid now as she realized how desperately she needed to go to the bathroom. "Yea, that one's like flooded. Go down the hall and turn left. The other girls just headed down there, so you might see them on the way." Kim smiled and immediately turned around, looking up at the clock. Six minutes to go. Walking quickly, her bladder thrashed within her, her pee so desperate to escape, the pressure so immense that she almost started to involuntarily pee into her stylish black hosiery, but she maintained the squeezing pressure on her pee hole and kept her pee in, absolutely dying to use the bathroom. Walking past the locked bathroom, she scanned each door, hurrying, her body unyielding as she needed to use the bathroom so badly. Finally she saw it and gasped a sigh of relief. Never had the word "Ladies Rest Room" looked so good. One hand placed between her legs, up against her panties, pressing against her pee hole, she used the other hand to shove open the door, her eyes scanning quickly, trying to find the stalls so she could pee before she exploded and urinated into her clothes right there. The bathroom was large, a long set of sinks in front of her, and the stalls a good twenty feet down to her left. Racing along the tiled floor, she looked up in the mirror at herself, her body askew in absolute pee desperation, her bladder screaming in pain. A wooden chair was placed a few feet out from one of the mirrors, a makeup kit open near it. Kim almost tripped over it, her skirt tight against her swollen tummy, the stinging pressure increasing with each step, the toilet so near, her bladder positively screaming inside of her, demanding release, immediately. Kim gasped and then screamed. Chrissy and Taira came out of the handicapped stall directly behind Kim and grabbed her forcefully. Amber helped, and before she knew it, the three girls had forced Kim onto the wooden chair in front of the mirror. "WHAT, what the fuck? WHAT are you HEYYY, NOO. What WHAT??? NOOOOO!!!!!" Kim screamed, fighting with all her might as the three girls restrained her into the chair. Amber and Chrissy held Kim back in the chair firm as Taira took the rope and wound it around Kim's waist and tied it around the chair. Then she took another length of rope and tied Kim's arms to the back of the chair. Kim struggled, her bladder screaming as she tried to escape. Her legs tried to kick, but Taira sat down on them and tied down a rope to Kim's left thigh, and then another to Kim's left calve, tightly, and then Taira sat down on the floor and pushed Kim's right thigh apart, spreading her legs, her black panties clearly visible under the spread super short black slit skirt and tied the right thigh and then right calve to the chair, tightly. Kim struggled and screamed, not believing what was happening! "WHAAATTT FUCK. Let me GO LET ME GO LET ME GOOO!" she screamed, her voice echoing throughout the empty bathroom. Taira stood up and Chrissy and Amber came and stood in front of their coach. "RIGHT NOW, LET ME GO OR YOU'RE IN BIG TROUBLE." Taira smiled. "I don't think so, Coach." Chrissy giggled. Taira then reached down into her bag and produced a small portable DVD player. Placing a gold DVD in it, she opened the screen up and pressed the PLAY button and walked closer to Kim, turning the screen so Kim would see it. Fuzzy static and noises and giggles came from the player as Kim saw a shadowy, dark room that she suddenly realized was her own office. Then Kim saw the video focus on her walking in the door, heading back into the bathroom and coming back out in the little alcove in front of the bathroom wearing only her old gymnastics leotard from when she was eighteen, twelve years ago. Kim froze, knowing what was coming next, and watched a video the girls had taken of her peeing into her old worn leotard right there in front of the mirror as she started to stroke and touch herself, pee streaming from between her legs, flowing out of the leotard, soaking her legs and making a puddle on the floor. Kim turned red, realizing her worst nightmare: the girls had taped her peeing herself, a sexual fetish she had enjoyed in the most secret ways for the past four years, never telling anyone how she secretly lusted after the feeling of peeing into her own clothing and also watching other girls wet themselves in horribly embarrassing pee accidents. Kim also struggled, realizing how incredibly bad she needed to use the bathroom then, her body struggling as she sat there, restrained, in bondage, tied to the chair, desperately needing to go to the bathroom, the clock showing that she had less than thirty seconds to get to the presentation. "Oh my God" was all Kim could say when Taira closed the player.
"So, coach. It's like this. You see, I've got the master copy of my tape back at the house, and I made this to show you. Like these new cameras are really amazing, I mean, just look at how clear the picture was. You standing right there in your office, going to the bathroom into your old gymnastics uniform on purpose! Wow, like you miss when you were a gymnast or something, right? Anyway, that's pretty wild. I wonder what people would say if they knew the "coach of the decade" liked to pee on herself in private? Kim grimaced in embarrassment, hating that she had been caught peeing on herself by the girls.
Chrissy giggled and Amber smiled. Amber fidgeted, needing herself to go to the bathroom extremely badly now, as did Chrissy, both girls having drunk three bottles of water while hiding out in the bathroom waiting for Kim to show up. Taira walked around and poked Kim in the tummy, causing piercing waves of pain through the tied–up, totally desperate, gymnastics coach. Kim's legs were apart, her panties exposed, her blouse still loose, one nipple half poking out on her right side, her body shaking in absolute torment as she struggled both to hold in her desperate urine as well as struggling to try and free herself from the tight ropes that bound her to the wooden chair in the empty bathroom.
"So, coach, I think it's time we made YOU have to go to the bathroom really badly," Taira said as she walked back to her bag, picking up a bottle of water. She handed it to Kim. "Drink this– all of it. Right now." Kim screamed. "NOO. OH GODDDD NOOO. Please, PLEASE, I need to be on the stage like right now. Please NO NO NO, Please don't do this to me. Honest. I'm sorry for what I did to you girls; honest, just please don't make me wet my pants right now! NOT RIGHT NOW!!! I NEED TO GO PEE SO BADLY, PLEASEEEEEEE," she begged, her voice getting hoarse.
"You have to pee pretty bad already, huh," Taira asked. Chrissy giggled and squirmed, her own bladder about to burst, not only from her own desperation but from the excitement of seeing her coach tied up and desperate to pee, so close to a toilet but unable to use it. Amber squirmed badly, her bladder screaming at her. Taira stood there in a black pair of tight slacks that clung to her perfect body, and a tight black top, her blonde hair striking in contrast to everything else being black, even her high heels. Chrissy wore a white blouse, no bra, cut so her toned abs were on display, matched with a short pleated tennis style miniskirt, a powder blue in color, her gorgeous, toned, muscular legs showing. When she walked, the back of the skirt almost didn't cover her butt. From where Kim sat trapped and bound in the chair, she caught a glimpse of light blue string bikini panties that Chrissy wore underneath her skirt, and Kim fantasized about being able to touch Chrissy, to feel her skin, to explore her most personal places. Amber wore a pair of tight low–rise blue jeans and a deep purple blouse. None of the girls were wearing bras and all three girls nipples were completely erect as they watched their gymnastics coach tied up and desperate to pee so very badly it was obvious she was on the verge of losing control.
"OH GOD, PLEASE JUST LET ME PEEE. HONEST. I'LL SIGN YOUR SCHOLARSHIP FORMS, ALL OF YOU" Kim begged. "JUST LET ME GO PEEEEEEEEEE, PLL PL PLEASEEEEE!!!!" she screamed.
Taira smiled and handed her the bottle. "Drink," she commanded. Kim looked up, and realizing she had to do exactly what the three girls said, drank the bottle of water, feeling her bladder swell as her need to urinate increased explosively, every muscle in her 30 year old body screaming as her bladder went into convulsive spasms demanding release while she tightened her pee muscles, holding back the ocean of pee inside of her. Sweat beaded her brow now and Kim was breathing rapidly, moaning and sobbing, as she needed to use the bathroom so incredibly and so horribly badly. Her bound legs twitched with the few inches of leeway that Taira had given her, her black panties taut against her womanhood, exposed, her heartbeat racing as her bladder continued to torture her body.
"Taira, we need to hurry this up, I'm about to pee in my pants!" Amber replied, doubling over, her own bladder screaming inside of her.
"Yea, I'm about to wet on my self too!!!" Chrissy replied, crossing her legs as they stood there and watched Kim struggle in bound desperation.
Taira walked over to Kim, just a few feet away and looked down between Kim's legs. "So, you have to pee really badly, don't you?" "YEEESSsssssss," Kim mumbled, barely making sense as she fought through wave after surging wave of pee pressure and pain. "Well, let's make it worse." She kneeled down and put her hands up against Kim's mound, pressing hard, and then rose her fingers and pressed as hard as she could against Kim's bladder, using her fingers to torture Kim's already struggling bladder." Kim screamed. "NOOOOOO Oh go DDDD OH GODDD NOOO STOP STOP DON'T DO STOP STOP STOP OH GODDDDD NOOOOO!!!!!" Taira pulled her fingers out and stood back. "Well, since you like to pee your pants so much, why don't you just do it right now?" "I CAN'T, I CAN'T, you know I have to go up on stage in 5 minutes, PLEASE just let me go to the bathroom!! PLEASE PLEASE!" Kim screamed in reply.
Taira giggled. "Yes, you do need to go up and get your award, don't you? But I like to see you really have to go, so I think you need to wait."
"NOO. OH GOD, PLEASE NO, DON'T DO THIS TO ME. OH GOD, PLEASE DON'T DO this to me please please don'tdothistomeeeeeeee," Kim wailed loudly, her now hoarse voice rasping as she struggled to keep from peeing into her skirt as she struggled tied to the chair. "PLEASE...." she wailed again.
"Hee–Hee. It's SO cool when you beg! Well, we might let you go, but first, you have to wait a little longer. If you hold it, I'll let you go get your stupid award. But..." Taira paused, smiling, "I know what you REALLY like to see..." Taira smiled and stepped closer, her body in between Kim's spread legs, standing inches away from the tied up coach. Taira breathed deeply and relaxed her bladder, the three bottles of water had made her completely desperate and as she stood there she peed as hard as she could, on purpose, right into her tight black slacks. The pee thrashed through her tight black bikini panties she wore under the slacks and flooded the insides of both of her thighs as she continued to urinate in front of Kim. Taira smiled as she watched Kim's eyes grow wide, obviously Kim was excited by seeing another girl pee in her pants and Taira knew it would make Kim's need to use the bathroom so much more intense. It was torture for Kim; she so badly wanted to touch Taira, to feel the pee as it flooded her slacks; it was her fantasy, to touch another girl while she wet herself, but she was tied up, completely desperate, the sight and excitement of seeing Taira wet herself right there making it so much harder to control her own pee. Kim wanted suddenly to pee into her skirt so badly, but she knew she had to hold it; she MUST make it for the presentation. Her body screamed at her, her bladder throbbing violently as she watched Taira's pee sizzle through the tight black slacks, cascading waves of wetness streaming from between Taira's legs.
Taira finished after peeing for over 45 seconds. Smiling, she stepped back and giggled as she felt the warm pee finish running down her legs, her slacks heavy with wetness, the black fabric soaked but shimmering in the light. Taira stepped out of her own pee puddle and giggled. She loved the pained expression on Kim's face, watching her coach struggle while tied up. Chrissy and Amber giggled, amazed at how daring Taira was to pee in her pants right in front of the coach knowing it would make it harder for Kim to hold it, and then they saw the clock. "HEY," Chrissy said, "We need to let her go so she can get her stupid award." Taira turned around, and looking at Kim smiled. Kim struggled, her bladder on the very edge of exploding beyond her control, and breathed a sigh of relief when the girls started to untie her. "PLEASE JUST PLEASE LET ME USE THE THE UH uh BATHROOM" she begged when she stood up, her legs bent together. Taira giggled. "Um, NO. I think you need to go get your award while you have to pee. Maybe you'll end up wetting yourself on the stage!" Kim froze in fright. SHE NEEDED TO USE THE BATHROOM SO BADLY. "NO NOOOO NOOOO please PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME HOLD IT ANY LONGER I can't CCC cc CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGERRRR!!!" Kim screamed, tears streaming from her eyes in anger.
"Think of this as punishment, coach. You made me pee in my panties in a closet. You made Chrissy pee in her shorts without any panties on while that pervert yearbook photographer took pictures of it happening. You made Amber wet on herself right in front of everyone. Now you're going to experience some desperation. Go get your stupid award. And I truly hope you pee yourself on the stage, because you deserve it."
The girls blocked the path to the stalls and Kim, her eyes wide with fright, stumbled and ran down the hallway, rushing to get to the stage in time for her award presentation, her bladder screaming with every step, her pee hole burning with desire to release, her body shivering and trembling from incredible, searing pain that racked her body. Kim had never had to go pee SO badly in her entire life, and she knew she would have to somehow hold on. SHE HAD TO HOLD ON. But she needed to pee BADLY. She dashed quickly from the bathroom, her body screaming in the ultimate torture of absolute desperation. Taira headed to the shower in the back corner of the bathroom to clean up and change. As she did so, Amber and Chrissy dashed for the stalls and within seconds after they had hurriedly pulled down their clothes, the loud sound of twin streams of hot jetting pee exploded from their desperate bodies as they urinated into the toilet, the splashing and sizzling sound reverberating in the stone bathroom. Once done, the three girls hurried to the ballroom, hoping to see Kim on the stage getting her award, knowing that they had kept her from using the bathroom, denied her from the relief she so desperately needed. They knew she had to be in extreme agony on the stage and on the verge of peeing into her sexy clothing, and they wanted to see it.
Kim ran into the ballroom, the presenters were already assembled on the stage, waiting for her. "Oh God please don't let me pee, Oh God, please let me hold it" she mumbled, walking quickly, her bladder screaming louder with every second. The bottle of water that she had been forced to drink by Taira was stretching her bladder to the extremes, and Kim could barely contain herself. Stumbling up to the stage, she almost started peeing into her panties and hosiery, needing to urinate so badly she could barely see, her vision getting blurry from the stinging intense pain that commanded attention. Reaching the stage, she saw the emcee glance at her sternly for being late. Taking her seat, she sat down, and immediately her bladder screamed at her, the band of her skirt tight against her belly, the pain yet again increasing, her need to pee so extreme she could barely breathe and didn't dare to even move, her legs clenched together in fright, concentrating on doing everything possible to hold her pee in. The presenter began.
"Welcome ladies and gentleman, thanks for coming out tonight for our annual presentation and meeting. Tonight..."
Kim struggled, sitting there, absolutely still, needing to pee. Her short skirt rode up on her legs, exposing almost all of her thigh to the audience. Her blouse was still unbuttoned slightly, and bending over in desperation, her right nipple became exposed, getting gasps from those in the audience, and getting flashes from the newspaper photographers there. Agonized over her screaming bladder, she never realized half of her breast was exposed to the audience; she could only concentrate on holding back her bodies most extreme urges as her bladder SCREAMED inside of her, the surging, stinging, high pressure pain torturing the coach, her legs trembling, her heart racing, sweat forming on her brow as she struggled to keep from peeing right there into the chair, wanting SO BADLY to use the bathroom, NEEDING TO PEE so BADLY. She tried to listen to the presenter for her cue, dreading the moment she had to speak, dreading the feeling she knew she'd have from her tortured bladder when she stood, knowing full well how she might not be able to hold in her pee while standing and talking.
"Tonight we gather to give a rather special award, to our coach of the decade, from our own high school here, someone who has won nine out of the last ten gymnastics championships in our division..."
Kim trembled, the surging pee pressure worse, her body violently going into a spasm, as she suddenly needed to use the bathroom much worse than even a few moments ago. Fright came over her eyes, the pain surging beyond anything the 30 year old had ever experienced, her bladder tensed, taut, tormented from the water she had been forced to drink and also the alcohol and drinks consumed at the party. Squeezing her legs together, she felt a huge surge of pee pressure overtake her, and her dark hair beginning to get damp with sweat, she shook her legs and tapped her feet, staving off the incredible need to use the ladies room, holding back once again the huge ocean of pee inside of her.
"So would you please welcome our coach, Kim..."
Kim froze as she heard her name. Just as she stood up, an incredible wave of pressure overtook her completely tortured body. As she rose from her chair, her bladder violently throbbed. Trying to hold her pee back as she straightened her knees, Kim lost control for a brief moment, and exactly as she stood straight out of her chair and before she had taken the first step, a one second burst of hot pee escaped her clenched pee hole, and Kim froze in fright as she felt the hot wetness spread through her panties and as she felt the wetness form on her black hosiery. As she stood there, she was unaware that her breast was still exposed, her skirt hiked up, the side of her panties visible on the slit side, and from the first row in the audience, people who looked closely could see up her skirt, and if they were attentive, they could see the wet dampness from where Kim had momentarily started to pee into her pantyhose, barely able to stem the impending flood that lay inside of her.
Struggling, Kim walked gingerly to the microphone stand, her body now exposed. She HAD to hold on. Looking down, she caught her exposed breast and adjusted her blouse, smiling. The fact that she had been sitting there, nipple exposed, didn't bother her since she had to pee so badly, and she put all of her effort to try and not let any more pee out as she started to speak.
"Thank you, Thank you. I just wanted to say..."
Kim paused; another wave of pressure overtook her, and unable to control herself, she started to shake violently, her legs trembling and her black heels tapping the stage, her bladder again going into a spasm.
"Um. I just wanted to say"
The spasm reached a crescendo of pressure, the stinging pain so intense that Kim couldn't concentrate. Her pee hole clenched with all her might, her bladder was unrelenting.
"I wanted to say how much I appreciate this honor."
At thirty years old, in front of a ballroom full of people, up on stage in full view, her skirt so short the front rows could see her panties underneath, Kim started to pee into her clothing. The surge reached deeper than before, and as she tried to speak, she could not hold it back, and for five seconds, her pee hole opened and Kim went violently into her panties and black hose, the hot wetness quickly flooding her panties and the crotch of her hosiery, the wetness streaming down her right inner thigh.
"I uh, I wanted to say I appreciate this honor and wanted to, um, thank"
She tried to hold back. Somehow she did, her bladder still pulsing violently, Kim shut the flow of her pee and clenched her muscles tight. As she did so, she felt the wetness spread down her legs, the black hosiery now glistening where the pee had spread.
"um, Thank you all for coming out tonight. I really..."
Another surge. Kim started to tremble and her heart raced. Her bladder violently throbbed again, the pain too great, and she started to feel faint, her breathing rapid.
"really uh. I'm sorry. I wanted to..."
Another wave of pressure– as she stood there, her left leg was straight but her right knee was bent, her leg awkward, obviously in the position of someone who needed to use the bathroom so badly but had been denied. Her right heel was slightly askew, the shoe off the ground slightly, she was slightly off balance, trying to hold on, trying to keep from wetting into her black pantyhose any further.
"Really wanted to say how much of an honor it is to win this, especially since it's the first time anyone has won this award over a decade."
The pressure grew, even worse. Kim tapped her feet. People in the audience standing and folks in the chairs gasped as they suddenly realized that their coach of the decade had to obviously use the bathroom so badly that she was desperate and having trouble completing her acceptance speech.
"If it wasn't for the hard work..."
Kim paused, the searing pain doubled, and she almost passed out from the pain.
"for the hard work of our gymnasts–"
The pain tripled, and Kim felt her bladder throb, as her pee hole could no longer hold back the surging ocean inside. A slight trickle escaped her urethra despite her best efforts. Her legs slightly apart and still slightly bent, she felt the warm wetness flow slowly down her hosiery as she slowly began to wet herself, in absolute horror hoping nobody in the ballroom or in the chairs would realize she was starting to have a major accident right there on the stage.
"That our gymnasts have put in. It's really a testament to their hard work Oh noo. NOO. Oh God NOOOOOO" Kim wailed as her body exploded. Standing there, she started crying and pee exploded out of her pee hole as her bladder went into one last, violent, explosive contraction. Hot screaming sizzling pee jetted from between her lips, spraying and flooding her black hosiery, sheet after sheet of pee flowing down her thighs, streams jetting from between her legs, jetting both against her skin and directly down onto the floor.
"Oh God I'm sorry. NOOO Oh God, please forgive me Oh Oh Oh Oh God please NOOOOOO"
Kim dropped the microphone, missing the stand, and stood there in shock, frozen, as the evenings worth of urine stored in her bladder violently exploded from her tortured body. Both thighs were soaked now, and pee continued to thrash the sizzle as it hissed in flooding waves out of her pee hole, rivers of hot urine flooding her clothing, streaming down her taut, toned legs, running down her thighs uncontrolled, soaking her black heels, a huge puddle forming between her legs.
The audience gasped, amazed that they were witnessing such a horrendous, embarrassing public pee accident, watching Kim, dressed in the sexiest outfit of the crowd, wetting herself uncontrollably into her skirt and hose in front of everyone, her face red, humiliated with shame.
Frozen, Kim went into her clothing for seventy seconds, peeing violently until the very end, and then stumbled off the stage and ran through the crowd, pee still dropping from her skirt and legs as she ran, a puddle leading behind her. Tears streaming from her face, Kim ran until she was in the hallway outside the ballroom. Not knowing what to do or where to go, having used a Taxi to drive her there, she went outside, hoping to catch a taxi to take her home so she could escape the incredible humiliation that she had just experienced. Standing outside, the cool air chilling her pee–soaked legs, she looked around. There were no taxicabs. Standing there, her nipples hard and erect from the cool night air, Kim looked frantically around, aware of the people talking amongst themselves about the coach of the decade who had just peed into her clothes in front of the auditorium full of people. A tap on her left shoulder and Kim jumped back. Taira stood there, smiling, having changed from her pee soaked black slacks into a pair of thin, imported fabric white slacks and a white blouse, her white panties clearly showing through both the front and back of her slacks, the fabric being so thin. Taira's nipples poked through the thin blouse, and even in her mortal shame, Kim quickly grew aroused, excited at her gymnasts sensual appearance in the night air, even though fully realizing it was Taira that had ultimately caused her to urinate into her skirt and hosiery there in front of the public who had come to see her accept the award. Chrissy appeared by Taira's side, and then came Amber. The three girls smiled. Chrissy looked down at Kim's soaked legs and giggled, enjoying that the coach that had made her pee into her leotard in the hallway just days ago had been made to pee in her skirt right in public for all to see. Revenge never felt better, she thought, giggling once again at Kim's soaked clothes from her mortifying accident. Amber was more silent, enjoying the night and loving how desperate they had made their coach, relishing in knowing how badly Kim must have needed to pee after the three girls had denied their coach the use of the bathroom when she so needed it most.
"Come with us, you don't have a ride home. We'll take you," Taira said, smiling. Kim looked around, but had no choice. Humiliated, ashamed, beaten, she silently followed the three girls who had tormented her into Tairas car. Taira got in, and then Chrissy and Amber went into the back seat, forcing Kim to sit between them. The fit was tight.
"Why isn't one of you sitting in the front with Taira?" Kim asked, not comfortable being in such a tight arrangement. Taira giggled, then answered. "Because we're taking you somewhere." Kim, the effects of the alcohol she had consumed that evening still fogging her mind sat back, not answering. Taira giggled again, and then the car pulled out of the parking lot and headed to the highway. As soon as they were on the highway, Taira giggled again, and reached over into the passenger seat, pulled out a large bottle of water, and handed it back to Amber. Kim looked at Amber to her right in fright. "Well, coach, it's like this. We're not done with you just yet. So unless you want the world to see that little tape I made, you're going to do exactly what we tell you to do. And I think we're going to start by making you drink that bottle of water." Amber giggled and Chrissy smiled, all three of the girls loved the chance to turn the tables on their coach, and they were relishing the fact that they were about to make their coach extremely desperate once again. "Nnn NOOOO" Kim screamed as Amber unscrewed the bottle. "NOooo. Please. Come on. Please please don't do this. Isn't this enough?? I fucking peed in my skirt in front of the whole town, isn't that enough?" Kim screamed.
Taira looked in the rear view mirror and saw Amber and Chrissy restrain Kim by suddenly tying her arms to the child restraint connections on the rear seat. Kim tried to resist but was too tightly wedged in between the two strong girls to move. Amber put the water up to Kim's lips and made Kim drink it. Choking, gasping for air, Kim tried to keep swallowing the water as Amber tipped the entire bottle up, until Kim had finished the bottle. "Good girl," Amber said, laughing. Kim strained and started fighting again. "I am not going to pee in my skirt for you girls again, so LET ME OUT OF THE CAR NOW." Taira smiled. "I don't think so, Kim. We're going to drive around a little while, and when you finally have to go to the bathroom really badly, we'll decide what we want to do with you. I mean– that's what you made us do that day in the gym, isn't it? Making me pee in my panties in the closet wasn't very fun, and I don't think this is going to be very fun for you!" "Yea, bitch," Chrissy said, "You made me fucking pee in my shorts without any underwear so now every jerk in high school is probably looking at pictures on the internet or something, so I hope this really sucks for you. I want to see you pee in everything you have, just for revenge. I'm so fucking glad I'm done with high school because I'm going to college whether you want to or not and you're not coaching where I'm going, so like, fuck you, huh." Amber looked over at Chrissy, who was violently mad and obviously enjoying the revenge taking place on Kim, who after fifteen minutes of driving was quickly needing to urinate very badly, but tied in the back of the car with two of her gymnasts holding her in.
Taira kept driving. Minute by minute, Kim's already desperate bladder was growing increasingly stretched, and by the time Taira had driven aimlessly around the city for a half an hour, Kim was needing to use the bathroom so badly she could barely keep still. Sitting in the back seat, her body was twitching, her legs tight together, her feet tapping against the carpet of the floor. Surely they would let her go pee SOMEWHERE. But where, that was the question – it was dark outside and nothing seemed open.
More minutes passed by. Finally, Taira parked the car in the empty parking lot of an office complex. She turned around in her seat. "So, coach, how bad do you have to go to the bathroom right now? You're shaking pretty badly." Kim had to pee so incredibly bad that she was about to pee in her skirt right there, but she decided that she would not let the girls know how bad she truly had to go. "I'm okay," she lied. "Well, good. In that case, Amber, why don't you give her another bottle of water to drink." Kim screamed. "NOOOOO. Okay, okay, I lied; I really need to go pee. PLEASE don't, please Oh God, don't make me drink any more water!!! Noo please nooo!" Amber put the water back in her bag and then reached over to Kim's right knee. Chrissy reached over to Kim's left knee. Taira commanded "Open your legs, now." Kim tried not to, but the two girls shoved Kim's legs apart, revealing Kim's panties, visible in the dim interior light up her black skirt. "Pee in your skirt, right now," Taira commanded, giggling. "FUCK YOU," Kim replied. "Okay, Girls...." Amber reached and shoved her hand hard against Kim's tummy and Kim screamed loudly. The incredible pain tortured Kim's completely desperate body, her pee screaming inside of her, dying to escape her already humiliated body. Amber pushed hard again, lower, right against Kim's bladder. "NOOOOOOO Oh God NOOOOO" Kim screamed, violently reacting to the incredible stinging pain when Amber shoved her in the right place. "Wet your pants, Coach, right now," Taira repeated, staring directly up Kim's skirt, waiting for the flood. "No please Oh God, no. Look, I'm sorry I did that stuff to you. You don't understand..." Kim wailed, begging now, no longer aggressive. "Amber, why don't you push a little harder this time" Taira said. Amber, smiling, took both hands and shoved as hard as she could into Kim's bladder. Kim's body tensed but the intense, fierce pain was too much and as she screamed a blood curdling loud scream, Kim began to violently pee into her panties, the sizzling stream of pee no longer able to be contained in her tortured bladder, not with Amber pushing on her tummy so hard. The hissing, sizzling jet of hot urine exploded from the 30 year olds nearly perfect body, the hissing sound loud in the quiet of the car interior. Taira smiled as she watched the flood appear between Kim's legs, the pee spreading instantly through her panties, the huge flood of pee on the car seat, on Kim's skirt, and the streaming rivers of pee that poured off the edge of the back seat as Kim uncontrollably wet her clothes for the second time that evening. Chrissy and Amber giggled as they bent their heads down to watch Kim pee into her skirt as they held her there. Kim tried to squirm but with her hands and arms tied back to the seat, she was unable to move. Her head lay back and she started crying uncontrollably in utter agony as she continued to urinate into her clothing while the three girls giggled and laughed uncontrollably, obviously enjoying the experience of making Kim wet her clothes once again that night. Taira reached between the seats and rubbed her hand up Kim's soaking wet thigh, Kim's pantyhose soaking wet, and she reached up and touched Kim's soaking panties, causing Kim to gasp. They knew now, of course, that Kim was a lesbian and it was obvious as Kim gasped again when Taira probed into Kim's most personal places, her fingers probing against the pee soaked panties of their humiliated coach. As Kim finally stopped peeing, her bladder temporarily empty, Taira smiled. "Let's go and drop her off and have some more fun." The girls giggled as Kim sat there; her butt getting cold as she sat in her own pee puddle and wondered what they were talking about.
Twenty minutes later, the girls pulled up to Kim's house in a quiet neighborhood not far from the school. Taira opened the door for the girls and they untied Kim, but before Kim could resist, Taira took a pair of handcuffs out of her bag and cuffed Kim's hands together. Kim screamed, but Amber put her hand over her mouth and muffled the scream before it could awake the neighbors. The three girls led Kim into her own house, and Taira walked over to the doorway by the kitchen closet, opened it, and the three girls led Kim down into her own basement. Kim panicked, knowing full well what they would find down there. Amber and Chrissy were amazed too when they walked into the main room of the basement. "OH GOD" Amber replied. "Holy SHIT" Chrissy exclaimed. Taira smiled. "I've done my homework, I told you I would," she said. "Wow, like how did you find out about this?" Chrissy asked. "I house–sat for her when I first came here, and found the hidden key to the door. She never knew that I had been down there, but I've always known she had this stuff." Laid out in the room were a set of wrought iron circles mounted in the concrete wall and a set of light chains, obviously used to tie people up. An examination table stood in the middle of the room, restraining straps and hardware neatly arranged on the surface. Hung directly from the ceiling, drilled into a large crossbeam, were a pair of heavy metal rings, about three or four feet apart. Directly underneath, on the floor, were matching rings. The top hooks had chains hanging from them with a set of handcuffs attached, and the bottom rings had a set of ankle cuffs attached. A simple desk drawer contained a small refrigerator on one side, and a fishing tackle box filled with clamps, needles, and other small tools in various trays. A brand new high definition Sony video camera, the very latest that the professionals used, stood on a tripod, with another one, matching, stood in the corner, aiming towards the first one. A set of lights stood in the corner. There was no bathroom. Chrissy first noticed that face. "Hey, uh, Taira, like this is pretty wild, but can I run upstairs and go pee, I'm like dying here." "Yea, me too," Amber said. Taira giggled. "Yea, I have to pee like crazy too. Let's tie her up first, and then we can go pee and come back down and have some fun. Unless one of you wants to pee in front of her– you know how that drives her crazy!" Chrissy shook her head. "No way. I've wet my pants enough in front of this bitch. You can though, that was pretty cool watching coach squirm while you peed your pants in front of her. But I can't." Chrissy shook her head. Amber smiled. "I think I might. If I can hold it long enough. I want coach to have to go bad again too before I do it though." Chrissy looked over in amazement. "Are you serious? You're gonna do it??" "Yea, why not. I just think it would be cool to see coach tied up, while we make her drink more water, and make her watch me pee into my pants right in front of her cause you know like she's dying to do it with another girl and she won't get the chance. It would be so cool to torture her like that!" "Oh my GOD, that is SO mean. Okay, let's do it. I'll hold it in. Maybe she'll get excited seeing me squirm too, because I seriously need to use the bathroom like super bad too!" Chrissy squirmed as she finished her sentence, her bladder dying inside. Kim looked over, fantasizing over Chrissy, wishing she could watch her wet herself once again, just like in the office, but she knew this time things were going to be different. "Yea, Chrissy, you like KNOW she likes seeing you desperate," Amber giggled as Chrissy blushed. "You should like drink some water and start moaning like you really need to go just to tease her. Coach might pee her pants just watching you squirm!." Chrissy giggled, and then reached into her purse and took out a bottle of water. "See, Coach, I need to pee SOOOO bad right now I'm about to bust, but I'm gonna have some water too. Just think of how bad I have to go." Kim squirmed as she listened to Chrissy tease her, her body tense. She looked around, her nipples quickly growing erect as she listened to Amber and Chrissy talk about how badly they needed to use the bathroom, and especially Amber. Kim secretly fantasized about touching Amber while she wet herself, and couldn't believe she was going to do it in front of her. If only they would just let her do her thing and respond instead of what they had in mind. If only...
Taira smiled. "Ok, Kim, here's the deal. We all have to pee like crazy bad, so you are going to be tied up– to this wall here. So let's just slide you over here. Oh yea, girls, strip her down." Kim's eyes grew wide. Chrissy came over and removed Kim's soaked pantyhose, soaked panties, and skirt, leaving her naked, her black pubic hair exposed, just in her blouse, which Amber came over and unbuttoned, leaving Kim's breasts exposed, her erect nipples in full view. Taira looked around, and then found a pair of clean panties in the laundry room and came over. "Let's make her pee in these!" She held up a pair of light silver nylon panties, a very thin and slightly translucent material. "OH yes that would be cool. We need to film this too!" Amber said, turning the camera on. Within seconds, Kim was attached to the rings in the concrete wall, wearing only her top, open with her breasts exposed, and a pair of tight fitting panties that clearly outlined her pubic region. The thin fabric couldn't hold back her pubic hair, and strands of her dark brown hair poked through the fabric. She struggled as the girls went to the table, opened the refrigerator, and brought out two bottles of water. "NOO, what, WHAT are you doing??" she weakly replied, knowing of course there was no way she would escape. It was too late. The girls had discovered her secret dungeon that she had just recently started, and it was going to be her that was tied up. Chrissy came over, walking funny because she needed to pee so badly, and put the water to Kim's mouth. Kim knew she had to drink it, and did as she was commanded. The power of the three girls over their coach was incredible now. Kim knew she had been beaten and had no escape. She could not let Taira show anyone that tape of her peeing and masturbating in the office of she would lose her job and never coach again. She knew she HAD to obey the girls and had no choice. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she finished the water. Already her bladder was sending signals from everything she had drank earlier.
Tied up against the hard, rough concrete wall, Kim needed to once again urgently use the bathroom. She knew the girls would not likely give her the chance.
"Oh God, hurry up, I'm DYING to pee," Chrissy said, giggling, holding herself as she stood there. "So, Amber, are you going to pee for her?" Taira asked. Amber giggled. Walking over to Kim, she looked at her. She stood really close, and then slowly pulled her clothes off. "Oh my GOD, Amber, you're crazy. That's probably like her fantasy seeing you like that!" Chrissy exclaimed. Amber stood in front of Kim in only her light blue mesh bikini panties, her breasts and everything else naked, her bladder screaming, and watched Kim struggle against the chains, obviously getting extremely desperate herself. Kim's eyes could not leave the gorgeous dark haired girl – she stared intently at Amber's panties, waiting, hoping, relishing the first signs of a wet spot. Surely Amber would wet herself in front of her to tease her. Kim almost didn't care. She so wanted to see Amber pee into her panties that she was about to burst into her own underwear in excitement. "Hang On, Amber," Taira called out, "Let's tape this." Amber giggled. "Cool, I want to see her squirm while I pee in front of her. But hurry, I'm about to bust!!" Amber was pacing back and forth now, her own bladder on the very edge. Chrissy was even more desperate, pacing rapidly, but not wanting to take a bathroom break and miss any of the excitement as they were about to torture their coach with humiliation by taping her again.
The cameras were started, and Taira moved the lights and turned them on. "Okay, I think we're ready..." Amber giggled, still pacing rapidly in front of Kim as she stood there. "Okay, Coach, we just want to know how bad you need to pee right now" Taira giggled. "Oh God, please don't tape this..." Kim begged softly, crying uncontrollably as she realized how much power the girls were going to have now. "I didn't hear your answer, Coach," Taira commanded again. She crossed her legs; Taira too desperately needed to use the bathroom very badly. Kim looked at her; in that position, Taira's obvious white panties formed a perfect panty line against her thin white slacks and Kim secretly wished she could see Taira pee in her pants too. "I need to go pee," Kim said. "Louder, coach," Taira commanded, giggling. Chrissy was really pacing, on the verge of peeing into her clothes as she struggled to contain her bladder while she watched the desperation of the coach that had humiliated her days earlier. "Okay, Amber, are you ready?" "Yea, HURRY, I need to PEE SO BADD" Amber yelled in reply. "Good. Let's do it then."
Chrissy almost exploded into her own panties right there, knowing Amber was going to start peeing into her panties in front of Kim and then that Kim was going to start peeing herself while they taped her. With the tape of Kim peeing into her panties while being tied up and with the tape Taira had made of the scene at the office, Chrissy knew that they would make Kim sign the scholarship forms and probably even get back the pictures of Chrissy exposed on the balance beam that the yearbook photographer had taken. She moved over to see, curious if Amber would really go through with it or not. She couldn't believe Amber was going to wet herself on purpose in front of the coach just to excite her. But she had seen the clamps and needles over on the table in the plastic box, so she kind of guessed that they were going to do a lot more to Kim than just make her pee in her panties on video.
"Alright, Amber. Let's count it down," Taira replied, standing out of the range of the camera so it could have a clear view of Amber and Kim, standing just inches apart. Kim stared, at Amber's panties, and thought she detected the slightest wet spot. Kim's mound was engorged, excited from the sight of Amber half naked and also excited from being so horribly desperate to pee but restrained to the wall in chains, unable to escape to the bathroom. The countdown began slowly as Taira tried to tease Kim even more.
"5" – Kim's eyes grew wide in excitement, her knees quivered.
"4" – Amber's heart raced as she felt her bladder surge violently, pressure increasing.
"3" – Amber squirmed, and a small jet of pee leaked into her blue panties, causing a small wet spot. She giggled, looking forward to peeing herself simply to relieve the pressure and knowing how much agony it would cause Kim.
"2" – Kim's heart raced– she knew what was coming next.
"1" – Amber took a deep breath. It was the time she had been waiting for. Looking into Kim's eyes directly, she smiled, took another deep breath, and then relaxed. Spinning around, her and Taira grabbed Chrissy by surprise, and immediately slapped handcuffs onto the surprised gymnast, and within seconds, as she stood there screaming, trying to resist, Taira and Amber had connected Chrissy to the overhead rings, restrained, unable to fight back. "NOOOO" she screamed, her legs flailing. "What the fuck noooooo!" she screamed loudly. Amber reached over and disconnected Kim from the rings and the two girls plus their coach removed Chrissy's clothing, stripping off her pleated skirt, exposing her blue string bikini panties, then ripped off her shirt, leavin her breasts exposed, and then quickly slapped ankle cuffs onto her ankles and connected them to the two rings dug into the basement floor. Within a minute of the countdown, Chrissy had been taken by surprise, and screaming, thrashing, in ultimate desperation from a full bladder and about to explode herself, was restrained in bondage in the middle of the room. The two video cameras were now aimed at the violently angry gymnast who was nearly having a seizure as she tried to free herself unsuccessfully from the chained restraints. "What are you doing?" she screamed, still thrashing, the metal chains banging as she tried to escape, her eyes wide with fright, her heart racing, not comprehending the sudden change in plans. "Well, Chrissy," Kim replied, standing there in only her panties, Amber joining her, "It's like this...." Taira laughed as she walked over to the tackle box. She came back with a pair of small sharp needles that looked like larger versions of acupuncture needles, and a pair of small spring clamps. Standing in front of Chrissy, she calmly showed her the needles and clamps. Chrissy screamed. "No Noo NOOOOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOOO." A burst of pee exploded out of her panties as she froze in absolute terror before she could hold it back, the hot jet of pee spraying against her right inner thigh. "Yea, Chrissy. It's like this," Taira continued what Kim had started. "Ever since I came to this school, it's always been all about you. It's like every other gymnast here isn't good enough, like you're the only one who can do the balance beam or something. So we let you have your way and you fucking lose the match for us because you pee in your leotard and you're too stupid to even remember your trunks. So this is all about revenge." Kim giggled, then added "Yea, and since I'm sure you're wondering, Taira and I have been dating for the past six months, ever since she joined the team. She's pretty awesome, you know." Taira put her arms around Kim and hugged her. Amber smiled "And yea, I guess you should know that they kinda talked to me about some things and I've been in on this too. Sometimes it's cool to have a little three way action you know, and they've really showed me some things." Chrissy looked around, not believing what she was hearing. Her two friends on the team, Taira and Amber, were both lesbian? How could this be? And Taira, always so shy and quiet in practice, she couldn't believe she was sleeping with the coach! "Yea," Taira continued. "And ever since you wet yourself, Kim and I started thinking that would be something sexy to do. I never thought going to the bathroom on myself was going to be so sexy, but we pee on each other or in our clothes like ALL the time."
Chrissy's mouth dropped open, stunned. Amber giggled. "Yea, and I guess I need to be honest with you too, Chrissy. I really want you. Like really badly. And I really want to make you pee in your pants, just like when you did it during the match..." Chrissy cried out, not believing her friend was secretly fantasizing over her body, and even worse, dreaming about making her wet herself!
Taira smiled and continued her speech.
"And like, this whole night, yea, like it was all planned. Kim's been wanting me to make her pee in her sexy skirt in public, like a big fantasy, and I dared her to let us do this to her. We've planned this for a month now. And we've been fantasizing about tying you up and making you wet yourself right here. Again..." Chrissy screamed again. "No, OH GOD, you're fucking sick. Please please Oh God please just let me go I promise. Oh God, I promise I won't tell anyone."
Taira smiled. Walking closer, looking at Chrissy, who know was squirming in the chains, her pee about to explode from her again, Taira took the nipple clamps and placed one on both of Chrissy's breasts, extending the nipple firmly. Chrissy screamed from the pressure, tears rushing to her eye. Taira smiled, and then took one of the thin needles and quickly inserted it through Chrissy's extended nipple, piercing it. "NOOOOOOOOO– OOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW" Chrissy screamed violently in intense pain, her body twisting with the extreme pain from her nipple being pierced by Taira. Tears shot out from her eyes in pain and instantly, her bladder exploded. As she thrashed, pee exploded from her panties and streamed down he legs in violent, surging waterfalls, all of the urine from the past hours exploding from her as she thrashed in a combination of pain and humiliation. Taira reached for the needle and twisted it again, causing Chrissy to scream again. "NOO Oh God GODDDDD NOOOOOO Ssssssttopppppppppppp please Oh GOD IT HURTS PLEASE PLEASE OH GODDDDD NOOOOO OWWWWWWWW." Taira smiled. Amber walked up to Chrissy and kissed her on the cheek; Chrissy turned away. "No, NOOOO, DON'T DO THIS TO ME" she cried out. Amber took the other needle from Taira and teased Chrissy with it, touching the point of it along Chrissy's other nipple, watching Chrissy's eyes track every move, in absolute and total fear. "So, Chrissy, are you going to let me have you tonight?" Amber smiled, pricking Chrissy's nipple with the needle. Tears streamed from her eyes in pain as Chrissy shook, trying to back off from Amber's approach. "NOOO" she screamed. Amber smiled, and quickly pierced Chrissy's other nipple. Chrissy screamed again, the pain so intense she almost blacked out. "NOOOOOOO. PLEASE STOP STOP STOP STOP OH GOD JUST STOPpp." Pee again exploded from her bladder, the last streams violently surging out as the tortured, bound, desperate senior gymnast finished wetting her panties in front of the girls, her body thrashing and screaming as she did so. As she finished peeing, Taira and Amber removed the needles and took off the nipple clamps and looked at Chrissy. Chrissy was breathing hard, and sobbing, and with a last dribble of hot pee running down her bare legs, she finished peeing into her pants. She no longer had the energy to thrash and shake and stood there, tears pouring from her eyes as a large pee puddle lay beneath her crotch on the basement floor. Pee wetness shone on her legs as she stood there, her pubic mound clearly visible through the taut fabric of her wet panties.
Amber, now totally desperate and completely ready to burst, walked over to Chrissy. Kim smiled, and brought over a small step stool. Amber climbed up on it, her panties now above Chrissy's panty line, and Amber giggled and relaxed her bladder. Streams and jets of hot pee exploded from Amber and after the first seconds of delight of feeling the hot pee burst through her clinging tight panties, Amber pulled her panties aside and directed her pee stream directly onto Chrissy's tummy. Taira giggled and pulled Chrissy's panties down from the top, exposing the top of her pubic hair and Amber finished peeing by spraying jet after jet of hot pee down and into Chrissy's panties, soaking the gymnasts pubic bush. Chrissy tried to turn away, disgusted by the fact one of her friends was actually peeing into her underwear and all over her. After 40 seconds of violent urination all over Chrissy, Amber stopped and Kim walked over. Kim stood on the stool and Taira lowered Chrissy's panties even further, now exposing Chrissy's vulva. Kim bent a bit, and then violently wet into her panties for a few seconds, the silver fabric quickly becoming transparent where the wet spot spread, and after the hot pee had started to run down her legs, she too pulled her panties aside and after a few tries, adjusted herself to where she was peeing as hard as she could onto Chrissy's exposed mound, Kim's pee rushing through Chrissy's pubic hair, the hot wetness streaming over Chrissy's most personal and private parts. Chrissy involuntarily started to moan as the sexual excitement became too much. Against her own will, Chrissy began to shake and as Kim finished peeing after a long sixty–second stream, Amber came over and started to probe Chrissy's now naked mound with her fingers, stroking up and down, twirling the wet pubic hair in her fingers, arousing Chrissy quickly. Amber then probed and inserted her fingers and within minutes brought Chrissy to a violent orgasm as she stood there, shackled to the ceiling and floor in chains, her body twisting and writhing in a most intense combination of humiliation and sexual pleasure. Kim watched, drinking a bottle of water, also amazed at how she needed to use the bathroom again even though it had just been ten minutes since she had urinated onto Chrissy. Kim smiled as she watched Amber continue to sexually pleasure Chrissy, watching as Chrissy twisted and moaned, her body thrashing, as Amber skilfully brought Chrissy to another orgasm. Needing to use the bathroom suddenly again, Chrissy started peeing violently over Amber's fingers while she probed Chrissy deeply and firmly. Amber smiled and as Chrissy peed over her fingers, she probed further, deeper, and soon Chrissy exploded a third time in an explosive climax as her body shook with pleasure. As they watched Amber bring Chrissy to a third and final orgasm, Taira and Kim hugged tightly and began to kiss gently, slowly becoming more forceful with their tongues with each ticking minute of the clock. After another ten minutes, Amber had to urinate again and emptied her bladder into her panties again over Chrissy's thighs, and Chrissy, exhausted from the ordeal, tried to twist away but couldn't, her thoughts confused as she stood there bound to the rings, feeling immense pleasure from the experience but also immense shame. Taira paused from making out with Kim to look over, giggling as she saw Amber peeing on Chrissy again, enjoying the tears that suddenly came pouring from Chrissy's eyes. Taira was amazingly aroused now, and she smiled at Kim. Kim turned to face Taira and then glanced over at Amber, who was furiously masturbating by probing herself through her wet panties while Chrissy sobbed in humiliation and agony, her body finally at a dead rest hanging from the rings attached to the ceiling. "Please, I need to go to the bathroom again," Chrissy moaned, her voice strained with exertion. None of the other girls bothered to move as Chrissy twisted slightly, her need to urinate again becoming severe.
Kim and Taira stared at one another. Giggling, Taira urinated into her white slacks, the thin imported fabric quickly dampening with hot streaming torrents of pee as Taira completely wet herself in front of her lover, the pee making her white slacks completely see through, her thighs glistening wet under the now soaked, clinging fabric. Kim embraced her and the two girls started kissing passionately as Kim started to remove Taira's pants, soon leaving her only in her soaked white panties, Taira's pubic mound now on display, protruding against the tight wet panties she had worn. Kim, needing desperately to pee again, emptied the rest of her bladder onto Taira's mound, completely soaking Taira's white panties, streams of pee gashing from Kim's pee hole on to and through Taira's tangled pubic hair, the hot wetness exciting Taira as she gasped loudly in pleasure, and the two quickly collapsed onto the ground as they brought each other to mutual, explosive orgasms in a frenzy of wet sex.
Amber brought herself to climax and then went to Chrissy and started touching her again, forcing her hands against the desperate girl's tummy, giggled, and collapsed on the ground exhausted. As she lay there, she looked up at Chrissy and giggled as she watched the quickly spreading stain as Chrissy once again was forced to pee into her panties while in bondage, completely unable to free herself to use the bathroom she so desperately needed to use. As Chrissy explosively wet herself, tears once again streamed from her face as she realized how incredibly humiliated she was feeling, and how badly she was being abused. Streams after stream flooded her already wet legs again, her bladder unable to hold the water she had drank. Her tears ran down her cheeks in sheets, a violent seizure of sorts overcoming her as the enormity of her desperation, bathroom denial, and abuse overcame her. Chrissy sobbed loudly, trying to scream through hoarse vocal cords, but couldn't. All because she had peed herself on the balance beam in competition and lost the match. She hung her head in shame and embarrassment as she cried harder, trying to ignore the three girls who were now breathing heavily, their bodies covered with sweat and pee, giggling and laughing at her. She was abused yet confused. In the midst of her tears, she also remembered the extreme pleasure Amber had brought to her, but didn't understand why the girls were being so cruel. Sexually inexperienced, Chrissy didn't know what to make of the mixed feelings that ran through her mind. Still giggling on the floor, Amber stood up and released Chrissy from the rings, freeing the humiliated gymnast from her bounds. Chrissy immediately hugged and embraced her best friend Amber, who immediately wet her own panties yet again and started reaching for Chrissy. Still crying, still confused, Chrissy began to respond, at first unwillingly, and within minutes was gasping explosively as Amber once again brought the gymnast to a crescendo, Chrissy's orgasm exploding inside of her, the intense pleasure blinding her as she responded to Amber's skilled touch. Needing to pee again, she wet into her panties again, desperately hoping Amber could bring her to that peak of pleasure yet again. Amber didn't let her down, stroking and probing deeper into Chrissy's most private area, feeling the wetness that poured out of her new lover, the hot exploding pee pouring over Amber's tongue as Chrissy continued to urinate violently, her tortured bladder no longer able to control its urges. Head back, she moaned as Amber once again brought her to climax, the wild ravenous sensation overtaking the tortured, humiliated gymnast in total pleasure. The video cameras were still recording.
The Next Morning Chrissy woke up early. Pushing the sheets aside, she sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, and then stood up. Her tangled hair was a mess. Wearing an old t– shirt and a pair of old faded pair of blue cotton gym shorts, a pair of pink panties underneath, she felt an extreme urge to use the bathroom. She stood there, squirming, her knees shaking, the fierce stinging pain that had become so familiar to her the past few days torturing her as she was on the verge of a huge accident.
She picked up her cell phone and dialled the number.
"Yes?"
"Hey Amber, it's me"
"Hi Chrissy, What's up?"
"I really need to go pee. May I have permission to use the bathroom please?"
Chrissy shook as she talked, her words jittery as she needed to pee so badly, standing there in her old shirt and loose, short, faded gym shorts.
"No"
"Mmmmmmhhhewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!" Chrissy replied in agony.
Chrissy knew that was a final answer. Starting to cry softly, she started to pee into her shorts, the stream starting slowly, running out of her clenched pee hole, flowing through her panties, and finally trickling down her bare legs, wetting the fabric of her old shorts, darkening the blue color as the shorts got wet. The pee started flowing down her thighs onto the hardwood floor of her bedroom.
"Amber, I'm wetting myself."
"I know, Chrissy."
Chrissy cried out and could not control her flow. Hot pee exploded out of her pee hole and she lost all control as she completely peed into her shorts, streams of hot pee flooding her bare skin of her legs as she urinated as hard as she could, a huge puddle forming between her legs. She shivered in the cool morning air as she kept peeing, her swollen bladder so full. Pee hissed loudly from her desperate body. Loud enough for Amber to hear it across the cell phone connection.
Lying on her bed, Cell phone in her hand, Amber looked at the ceiling and peed into her pink cotton panties as hard as she could, the pee streaming, wetting her bed, her sheets flooding with her own hot pee, as she lay there listening to Chrissy pee herself on the phone, sobbing. Amber smiled as urine flowed freely into her bed, her panties soaked. She relished the warm wetness as it spread through her bed, knowing that Chrissy was peeing into her clothes a few miles away.
Chrissy headed to the shower, her pee soaked legs shining in the morning light as she walked. She missed her lover.
By: Gillian