Couldn't Hold It In...

Posted by Sparklegirls2000 on June 15th, 2011 at 5:13PM

Usually, I only pee once or twice every day. I hold daily and my pees are usually about 12-14 hours apart. One day, I decided to do a bigger-than-usual hold, which I do a lot, while I'm at home. So, I did my usual. I woke up at 7:30 AM, took a pee, and got on with my day, drinking 1 cup of orange juice, and 1 cup of coffee on my way to work. I got to work, worked for 4 hours, and then went on my lunch break where I had a 24oz bottle of coke with my sandwich. While I was eating, I got a call from m sister asking if I wanted to see a couple movies after work, one started at 6:15 and went until 8:00, and the other 8:30 to 10:00. She told me I should just drive right from work to the theater. I knew I would have to miss my evening pee for the movies, since I HATE peeing in public places. So, my day went on, and my bladder got fuller, and I started crossing and uncrossing my legs more and more. At 5:45, I left work and walked out to my car, got in, gave myself a reassuring squeeze, and left for the movie. 

When I got to the theater, I bought a medium sprite with a small popcorn. We got through the movie, though when it finished, I had to go bad. I could barely stand up without leaking. Luckily, I had a pad on, and was free to leak in that a little. My sister and I walked over to the ticket guy and after that, went into the other room. I bought a small pop then and kept my popcorn, which I didn't finish. I have a tendency to drink my pop without thinking about it, so the first went down fast. 

About half way through the second movie, a wave of desperation went through me like a knife. I spurted into my pad and couldn't help but reach down to touch my crotch to see if anything was wet. (We were in the back with no one around us) Luckily, nothing was. I gave myself another squeeze, and tried to refocus on the movie. I crossed my legs and wiggled a little in my seat. 

After another 30 minutes, I got another wave of desperation, which came with another spurt of pee longer than the first. I reached down again, only to find that my crotch was soaked with pee. I wasn't a huge fan of people seeing that I wet myself, so I didn't just let the rest flow. I tried to keep the rest in as long as I could, but soon, the waves came periodically with constant spurts and dribbles of pee. Finally, I noticed that my pants were soaked around the crotch, easily noticed. So, I figured, "what the hell!" And I peed. I could hear it hissing out of me and soaking into the seat. After the stream stopped about 2 minutes and 30 seconds later, I felt my soaked jeans and switched seats to dry off. It was fun! :)Vote up! 8

