Note: This "story" contains Female Desperation and Deliberate Wetting.
It had started raining about an hour after she started hiking in the mountains.
Great, thought Amy, now I am going to get soaked.
Amy is 26 years old, 5'6" tall and weighs 125 pounds, with green eyes. She has brown medium length hair, which she prefers to wear in a ponytail; and a toned body. Today she was walking on her favorite day hike to a lake high in the mountains. She was dressed in long tight khaki pants, which hug her slim and trim body nicely, and a form fitting turtleneck; if any men were around they would have stopped to admire her body. While the weather forecast had called for rain she had risked it and felt that it would not actually rain.
This is what I get for living in the Pacific Northwest, thought Amy. Always expect it to rain.
Amy decided to keep on hiking, since she was going to get soaked anyway. Amy got to thinking about her friend Sara, and her husband Robert. They would love this kind of weather and getting wet like this. They loved water sports, and this would be a perfect opportunity for them to practice their love in the outdoors with no one noticing. Robert and Sara had tried to get Amy to go along with their water sport games, which mainly consisted of holding for as long as possible and then peeing into their clothes. Amy had refused. This was a while ago and the two of them had not mentioned it again to Amy. Yet Amy was intrigued, she had always wondered what it would feel like to let it go in her pants.
It must be something special for those two; they must feel something exciting about just peeing their pants.
As her clothes became more and more wet from the rain, the bottle of water that Amy had gulped down started to move through her body.
I should not have all that water at once– it is moving right through me, I am starting to feel the need to pee.
If this were any other day out on the trail Amy would have gone off to the side behind a tree, pull down her pants, as she normally does not wear panties when hiking, and just pee. Yet now with the rain and the water she had drunk, Amy was starting to feel the urge to pee.
Feeling a little daring, and wanting to see how it felt, Amy decided to pee in her pants.
I just want to see how it feels; no one is out here anyway. My clothes are going to be soaked and no one but me will know that I have peed my pants.
Amy kept walking at her normal pace, all the while her bladder started to fill up and become bigger and bigger; the urge to pee became greater and greater. Amy tried to ignore the urge to pee, to go behind a tree pull down her pants and pee. She kept her focus on the trail and walking a normal pace.
Yet after a few more minutes even walking became more and more difficult. Amy could feel her body beginning to feel aroused at this feeling of desperation.
This desperate feeling actually feels good, thought Amy. Now I know why Sara and Robert play hold–it games, their sex must be great.
Amy started to unconsciously dance the desperate dance. She could feel the urge and the desperate pleading from the bladder to let go. The feel of the rainwater on her body was not helping with the messages from the brain to the bladder. Her body wanted to let it all go, yet her mind would not let it go just yet.
I want to hold it out for a little longer; I want to get the full experience.
Then, her body could not hold out any longer and her bladder let lose a torrent of fresh, warm pee. Amy could feel it coming out of her vagina, the force and the heat. She could feel it run down her legs, down her pants, and out of her crotch. While she could not see the damage done to her pants, she could feel it on her body and in her body. The excitement and pleasure that the body got from this experience was indescribable. Amy could not believe what she had just done in her mind; young ladies her age were not supposed to pee their pants, and here she just had done so in the forest during the rain. Yet at the same time she had never felt a sensation like this before, a sensation of pleasure and warmth.
Now I know why Sara tried to get me to join their games. This feels amazing.
As she finished peeing her pants, she thoroughly enjoyed the feeling that the warmth brought to her in the chilly rain. A couple of thoughts were going through her mind as she continued her hike. First, that she would pee in her pants the rest of the hike. Second, she would need to talk to Sara about joining her in some of her games.
By: Bunny of Delight