Sophia On Stage
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Sophia was delighted to have won a part in the college play, The Child, which was written by her drama teacher, Mr Mitchell. The play was about a schoolgirl who frequently gets into trouble. She had a lot of lines to learn, so that meant she would be on stage for most of the play. There was a scene in the play in which she would be disciplined in the classroom by her schoolteacher, played by fellow student, Rick.

Several weeks of work came down to a dress rehearsal with the whole cast. Rick was dressed in suit covered by a black cape, Sophia had worn her old school uniform consisting of a white blouse, grey knee-length skirt, with a black tie and shoes. They were both having a conversation about the play.

“I hope things do go well on the night,” Sophia said.

“Don’t worry, it’ll be alright,” Rick replied.

After the rehearsal, which went well, Mr Mitchell said, “Okay gang, let’s get ready for the big night!”

A few days later, on the eve of opening night, Sophia, whilst getting excited about the play, also felt very nervous, which made her throat dry, so she drank three glasses of water in quick succession. A couple of hours before the start of the play, she felt a slight need to wee, but decided to hold on for a while. However, half an hour before the start of the play, she was getting desperate and began to fidget a little bit while she was putting on her old uniform. She was in two minds: go to the toilet now, or wait at least two hours…. in the end, she decided to continue waiting. Rick looked at her, rather puzzled.

“Are you alright, Sophia?” he asked.

“No, I’m okay, just nervous, that’s all,” Sophia replied.

The decision to hold was probably the worst she had ever made. Twenty minutes into the play, and she was on stage, the need to go became unbearable. She had fidgeted throughout. At the end of one particular scene, she rushed off the stage in order to go to the toilet, only for Mr Mitchell to grab her by the arm.

“Where are you going? We’re going to have the big scene in a few moments,” he said.

Sophia pleaded with Mr Mitchell. “But I need to…”, but within moments, she had to return to the stage for the scene with Rick the teacher.

The stage was like a classroom, which a teacher’s desk with two chairs. There was a knock on the door.

“Come in,” said Rick. Sophia walked gingerly onto the stage.

“Sit down,” Rick said again. Sophia sat down on the chair and continued to fidget.

“You’re in trouble again, young madam!” Rick said.

“But- but sir-sir, I didn’t dod-do anything wr-wrong,” Sophia stumbled on her lines not just because she was nervous, but also she was bursting for a wee so desperately. If she didn’t go soon, she would certainly wet herself on stage…. and that would be embarrassing. Throughout the scene, Sophia continued to stumble on her lines, and Mr Mitchell became concerned… if only he knew. Meanwhile, Rick continued with the punishment, and Sophia was so desperate that she put both hands in between her legs and crossed them tightly. She was rocking on her chair so much. Many people in the audience were looking at her, very bemused.

Suddenly, Sophia felt a jet of pee leak into her panties. She knew in a few moments she was about to wet herself. At the climax of the scene, Rick got a ruler from his draw.

“I want you to tell the truth…. now!”

As he struck the ruler on the desk, Sophia became startled…. and that made her lose control. She felt the wee gush through her panties, soaking the back of her skirt and splashing onto the floor. Rick was unaware that she was wetting herself.

At the end of the scene, she got up and heard gasps from the audience as she must have known they may have seen her drenched skirt as she walked off the stage. She then rushed to the toilet and locked herself inside a cubicle for an hour, refusing to come out.

After the play ended, Rick came to knock on the toilet door in order to get a response, but Sophia kept shouting, “Please go away!” She felt so embarrassed of wetting herself in public.

