Covered Desperation
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I was waiting at the station for my train to arrive. I was a few minutes to early and a bit bored. One minute before the scheduled departure of the train a woman in her late thirties was reaching the platform a bit exhausted. She was wearing a decent but expensive looking pantsuit.

I looked at her and saw a peculiar look on her face. I wondered if she would need to pee. She stood there her legs together and looking at the display panel to check when the train will arrive. There was no hint for a delay but the departure would have been now and there was no train in sight.

She was now pacing up the platform and looking around and I was sure she was checking if there were any bathrooms. I was sure from the way she was looking. But the bathrooms were at the other side of the building and also the train was expected every second to reach. So she had to wait and use the toilet on the train.

After maybe five more minutes she was standing near me again and had her thighs close together. I could see that from time to time she was turning her right leg a bit inwards and now I was sure she really needed to pee but I could not rank if it was urgent or not. Then an announcement appeared on the board, that the train would be delayed a few minutes. I could see that she was not amused about that and also not able to leave the platform because a few minutes were already over. I watched her and again I could see that she sometimes turned her right leg a bit inwards. She really did it barley noticeable. After a while she paced up the platform again and I couldn't see her face anymore but after maybe 50 meters she turned and came back.

I could now see that she had her hands in the pockets of her trousers and I think it became now uncomfortable for her. Then again she stopped walking and stood with her legs close together. After a short time she took her hands out of her pockets and grabbed her waistband around and pulled her trousers up. Maybe they have slipped down a bit from walking and pressing harder onto her bladder area. After that she crossed her legs and stood like this the next minutes. She didn't move much but I could see her muscles flexing a few times because the pants were very slim.

Again she fumbled around her waistband and I was wondering how much longer she could keep her struggling at this low level. Then an announcement came out the speakers that the train was cancelled because of a strike of the engine drivers. A few people start to moan and mumble and they were also me not happy about that but then the man said that buses would be allocated at the stations main entrance.

So all people started to walk there quickly. I followed the woman and noticed that she wasn't walking casual and as she saw the toilets I noticed a hesitation but she moved on because the bus would start at once if all passengers were on. Of course the buses filled fast and there were not enough seats for all and so she had to stand in the corridor. I also had to stand. She again pulled up her waistband and placed her bag on the floor and I saw that bending down made a frown on her face.

Then the driver started and she like everybody had to grab a bar to keep balance. I calculated how long the journey would last. Normally the train would take 18 to 20 minutes so the bus minimum would need 30 minutes or more.

I looked at her and she had her legs crossed looking out of the window. Until we were on the main road it was stop and go and so everybody was shaking around so I couldn't see if she did this to keep control of her need or to keep balance. But as we were out of the city I saw that she was changing position of sanding regularly that means crossing her legs then uncrossing and after a while crossing the other way.

Ten minutes on the way she uncrossed her legs again and pressed them together hard. Then she pulled up her trousers again which was difficult with one had grabbing a grip so she had to change the hands.

She became a bit nervous now and crossed her legs again but only a short moment then she stood again with her legs close together. I think that her waistband became very tight and maybe tighter by crossing her legs.

Then she put the left hand on the front of the left thigh pulling the pants a bit down. I think the pressure must have been enormous now and she didn't know how to help herself anymore. I could see that the hand which she had on the bar was clenched together with all strength. Then she put her left hand in the pocket but obvious didn't help her because she put it back out only five seconds later and put it again on her thigh. Then her cell phone rang and she had to bend down to her bag again and did this with a some kind of lunge. Maybe she wasn't able to bend at her waist. On the phone must have been somebody how expected her at the station or something else because he described the situation and how much later she would probably arrive. During she was talking she was stepping from foot to foot maybe because she had to concentrate on the phone more than on her need or on her intent to hide her need.

She wasn't doing a pee dance but clearly tapping from foot to foot. After she had finished the call she put her phone back in the bag and again did this strange lunge.

But now she decreased her movements again and pressed her thighs together. Again she put her hand on her tight and now I could see that for a few seconds she moved her thumb discreetly between her legs. She was really desperate now and I wondered what she would do to keep control because we now finished half the way.

Another time she pulled up her trousers with an anxious look on her face. Now her actions became more frequently and clearly she reached her limit. But I was really wondering about her. She was really dying for a loo now but trying hard and successful to keep composure. She must have a much willpower. But now she more and more had her thumb between her legs however very unremarkable but more frequent.

After two more times pulling up the waistband she started to walk in front to the driver. This wasn't easy because a few people stood in the corridor but she reached the front and I could hear her ask the driver how long it would take until we would reach the other station. I couldn't hear his answer but I thought it would take another ten minutes for sure.

First she didn't went back but after one or two minutes she stepped back a few meters and told one man sitting that she was feeling sick and if he would let her sit down on his seat. Naturally he agreed and she sat down and was now sitting with her face turned to the back so that I could see her again.

She was pressing her bag onto her lap and I could see that she was biting her lower lip with power. But her legs were frozen. Of course she drew attention onto herself and now she had to hide her predicament even better because more people would see her now.

I couldn't believe it but she nearly didn't move for the next five minutes. As we reached the other city she became a bit agitated again maybe in the expectation of nearby relief.

As we came to the station she stood up early to get off the bus quickly. But she miscalculated the arrival a bit and so had to stand two long minutes in the corridor where I only could see from behind that her legs were pressed together really hard. Then she again fumbled with her waistband to help her with the pressure but I think it didn't help much.

Then we reached the buses place and the doors opened. After the people in front of her had leaved she started to walk to the door and climbed down the steps carefully. Outside she was looking around both hands in her pockets.

She started to walk towards the building and I followed her. Half the way another woman called at her and she paused. They greeted each other and she stood there with crossed legs. Then I came closer I caught the words: "... but I have to excuse myself, I need the bathroom..."I really can't wait.

As she moved on she put her hands out of the pockets and pulled up her waistband again. She entered the building and looked around. She wasn't standing straight really but also bend only a little so you hardly noticed it. She put her hands in the pockets again and bend down further. Then she started to walk again and I followed her. At the other side was a sign for the ladies. And I also went this direction. She was really hurrying as best as she could and after a walk of one minute we both arrived at the ladies. She nearly broke the door and then we were standing inside. There were three stalls in there and two of them occupied the third entered by a girl as we went in and two women waiting before us.

Now she was again standing with her thighs pressed together both hands in her pockets. Even in the ladies room she tried to keep composure. The two stalls opened one after the other and the ladies in front of us entered. Now she put her hands out of the pockets again and fumbled on her waistband again bend over a bit. We looked at each other who would get the first stall and I put both hands into my pockets and tapped from foot to foot to act like I was also needing a toilet fast. I asked if I could go first and she agreed. Then she turned a little but I could see that she opened her pants now. She became frantic now. She started to pace a little and then stopped to bend more at the waist, grabbing her crotch with her right hand.

The stall opened and I looked at her and she really begged me with her eyes and so I let her in. She closed the door and seconds later I heard the pee splashing. I went into the next stall and heard her pee very long and I think she really had reached her bladder limit.

But maybe I never saw a women in the need to pee so bad with so much body control. She really showed hardly any obvious sign until the last ten minutes on the bus how bad she needed to pee. I think she was already desperate reaching the platform to wait on the train.

