This is an adaptation of a true story––– some things have been altered a bit for better flavor.
The last time I got together with my friend Carol, it was a chance meeting that had us both on my motorcycle in the mountains and finished with the best sex ever. Carol was determined that we would meet again, only on her turf next time...
Well, It so happened that I had to go on a trip to visit a relative and it put me just a few hours from where Carol was now living. I called her to let her know and she was really excited. She started to tell me all the things she was going to plan and I had to shut her up. I wanted to be surprised instead.
This time, I followed the directions to where Carol was going to be and it was a small Texas nightclub. I made really good time and got there about a half hour early. Carol was sitting alone at the bar waiting for me and sucking down what looked like a huge margarita. I bet it was nearly all tequila judging from the color. I walked up behind her and grabbed her really hard as I kissed her neck. She let out a scream and turned around with a really big smile. Her eyes said it all. She was really buzzed. Not drunk, but nicely buzzed the way I like it sometimes with special ladies. The liquor smell on her breath made me crazy. She was wearing a really slinky black crepe shirt and skirt combo and for nearly 50 years old, she looked great.
She jumped up on me and planted a real big kiss but then quickly got off with a look of horror on her face. "I just realized how badly I have to pee and when I went over there a few minutes before you came, it was so disgusting I could never use it!" She was trying hard to talk straight to me but I knew she was buzzed enough that the words wouldn't come easily. I don't know why but that makes me really horny.
I said, "Let's dance and that will take your mind off of the fact that you have to pee."
So, off we went to the dance floor. The music was slow and easy so I held her in my arms and stroked her back as we moved to the melody. She was feeling really amorous and started licking my earlobe and whispering sweet nothings. I felt myself getting so hard that I knew everyone would see me.
I slid my hand down to her butt and softly rubbed it while I moved us to a place on the floor that was near a wall. I wanted to touch her all over but I didn't want others to know, for sure. Once near the wall, my hand slipped under her skirt and fondled her cheeks through her sexy silk panties. I moved my hand around the front of her and found her exposed thigh. I gently stroked her there and sent her flying. Evidently, this was her "spot." She started kissing me while breathing heavily, but told me not to hold her too close cause she really had to go again, and this time really badly. That was all I needed to hear. I pulled her tight to me and squeezed. She gasped and said, "Oh shit, I'm going to wet myself." By this time, I had the biggest woody hiding in my pants, and so I took one of her hands and moved it to my crotch.
"UUUUMMM", She said as she felt my elongated shaft inside my pants. But she still had to pee and she was prancing, bobbing, and moving every which way. She really liked pleasing me though so she kept rubbing me all the while she was fighting hard to hold back.
Now I was determined to tease her. I stroked her inner thigh, which immediately caused her to shiver and moan. I slowly reached up to her now soaked pussy and started to rub it while I pressed hard against it. We were in a dark corner now so no one could see us. The pressure on her clit, the drinks, my caring for her and the dancing had its effect. She came instantly. Her vibration was so intense, so did I!! I filled my underwear with thick sticky cum and it was absolutely gloriously wonderful. She said she could actually feel the warmth and the pulsing through my trousers.
All the excitement pushed her over the edge and she let out another moan, only this time louder. She said, "I don't care what it looks like, I have to use the restroom." I grabbed her once again, gave a real hard squeeze and said "Let it go," and within seconds, I could feel her pee as it overfilled her panties, made it past her skirt and soaked the front of my pants as well. I felt it run down her legs and mine too. It was awesome. The force was incredible and it went on for at least a full minute. I instantly got hard again and told her I wanted to go back to her place and fuck. Quietly and quickly we exited, only to enjoy the rest of the night in her big beautiful bed having great sex and playing water sports till dawn.
How can the next time ever be better!!
Beemer Bob