The Desperate Actress
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

Helen is playing acts in a semi professional theatre. They play the classic old dramas also as the new plays which have more laughing in them.

This day they had to film some sequences of a classical Shakespeare play for the regional TV station to promote their new production. The filming was scheduled to start 8 p.m.

Helen has to stay in office longer than expected, and must hurry to reach the theatre in time because the cameraman takes money for each hour he is needed. Helen finds time to buy a large coffee to keep her fresh after a long day.

She arrives at 7.30 and rushes directly into the wardrobe to get her make-up and her costume. It was an old fashioned dress which fitted very tightly at her waist. She would really love the old plays were it not for these uncomfortable costumes.

During preparation, she prepared by running over her lines again to make sure that filming would be successful without too many takes. This slows down the make up process.

At 7.55, Carl, the director, comes and asked if she is ready because the cameraman is ready and the clock is ticking.

Helen replied that she will be ready in about ten minutes and finishes her outfit. As she slipped into the costume, she feels that the dress is really tight-fitting and that her bladder is suddenly very uncomfortable. Little wonder; she drank a lot of water in the office, and although she used the bathroom before leaving, her bladder has filled up rapidly because of the coffee.

For a moment she thought she ought not to go on stage without using the bathroom, but taking off the dress to relieve would require too long. Her inner debate ended a few moments later when Carl came in again and snapped at her to hurry up. Helen asked if there was time to use the toilet, but Carl cut her short and told her that they didn't have the money to let the filming team wait any longer than ness carry. So it was that Helen went on stage with a dangerously-full bladder.

On Stage, her partner Martin waited to do the scenes with her. They planned to film her monologue first, followed from a shorter dialogue with Martin, then his short monologue and as the final scene of the teaser a kissing scene.

Helen started with her text and after a minute the camera operator stopped and asked her to do it again because of some lighting problem. Helen wasn't used to act in front of a camera and this also delayed filming a bit. During her monologue, she was asked to stop and repeat a little part a few times, and after maybe ten minutes she really felt a massive urge to pee.

They finished the first clip after fifteen minutes. Helen was worried now because the live, on-stage monologue would take about three or four minutes.

As they went through the next scene, Helen found herself hopping from foot to foot. She really needed to pee now and the dress was becoming very tight. After a short discussion, they launched into the dialogue. Martin wasn't well prepared and they had to do some scenes a few times. Helens predicament became more serious.

At one point, Martin let a paper fall on the floor and Helen had to bend down and take it pick it up. Bending down was torture because the dress cut into her abdomen, squeezing it hard. Carl stopped and asked her to bend down faster because it needed to look like she wouldn't want to be seen picking up the paper by Martin. So they tried again. Martin walked away while speaking and let the paper fall down. Helen rushed to the place and bent down as quickly as she could. She nearly let a spurt of pee escape, so that she had to stay in this position a second longer than usual to regain control. Martin had turned back before she was standing again. Carl made them do the scene for a third time. Helen really began to wonder if she could do this correctly now that he bladder was really full.

On the third try, she succeeded and they were able to carry on. But now her need was becoming a painful torture. She tried to act normally, but several times she was forced to cross her legs to keep control. At one point she was able to sit on a chair which helped her enormously, but she wasn't able to sit straight because of the tight dress. She slipped her butt on the edge of the chair and leaned back as much as possible, but Carl was not happy about this. As he voice his criticism, Helen explained that the dress was too close-fitting.

She found it hard to stand up again, and she had to grip the armrest to take away some of the pressure on her stomach. She managed to make this action look normal and so Carl did not make her re-take the scene. Now there was just one sentence she had to say to Martin as he walked off. Suddenly, distracted as she was, she couldn't remember. Her throbbing bladder was taking nearly all her concentration.

Carl fed her the forgotten line, and then they had to re-do the last three minutes, including standing up. This time, it was truly awful. Helen pressed her thighs together as hard as she could while she said goodbye to Martin. After he had left the stage, she was required to read the paper she had picked up. It meant standing there for an interminable thirty seconds. It was too much. Unable to cope, she decided to walk up and down the stage while reading.

Carl didn't like it and made her do the reading scene again. Helen stood on the spot, legs pressed together as the camera started. She read the lines but simply wasn't able to stand still. She rubbed her thighs together discreetly hoping that Carl wouldn't stop her again. She needed to finish the lines as quickly as possible and hurry away to get some relief from her torture.

As the camera was finally turned off, Helen literally danced around in desperation and again asked Carl to let her use the toilet. He could see that she was really dying for the loo but he knew that undressing and dressing again would take more than ten minutes, so he begged her to try hanging on.

Filled with dismay, Helen sat down on a nearby chair and again had problems finding a comfortable position. It wasn't possible to sit whatever she tried and she was forced to stand up again. This was no longer an option either. She could barely hold it now, and broke into a major pee dance with both hands on her groin, trying to hold back the flood. Her bladder was absolutely full and she knew she couldn't wait any longer. She interrupted the set and asked Carl if it was possible to do their kissing scene first because she really needed to go to the loo as quick as possible.

Carl agreed, and they prepared for the scene. It was hard for Helen to slip in her role again. She had to move slowly, but inside she was absolutely frantic. She tried to keep the strain out of her voice, but she more pressed the words out than spoke them.

They tried the scene. Martin walked in from the right side and Helen from the left. They met in the middle. Half way across the stage, Helen froze. She was on the edge of wetting herself. Carl told them to do it again, and while standing on the side of the stage, Helen had to press her right hand between her legs to regain control.

They started the scene again, but Helen wasn't able to walk like an attractive woman anymore, and as they met in the middle and looked into each other's eyes, supposedly in "love" Helen was tapping her feet in desperation. Again, Carl broke the scene. Helen knew she couldn't try again. She excused herself ,one hand between her legs and begged Martin to follow her to unzip the zipper on her back.

Martin followed Helen down into the wardrobe. She was dancing around desperately to hold in her pee. She had to stand on the spot for Martin to open the zipper, and during this she pressed both hands into her crotch, fighting back the urge to pee. As the zipper opened, Helen had to take her hands away from her crotch in order to climb out of the dress. She raised her foot to step out, but this made her spurt a little into her panties. At once she pressed one hand back into her crotch, feeling that it was a little damp. She knew she mustn't wet in the expensive dress, and with a final bending, she managed to get it off without losing control of herself. She then hobbled to the toilet with one hand pressed between her legs, opened the door and with one movement she pulled down her knickers, sat onto the bowl and let it go with unbelievable force.

She swore that she never would go on stage desperate again. After cleaning herself up and dressing again, they finished filming with a blushing Helen. It had been so close.

A week later, she saw the video on TV and felt humiliating by how obvious her need to pee had been during the scene where she read the letter!

Author's Comments:

This story maybe could be a good basis for a B2B Movie. You can tell the model that you'd like to film a desperate actress who is hiding her desperation very well because she is a professional. Then you go through an old classic play from the good old masters, in which there are many monologues or parts with only two people. The model starts desperate and in an uncomfortable dress, and maybe you tell her its expensive and she mustn't wet it. Then she acts.

It's difficult with text, I know but it could be that you "stop" filming the play to let her read the next lines. In this BTS time of course, she will do some pee dancing, and then the play starts again she has to act normally.

It would be a nice challenge for her to get through the lines totally. You are able to stop her every time she fidgets too much ( or even tell her she is doing too much ), so you can delay the scene as long as you like until she really isn't able to play the role without fidgeting. You could do a few tries with her until you let her go finally. The idea is that you tell her you want to do a serious movie about a desperate actress finishing her work, with only the last scene showing her desperation as she runs to the toilet. Then you can film her peeing to show how desperate she was.

For real, you get a nice BTS movie with much pee dancing which many like, and hidden desperation which also many like, according to the massage board.

