Title: The Repairman
	Entry to: Month 24
By: Frodo

They called me sometime after 10:00PM, and I got to the fairgrounds just as they were closing at 11:00. They had shut down the rollercoaster because it was acting erratically and they insisted that it be in proper condition for tomorrow's crowds. I had worked all day and wasn't thrilled at putting in more hours this late, but the overtime would be good and I had a big thermos of coffee to keep me going.

I drove up the narrow access road and parked my van beside the equipment shed behind the rollercoaster track. There was barely room to move inside the shed, which was crammed with transformers, switches and the electronics that made the cars move and brake at the right times. Nothing had been installed with an eye to repair, and the circuits I would need to check were mounted on the wall ten feet above me. I disconnected the power feeds that led out to the cars, and then I threw on the main breaker to energize the switches and circuit boards that might be at fault. As I cautiously climbed to the top of a large electrical cabinet, I heard the sounds of shutters and gates closing, and then voices faded away until there was silence. I took a large gulp of coffee and opened up the panels that governed the braking system.

The sheet metal beneath my feet sagged, and I repositioned myself so that my weight was on one of the stronger crossmembers. I methodically tested each component, cursed the engineers that had cobbled the system together, and drank more coffee. There was a sudden snap, and the flimsy metal of the cabinet buckled under me. As it gave way, both of my feet plunged into the space within it and I fell until my rear was resting on a metal support a foot or so from the top. One of my workboots was wedged firmly between two transformers. I couldn't budge it, and I couldn't reach that far to unlace it.

I have pretty good upper body strength and I tried to hoist myself out, but there was nothing really solid to get hold of. When I looked down toward my feet I realized that I shouldn't do a lot of thrashing around. Between my knees was a main power bus carrying 220 volts, the gleaming copper actually being brushed by my jeans. Fortunately, dry cotton is a poor conductor, but I knew that closer contact would fry me quite well. 

I hadn't injured anything, and my position wasn't that uncomfortable, so I supposed that I could stay there until morning when someone arrived to open up. At least it was a warm night. However, there was a minor complication. I had to pee.

I guess I had to go even before I climbed up there, but I've grown so used to holding it when I'm in the middle of a repair job that I didn't think about it. I'd had considerable coffee in the past couple of hours and I was feeling it. 

Being found with peed pants didn't bother me. I've peed them in more public places than this. But wet denim would be a much better conductor of electricity, and if the wetness reached my knees it would be all over. There would be a flash and a sizzle, and my survivors wouldn't have to pay for cremation. I would simply have to hold it.

The minutes ticked by slowly, but my need to pee escalated rapidly. Perhaps knowing how important it was to hold it in made the task more difficult, but it seemed obvious that my bladder was reaching its limit. I considered the feasibility of shooting my pee up and away, but I felt that, especially when starting and stopping, some of the stream would fall down inside the cabinet and contact some of the live wiring that was all around me, with fatal results. 

By 2:00 I was in agony. I had never held on this long before. I had my cock in a painful death grip, defying the spasms in my lower abdomen that grew stronger and stronger. I was sure that my seat and crotch weren't touching any bare wiring, so I decided it was safe to let out a small amount to ease the overwhelming pressure. A series of hot jets filled my briefs, and as the wetness spread to my thighs I gritted my teeth and clamped onto my cock. I looked down to see the dark stain stop just inches from my knees and the copper bus, and I sighed with relief.

The pressure was a little less, but I still had to pee urgently. My kidneys would continue to crank out urine and soon I would be as bad off as I was before. Then I had an inspiration. My t-shirt was a thin one, but it would absorb something. I pulled it off and shoved it down inside my briefs, immediately releasing more jets of pee into it. Then I pulled it out, leaned as far as I could, and wrung the shirt to send splashes of pee to the floor. I only dared to let out a small amount each time and stopping was painful, but eventually I was able to reduce my need to a manageable level. However, at this point I dropped the t-shirt.

It may have been the cool night air that made me shiver, or perhaps it was the tension of being an inch from death. But in any case, the wet cotton shirt slipped from my grasp and fell to the cement below. Now I would simply have to hang on.

It was exactly 6:32AM by my watch when I heard sounds of activity outside the shed. I hollered loudly, and a minute later a skinny young man opened the door and looked in.

"Pull the goddam switch," I bellowed. He looked at me quizzically, and I continued, "The red handle! Pull the fuckin' thing down!"

He complied, and seconds later the floodgates opened. I peed and peed and peed. Not even from sex have I ever experienced such relief! It gushed and spurted and hissed with great force. Pee trickled from my jeans and over my boots, and it splashed and dripped over everything in the electrical cabinet. I thought with a smile that there would be quite a stink when they turned the power back on.

It took two men to extricate me from my prison, and they snickered a bit when they saw how wet I was. As I headed home in the van, my first thoughts were of a shower, breakfast and sleep. Curiously, I was horny as hell, and thought that my wife was in for a little excitement before she left for work. The way I felt, I could keep her occupied for most of the day. 

