After the concert
	Note:  This story contains Deliberate Wetting, Bed Wetting, and Sex.
By:  Ann Whetter

'When the concert finished we made our way back to the van and put the awning up,' continued Mary. We then had a quick light snack and a bottle of water each. Almost as soon as we'd finished the two girls turned up and said 'Can we join in please?' 'Of course' said Aunty Jenny. 'First we'll have to get the airbeds out so that we can be comfortable, and cover them with the bath towels' she added. We'd just finished these preparations when the guys started to arrive. They had brought some beer and we girls all drank lots of water.

'Now' Aunty Jenny announced. 'A few ground rules. No-one does anything they don't want to do and no-one is to get hurt. Oh and as you know, we girls wet ourselves so be warned. If you can make us come we might pee on you. Now has anyone brought any contraceptives?'

The two girls said that they had a packet of 3 each and then when none of the other guys had said anything a weedy looking one at the back admitted that he too had a packet of 3.

'Huh, that's not going to be anywhere near enough' said Aunty Jenny. 'I thought that more of you guys would have been prepared. Oh well, I suppose that we might as well start as we'll finish. Put them away.'

'Is that it then?' asked one of the guys, 'no fun after all?'

'Oh no' said Aunty Jenny ' It means that we'll all go bare-back, and for your consideration' she continued looking at the weedy one, 'you can have first pick and if there's a queue, you can go to the head of it.'

'But what if we get pregnant?' I asked 'I'm not on the pill.'

'I presume that as you brought contraceptives you're not on the pill either' said Aunty Jenny to the two girls.

'No, we're not' said one of the girls, 'We've never done it without before.' admitted the other 'What's it like?'

'You'll soon find out,' said Aunty Jenny, 'and get on the pill as soon as possible because you won't want to go back to using contraceptives after this.'

'But what about now?' we all asked.

'Don't worry about it now, trust me. Just enjoy yourselves.' Aunty Jenny promised.

'Now,' she said to the guys 'I suppose that you'd like a bit of a show first?'

'Yes please' they replied. So we all lined up and one by one did a strip down to bra and panties. Then we each removed our bras and with our tits swinging free we wet our knickers before taking them off.

'Come on' said Aunty Jenny to the weedy one. 'Take your pick and start us off. The others can join in as soon as you come in one of us.

He chose Aunty Jenny and started to snog her and massage her tits. Then one hand then dropped to her pussy and he began to finger her. 'Put it in, put it in' Aunty Jenny shouted and she began to undo his zip. He dropped his jeans and underpants and you should have seen the size of his dick.

We were all a bit jealous as he pushed it into her and started to thrust in and out. As we all looked on, he moved faster and faster until he suddenly tensed up pushed himself as far inside her as he could and came. This set Aunty Jenny off and as she came she wet herself.

As soon as they saw this, the other guys started on the rest of us. At some time fairly early on during the evening I had a dick in my cunt and another in my mouth. I couldn't see all the others but I think that they were getting as well and truly filled as I was. I did see that Aunty Jenny was coming and peeing again with one dick in her cunt, and two more in her mouth.

This set me off and I started to come. It went on and on and then I realised that I too was wetting myself. I didn't stop peeing until both the guys came in me. After that I wet myself every time I came.

It was a fantastic evening, we all got well and truly fucked and all the towels got soaked. It was such a hot night that after all the guys left we just lay where we were and went to sleep.

I woke up during the night needing to pee and heard one of the girls asking the other where the loo was. She replied 'The bed is wet anyway so you don't need get up to go -I'm about to wet mine again.' 

'Oh yes' said the first one and I heard her them both pissing onto the soaking wet towels. I giggled to myself at that and did the same before quickly falling asleep again.

Next morning Aunty Jenny asked us if we'd enjoyed ourselves and if we had enjoyed the extra thrill of unprotected sex. Angie, Wendy and I (we'd introduced ourselves by then) all agreed that it was much better without contraceptives but we were all now concerned that we might actually be pregnant. Aunty Jenny then said 'I'm glad that you enjoyed it and you'll remember that I told you to trust me. Well I thought that something like this might happen so I brought some 'Morning After' pills. Take one of these now and get on the pill as soon as you can -and be careful meanwhile. You all thought that you had the thrill of chancing a pregnancy, but I was here to protect you. Don't do it again if you don't really want to get pregnant.

We then got the hose out and washed everything down -including ourselves, before hanging the towels and airbeds up to dry. Once we had dried and dressed ourselves we had breakfast and then grabbed some more bottles of water before going down to the second day of the concert.

It wasn't long before we all needed a pee so we had a 'holding it' contest. It was almost lunch time before Angie and Wendy couldn't hold out any longer and both let go together. Once they had started there was no point in anyone else holding on so we all let go at once. The rest of the concert was spent drinking water as fast as we could and wetting our knickers. Even on the drive home, we had drunk so much water that we continued our wetting. Luckily Auntie Jenny had put plastic covers and towels on the seats.

When we got home, we made up the beds up with the dry towels and after having a quick shower we all went to bed and quickly fell asleep. Of course I woke during the night badly needing a pee. I was about to get up when I remembered that the bed was protected, so I just let go. I must have woken several times during the night and absolutely soaked the bed. I wasn't the only one of course, and now, being well into the wetting thing I was concerned about coming home -which is why Auntie Jenny sent the parcel.

'I think that I'll have to come with you next time,' said Mary's mother.

'To see that we behave ourselves?' asked Mary with a worried look at her mother.

'Oh no, said her mother, I don't see why my sister and you two girls should have all the fun. When is the next concert?'
  

