Title: Water, water, everywhere, but not a place to piss

By: Paul Tester

When Jayne had signed up for a weekend sailing course, she had been more interested in meeting the instructors than learning to sail, which was the main reason why she was wearing tight shorts rather than jeans that the other members of the course were wearing. She was a long-legged blonde, and she wanted to show off these legs to their best advantage. After breakfast there had been a short introductory lecture, mainly about safety, and now they were starting their first practical lesson. There were seven in her group, two other girls and four men, all under 30, with a slim but muscular instructor, Dirk, who was all that Jayne had dreamed of meeting. As she boarded the boat, Jayne made her first move to attract this instructoris attention, asking him why the boat was named eRoller Coasteri

"When we get out to sea, instead of on this lagoon, you will see why," he replied, "Any sort of waves and she rolls like a pig."

As Jayne took her place and eRoller Coasteri sailed out into the lagoon, she realised that it was almost completely open, and what she had thought to be a small cabin was only a cover supported by the boom, and this had gone now the sail was up. This meant that there wasnit a loo onboard, and she wondered if she should have used the loo on the jetty after the coffee at the safety lecture. Nobody else had, but she had a rather small bladder.

She did her best to banish all thoughts of loos, and concentrate on attracting Dirkis attention by gazing raptly at him and showing as much of her legs as possible. The day had clouded over, and on the water it was not as warm as she had expected, which made her shorts look rather foolish, and it was probably this unexpected chill that caused her bladder to start sending her warning messages after only fifteen minutes sailing. Jayne pressed her thighs together and mentally squeezed her bladder outlet shut, telling herself that she could not possibly want to go so soon.

By concentrating hard on what Dirk was telling her, and keeping her legs crossed, Jayne was able to forget all about wanting a loo for nearly half an hour, until it was her turn to steer the boat. Sitting at the stern, tiller in one hand and main sheet in the other, she could no longer sit with her legs crossed. The urge to pee had returned as she moved into position, so she was trying to reduce it by keeping her knees together, but Dirk had quickly corrected this and made her sit with her legs wide apart, bracing herself to keep the tiller steady. Within minutes an intense, urgent need to pee had developed, and she was having to really clench her bladder shut to keep control. No matter how much she wanted to concentrate on steering, she had to devote at least half her mind to finding some way of minimising the urgent need to pee.

Despite having to keep her legs apart, she was trying to keep at least the top of her thighs pressed together, and was also clenching her crutch and buttock muscles, with the result that she was squirming about on the seat like, well, a little girl who wanted to go wee-wee. The course she was steering was also squirming about, much to Dirkis disapproval. He took this to be a sign of her nervousness, and reassuringly told her not to try too hard, but to relax and hold the tiller gently. She was attracting Dirkis attention, but not in the way she wanted. eWhat on earth was a matter with my bladder,i she thought. eEven with an extra cup of coffee, I should not be wanting to go so badly yet. It must be all this water that is making me want to go more.i

Eventually she got the hang of steering a straight course while still clenching her bladder shut. In fact, the more she had to had to think about her need to pee, and the less she bothered about trying to steer, the straighter her course, as the boat did indeed steer itself. However, to make sure she had got the hang of it, Dirk kept her at the helm for an extra five minutes, prolonging her misery, when all she wanted to do was to be able to cross her legs again. At last she could relinquish the tiller and go back to sitting with her legs knotted and her hands gripping under her knees to press her thighs even harder together.

Urgent mental arithmetic told her that even if they only had one ten minute steering session each the trip was going to last for at least another hour, and with some instruction from Dirk and extra time like she had, and it could be an hour and a half before she could get to a loo. Even if she did not want to go any worse, it was going to be a miserable time, and if her bladder kept on filling, as it probably would, then she didnit know what she would do. Somehow she was going to have to wait, there was nowhere onboard to go, and normal adults in their twenties were expected to be able to wait two hours at least

For the next half hour, Jayne continued to sit with her legs tightly crossed, periodically either bending forward with her hands linked under her knees, or clenching all her bladder muscles as tight as she could. Doing either of these things would reduce her need to pee for a short time. She was trying to convince herself that she was not getting any worse, and that she was going to be able to wait until the end of the lesson without any more discomfort. While her actual urge to pee had not got worse, or not very much worse, she was developing an uncomfortable bladder ache which was worrying her. Past experience told her that once her bladder started hurting like this, she was not far from wanting to go really badly, when it became a real struggle to hold it back.

This morning, she hoped that she would not reach this stage until the lesson was over, or nearly over, so she would not have long to endure the misery of being really desperate to pee. She lasted until the last person was starting their turn at steering, when she had to change her seat, and the brief time with her legs uncrossed triggered a much more urgent need to pee, and she was struggling to hold it back. Jayne told herself that she only had to hold on for another ten minutes, but they seemed to be a long way from land, and she was beginning to wonder why they were not heading back to their starting point.

Ten minutes later, Dirk explained that the lesson was not over, and they were now going to learn about sailing eclose hauled to the wind.i Jayne, who was starting to struggle to control her bladder, and was trying to do this without squirming about and drawing attention to her plight, could hardly believe that this was happening to her. How on earth was she going to wait for another hour or more, when she was so desperate now? Surely there had to be some arrangement for pupils who wanted to pee? If only she could get to sit next to Dirk, she would ask him. She had to do something, the thought of holding on for over an hour was unbearable. This reverie was interrupted by Dirk reminding her to pay attention and asking if she was cold. eNo,i she thought, eitis not the cold that is making me shudder, itis the effort of holding my pee.i

As the second part of the sailing lesson began, one of the men, sitting just forward of Jayne, turned so he was facing over the side, and then knelt on the seat and began to pee over the side. Jayne had not realised what he was doing until she saw and heard the stream of pee pouring into the water. The sound was so suggestive that her bladder began to react in sympathy, and she had to press her hand hard between her legs to stop herself leaking. eWhy was it so easy for men to pee,i she thought, eMore than anything else in the world, I want to be doing that, letting my pee pour out, and yet itis quite impossible for me to do it. I have just got to hang on, Iim going to be frantic by the time this lesson is over, but what else can I do?

When Stewart had finished his pee, Jayne was able to regain sufficient control over her bladder to remove her hand from between her legs, but her desperation level had gone up, and it was even more of a struggle to hold it. She was having to press between her legs for a few seconds more frequently when she felt the pressure was becoming too much to control any other way. She didnit really care if anyone could see what she was doing, because the alternative was to risk a leak in her shorts which everyone would be able to see. At least this way, she could pretend that her shorts were too tight or something. Maybe Dirk had noticed her plight, because he got her to steer next, the thing that Jayne had been dreading the most, as it would mean sitting with her legs apart again.

Steering was every bit as bad as Jayne had imagined it would be. She was really bursting to go now, and even with her legs crossed it had been taking a lot of effort to hold back her pee. Now, legs apart, the urge was almost unbearable, and she was fighting to hold on. She was clenching her bladder shut with all her strength, just about able to hold it back, but it was such a struggle to do this that she could hardly thing of anything else, like steering a boat. She was gripping the tiller very tightly, and this seemed to be helping her maintain the tension on her bladder muscles, but when Dirk noticed this he again told her not to be nervous but relax. Jayne smiled grimly at this, tried to loosen her grip on the tiller to satisfy Dirk, while knowing that the slightest relaxation was likely to result in a wet patch between her legs.

She struggled on, praying that this lesson would soon end. She wanted to pee so desperately she could hardly keep up the effort it was taking to hold it, and she felt that any second she was going to lose control and wet herself. She had to do something, so twice she bent forward, pretending to be looking under the sail, which just provided a little help holding her pee. Then she tried sitting more sideways, which allowed her to press her thighs together, but this didnit really work, and Dirk suggested she sit straight again, when it would be easier to control the boat. eItis my pee I am trying to control, not your boat,i though Jayne, but she dare not say anything, just smiling an apology for being so incompetent. At last Dirk was satisfied with her performance, and she was just thinking that she had somehow managed to finish her lesson without an accident, when a sudden surge from her bladder was just too much to bear, and she felt herself losing control and beginning to wet her pants.

As she moved sideways to make room for the next pupil, she frantically pressed her hand between her legs, not caring if anyone saw, only wanting to stop her pee. So frantic was the need to pee that she was not sure if she had actually leaked into her knickers, or had just managed to stop it, and she did not want to draw any more attention to her plight by feeling the crutch of her shorts. 

She had hoped that once she was sitting with her legs crossed she would be in control of her bladder again, but within a few seconds of sitting like this she realised that it was taking so much effort to hold on that she was never going to be able to last more than a few minutes. Faced with the stark choice of either holding between her legs or wetting her shorts, Jayne pressed her right hand hard into her crutch and trying to disguise this as much as possible by putting her left arm across her lap and leaning forward. This also helped press her fingers harder against her pee hole, and the panic of being about to wet herself passed.

Five minutes in this position and Jayne had recovered from the terrible strain on her bladder when she had not even been able to cross her legs. She was able to sit up and pay attention to the sailing again, but, she still wanted to pee so badly that she dare not remove her hand from between her legs. There was no hiding her problem now, everyone on the boat knew that she was desperate for a pee, but most seemed too embarrassed to look at her any more. Dirk was concentrating on the helmsman, but kept glancing her way, as if to check that she was still holding it. Everyone except Robin, who had just finished steering and had moved directly opposite Jayne, was studiously concentrating on the sailing lesson when she glanced round. Whenever Jayne looked in his direction, he seemed to be staring at her crutch, though he averted his eyes when he saw her looking. Jayne hated this, but there was nothing she could do; if she let go, she would wet her pants for sure.

The last twenty minutes of the lesson took Jayne to new levels of desperation. She could not take her hand from between her legs for a second without being in serious danger of wetting herself. Her fingers were pressing with all her might against her pee hole, moving around in a little circle and crushing the flesh against her pelvic bone in a last desperate attempt to hold back her pee. Somehow, she made it, and was almost sobbing with relief as the eRoller Coasteri nudged against the jetty and was made fast. Jayne had been fighting so hard to control her pee that she had not realised that this was not the same jetty as they had sailed from. Instead of stepping ashore with a loo close by, there was an iron ladder to climb to what seemed to be a deserted jetty.

She tried to let everyone else go up the ladder first, but Robin had moved behind her. As she stood up, she was having trouble keeping her balance as the eRoller Coasteri lived up to her name, and Robin grabbed her shoulders to steady her as she approached the ladder. "Take it steady," he told her, "get both hands on the ladder before you try to step across from the boat." This was what Jayne had been dreading, having to let go of her crutch at a time when standing up had made her want to pee even more frantically than ever. Clenching her bladder shut with all her strength, she grasped the ladder, hoping that she might just manage to hold on if she was quick.

But leaning forward to the ladder pushed the boat away from the jetty, and she screamed as she thought she was going to fall in. In a moment the ropes came tight and held the boat, but by this time the damage was done and Jayne had let go a big spurt of pee, which soaked the crutch of her shorts. In panic, she jumped onto the ladder, but as she scrambled for the top she could not prevent more pee spurting into her shorts and running down her legs. The second she was on the jetty, she grabbed her crutch with both hands, pressing the soaked cloth against her pussy and just stemming the flood. Now she had to pee, she didnit care where, she just had to do it somewhere other than in her knickers.

There were no buildings on the jetty, not even anything she could hide behind. She just ran over to a wall and squatted against it, but she didnit have time to get her shorts down before the flood started again. The glorious relief as the contents of her bladder gushed through her shorts went almost unnoticed, overcome by the humiliation she felt as she crouched against the wall, pee gushing down her legs, watched by the rest of the sailing class. Robin had been quickly up the ladder behind her, getting a perfect view of her first leaks, and Dirk had followed in time to see her final breakdown. They were both watching her openly, while the other men seemed embarrassed to admit they also wanted to see. One of the other girls looked shocked at the whole incident, and it was only plump, motherly Diane who moved to help her.

"Oh you poor thing," as she put her arm round a sobbing Jayne, "Itis terrible when you have got Cystitis and you just canit hold it. Tie my jacket round your waist, it will cover up the wet patches, so nobody else will see."

All Jayne wanted to do was to get back to the hostel and change her wet clothes, but they had to wait for the minibus bringing the afternoon sailing class to arrive, and then all eat a picnic lunch together. She tried to cover her wet shorts with Dianeis jacket, but she could tell from the furtive glances and whispered remarks that everyone knew she had wet herself on the boat.

