Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation, Female & Male Wetting, Humaliation, and Foreplay. After weeks of training and renovations to the bar, it was finally Grand Opening Day. Though it was Misty's bar, Kiran and Jamie felt as much a part of the project as she did. In fact, they had let Misty know that they were willing to work on tips alone if things didn't work out as well as planned at the start. However, Misty was hearing none of it– she was convinced the bar was going to be a great success.Misty had named it the 'Wild West Games Bar', which fit well with the old building located in the outskirts of town. However, the best part of the name was the neon sign. Misty had made it so only certain parts of the sign lit up, so it spelled out 'Wild Wet Gals' at night. She had been careful not to advertise the watersports aspect publicly, knowing there could be negative publicity and law troubles. Instead, she had just advertised the opening in the paper with a 'buy one–get one free' coupon, leaving customers to discover things on their own. Jamie and Kiran arrived at work on time, at exactly 3 pm. Misty had been working the bar alone for the first hour of operations and it had been surprisingly busy. She had not expected too much business on the first day, especially considering it was a Tuesday. She was glad to see her two employees looking sharp in uniform, tight beige shorts and white tees with red logos.Having Kiran and Jamie walk around as servers made life easier for Misty, especially as things got much busier an hour later. By 5, the joint was packed and Misty had to work non–stop, making drinks to fill all the orders. It was already looking like she would have to hire more employees and the real show hadn't even started yet! Things slowed down a bit around 6, as some of the after–work drink crowd started making its way home and Misty was finally able to slip away from the bar for a much needed pee break. Jamie and Kiran also took turns covering for the other so they could relieve themselves.At 7:30, Misty noticed it was now dark and lit up the sign outside. Within ten minutes, the bar was completely packed again. Men shuffled in to catch a glimpse of what the sign promised and they weren't disappointed to see three attractive girls running around in skimpy outfits.At 8:50, Misty grabbed a bullhorn from under the counter and announced there would be no service for the next ten minutes, but a surprise was on the way. Kiran and Jamie made their way behind the counter to join Misty. All three girls were exhausted from working for such a long period of time without a break.A few minutes from 9, Misty suggested that the waitresses best go empty their bladders. When Kiran and Jamie got back, Misty was addressing the crowd with the bullhorn again. "These two lovely ladies are going to push themselves to their limits now and if they fail, YOU all get free drinks!"The crowd applauded loudly but quickly quietened down, wanting to know more. "Every fifteen minutes from now to closing time at 11, one of you is allowed to buy Kiran or Jamie a beer. They are not allowed to go to the bathroom and if they wet their shorts, there is a free round on the house! Now who wants to buy these ladies their first drinks?"Immediately there was excitement in the bar, men hollering at the girls to come to their tables. Misty noticed a couple women were dragging their men out of the bar after the announcement, which was expected. However, everyone else seemed delighted at the news and many had their cell phones out, frantically telling their buddies to get there to watch the spectacle.Kiran and Jamie scanned the crowded bar to decide which table to visit. Kiran decided to head over to a table of rowdy and apparently wealthy businessmen, who had been complementing her and tipping big all night. They cheered when she walked over to accept their offer. She was not disappointed– the rowdiest of the group pulled out two twenties for a round with her, telling her to keep the change. She brought the five drinks over and smiled before bringing the mug up to her lips, drawing cheers from all over the bar.Jamie decided to head over to a handsome college lad, Ben. He had been lightly flirting with her for the past hour. She noticed that he hadn't been to the gents yet, despite drinking heavily. It was exciting her to know he was getting desperate inside his jeans. Now, she just had to work her magic to keep him from using the toilets. Jamie didn't get nearly as big a tip as Kiran, but a nice one regardless. Her mind was on the Ben's prick rather than his wallet.As she started drinking a fresh pint with him, Jamie put her plan into action. "You know, I've been thinking– maybe you should play along with me." She said this in her sluttiest voice possible, leaning in close so he could get a good look down her t–shirt and take in her exotic Greek scent."What do you mean by that" he stammered, taken off guard by such a direct approach.Jamie recognized the influence she was having on him and took the act a step further. She set her glass down to bend over the table so her breasts almost touched the surface and reached over to touch his arm. "Why don't you hold your piss with me and maybe I'll reward you with a little something at the end?"Jamie didn't bother getting a reply and the boy was way too shocked to give her one. She knew she had him and walked away from the table, pint in hand. She made a show of walking slowly so he could admire her ass. The poor drunk lad had no idea just what he was getting himself into. Jamie knew he wouldn't last two hours with dry jeans, having consumed four beers already and a fifth on its way.Kiran gulped her beer down and made a show of grabbing her crotch, producing laughs around the table and earning another five for her efforts. She was amazed at how easy the money was rolling in, compared to her past jobs. She saw that many of the other tables were now dry and got back to serving drinks. Jamie had a sip of beer remaining in her mug, which she gulped down with a challenging gesture at her new crush. Ben had tried to slow down his drinking, but had to take several large gulps out of pride as Jamie watched.Ten minutes later, the bar was packed again as people had rushed in upon news of a pee–holding game. All the seats were filled, including Ben's table. He had been cornered in by three girls, who were actually close friends of Jamie's. Even with nowhere to sit, people filed in to stand around the bar with beers in hand and the girls could hardly keep up with all the orders. The crowd was keeping close watch on the time and was happy to remind Jamie and Kiran it was time to drink up.Jamie snuck a look at her friends while gulping down her second beer and they had Ben looking quite uncomfortable. One of the girls had paid a visit to Misty to buy a round for the entire table and the entire table was pressuring him to drink up. Jamie smiled, knowing her friends were undoubtedly excited at the prospect of him wetting his jeans at their mercy. Her neighbour, Lizzy, had rounded up the entire gang within minutes of getting a call from Jamie during her brief pee break.Kiran and Jamie continued to buzz around the bar for the next thirty minutes, getting quite drunk from the beers. However, the patrons quite understood of the girls' increasing sloppiness and simply laughed at spilt drinks, incorrect orders, and the like. The tips were getting larger as the night progressed, a result of drunker customers and increasing admiration for the girls, putting themselves through such an embarrassing ordeal for their entertainment.Jamie was looking over at her favourite table more and more often. It was nearly 10 now and Ben looked absolutely desperate and terrified, to the delight of the giggling girls all around him. Jaime saw him rise to try and excuse himself, but Lizzy pulled him right back down and smiled deviously. Shannon, seated across from him, moved her chair to Ben's left, denying him easy access from the table.As the crowd shouted it was time to drink up again, Jamie immediately walked to Ben's table again. Lizzy called for another round and lifted the guy's glass up to his lips, forcing him to empty it. As Jamie paused to drink yet another pint, she realized she could use a good pee. With an hour still to go, her need would grow very quickly as she consumed so much beer so quickly. She could only imagine how Ben must be feeling at the moment. His moist face and constantly jittering legs suggested he was in deep trouble of losing control.As Jamie finished her beer, she saw Ben reach down to his lap to give his penis a quick squeeze. Shannon noticed the gesture too and teasingly began running her fingers up and down his leg, tickling him. Jamie felt a quick twinge of jealousy but ignored it, knowing her friends would never take a boy she had laid dibs on first. Besides, Shannon already had a steady boyfriend who she would never cheat on.Kiran, being the smaller of the two waitresses, was definitely feeling the effect of the beers. She was finding it hard to retain her balance as she walked around the premises, giggling at her own clumsiness. She was feeling nagging pressure from her bladder, constantly telling her to relieve herself. She couldn't help but imagine how pleasurable it would be to just let go through the tight shorts.The girls were definitely starting to fall behind with orders now, slowed down by their drunkenness and steadily filling bladders. However, the customers were more than happy to visit the counter themselves to chat up Misty and give out a few tips too. Kiran was showing some obvious signs of desperation now and there was some intense competition to buy her the next drink. Every man wanted to see her up close for five minutes, squirming helplessly while more alcohol entered her little body. She chose two loud lawyers standing near the counter and was rewarded dearly with a $15 tip on her $5 beer. She crossed her legs, rocking back and forth on the spot as she chatted happily with the lawyers. Their line of questioning was getting increasingly direct."So, you think you're going to make it?" the tall one asked, with a hopeful glimmer in his eye."Easily. I've had tons of practice with this," Kiran giggled back."Well, it looks like you need to go pretty badly and there's still forty–five minutes and two beers to go. I think you might be in a bit of trouble.""Don't worry about me, baby. I know how to keep my panties dry." She laughed again and flirtatiously played with the man's tie before pushing off and heading back to work.There was stiff competition for Jamie after Kiran was taken and she chose a table just to the right of Ben's, where she could enjoy the show clearly. Her friends were getting quite rowdy and excited now, as poor Ben clutched his cock tightly, trying to hold on. He had attempted to stand up several times in the past five minutes, but was far too drunk to fight off the girls on either side of him. Surprisingly, not many people had noticed the hostage situation, with so much attention on the waitresses. Unfortunately for Jamie, Ben somehow maintained control the entire time she drank next to him.Both Jamie's and Kiran's desperation level intensified rapidly over the next ten minutes. Kiran was in no shape to work at all and accidently spilt a beer all over one of the tables. Misty, anticipating this would happen, rushed over with a large towel clean up before too much damage was done. Jamie was now crossing her legs at every opportune moment; Kiran was grabbing her crotch. With signs of an accident imminent in both girls, the prices had gotten too high for any patrons near Ben's table, to Jamie's dismay.Ben had started to leak beneath his iron grip and knew the wet spot would soon spread beyond the area his hands were covering. The three girls at the table were eagerly anticipating any sign of an accident and were watching his every move. Undoubtedly, the entire bar would know what was happening once any wetness appeared on his jeans.As Jamie and Kiran stood together at businessmen's table, sipping drinks that had cost five times the usual rate; Ben made one last desperate attempt to break free to the washroom. Lizzy and Shannon grabbed him immediately and his chair tipped over to produce a loud crash, drawing attention from the entire bar. Ben lost control during the sudden act of getting up and trying to break free, which left him flooding his jeans in full view of the shocked bar. There was laughter all around as Shannon moved to upright the chair, allowing Ben to sink back into his seat as he continued to pee himself.Jamie felt electric waves flow through her body at the sight of Ben wetting himself. Her scheme had worked out perfectly; hopefully he would still be interested in her once the bar closed. She could barely contain her excitement and had to tug hard on her crotch to prevent any leakage. Kiran was really dancing now, holding herself with her legs crossed. She was having a very drunk conversation with one of the businessmen, who seemed to have planned out exactly what he wanted to ask her."When was the last time you peed your pants?"
"Hmmm... I'm too drunk remember for sure, but I definitely pissed myself a few times during training for this." She gazed longingly in the man's eyes, wishing she could please his and her own needs at the same time and release the flood right there in front of him."Do you like this kind of thing– wetting yourself?""Mmmm yeah! It feels SO good to lose control of your own body and just pee your pants' like no worries at all! You know what I mean? Have you ever tried it?"The man quickly looked around the table and stammered a denial. He sat down, obviously embarrassed as his friends around the tabled teased and laughed heartily. Kiran shrugged, locked arms with Jamie, and staggered back to the bar area. No one was expecting the girls to serve their tables anymore. Most people weren't even drinking, just enjoying the show. Those who did need a drink came directly to Misty.Jamie took the opportunity to lead Kiran to Ben's table. She wanted a closer look at his drenched jeans. Very drunk now, Jamie walked around behind Ben to touch his inner leg. She breathed in the strong fragrance of his pee as she ran her fingers delicately over the wet denim, feeling the moistness and slowly moving up towards his crotch region. Before Jamie could get to his cock, Kiran pulled her away to engage in a deep passionate kiss, drawing applause. However, she had to cut the kiss short, as a strong spasm from her bladder almost made her squirt in her panties. She pushed her other hand into her crotch and barely hung on for the next five minutes. Then, Misty announced it was time for the last round of drinks.The bidding was blunt and at ridiculous levels now, as men openly yelled out numbers to woo one of the desperate ladies towards their table where they could hopefully watch her wet herself. Both Kiran and Jamie were too drunk to follow the bidding, so Misty followed along and directed the girls. Kiran got sent back to the lawyers with a $60 beer in hand and Jamie to an older gentleman at the back of the bar who had bid $50.The lawyers were both quite drunk now and were making holding on as tough as possible for poor Kiran. "Bet you're not so confident about lasting till 11 now, are ya?" teased the tall lawyer. Kiran was in no shape to reply; she continued to grip her tortured vagina for dear life as she drank the beer as quickly as possible to get away from the two arrogant men.The other lawyer spoke up. "Why don't you just let go and wet your knickers right now? There is no way you're gonna last much longer anyhow." Kiran ignored him and kept drinking. Only a quarter mug to go now; she could do this."Imagine how good it would feel to just let your pee out. Just do it, babe– soak your panties. You know you want to." Kiran felt a squirt escape into her panties. She immediately stopped drinking to push harder on her pussy. In the quick motion, she almost let her mug flip over.The lawyers sensed what was happening inside her shorts and intensified their teasing. "You're going to pee your pants. Your bladder is way too full and you NEED to pee. You're going to lose control and the piss yourself– it's all going come out through your shorts any minute now, just like a big waterfall." Kiran felt herself leak again, but somehow finished her beer. She hurried away from the chuckling lawyers, but knew they were right. There was just way too much beer in her body to hold on for another ten minutes. She was so close to leaking– it would be a minor miracle if she survived another five minutes.Jamie had a much easier time with her last drink. The well–mannered gentleman was content with watching her struggle against her bladder as she downed the drink, occasionally smiling at him, in helpless embarrassment. Ben was enjoying the show from afar, very turned on by Jamie being so dangerously close to embarrassing herself as he had. As Jamie finished the beer and hazily made her way back to the front of the bar to join Kiran and Misty, she felt the first squirt escape into her panties. She stopped dead in her tracks and danced around involuntarily in a struggle to regain control. She somehow prevented any further leakage and joined Kiran at the front of the counter.Every single eye in the bar was on the girls now and not because there was free alcohol on the line. Everyone wanted to see one of the beautiful teens wet their shorts. Only five minutes remained, then they'd both be free to dash off to the toilets and relieve themselves in private. It would be a real shame after two hours of anticipation.Kiran gasped loudly as a powerful spasm nearly buckled her knees. The strongest squirt yet escaped her almost bursting the dam completely, but somehow Kiran clenched her pee–hole shut again. Three minutes to go. She had to hang on.Jamie looked over at Ben as a second squirt escaped her body. He was locked on her beautiful hourglass figure, praying that he would get to see the same sight she had seen from him– a public wetting accident in front of the entire bar. He was erect; he had been ever since Jamie had touched him. Only two minutes left.Kiran felt another massive spasm attack her, the huge ocean of pee inside her made an even stronger attempt to escape. It was just too much for her little Indian body to handle. She squirted four times in rapid succession, desperately trying to retain her massive reservoir of pee.It was a lost cause– her unforgiving bladder had been denied for too long. A powerful, relentless jet of pee shot through her panties, shorts, and hands, soaking her legs. Knowing there was no way to hide her accident any longer, she released the tight grip on her crotch and relaxed, shuddering as intense heavenly relief overcame her. In just thirty seconds, a giant pee puddle had formed around her, flowing out far enough to connect with Ben's puddle.Kiran, far too humiliated to face the crowd staring back at her, continued to gaze down at her wet shorts as the pee stream subdued. There were only thirty seconds left and everyone's attention had shifted from Kiran to Jamie, who squirted hard twice while witnessing Kiran's accident. Her hands were soaked and a few drops had even dripped through into Kiran's puddle below. Fortunately no one had noticed any wetness yet. Just a few more seconds and she would be able to dash off to the toilet!As the crowd started the ten second countdown, she fought off incredible, uncontainable waves urging her to let go. Her need to pee was overwhelming, immediate. Her body demanded relief NOW and soon it would have it, no matter what.She started shuffling her way towards the ladies as the crowd counted down to 5, so that she would have at least a chance of making it to the toilet before she lost complete control. It was not to be– Lizzy stood up and grabbed her friend. As the crowd counted down to zero, she pushed Jamie onto Ben's lap. Jamie immediately forfeited control of her bladder and released a hot flood all over the boy, drenching his wet jeans further. She could feel his erect dick throbbing against her as she allowed the long held water to flow out of her with unbelievable speed and force. She closed her eyes, enjoying the amazing sensation of relief wash all over her body and Ben's giant boner thrusting against her.As Jamie finished peeing, she purposefully ground her ass into Ben's hard, throbbing cock. After a few rough rubs, she heard him gasp as his organ's throbbing intensified, then stopped. She grinned to herself, knowing she had just caused him to have a second accident in his jeans. Jamie stood up, faced the crowd and bowed elegantly, producing cheers all around. As the applause died down, Misty pulled out her bull horn and announced that the bar would be closing, but the waitresses would be giving each customer a voucher for a free drink as they exited.As extremely satisfied customers filled out of the bar, they generously tipped the girls once again after collecting the voucher. Many of the men also threw out hopeful flirts, praying to get a phone number out of one of the wet girls to no avail. The only person that did get a number, once the bar was empty and silent, didn't have to flirt at all. He just had to kiss Jamie good night before walking out into the night in his soiled jeans.
By: Full Bladder