"An Alluring Affair"-4

by Thomas

Chapter 4 

When Nicky woke up that morning, she could feel the strain her bladder had been through the previous night. Everything felt stretched and slightly strange. She decided she might just try going to the loo again, and see if that helped. Phil woke up as she pulled the duvet off her, and tried to cuddle her.

"I need to go again Phil. Can I?" she asked.

"Lets record it first," he suggested, in a mock boffin's voice. "How long?" he asked.

"`Bout two minutes!" Nicky replied, and he looked heartbroken. "It's not bad at all, I just want to avoid feeling so bad ALL the time," Nicky explained. "You wouldn't get anything out of it. I wouldn't have to fidget."

"Oh," said Phil, trying to continue to look upset, "nevermind." He paused. "Actually, I don't think it matters anymore, whether you fidget or not, it's just knowing that you need to go, so that I know you might fidget - that's enough. Knowing that the potential is there!"

"Well, I could lie, and pretend I need to!" Nicky suggested, "But I wouldn't. It would be too cruel," she added at his further crestfallen expression.

"Do you want tea or coffee?" Phil asked, trying to change the subject, knowing he was getting more and more desperate for her to always need to. Nicky giggled at his innocence, and he hugged her.

"You are great, you know," she assured him, and the pair walked naked, hand in hand, to the kitchen. Nicky leant on the counter, while Phil made some tea. As the kettle boiled, Phil stood opposite Nicky, and looked her up and down. She looked very tousled, her hair and pubic hair was tangled and an instant give away that lewd things had been happening. "Am I a terrible mess?" she asked, reading his thoughts.

"No, you look stunning darling," he replied. "You're breasts are so perfect, I almost want to eat you all up!" He continued to stare at her body, and pictured his previous girlfriends, comparing their bodies. Nicky had the nicest overall appearance, although not the biggest breasts, the longest legs, the most stunning looks, or the roundest arse. Her nipples were sufficiently small to allow the roundness of her breasts to be obvious, and her thighs were so sexy he was lost for words. She was, he supposed, his perfect woman, as there could be no-one sexier on the planet. Her pubic hair was not thin, or shaved, and allowed him to almost picture her bladder behind it. He tried desperately to remember those school Biology lessons - "Where exactly is the female bladder?" he tried to recall. And what was the reason for women's bladders being smaller than mens'?

Nicky was also sizing up Phil's body. She presumed that he was very experienced in bed, as he was always able to make love, no matter how recently they had previously. Her only previous boyfriend had needed hours to recover his energy, if not his sexual appetite.

"What bra size are you?" Phil asked Nicky, expecting a reply of about 34C.

"Hah! You expect me to tell you?" she was surprised by the question, and wondered whether to reply larger than she was. "I am really 34B, but I'd prefer to be wearing my Wonderbra! I'm 34, 28, 34, if it matters. I hope that'll do?"

"Oh you needn't worry about that," Phil reassured her, "you couldn't be sexier for quids." He moved across the kitchen, and cuddled her, his arms encircling her naked shoulders and warming her. His penis was touching her, and soon they were again heaving with excitment and joy as their sex worked up into a frenzy, the boiled kettle long forgotten.

Phil cupped Nicky's breasts in his hands as he pushed into her, against the worktop that she used for support. She grasped at his back and clutched his buttocks, gasping at every push. He was great was all that she could think about, with or without piss playing its part she knew they were very sexually compatible. "Perhaps with piss can be just as good though," she mused as Phil seemed to lose his impetus. She hopped up onto the worktop and wrapped her legs around Phil, forcing her wet clitoris against his belly. The new sensations as she took control gave Phil enough of a turn-on to complete what he had started, and they came together in a shattering moment of release.

Phil climbed up on to the worktop with her, and cradled Nicky in his arms as they recovered from the heat and excitment of their actions. Soon Nicky was feeling a little cold and tired, thus they re-boiled the kettle and took their cups of tea to bed.

At around one thirty, Nicky and Phil finally surfaced from their sweaty hideaway in his bed, and both showered, managing to avoid making love as they washed each other. Having completed their dressing, the couple began to cosndier the empty feelings in their stomachs.

"What do you normally have for breakfast?" asked Nicky, reading Phil's thoughts. "Whould you like me to make you a cooked brunch, or just cereal and toast? Either way I must ahve a drink, I feel dehydrated - I s'pose I have peed a lot!"

"No more than you had to, as I recall," Phil replied, to which Nicky smiled. "But I honestly don't mind. Do you prefer cold or traditional?"

"I'll make you either, after the spread you laid on yesterday," promised Nicky. She was sitting at the table in Phil's living room, and patted her stomach as if to say she were fat. "Perhaps we shouldn't have anything...?"

"Let's have a cooked breakfast!" Phil replied quickly, not risking going without food.

"At last! Are you sure?" Nicky proceeded to prepare fried bacon, scrambled eggs, fried bread and grilled sausage and tomatoes. She also placed four slices of bread in the multi-way toaster, to be ready to cook. Phil meanwhile had prepared an enormous pot of tea, which he immediately served a cup of to each of them.

They enjoyed the large breakfast, and drank cups and cups of tea. After the fourth, Phil urgently needed to go to the loo, but even more desperately wanted to wait until Nicky needed to go, so as to avoid making her consider her bladder when he disappeared for a moment. To his despair, Nicky took her time over the extra cup of tea he served her.

Nicky soon broached the subject, although rather late for Phil's liking. "God, she really must suffer!" he thought to himself as he began to understand what she had felt on the previous two evenings.

"So, Phil..." Nicky had raised the topic, "what are your plans for this holiday? Force feed me lots of liquids, but then deny all knowledge should anything untoward happen to me if we go out?" Phil shrugged and tried to look innocent, glad for the distraction. "And then no doubt `happen' to have a very good reason for not going back to the cottage for hours." She paused, watching him intently for any flinching. "When we do, I'll be quite willing to make love, you know that, don't you? In return for you giving much better sex than you have up to now!" she instructed the last while in the process of jumping out of her seat and dodging Phil's attempt at hitting her for the jokey slur.

"You...!" Phil nearly swore, but remembered in time he was trying to keep Nicky happy with him. He settled for another lunge at her. "I hope that was as much a joke as my attempt to hit you!" The sudden movements were affecting his bladder, making his plan less likely to bear fruit, he worried. "If only she would show some sign! Surely her tea consumption matched mine?". He almost worried himself into an accident, but got a grip of his brain in time to return his concetration to his bladder. Phil had rarely fidgeted in his life - he didn't often need to go that badly, happily using public toilets when necessary, but if he had ever got really desperate when he was younger, he'd never felt the need to fidget. He didn't see that it offered any help in keeping the pressure down. Knowing the excitement of seeing Nicky had changed his opinions of the process, though.

"What about the journey?" Nicky asked from a safe distance, follwoing up her succesful dig at Phil. "Will we be making a non-stop trip to Devon?"

"I'm getting a strange sense of deja-vu," Phil responded, changing the subject - he had his own, very private, plans for that trip. "You've taken the piss - sorry, no pun an' all that - for my liking, erm, that, before. You agreed you like the effects." His last sentence was spluttered indignantly as Nikcy smirked from the safety of the hallway.

"No, you're going to answer me, Phillip!" Nicky told him. "Have I got to train myself to last past breaking point for the beginning of our holiday?"

Phil couldn't think straight; his whole torso was beginning to ache he was so desperate. "I don't honestly know," he lied, "why don't we see how it goes?"

"I bet you've got a secret plan!" Nicky persevered. "Like giving me lots of tea like you just did. It works a treat, tea. Must be absolutely the quikcest drink to percolate through me." She turned away, heading down the corridor to Phil's bathroom. "I'll be back in a minute. Hope you don't mind!" Nicky made her last comment sound very bright and airey. She felt happy, almost living with a lovely man, getting great sex, while she was glad she was already, after so short a time with him, able to tell Phil when she had to go. "Imagine if I had to wait 'til I got home both those times!" she thought to herself. It didn't bear thinking about, she had decided. She was just turning into the bathroom doorway when Phil arrived behind her, and jumped between her and the door. 

"I do mind," he announced, standing very close to her, his hands on his hips. "I wanted to know how long tea takes to go through you, so waited myself. I'd like to go know I now." He looked a little sheepish, causing Nicky to grin evily. "It'd be kind of nice if you were to wait a little while..." he finished, a begging look in his eyes. 

"You mean we haven't made love for a few hours?" Nicky teased. "Okay, you go first then we can discuss it." Phil turned and closed the door firmly as he moved to the toilet.

Nicky returned to the living room, and settled on the sofa in anticipation of a long wait. She chose to sit with her legs under her, keeping her bladder under no pressure at all. She didn't really need to go much yet, she was just trying to avoid precipitating anything terrible.

Phil stood over the toilet, pondering Nikcy's response to cups of tea. "I have GOT to try that sometime," he decided, "she'll wet herself with me with her oneday soon."

When he had finished, he washed his hands in a hurry so as to return to Nicky, expecting to discuss, and use, her predicament.

Nicky had basically forgotten the feeling in her bladder - she was quite used, both in the recent and more distant past, to having to smother her bladder's nerves, and needed to much less than caused her to fidget or worry. Phil tried to nuzzle into a cuddle with her to discuss how she felt, but she was more excited about an idea she'd had.

"Can I stay the night again? I'll go straight to work from here, it shouldn't be much further, and maybe you could drive me?" Seeing Phil's excited nods, she continued "I'll need some work clothes, can we get some from home, my home, I mean?"

"Er, yeah, sure," Phil replied, unable to understand the turn of events - he had expected Nicky to want to rush to the loo; instead she appeared to have suggested going straight out of the house.

Nicky was very pleased. Phil had wanted to drive her home, but she had succeeded in persuading him to allow her to take his car, thus getting to drive something more powerful than her only car to date - the diesel her Driving Instructor had used. She half wished the car was open-top, but settled for winding all the windows down and turning up the stereo. With the latest Top 40 playing to all she passed and a heavy accelerator foot, the journey was reduced by forty minutes over the quickest a bus could have got her home.

The black car nearly purred up Nicky's street, not quite as satisfyingly as a Ferrari, she thought, but nevertheless turning her neighbours' heads. Almost copying shampoo advertisments, Nicky jumped from the car flicking her hair as a result of the stares she was receiving, and busied herself unlocking the door, appearing aloof to the attention.

Once in her own flat, she hurriedly collected the few items she would need for the morning to prepare for work, folded them into a bag and then looked around her bedroom. She added a golden cream nightshirt to her bag, then paused again, remembering the cups of tea. "Nicky," she mouthed, "you devious little so and so!"

"Hi Phil, let me in," Nicky called throuhg the letterbox of his flat when she had retraced her route. "Phil? Come on! There's a good reason for you to!" She heard a scramble from the hall of Pfil's flat, then the door was thrown open, Phil standing in the evening sunlight shining down the hall. Nicky flung her bag on the floor, then hung her arms round Phil's neck. "Have I got something to tell you!" Phil managed to back down the hall. "You remember our cup...oh!" She stopped in shock as she saw a man standing staring at them. 

"Nicky, meet Arthur, more commonly known as A." Phil disentangled himself from Nicky's grasp and stood between Nicky and A. Nicky looked the fair haired `Arthur' in the eye.

"My parents! Could kill them sometimes when a beautiful woman asks my name!" A explained.

"I bet that line's a little dog-eared round the edges!" accused Nicky in return.

"No, definitely attracting moth balls though." A continued, almost in one breath. "I just had to, I'm sorry. You sexy females bring me out in a cold sweat - my wife just brings me out in goose bumps!" Nicky turned to Phil, awaiting an explanation.

"A's an old uni friend. We keep in touch, living near each other and all. He just popped in five minutes ago. Give us half an hour, there's a good gir..." Phil bit his lip, and attempted to redeem himself. "What did you want to tell me?"

"It'll have to wait!" Nicky muttered, emphasising `wait' in a xx vain attempt to hint to Phil the news she brought. Phil shook his head as Nicky stalked into his bedroom and slammed the door just softly enough to avoid a further remark being necessary on his part.

"I'm sorry, as I was saying we only met two days ago. She would probably like my attention this evening. Anyway, old friends are the most crucial - what did you come round for?"

"Just a chat. We haven't had a man to man giggle for ages, like we did sharing our house at uni. I needed to get away from Sheila too." replied A. The two men descended into reminsences of their days at university.

After a few minutes, Phil's mind inevitably turned to sex. "Hey," he leaned closer conspiratorially, "Nicky taught me this great new thing. Well, she really just introduced me to it, actually." A nodded excitedly. "Have you and Sheila ever, um, gone out to a party and got back late? You know, both a bit tipsy and wondering which of you will use the bathroom first?" Again A nodded. "Nicky didn't, lets say. The sex was indescribable! She was moving so much I had instant orgasm!"

In Phil's bedroom, Nicky had forgotten her anger and was busy preoccupying herself to avoid thinking about her bladder - several cups of tea and a little wait were cuasing definite stirrings for her. She overheard a laugh from the living room, and crept to the door, listening to what Phil and Arthur were discussing. She was just in time to hear Phil telling A "You have gotta try it with Sheila. Married life takes its toll on steamy passion, so I hear." Nicky imagined Phil smirking.

"He'd better not be talking about us!" she thought. To her horror, he went on.

"You'll never want her to go again! Get her desperate somehow, then turn her on however she likes it, don't let her stop to powder her nose, then fuck her 'til she begs you to stop, and wriggles to try and get away. Then see for yourself..."

Nicky was unsure whether to burst out of the bedroom and confront Phil, just continue to listen, or to run straight out of the flat. As she crouched by the door, her mind briefly returned to her bladder, and she carefully sat down to avoid stressing her muscles after their previous torture - she didn't like the prospect of doing anything jerky. She could still hear Phil and A talking.

"...you'll have to convince her," she heard A say. "She's a bit striahgt, you know that, for a quick shag full of piss!"

"Just give her no option, see how she likes the way it makes you feel," Phil responded, egging his friend but erking his lover. Nicky imagined Phil realised she might be offended, as his voice rose and he faltered over his last words. Her suspicions were confirmed. "Look, I'd better see how Nicky is, can we talk some other time?" he asked A. Nicky heard a chair scrape across the floor, and jumped swiftly onto the bed, giving herself a minor heart attack as her bladder was disturbed. She lay back to appear settled in, but couldn't avoid a small amount of movement in her feet and legs as she could no longer ignore the feelings from her tea-filled bladder.

Another chair was moved, and soon the front door clicked shut. Nicky wondered idly as she waited for Phil, how she coudl already recognise the everyday sounds of his home despite having spent only a couple of days there.

Phil strode into the bedroom, tentatively questioning Nikcy as to her liking for the car.

"Oh yeah," she responded, caught off guard, "I did like the car, a lot. It goes better than my Instructor's Micra did!" Then she realised "Damn! I'll make him think everything's okay if I smile and joke..."

"Sorry about A being here - he didn't stay too long, luckily."

"Yes, I heard you shooing him out," Nicky jumped for the gap. "Did he like your idea?" She had him panicked now, she saw.

"Idea?" Phil faltered, "Erm..."

"About seeing him later sometime."

"Ohh, yes. We'll speak later this week. Maybe go out Friday or soemthing."

"What about the other thing?" Nicky had to ask - somehow she had to get the conversation round to Phil's misdemenour.

"You heard then?" Phil asked unhappily. "I'm sorry Nicky, we've always shared everyhting, bit like a best friend, I guess." She stared at him, noticing her own fidgeting out of the corner of her eye. "He was unhappy about his wife, Sheila. I just suggested they try to patch things up with some saucy sex."

"You didn't have to tell him it was us - me! - that got you into the idea!" She turned and sulked into the pillow.

"Oh Nicky," Phil carefully lay beside her, and brushed her hair around her face. She wriggled slightly, appearing to relax to Phil, but actaully adjusting her position to remove the weight on her bladder. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I would've told him sometime, it's how we are."

A long pause ensued, during which Nicky was pleased to be able to keep still. "Well, like you told him," she changed her attitude completely, beginning to entice Phil just as she had planned at home, "a bit of sex therapy can do wonders for cheering someone up."

"Ahh, okay, you drift very clearly!" They giggled into each other's shoulders and proceeded to feel each other, while not-so-slowly undoing their clothes. Nicky was surprised to find Phil's underpants slightly damp in one spot as she pulled them off.

"It turned me on so much, talking about what you do to me!" Phil offered as an explanation. Nicky smiled knowingly, and caressed his penis, rapidly giving up on oral sex to avoid Phil cumming almost at her first touch. Soon Phil had Nicky naked. They knew instinctively when they were both ready for penetration; Nicky sitting astride Phil as he begged her to hurry slipped him towards her, then pulled away, partly as a fidget, but mainly to tease him. He cupped his hands over her breasts as he understood her intention, and enticed her to allow him inside, with gentle sweeps of his palms across her nipples.

Nicky pressed herself down onto Phil, and felt his penis sinking deeper and deeper inside her, rubbing them both into a heated frenzy of need and attraction. The depth of his penetration was causing Nicky to feel very uncomfortable about her bladder, though nothing like as bad as the previous experiences had been. Wihtout fidgeting playing a part, Phil was quickly ready, but feeling a little guilty, behind his enjoyment, for the rapidity of his reaching that point.

Nicky could feel his readiness, but resolved herself to continue her pretence, despite the liklihood of missing out herself on any orgasm, in order to surprise Phil. The root of her plan was to give Phil such a good time today that he would agree to concede her at least one toilet stop on the journey to Devon the follwoing week, therefore the better she made it for him, she hopped the more likely he would be to allow her lavatorial freedom.

Phil just managed to keep himself under control allowing them to continued to gyrate. Nicky concentrated on avoiding fidgeting and keeping Phil just off the moment he so wanted. Phil was equally desperately holding back, tryig to think of anything but the sexy goddess astride him; he observed that Nicky was fucking him as if the world was ending and she needed sex once more before the end.

At last Nicky felt the time was right to tell Phil, as he seemed to be getting closer. She whispered to his right ear, bending forward dragging her breasts across his chest, but squashing her bladder. "Phil," she tried to add a saltry tone to her voice, "you remember I had those cups of tea? They're through me now - very through me. Can I start fidgeting now?" Phil gasped the affirmative as he thrust against Nicky's pumping. "There's one condition?" she warned, stopping her movement. Phil opened his eyes. "That I can go at least once on our holiday journey..."

"No!" Phil managed to exclaim.

"Then we'd better stop, I have to let this out before it gets like last night," Nicky knew would draw a more positive response.

"No! You're not to go at all on that holiday unless I say so!" Phil was amazed to manage to say, "It's for your own good!"

"I want to stop this then," Nicky reiterated, still not fidgeting but getting much more het up.

"You won't, you like it too much," Phil was confident.

"You are too bloody stubborn," Nicky swore at him as she began to pump again, not holding back the fidgets. Phil gasped repeatedly at the senseations he received as a result of both interrupted sex and additional stimuli due to Nicky's new movements - fidgets - which were the reason he wanted to commit to her for life.

Phil could not possibly keep himself from cumming in the circumstances, and Nicky was quite happy for the repeated pushing against her bladder to cease, thus he released his muscles, immediately cumming with equal ferocity as their first time.

Nicky instantly fell to Phil's side, allowing her to close her legs. She wriggled to begin with, then recovered slightly from the `upset' to her bladder of Phil cumming, settling down to a slow fidget, sweeping her feet in an arc from touching each other to nearly horizontal as she lay facing the ceiling. "Phil... god are you mean," she moaned, "here's me doing my utmost for you and you cum instantaneously! How am I s'posed to enjoy it? Fuck I'm bursting for the loo..."

Phil lay silent for a moment, ignoring the onslaught, unable to believe the enjoyment he had just found. Finally he was able to speak. "After that outburst..." he paused, then burst out laughing, Nicky soon joining him in a fit of giggles.

"Oww, oww, it hurts, I'll piss myself if I laugh!" she complained at his sense of humour, forgetting her previous reason for anger.

"Oh deary deary me," Phil scorned. "Shoudl I get you a bucket and mop?"

"No, but I'm going for a pee."

"Oh no. We're making use of you. You've admitted it's not as bad as last nigth. Or Friday," he finished as he remembered those past glories before Nicky could contradict him.

"You REALLY like this don't you?" she accepted, as her fidgeting settled to a dull blurr. Phil decided this was a rhetorical question, and turned over to attempt to go to sleep. Nicky stared at him for a moment, then curled herself into his shape, placing her knees behind his, her breasts pressed against his shoulder blades, her pubic hair slightly tickling his bottom.

Phil sighed and cuddled himself appreciatively. Nicky pulled the duvet across them both, the mess Phil had caused dripping from her, across her thigh, on to the sheet beneath. She continued to wriggle her thighs and hips due to her need, but accepted the situation - that she would not get to urinate, voluntarily, that night. Just as she began to lose consoucness, she noticed that their sex had taken them only four hours from the last cup of tea of lunch, upto seven o'clock. She didn't understand why she was so desperate after such a short time. She puzzled as she fell asleep.

