Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Male Wetting, Foreplay, and Sex.
I have been living in Portland, Oregon for some time now and I like to go out and have a drink at a bar called Thatcher's. I have never known where the restroom is and as I particularly don't like to use the toilet anyway I have never asked.
Well one day I left home and caught a bus. I stood out at that bus stop for what seemed forever when I began to realize I needed to go pee. I was meeting someone at Thatcher's and didn't want to be late so I decided to wait until I got to the bar and hopefully would find a quiet corner to pee in. As the bus came down the hill I was dancing back and forth trying to keep from peeing my panties. Sitting down inside the bus helped some but the need was pretty great. By the time I got off at my stop I really needed to PEE!!! It was quite a walk to the bar and there were lots of cars driving by and people walking as well. I couldn't find a corner to pee in anywhere. I got to the bar and met my date. As this was a first date I didn't want to make a bad first impression so I decided to wait until I could go pee. This was rather hard to do as we immediately began with a drink. I was squirming all over the stool as I drank my wine when I noticed that my date was looking at me funny. I asked if we could get out of there and he said as soon as he finished his beer. He started to drink it a little faster until it was half gone and then he started asking me questions. He took little sips of the beer as he I answered the questions. I knew I was lost when I felt the first waves of pee splash against my panties. Quickly I thrust my hands between my legs and let out a small gasp. He asked me if I was peeing and I blushed and said yes and that I couldn't stop. He smiled and said he knew I had had to go and found it a big turn on. He asked if he could put his hand down there. By this time I had stopped peeing but still had to go. The need was really urgent! I told him if I removed my hand I would start peeing again. He smiled and said, "Look at me." I looked at his crotch and realized he was pissing his pants as we were talking. I took my hand off my crotch to feel his pants and he put his hand there. When we finished pissing on each other, we left the bar and decided to go to a motel.
I stayed in the car while he got us a room. (He was wearing a long coat so the lady at the motel didn't notice that he had peed himself) When he came back out to the car he asked if I wanted to go straight to the room. I said yes that I had a change of clothes in my bag. I went in the bathroom and changed while he changed in the room.
We were both hungry and so once we were in dry clothes we decided to go to a restaurant and get dinner. We found a little place that had good food and served alcohol so we decided to go there. It was within walking distance and so we decided to leave the car, as we didn't want to get busted for drunk driving. As the meal progressed I felt the urge to pee again but didn't do anything about it. I liked being with him so much I didn't want to excuse myself to go pee. Soon I began to see that he was having a hard time sitting still and I asked if he needed to go pee also. He said yes he did but didn't want to leave me. I asked if he had any more changes of clothes. He told me he had a number of clothes in the trunk of his car. I asked him if he did this a lot and he said yes, that he was prepared for any emergency. Well I sure had an emergency! I needed to pee really bad by this time and wanted to do it in my pants but I wouldn't have any dry clothes after that. I told him this and in his excitement over the situation I saw a dark wet spot grow on the front of his pants. This further excited me and I peed my pants just a little bit. As I was peeing he told me he thought there were some sweats and t–shirts that I could wear in his trunk. When I touched the wet spot on his jeans he got so excited he started peeing right then and there. He gasped and put his hand in my crotch at which point I let loose with a large stream of pee. Oh it felt so sexually stimulating peeing all over his hand and him peeing on mine. After we were thru pissing, we paid the bill and walked back to the hotel. I knew this was going to be a weekend to remember.
When we returned to the motel, we began kissing as soon as the door was closed. The feeling of his tongue in my mouth was almost too much and I began to get really aroused. My nipples grew hard and my pussy began to drip with come. I could feel his hard cock pushing against my stomach. As we broke away to take off our shirts I felt a wave of pleasure shudder thru my whole body and I could barely stand up. He noticed this and caught me under the elbows. When I got a little bit steadier he asked if I was ok. I told him that his kiss had nearly knocked me off my feet. He smiled and said he felt the same way; he gently eased me into a chair and grasped my t–shirt. As he pulled it off me I began to shiver– he asked if I was cold and I told him no that I was getting very excited by the thought of seeing him naked. Immediately he reached for his pants and unbuttoned them. As he pulled his jeans down I saw that he wasn't wearing any shorts. His penis sprang free and I gasped at the sight of it. I grabbed his penis in my hand and I felt it spasm with enjoyment. I noticed a small drop of golden pee on the tip and I asked him if he needed to pee. He said yes but that he didn't think he could, as he was so hard. I got up and took off my pants. As we came together in a hard kiss we moved across the room and wound up on the bed with me on top. He immediately rolled me over and told me he couldn't wait any more. He rose up and put his penis inside me and began moving in and out very slowly. I screamed out his name and told him it felt really good. He began pumping harder and I started to come. I told him I couldn't wait any longer and that I was going to come. He said, "Oh Moonshadow I want to come with you." He began pumping his penis faster and as the tension built I screamed out with my release. At the same time he began to come inside me– it seemed to go on forever. As he finished coming I felt his penis go a little limp and I felt this hot golden rush of pee as he started peeing inside me. I got so excited that I started peeing all over his hard cock. After we finished peeing on each other, we lay in each other's arms and talked about how our first date went. I told him that I was very happy at the outcome and that I would like to repeat the performance. He told me to give him a call anytime I felt the urge to pee and we fell asleep. The next morning I woke to find a very pretty robe and some new clothes. I looked around the room and realized that I was alone. As I lay there I could smell the pee and sex and got so horny that I immediately pissed the bed. When I left the motel after having dressed, I put my hand in my pocket of the dress and there was some notepaper in there. The note read Dear Moonshadow: I hope you enjoyed our first date, and that you liked the dress. I had a lot of fun picking it out for you and sure hope you wear it on our next date. Love,..........
This is only a fantasy although I am considering making it come true. I now reside in Phoenix, Arizona, and although the bar would be different it could work here equally as well as in Portland where the story was written.
By: Moonshadow