Daisy’s Dilemma
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Daisy woke up from her slumber after the last night’s activities. She had gone to the pub with some of her friends and had a great time. She felt her body stirring a little…. she reached down to her stomach, and her bladder was aching for relief… she did not go to the toilet last night and knew she had to go sooner or later.

However, she decided to hold it for a while, so she put her hand between her crotch through her white silk nightie. she was also wearing white cotton panties…. the ones she likes to pee into when she’s in the mood. Of course she wanted to stay in bed, but she knew she had to take care of things. So, after shifting herself, turning to her front, she let go a little pee in her panties. About half an hour later, she got up.

As it was Saturday, she did not have to go to work. She went to the kitchen for some breakfast. she had a bowl of cornflakes to eat and a large glass of orange juice to drink. She was fidgeting a bit, but not too much…yet! Afterwards, she went to the bathroom to have a shower. She rubbed the soap into a lather and rubbed the suds all over herself, her long body, her breasts, her long legs, straight down to her aching pussy. She rubbed it a little, in slow, rhythmic steps… she did not want to bring up her pee just yet.

She went back to the bedroom to change into her clothes. The weather forecast predicted that day to be warm and sunny, so she put on her favourite pink floral dress, which hangs down to the knee. She also put on a pair of white cotton panties. She began to fidget again, but she told herself she would not give in to the need to use the toilet.

She went back to the kitchen to wash the dishes…. she had not done so for a couple of days, just to stop herself wanting to go to the call of nature. She needed to go since early last night, but wanted to hold it. while washing the dishes, she had a spasm in her bladder, and her instinct was to jam her free hand into her crotch. She knew she was close to wetting herself….. too close for comfort. She also did curtsy and crossed her legs. Suddenly, a large stream of pee soaked her panties and seeped into her dress. She gasped, and shut her legs tight. After the spasm passed, she opened her legs and looked down to see a small wet patch, the size of a tennis ball. She then heard the phone ringing in the hallway and answered it. It was from her mother.

Daisy was fidgeting wildly by now, whilst on the phone she was holding herself and crossing her legs. She needed to go, but wanted to hold on…. the conversation was so interesting that she wanted to delay her call to nature.

Eventually, she put the phone down and finished washing the dishes. She then went into the living room to watch television. She sat on the sofa and stared at the box, still holding herself and fidgeting. Suddenly, she gasped again, and another large stream of pee seeped into her dress. She rushed to the toilet after realising she could not stop it any longer. She sat over the toilet seat, lifted her dress, and started peeing through her white cotton panties. They were drenched repeatedly and the pee caused them to turn yellow. After that relief, she had gone to masturbate herself to orgasm.

