Title: Neil's Dream

By: Neil & Rosemary

[Picture supplied by Neil & Rosemary for the benefit of those who don't know the Swedish Royal family]

As the Swedish military helicopter took off from the improvised landing pad, Princess Victoria tightened her seat belt, crossed her long shapely legs, and turned to her companion, Ingrid.

"Was it really necessary to cut the visit short and rush me away like that? It should have been obvious to you that I hadn’t finished there. It was quite embarrassing to be almost dragged away like that."

Ingrid lowered her gaze, feigning an apology, "I’m sorry your highness, but the visit had already run ten minutes over schedule, and with this head wind the pilot has no chance of making up time on the flight." She was three years older than the princess, and had been her chief attendant for several years, and they were firm friends. She used the formal title as a form of rebuke, hinting that her charge should be grateful that there was someone with her to keep track of these boring details. She continued, "I’m sure that a new lager brewing process is far more interesting that a military cadet parade, but you have a duty to your subjects."

"Too right," replied Princess Victoria, "and a first rate lager they are brewing too, if that was a typical sample I tried. But there is no need for you to get all righteous about stopping me enjoying a drink, because I am going to suffer for it, I know very well. It’s a pity you didn’t have your share as well."

"Ma’am, you know I don’t drink on duty," Ingrid replied, and then smiling, added, "Two cases of the lager will be delivered to your residence tomorrow, so I may yet get the chance to try some."

Princess Victoria squirmed in her seat, loosening the seat belt now the helicopter had settled on a level flight. "You seem to be unusually dense this morning, Ingrid, or are you deliberately ignoring the fact that during that last visit I was given two cups of coffee with the board of directors, another coffee with the production manager, two large glasses of lager at the quality control plant, and then rushed onto a helicopter without being offered the opportunity to ‘wash my hands’ or ‘tidy up’ or whatever term is currently being used for me to have a piddle."

Ingrid consulted her notes for the visit. "A cloakroom with toilet, wash basin and mirror was available for your exclusive use at the start of the visit, and you declined to make use of it. There were no suitable facilities in the factory where your visit ended." Princess Victoria glared at her companion. "I saw a considerable number of female employees in the factory, and I assume that they are allowed to piddle during the day, and, surprising as it may seem, a Princess piddles in exactly the same way as any other girl, so don’t give me that stupid excuse."

"Oh come on! If the toilet is not spotless, with a cloth seat cover, full roll of soft pink paper, soap, perfume, clean towels, and no-one else in there, you would create hell. I’ve been doing this job long enough to know the standards you expect."

Victoria nodded her head in tacit assent to this, and then added, "Unfortunately today was an exception, when I would have been prepared to lower my standards somewhat, just, shall I say, to see how my subjects have to piddle."

Ingrid tried not to smile at this magnanimous statement. "Does that mean that your highness would rather like to visit a toilet now?"

"It means," said Victoria rather tersely, "that her royal highness, Princess Victoria of Sweden, is absolutely dying for a piddle, and getting worse by the minute as the lager she has drunk works through her kidneys. How long is this flight? Fifty minutes? It will be coming out of my ears by then, so there had better be some toilet facilities as soon as we land. By then my standards will probably be so low that even a bush would be suitable."

Ingrid consulted her notes for the next engagement and quoted. "Landing on the parade ground, met by commanding officer and deputies, inspection of guard of honour; 3 minutes. Walk 50 metres to saluting base, receive salute from cadet battalions marching past; 10 minutes. Unveiling of commemorative statue, with speeches from C.O. and yourself, prayer and blessing from Chaplain; 12 minutes. Walk to new officers quarters, 85 metres, inspection of typical single and married quarters; 7 minutes. Refreshments served in new officers mess. Unless they have erected a ‘porta-loo’ on the parade ground, it would seem that you probably have 25 minutes and 135 metres walk before there is any chance of a toilet. A number of photographers will be attending, so I would strongly advise your highness not to piddle behind a bush. "

"Oh Christ! I really don’t think I am going to be able to last that long. Is there anything you can do to get me to a toilet any sooner? This could be a serious emergency, I’m not joking you know." Princess Victoria demonstrated the seriousness of her need by pressing her hand between her legs, which had been tightly crossed since the start of the flight.

Ingrid though for several moments before admitting that she could not think of anything she could do to help her Princess get to a toilet before the planned refreshment break, and, while she said nothing to Victoria, she was concerned that the visit notes did not make specific reference to the availability of toilet facilities. This could well mean that nothing had been prepared, and cause Victoria even more misery while the nearest toilet was prepared. There seemed to be a theory in certain quarters that royalty did not ever need to pee, which was certainly not the case with Princess Victoria, whose bladder was smaller than average.

Princess Victoria swore quietly as she considered the prospect of having to survive the start of her next visit without being able to piddle, and then pulled up her grey skirt slightly so she could press her hand firmly between her legs, a clear statement of how badly she wanted to pee.

"I don’t suppose you have anything in your emergency bag that will help me?" she asked.

"Such as?"

"Use your imagination, you know what the problem is. A collapsible bucket? A nurses’ pee bottle? Ten packets of super-absorbent, industrial strength tissues? Extra pairs of knickers? A large cork? This is going to be a real emergency."

Ingrid made a show of looking through the small hold-all she carried, and then held up a pair of bikini knickers. "One out of five. Better than nothing?"

Victoria glanced at them and shrugged. "The same as I’m wearing. They won’t absorb more than a few drops of piddle if I loose it. If the worst happens, at least I have got some dry ones to wear afterwards."

They sat in silence for some minutes, Victoria continuing to hold herself and Ingrid gave her the briefing notes for the next visit, both to take her mind off her bladder, and to stop the pilots seeing her holding her crutch. If Victoria had to hold herself now, while sitting down, then how much chance did she have of containing her pee when she had to walk about in public, when she would not even be able to cross her legs? Ten minutes before they reached their destination she asked Victoria how she was feeling.

"Desperate! Absolutely Desperate! Holding myself has helped ease it a bit, so I am going to be able to manage to hold it back for a bit when I arrive, but who knows how bad it will get if I have to walk and stand about for long. If it gets much worse, I’m not sure how long I will be able to hold it back. I’m just about as desperate as I’ve ever been. If I see any chance at all of getting to a toilet, I’m going to ask, to hell with protocol, I’ve simply got to piddle before I do it in my knickers."

"Look," said Ingrid, "I’m not going to be able to help you at all on that parade ground, so I think the best plan is for me to go straight to that officers quarters you are inspecting, and get a toilet organised there for you, then back-track to the saluting base just in case there is a toilet there you could slip into. If the very worst happens, I’ll be there to walk close behind you and cover up the wet patch on your skirt."

"Nothing like optimism," replied Victoria sarcastically, "you had better keep those knickers handy, I’m probably going to need them later. Have you ever wet your pants in public? I’ve always imagined the piddle would run down your legs, or drip onto the ground, and miss your skirt completely, but I have never done it to try."

"Nor me. I’ve got a pretty good bladder, and you know I don’t like beer, so I have always been OK, even when I’ve been out drinking. The reality of this situation is that somehow you simply have to hold it. A Princess can’t wet her pants in public, it’s absolutely inconceivable, so don’t even entertain the idea. Positive thinking, tell yourself you have no option but to hold it."

"The reality is, I’m desperate for a piddle, my bladder is bursting, full right to the brim, and I’m being dumped in a situation where I can’t get to a toilet for another 25 minutes. Whether I wet my pants or not will probably depend on how much of that time I have to walk or stand, and how long I can sit with my legs crossed." Victoria crossed her legs more tightly, then held her crutch with both hands until the helicopter landed on the edge of the camp parade ground.

"Now Ingrid," she said, "don’t let me down. You have absolutely got to have a toilet set up for me the very second I get in the building, no delays, and no excuses. And make sure its got towels and things so, if the worst has happened, I can dry myself. Get some new tights as well if you can, if I wet myself, they will be soaked as well."

As she stood up to leave the helicopter she took a deep breath and tensed her bladder muscles, preparing for the strain as she had to walk. Ingrid whispered "Good luck!" and as Victoria was greeted by the commanding officer, she introduced herself to one of the visit administrators and asked to see the preparations for the second part of the tour. She had worked for Victoria for three years, and was devoted to her, and if she had been able to do anything to ease her suffering she would. If there had been some magical process where she could have had the entire contents of Victoria’s bladder transferred to her own, she would have willing done so, however desperate she would have been. All she could do was hope Victoria would have the strength to hold on, and to get a toilet ready for her.

As Princess Victoria shook hands with the General, and was then lead away to meet the other senior officers, Ingrid admired the way she was managing to smile naturally, and walk normally, only the purposeful set of her shoulders revealing the strain she was under. As part of her royal upbringing, Victoria had learned all about duty, resolution, self-control, public image, and she was calling on all this training as she was introduced to a number of senior officers, and then walked slowly along the ranks of the guard of honour, commenting on their immaculate turn-out, while most of her attention was devoted to the problem of her bladder. Now she had no assistance in holding back her piddle, her need was far more urgent that it had been in the helicopter.

By the time she had finished the inspection and was walking to the saluting base, she was reaching new levels of desperation, coming close to the point when she was not going to be able to hold it much longer. Walking was just about the worst thing she could be doing, and she wondered if she could possibly manage to hold her piddle until the saluting base. Maybe she would be able to sit for a few minutes there, which would ease the pressure on her bladder. Standing still would be an improvement, even if she could not cross her legs, she could press her thighs together, perhaps even squirm or jig about, anything to help her hold on. Ingrid was right, it was absolutely unthinkable for her to wet her pants, somehow she was going to have to find the resolve and control to hold it. It was easy to say, but could she manage it?

She reached the saluting base more desperate than she would have thought it possible to be, literally thinking that any second she was going to lose control and wet herself, so close that she wasn’t sure if she hadn’t let a few drops leak out. ‘Oh please don’t let that happen, I must be able to hold it back,’ she thought. She stopped for a second, pressed her legs hard together, making some inane comment to explain this, and then, gritting her teeth, walked up the four steps to the saluting rostrum. She could not feel any wetness between her legs, so she must have just managed to hold it, but it had been very close. There were seats there, and she was just about to move to sit down when it occurred to her that if she had leaked at all, then she dare not sit down. She was wearing a tailored, knee length, grey skirt, and if this was pressed against her wet knickers, the wet mark would be so obvious. Unless she was forced to, she was not going to be able to sit.

The General indicated the chairs, "Would your majesty prefer to sit during the parade?" he asked.

"It’s more usual to stand isn’t it?" Victoria replied, "then I will do as everyone else does, I don’t ask for any special treatment." ‘Except a piddle’ she thought, ‘Oh God! If only I could be allowed 2 minutes in a toilet before the parade.’ She pressed her legs hard together, clenched herself shut inside, curled up her toes with the effort she was making, and clasped her hands tightly together in front of her. ‘Ten minutes,’ she thought, ‘ten minutes of this parade, then maybe Ingrid will have organised a break when I can piddle before the statue thing.’ She knew it was a forlorn hope, but she dared not contemplate the alternative of having to wait for 25 minutes, If she could last out ten it would be a miracle, she was trying so hard to contain it, the slightest weakening and she was going to wet herself. She tried to concentrate on the parade, anything to take her mind off how long she was going to have to endure this agony, but how could she ignore such a frantic desire to piddle?

The General was telling her the name of each battalion as it marched past, and she tried desperately to be interested, but her thoughts were dominated by one thing, piddle. Was she the only person here who wanted to go? How many of the cadets parading in front of her were bursting? Were some of the families watching crossing their legs and wondering if they could slip away without being noticed? Probably not, they had all had the chance to piddle before the parade started, it was only the poor Princess who had to wait.

Hoping that everyone was concentrating on the parade, she risked partly crossing her legs, raising one knee in front of the other and twisting slightly sideways. It helped a bit, just enough to enable her to last out a few more minutes. She was moving her knees back and forward, slowly so no-one would notice, she hoped, bending slightly at the waist as she did so and clasping her hands across her throbbing abdomen. Her bladder was absolutely bursting, she could feel the swelling under her skirt, hurting worse than she had ever know it before. Somehow, she held out until the end of the march-past, moving her legs, leaning forward slightly, keeping up a continuous slow squirm that she hope would not be noticed, but it was the only way she could contain the terrible pressure in her bladder.

The parade over, the General was indicating the statue and plaque she was to unveil next, over in the far corner of the parade ground, a long walk and not passing anywhere near any of the buildings. If they did, she thought, she would have asked if she could go inside for a toilet. This would have been a serious breach of protocol, and disrupt the visit, but she was so desperate she would have done almost anything for a piddle. Only when she took the first paces towards the edge of the saluting rostrum did she realise how effective in holding her piddle her squirm had been. Walking was ten times worse, and then the four steps down worse again, and she almost groaned with the sudden intensity of her need. She clenched her fists and concentrated every ounce of her strength on that one spot between her legs, telling herself she absolutely had to hold it.

She visualised her little pale blue knickers, stretched tight between her legs, and how clearly a wet patch would show, telling herself she mustn’t do it, she had to hold it, but the pressure was unbearable and, to her horror, she could not stop herself doing a tiny piddle. She could feel her knickers were wet, but by conjuring up the more frightening image of a wet patch on the back of her skirt, she just managed to get under control again. It looked miles to the statue, and walking made her so desperate she did not think she was going to be able to make it without more leaks. If only she could stop for a moment and twist her legs together, she might regain control, but she was already lagging behind the military stride of the General. She had to walk faster, take longer steps, to keep up, but that make her want to go more, and by the time they reached to statue two more spurts of piddle had soaked into her knickers and were trickling down the inside of her legs.

As soon as she stopped in front of the covered over statue and plaque, she crossed her legs tightly; she had to. Maybe it wasn’t the correct way for her to stand, but piddling down her legs was far less correct, and she had to stop that. She wanted so much to be able to twist her legs together tightly, bend forward, grip her knees or thighs, if not hold her crutch, but this would have been too obvious; all she could do was keep her legs straight and press her thighs and buttocks together and she stood there, hoping that nobody, or not too many people, would guess she was desperate.

The General made a speech, then she had to respond, and becoming the centre of attention, she had to stand normally, naturally, legs slightly apart. She had to speak clearly, in a normal voice, looking and sounding relaxed, when she was more tense than she had ever been, fighting a losing battle to hold in her piddle and trying to ignore the pain from her bladder, which seemed even more swollen. Worse, she had opted to speak without notes, and now she could hardly remember a word of her speech. This was the worst moment of her life, and she only managed her speech at the expense of more piddle escaping into her knickers. Then there was a prayer, and still she could not cross her legs, and when that had finished her legs felt wet to below the knees, and she wondered if it showed on her tights. She dared not look down to see, it would only draw attention to any marks there.

Then she pulled the string that unveiled the statue, a short speech of thanks from the leading cadet, a brief conversation with him and the chaplain, when at least she could cross her legs properly at last, and it was over. Ingrid joined her as they began one of the longest walks of Victoria’s life, as she fought to hold her piddle. She felt so wet down her legs that she was sure that if she leaked any more she would leave a trail of drips, so she was clenching her fists, gripping her skirt, as she walked, making one last great effort to hold out. Ingrid could see the terrible strain she was under, how much effort she was having to make to hold her piddle, and moved closer to whisper encouragement. Because she was looking for it, she had noticed the wet streaks on the inside of Victoria’s legs, but even so, she could hardly believe she had actually wet herself.

"Nothing shows on your skirt," she reassured her. "I have arranged for you to be able to brush your hair and repair you make-up as soon as we reach the officers quarters. I am afraid that it is the men’s toilet; there is a single cubicle but it has not been prepared for your use. I will accompany you in there to check your dress."

As soon as they entered the building Ingrid indicated a door on the left. Victoria put on her most charming smile and asked the General and his party to excuse her for a minute ‘while she tidied herself up’, and followed by Ingrid, forced herself to walk slowly into the toilet. Even before Ingrid had shut the door behind her, Victoria had flung herself into the single cubicle, pulling her skirt up round her waist as she ran, ripping her knickers down as she dropped onto the toilet, finally able to release her piddle, in too much of a rush to bother shutting the door, because nothing mattered to her except her piddle.

Ingrid pulled the cubicle door shut and waited discretely outside until she heard Victoria stand up, when she let the door swing open. Victoria was standing, facing her, skirt up round her waist, looking at her wet knickers and tights which were still round her knees. Ingrid took charge, quickly getting a wet flannel, towels, new tights, and clean knickers.

"Off with them!" she said, "Clean up as best you can in ten seconds, and get these dry things on. I’ll take care of the wet ones. Then just brush your hair, your make-up is OK, be as quick as you can and no-one will even know you have had a piddle."

"So long as no-one knows I have had a piddle in my knickers. There is no shame in using a toilet if one is available. It feels so wonderful not to be desperate any more, I’ll really turn on the charm now, completely dazzle them so they won’t even remember this interruption."

She was changing her tights and knickers as she spoke, then smoothed down her skirt, quickly brushed her hair and washed her hands, then, with a beaming smile (of relief) rejoined the General, leaving Ingrid to hide her wet clothes.

True to her words, Victoria was at her most charming for the remainder of the visit, interested in everything she was shown, making a point of saying something to everyone she met, so her behaviour when she was fighting to control her bursting bladder was forgotten. At the end of the visit, Ingrid was careful to ensure that she had time to ‘refresh herself’ before leaving, using the toilet that had been so carefully prepared for the royal visitor. She was not going to risk being blamed for another desperate incident at the next visit, nor, she suspected, was Victoria going to be hurried into leaving before she had had another piddle. ‘Once bitten, twice shy’ she thought, she would make sure she was specially careful to protect the royal bladder in future.

Neil and Rosemary August 2000.

Note: Those readers who are not Scandinavian, or do not have any contact with the Norwegian/Swedish equivalent of People or Hello may not be familiar with Princess Victoria of Sweden, who is, indeed, a real person. We have sent Thomas a picture of her, which her may, or may not publish along with this story. If this picture is not published, we would encourage you to search the Internet for pictures of this absolutely delectable girl. You might then understand why Neil was so keen to write this story. Victoria has been one of his fantasy girls since he first saw a picture of her. Has she got a small bladder? If only! Even if she has, we are never likely to know, or to see her desperate, but Neil is allowed to dream. (Hence the title.) 

