Title: First Night Nerves

By: Toni

Last Saturday I started my new job as a waitress in one of the local bar-restaurant places. Being a poor student, with a huge overdraft, I had come to the conclusion that I couldn't avoid the 'W' word any more. I wanted to look my best, without looking overdressed, so I wore a black ribbed t-shirt that skimmed my curvy body, and my favourite jeans. They are pale blue Levis, button fly, and fit like a glove; you would have thought that they were a custom made pair, but no, I got them straight off the rack. The day before, I had been shopping in town, and found a brilliant new belt.

It's a red leather affair, and it has star shaped studs along it, three rows, making the belt about an inch and a half wide. It was a bit of a tight fit through the belt loops, but it looked fantastic. I just managed to fasten it, as it has a kind of buckle with little teeth that grip the leather, kind of like the fastener on the straps you use for securing luggage or the like. I looked in the mirror, and flicked my plaited hair over my shoulder. Perfect...

"OK, so that's the 3 Ps Hawaiian Platter and a wedge of bread for starters, tagliatelle carbonara and rump steak with fries for main courses, and a bottle of Lambrusco?" I checked the order on my notepad, and headed for the kitchen. I was pretty tired, and it was only dinner time. I'd been working for three hours, and flopped down in the staff room for my break. As part of my contract, I got a free meal and drinks while I was on duty, so I took full advantage of that clause. Going to the bar, I ordered myself a pint of cider, and headed towards the kitchen to order something with prawns and pasta.

The chef happily russled me up some food, and I sat on the edge of the counter while he cooked. Tipping my head back, I drained the last drops of cider between my red lips, and headed out to the bar again. Better stick to soft ones now, I thought. Not good to get smashed on your first day at work. I ordered a large coke, and the barman, Dave, filled a pint glass for me, winking. We chatted for a while, and I drained most of the glass. Dave filled it up again, and I headed to the kitchen to get my food. Sitting at a spare table, out of sight of any of the paying customers, I gobbled down my food and lit a cigarette. My coke was finished now, and my thirst almost slaked.

Running round after people for three hours while pinning a smile to your face was thirsty work. I decided to finish with a brandy coffee, which I sipped slowly, luxuriating in my final ten minutes before I had to go back to work.

Eventually, my hour was over, and I stood up, draining the remaining half cup of coffee. I felt a slight niggle in my bladder area, but looked at my watch, and decided I could wait for a while. I was already late back on. As I rushed around, I was aware of my bladder filling very rapidly, and within 15 minutes of starting again, I was very desperate. Unfortunately, the evening rush had just started, and every table was full, with people standing and waiting for tables. What was I to do? I couldn't leave the people standing around...

Usually, I would enjoy this feeling of desperation. My fiance and I are serious WS fans, and played games all the time. But this was different. I felt tears form in my eyes as my muscles contracted, and a squirt of pee shot into my white lacy knickers. It was no good, the people would have to wait. Completely frantic by now, I half ran to the staff areas, having to hop from foot to foot as I stopped to open the door. I reached the toilets and rushed into a cubicle. I reached for my belt, my bladder contracting again, harder this time, another rush of pee jetting into the white lace between my thighs.

Damn, why had I worn it. I tugged at the grips, but it was stuck fast, I tugged harder, panic stricked, but all I succeeded in doing was squashing my swollen abdomen, which made me bend double, crossing my legs, my hands jammed deep into my crotch. I could already feel the warm wetness along the inside seam, and felt a few more drops trickle out over my wrists. When I had regained a semblance of control, I took the belt and tried one last time, managing to free the grips. I breathed a sigh of relief, and started to loosen the belt, forgetting the hard time I had had getting it through in the first place. And relaxing was my downfall. I lost all control then, my muscles contracting automatically.

I felt the hot piss pourring down the inside of my legs, over my hands as I grabbed my crotch again, my jeans turning almost black as the golden fluid soaked through the material, running in rivulets down my smooth legs, into my socks and shoes, and pooling around my feet before soaking into the deep burgandy carpet. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop myself, and I must have pissed for the best part of a minute, until that cider, coke and coffee had all escaped. As I felt the last drips escape into my knickers, I surveyed myself. I was soaked completely down both legs, all over my backside, and right up the front to the waist band of my jeans and that cursed belt. When I pulled my t-shirt free, even that was soaked halfway up. Luckily, I had my work tunic on. It covered my jeans almost to the knees, and saved me a little face.

There was no way I could work like this, so I headed off to find my boss, Dann, who was 24 and rather cute. I told him I'd slipped over outside in the rain while taking some stuff out. He didn't say anything accusatory to me, but I had the feeling that he not only knew what had happened, but enjoyed the thought as well! He told me to go home and change, seeing as my shift was almost over anyway, and that he'd see me the next day. I pulled on my coat, and slipped out the back of the pub. But I didn't go home... I headed round to my fiance's house. And we didn't sleep that night...

