Melissa crossed her legs and tried to look normal as she listened to the professor and took notes, but beneath her desk she was more than distracted. All the coke she had at lunch was now anxious to leave her body and her bladder was filled to the max. She squeezed her thighs together and tried to ignore the pressure between her legs and pay attention to the professor instead. She glanced up at the clock on the wall – 30 more minutes until this class was due to get out. She hoped the lesson would be short and the professor would let the class out early.
Mother Nature was offering no assistance as a heavy rain fell steadily outside the window to her right. The constant sound of rain on the roof and splashing was only making Melissa's problem even worse. It had been pouring all day and there was no indication that it would end anytime soon. Melissa happened to remember that she forgot her umbrella in her room this morning and would have to walk back to her dorm through the rain. "Great," she thought, "What else can go wrong?" Ten minutes passed and Melissa was beginning to worry about her ability to wait until class ended to go to the bathroom. She could get up to leave at anytime now that she was in college, but she didn't like to miss notes and there was only 20 minutes left in class anyway. Then she thought about wetting her pants in front of the class and decided it wouldn't be worth the risk. As she put her pencil down and was about to get up to go to the bathroom, the professor announced that he didn't have much else for the day and that class would get out early. Relieved, Melissa decided she could wait. She re–crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together as the professor gave the class a reading assignment and everyone began to put their books into their bags and rise to leave. She put her notes into her folder and leaned over to slide the folder into her backpack – as she did her right leg and butt lifted off of the seat, momentarily releasing her hold on her bladder. She gasped and held her breath as she felt a spurt of pee leak out into her panties. She sat back down quickly, stopping the flow. Only a second or two had escaped before she regained control. She looked down between her legs and saw no wet spot. She breathed a sigh of relief, made sure she had control once again, picked up her bag from the floor and stood to leave.
She left the room and turned towards the bathroom down the hall. When she turned the corner by the bathroom she was horrified to find them locked with a sign reading "Closed for Renovation." Her heart sank slightly in her chest. The next nearest bathroom was over in the next building, but she was finished with classes for the day and decided that heading back to her dorm room was a better idea. It was only a block away, she figured. Another strong urge convinced her to start walking.
She headed for the exit and tried not to seem too desperate. Her jeans were tight and every step placed a little more pressure on her full bladder. She tried taking shallow breaths to keep from expanding her stomach too much, but it didn't help her much. She got to the door and looked outside. Rain was pouring, puddles covered the ground and the wind blew the rain at an angle. Another short spurt of pee shot into her panties. She held her breath and grabbed her crotch. She could now feel the wetness in the crotch of her jeans with her fingers. It was only a small area of wetness, but she knew it would get bigger any minute if she didn't get back to her room very soon. A boy opened the door to get into the building from outside, momentarily glancing at her as she held her hand at her crotch. She realized he was looking and quickly stepped out the door and into the rain.
She ran out onto the sidewalk, feeling the rain falling on her head and shoulders. She tried to avoid the large puddles but it was almost impossible. Every running step she took splashed water up onto her ankles and lower legs. Soon the rain soaked the top of her shirt and the bottom of her jeans. The wetness was more than she could take. Every step she took caused another spurt of pee to leak into her panties. After a few more steps the spurts were becoming more constant and she could feel the warmth beginning to spread from her crotch to the top of her thighs. There was another building to her right. She turned towards it and stopped against the wall, turning her back to the wall as she lost control. 
Pee flooded into her jeans. The wet spot began to grow between her thighs – up her crotch and back, down both legs. She held her breath and looked around as she let her bladder empty. Luckily the rain had most people inside so there were no witnesses. She looked down and watched the wet stain spread down her legs until it merged with the splashes from the puddles above her ankles. She had never felt more relieved or embarrassed in her life. College girls aren't supposed to piss themselves, she thought. 
As her pee slowed to a stop she now began to worry about what to do. Even with the rain stains all over her it was still quite obvious that she had wet her pants. Her only hope was to walk slowly through the rain and hope that enough drops would find her to blur the evidence of her accident. She walked slowly through the rain, miserable and embarrassed until she reached the safety of her room.
Sentinel Chicken