Jane's Despair (Third Story About Jane)

By John

Well, time passed. Though Jane remained quite shy about it, she felt able to make little jokes about going to the toilet. She also soon realised that it turned me on if she needed the loo and when we were alone together she would often delay going until she was fidgeting about, sometimes adding to my pleasure with whispered comments such as "I'm dying to spend a penny" or "Ooooh! I do want to go to the Little Girls' Room".

One evening a month or two later Jane was again back at my flat and, things having progressed a little, we were lying in bed after a heavy petting session. She was sitting up in bed smoking a cigarette and rather aimlessly putting on her face. She had been shifting up and down for some time and had grown very quiet when suddenly, after an especially violent fidget, she grimaced and said "I want to go to the toilet ever so badly".

From her worried tone I knew she had left it longer than usual and it was with added excitement that I reached under the bed-sheets to touch her legs, now moving restlessly about. None too soon (from her point of view) she finished her make-up and after only the most cursory kiss and cuddle she got out of bed, reached for her clothes and quickly had to sit down on the edge of the bed. She sat there bouncing up and down as she fastened her suspender belt, stood up briefly to pull on her panties, then straightway had to sit down again. Plaintively she looked at me and asked "Can I just put my skirt and blouse on and finish dressing when I've been to the Ladies? I'm absolutely desperate."

Somehow I persuaded her she should get dressed first before going down the corridor. "All right", she gasped; "you'd better pass me my stockings". She was sitting on the edge of the bed, rocking to and fro, her hands under her thighs and and as I moved over the room to fetch her nylons I saw her shove one hand between her legs, something I'd never seen her do before.

She removed the hand when she saw me watching and was squirming about, her knees knocking together, when I handed her the stockings. "I'm only going to fasten one suspender on each", she said, starting to pull on the stockings. She couldn't stand still and kept having to sit down - in fact it took her much longer than usual to fasten her stockings - and at one stage she had to let go of the suspender clip to shove a hand between her legs again, furtively holding herslf as she rocked backwards and forwards.

"Can you fasten my bra for me?" asked - but it was quite difficult to help her, she was fidgeting about so much. "Sit still", I said. "I can't" she replied. "I'm desperate." Her blouse was on another chair and she walked feverishly up and down while putting it on, getting some of the buttons muddled up in the process. Almost running on the spot, she turned away from me in embarrassment, then hurriedly sat down again, now openly holding herself. I handed her her petticoat. "No, that'll have to wait", she gasped. "I'm, sorry, I'll just put my skirt on. I just have to get to the toilet." But even putting her skirt on was difficult and she had to sit down a couple of times while doing so. Still fastening the zip of her skirt she rushed to the door, only to find it locked!

With her concentration elsewhere I'd surreptitiously taken the key out of the door and put it on the table. "Don't play games, John," she cried, real concern in her voice, hopping frantically from one foot to the other. Relenting, I unlocked the door, and she fled; a few seconds later I heard the slam of the lavatory door. She was gone quite a while and when she returned was flushed, ruefully grinning. She hitched up her skirt and pulled on her waist slip, tidied up her make up and was soon ready to go. We embraced for a minute or two and I fondled her bottom.

She didn't seem so keen as I slipped a hand under skirt, saying "we need to get to the station soon" and as my fingers reached above her stocking tops I realised why. Her pants were wet through. "Darling," I gasped, "Your knickers are all damp." She went scarlet with embarassment and tried to break away from me. I managed to keep my hand up her skirt a moment longer. "Jane - you've wet yourself", I said, almost in disbelief. Then she did break away from my embrace, quietly gathered her things together and got ready to leave. She wasn't angry - we held hands all the way to the station - but steadfastly refused to talk about her accident.

It wasn't until the next week that I was able to get her to talk about it. "I just about got to the toilet", she said. "Then as I was closing the door it sort of happened - I just couldn't get my knickers down in time".

"Is that the most desperate you've ever been?" I asked, trying to pump dark secrets out of her. "No I think I've been worse than that", she murmured. And after a little persuasion she went on to tell me of walking home from a party with three girl friends when she was about 16. "I'd been dying for a wee since leaving my friend's place and then we stopped for a cigarette and a laugh in a churchyard. I was just desperate and - I couldn't hold on. It's lucky it was dark."

We were holding hands, intimate in our talk, in her shy disclosure. "Shall I tell you the worst time of all?" she asked. I put my arm round her while she paused, perhaps summoning up the courage to tell me the secret. "Do you remember the first time we went out together. When we went to the pictures and then had a drink and then a cuddle in the park". "Then we had to walk across town to the bus station for your bus home", I said. "Were you desperate then?"

She laughed nervously. "I wanted to go when we left the cinema but didn't like to ask - there was something about you that made me shy. Then we had a drink and by the time we were cuddling in the park I was really dying to go. Then the toilets in the town centre were closed - I'd been banking on them - and we still had a fifteen minute walk to the bus station. By the time we got there I was almost beside myself. I thought we'd never get there. Then I had to hang around while you looked at the timetable. Honestly, I thought I was going to wet my pants. I don't know what I'd have done if the bus station Ladies had been closed. I couldn't have waited." She put her head shyly on my shoulder, then looked up at me. "Couldn't you tell?"

I shook my head, for I'd never even noticed. I suppose I'd been as shy as Jane. Anyway, I knew that I was having my reward, and the feel of that warm, soaking wet gusset was fresh in my mind. It has remained with me all these years.

