Jailhouse Devastation
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Desperate Dan 

Cindy was squirming as the officer opened the back door of the police car and let her out. As he escorted her to the courtroom she quietly cried. "You may go stand at the defendant's table" instructed the officer.

Cindy slowly walked forward to the table and stared up at the judge, he looked so intimidating sitting there in his robe. "Miss Gorman, you are charged with going 50mph in a 30mph zone, how do you plead?"

"Guilty" she replied meekly as she looked at the floor. Cindy knew she deserved a ticket but she was scared because she had been given several tickets already, hence the reason for being arrested and taken straight to court. She knew that the judge could take away her driver's license or even send her to jail after so many tickets. Cindy realized she should have known better but she was in such a hurry to get home to use the bathroom after her last class of the day at college that she had just forgotten to look at her speedometer.

"I see you have four other speeding tickets this year and two more from last year on your driving record, that makes this an aggravated moving violation. You don't seem to be learning from your previous mistakes, I'm going to have to make the penalty for this one severe." The judge paused for a moment before continuing "I am going to fine you $2000, that is one-hundred dollars for each mile per hour over the speed limit."

Cindy began to sob "Your Honor, I can't afford $2000; I am in college and work a part-time job at minimum wage!"

"Then I sentence you to spend twenty days in jail if that would be better" replied the judge. Her mind was reeling, she didn't have $2000 but if she went to jail for twenty days she would lose her job and fail all of her courses.

"What will it be?" demanded the judge "the fine or jail?"

"Is..is..is..Is there anything else? I'll get fired and fail my classes if I go to jail" she stammered.

"If you agree to be on the chain gang while you are in jail you can get time taken off your sentence. For each day you spend on the chain gang you can get one day taken off the remainder of the sentence. I know that the university has spring break next week so you will not miss any classes all week. If my calculations are right you would only have to miss one day of college if I send you to jail today and you sign up for the chain gang during your booking."

"I guess I will take the jail time and be on the chain gang." No sooner had the last word left her mouth when the judge banged his gavel and the officer grabbed her arms and put them behind her and clicked on the handcuffs. He led her to a small holding cell and told her that a jail guard would come get her in a little while to take her to be booked in.

Cindy's sobs turned to a full wail as the cell door slammed shut. As the tears flowed down her face Cindy realized she would still miss work, she would be fired! "I should have taken the fine and just asked my parents for cash" she thought. "Oh well" she sighed "at least I won't fail college."

As she sat in the holding cell she came to another realization; she still had to use the restroom, it had been at least two hours since she had been stopped by the officer and she still hadn't been able to go. Cindy began to wonder how long it would be before the guard came to get her. There was no toilet in the holding cell, even if there was it wouldn't have mattered, she was still handcuffed behind her back and she had no way to take down her tight jeans without her hands to undo the button.

After what seemed like an eternity of squirming the door finally opened. "I have to use the bathroom!" Cindy exclaimed as soon as she saw the guard's face.

"You'll just have to be patient" the guard answered. "There are lots of other prisoners to be booked in ahead of you and you will just need to wait until it is your turn. You are only allowed to relieve yourself after you are placed in your assigned cell once you're booked in. Now please follow the rules while you wait in the Intake Room."

With that, Cindy was walked down a long hall and was taken to a large room full of other prisoners. There were about twenty-five other prisoners, men and women, standing along the walls, all handcuffed behind their backs, just like Cindy. "Just stand still with your back against the wall and don't speak" ordered the guard.

"But I really have to pee! I'll wet my pants if I don't get to the bathroom soon. Please let me use the toilet," she begged.

"You need to wait until you have been booked. Prisoners are sent through the process in the order they were brought in, you just need to be patient" the guard said. "I must hear at least ten people a day claim they need the toilet and MOST of them are able to hold it. The arrest report says that you are twenty-two years old, just act like an adult and follow directions."

She wasn't comforted at all by the word "MOST." She glanced at the clock on the wall and realized that it had now been three hours since she had been arrested. Cindy had never had to hold her bladder this long before, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could control it. The pressure around her crotch was unbelievable; she just wanted to put her hand between her legs to help hold it all in, but the cold metal of the cuffs kept her hands secured behind her and utterly useless. The squirming only helped a little, the pain of her full bladder was fast becoming unbearable.

"I have to PEE!!!" she wailed. With that the heads and eyes of all twenty-five other prisoners turned to look at her.

"NO TALKING" yelled one of the guards. "And stand still too, if you don't stop squirming and start following the rules you will have to be taken back to a disciplinary cell, if that happens it will be at least three more hours before you can get back in line to start the booking process again.

Three more hours just to end up here again was more than Cindy could comprehend. She would surely wet herself if she had to wait three more hours. "I'm sorry" she mumbled. As her apology left her mouth she realized that the other prisoners were still staring at her. Her admission had just made her the entertainment for the other prisoners. She could see in their eyes that they wanted to watch the cute college girl disgrace herself. She would just have to try to make it to the front of the line.

After about forty-five minutes Cindy made it to the front half of the line. There were still ten people in front of her and at least ten more had been brought in and were standing in line behind her. "I have to go to the bathroom." Cindy couldn't believe what she had heard. The statement had come from the woman at the very end of the line. As the guards began to yell at the woman Cindy was secretly glad that this woman would now be the one the other prisoners would focus on for their entertainment.

The other woman was about thirty-five years old and dressed similar to Cindy in jeans and a tight t-shirt. "Do not speak!" The woman's face began to flush as the guard yelled at her. You need to stand still and keep your mouth shut. We already explained the toilet procedure to you. Since you are the second prisoner in less than an hour to need this lecture I feel I must remind you AND prisoner Gorman that if you speak, fail to stand still, or if you soil your clothing you will be taken back to a disciplinary cell where you will have to be strapped down to the floor until you are willing to comply with the rules.

Now it was Cindy's turn to blush again. The guard had just reminded the ten prisoners in front of her and now told the new prisoners behind her of Cindy's desperation. Cindy could feel the tears start to flow again as she looked down at the floor in shame.

For the next fifteen minutes Cindy sobbed softly, she didn't dare cry out loud for fear of violating the "silence" rule. As Cindy waited she would occasionally look at the other woman at the back of the line. Cindy could see the woman squirming, she was obviously crying too. Cindy could also see that the other prisoners were paying attention to both desperate women, they were still entertainment. Cindy knew that every wiggle and squirm either woman made aroused the twenty or so male prisoners who were watching. She could also see the five other handcuffed women were relieved that the plight of the two desperate women kept the eyes of the men off of themselves.

As Cindy hung her head again she was devastated to see a small damp patch between her legs. She had started to pee and hadn't even realized it. It was only a small spurt and she hoped the guards wouldn't notice. The realization caused Cindy to cry louder.

"Be quiet, you are almost to the front of the line. There are only three people ahead of you!" The barking of the guard took Cindy by surprise and she jumped.

"I have to stay still and stop crying out loud" Cindy thought as she jumped at the guard's yelling. That is the moment she felt the warmth in her crotch and then felt it begin to spread to the inside of both thighs and creep half way up her buttocks. "Oh my god! I'm peeing in my jeans!" The warmth continued to flow downward, and then she heard it, the sound of her own urine trickling from the bottom of her pants and onto the floor. As she looked down at the puddle she heard two more sounds; one was the screaming of the guard, the other was the laughter of more than twenty-five people.

As she looked around she realized that the only three people not laughing were the screaming guard, the desperate woman behind her in line, and Cindy herself. She counted twenty-four laughing prisoners and seven laughing guards.

The angry guard grabbed Cindy from the line and began to drag her to another cell at the beginning of the hallway. The guard stopped after a few feet, right in front of the other woman. "I want you to take a good look at this wet prisoner. If you don't want to end up like her you need to stand still, keep quiet, and maintain your hygiene. It may also interest you to know that the puddle created by prisoner Gorman now means that the line will stand still until one of the trustees arrives to clean the floor. Her accident means you have to wait even longer. Good luck holding it!"

With that Cindy was dragged over to the cell. "Disciplinary Holding Cell" was written on the door. As it was opened Cindy was horrified to see that it was nothing more than a seven foot by seven foot room with leather belts fastened to the floor. The guards made her lay on her back and secured her to the floor with the belts. "You can lay and think about what you are doing here, someone will be back in a few hours when we have time to deal with difficult prisoners like you."

As the door slammed shut Cindy could only smile, it was the first time in hours that her bladder didn't hurt. She was also relieved to be away from the eyes of the other prisoners who had watched her struggle with, and fail to maintain, control of her own body. The only sad moment of the next few hours came as she heard the intake area erupt in laughter and the distinct crying of the other woman, followed by the sound of a screaming guard and the slamming of the cell door across the hall.

Coming soon: Part 2 - Chain Gang Humiliation

