Title: Rachel's Photo

By: Toni

Rachael looked around. It was July, and the photographer had decided to do the shoot on the sandbanks of the nearby coastline. The yellow sand stretched for miles either way, and, with the tide out, the best part of a mile to the water's edge. This part of the coastline was the private property of the extremely well-off editor of a popular girlie magazine, and this shoot just happened to be for the aforementioned mag. "Glamour" modelling, as the photographer preferred to call it, had been a dare from a friend. She had entered a competition after a heavy night on the town and forgotten all about it until she had been asked to come in to do a shoot with the five other finalists for the readers to pick their favourite.

The only stipulation that had been made was that the entrants should all be amateur.

Rachael sat down on the sand and waited while the crew set up their equipment. The others seemed already acquainted, and made no effort to include Rachael into the conversation. From the snatches of speech she heard, it was obvious that they had all modelled at some time in their pasts, although this had been strictly forbidden. Rachael cleared her throat as the group's cigarette smoke drifted her way and stretched out on the sand. She was tall, around 5 foot 10, with legs that went up to her armpits as her mother had used to tease. Her main problem with her body was that she was built like a stick insect, and had a lot of problems getting clothes to fit a size 8 that were long enough. At the moment, she was wearing very short denim cut-off shorts, a red shirt tied at the waist over her bikini top and strappy sandals.

She wished she had a few more curves though, and envied her best friend who was several clothes sizes bigger, but at least had enough to warrant the use of a bra. Reaching over for her bag, she pulled out the bottle of coke and took a big swig. It had taken them two hours in a van with no air conditioning to get to the beach, and she was parched. After another mouthful, she replaced it, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. A faint signal from her bladder made her rearrange her shorts slightly, but she decided it was nothing to worry about. After all, they weren't exactly miles from civilisation and she was sure she could wait until lunchtime, when they were going to the pub for a meal. Rachael was embarrassed about her bodily functions, and had developed excellent self-control to prevent herself from divulging her need; when she was desperate, though, she had to concentrate to stop herself from fidgeting. She looked at her watch. It was just after 10.30am.

After struggling to get the tripod steady, the photographer, Mark, headed over towards the group. He began telling them about the itinerary for the day. Rachael drifted off into her thoughts, nodding at appropriate moments, and only listening properly at the sound of her own name. Apparently, she was the third of the models to be photographed. Mark was the kind of bloke Rachael was attracted to - dark haired, tall, big brown puppy dog eyes. She wondered what he would be like if he weren't taking pictures of semi-naked women for a living. Sighing, she pulled a book out of her bag and started reading, taking regular sips of coke. As she finished the first 500ml bottle, she smiled ruefully to herself, thinking that she should get shares in Coca-Cola. She pulled another bottle free and started drinking, not wanting to get dehydrated in the sun.

About an hour passed, and she became aware that the niggles in her bladder were becoming more frequent. She shifted onto her side. This movement served to squeeze her thighs together, just a little, and it silenced her body's protests quite effectively. By now, on her third bottle, she was definitely becoming fuller than she would have liked. Turning her head, she called over to one of the other models, a buxom redhead.

"What time is lunch?" she asked. The redhead didn't move from her back where she was catching some rays.

"About half one."

Rachael looked at her watch. Quarter to twelve. She shifted uncomfortably. She thought that she could last for a couple of hours if she had to, but she knew that it was going to be a struggle. Deciding to take her mind off things, she sat up and tucked her book away. As she stood up, a strong spasm hit her and she had to squeeze her thighs together until it had passed. This was going to be a long wait. She walked off down the beach, trying to look relaxed while the muscles in her stomach couldn't have been tenser. As she rounded the top of a dune and descended the other side, she quickly checked that no-one was looking. When she was certain that she was alone, she bent double and grabbed her crotch with both hands, squeezing them hard between her legs.

She looked around quickly, and bit her lip. She knew that if she didn't find a toilet soon, she would probably wet herself, but the thought of asking for someone to take her back to the town was almost as mortifying. Her only solution was to crouch down right here and go. She hadn't peed outdoors since she was a kid, and she wasn't sure if she could now, but it was her only chance to avoid embarrassment. Scanning the area constantly, she loosened the leather belt on her shorts, and unbuttoned them. Just as she was about to ease them down, she heard Mark calling her name. She jumped, and almost lost control, crossing her legs tightly.

"Coming!" she called back. She stood there, wondering desperately what to do. Quickly she lowered her shorts and bikini bottoms and crouched in the sand. She thought she would cry with frustration, especially when her body refused to co-operate. She tried pushing, but this just made the pressure greater, and she only managed to let a little dribble of pee go, nowhere near enough to make a difference.

"Rachael, are you coming or what?" Mark called, irritably. Rachael jumped up, yanking her shorts up. He sounded as if he were right behind her. She appeared over the dune, and headed back towards the group.

"At last!" he said. "I thought you'd left us." Mark began to set her up for shots, starting with some of her as she was. As he was checking the light, she glanced at her watch. To her shock, it was only 12:30, and at least another hour before lunch time.

"If you're bored, I'm sure we could send you home on the train or something." Mark said sarcastically. Rachael swallowed, and tensed her thighs. The shoot progressed, as she removed first her shirt, then her leopardskin bikini top. As she reclined against a dark blue dinghy propped up for the photo, her head dropped back, her back arched to push her breasts up and one knee bent, she was overcome by an incredible contraction of her bladder. To her horror, felt a dribble of piss leak into her bikini bottoms. She clamped her muscles as tight as she could until the spasm died down.

Rachael was frantic by now. She had never been this desperate to pee in her 19 years, ever. On a scale of one to ten, she was about 11, and knew she wasn't going to hold on much longer. She arched her back a little harder, which tilted her hips, and provided a morsel of relief from the pressure in her crotch. She was glad she had learnt to control her fidgeting, because by now she would have been hopping from foot to foot. She had to stand up as Mark directed her for the next photos, her legs twisted together hard. She tucked her thumbs into her pockets and pulled her shorts away from her stomach. She could see that it was swollen over her distended bladder.

Rachael was filled with horror as Mark described what he wanted her to do.

"Well, come on then!" he chided impatiently. This girl could be so promising, if only she'd loosen up a bit, he thought.

Rachael crouched down in front of the camera, her long blonde hair falling in front of her face. She knew that all would be lost if she were to spread her thighs apart as he wanted. Sliding a hand down her stomach, she covered her crotch with her palm and pressed hard as she parted her legs for the photo. She lasted long enough for Mark to get one photo before she had to clench her legs together to stop herself letting go.

"Rachael, don't!" he called out, standing up with a hand on his hip.

"I can't help it!" she yelled back, not caring what he thought any more. "I'm absolutely bursting for the toilet, and I'm going to wet myself if you make me do that again."

"Rachael, just do it." he said. "All I want are a couple more photos, and then you can go relieve your bladder." Reluctantly, she crouched down again, on the verge of tears.

"Put a leg out to the side while the other is bent," he ordered from behind the viewfinder. She obliged, feeling her control slipping. She bit her lip as first one spurt, then another, and another escaped, soaking her bikini bottoms. Rachael tried frantically to stop the flow, but this just hurt as her bladder kept contracting. She let go, acquiescing to her body, and the golden fluid poured out into her bikini bottoms.

A dark spot developed between her legs, spreading up around the zip. Drops ran along the seam and dripped from her backside onto the sand. As the pale blue denim became saturated and darkened, rivulets of pee started to run down her thigh, a stream flooding straight down onto the sand. Mark rapidly took shot after shot of her, feeling himself get hard. Rachael gave up trying to stem the flow. It felt so good to feel the pressure ease, and strangely erotic to be pissing into her shorts.

After what seemed like forever, the stream slowed, and then stopped. Rachael remained crouched as the wet material dripped onto the sand, and then slowly straightened up. As the material pulled tight over her backside, small trickles ran down her thighs. She turned, looking over her shoulder. The back of her shorts was soaked up to the waistband, and Mark got a stunning photo. She looked at him, glancing down at the bulge in his jeans, and smiled. Maybe this wasn't all bad after all.....

