A couple of days after the beach showers happening, I was in my study when the phone rang. "Hello" I said and a voice the other end replied in soft seductive tones "Hi big daddy. How are you today then?" It was Josie. "Charlene and I were wondering how you enjoyed our little adventure on the beach the other day?" she continued.
"Well, erm, just fine," I said, a little shocked from her forwardness. "No! More than that," I continued, "I found it absolutely marvelous. Thank you."
Josie went on to tell me that their mum & dad had gone away for the weekend and that they had the place all to themselves. "We wondered whether you would like to come over and play rude with us," she asked.
"Yeah, please do if you possibly can," pleased Charlene, cutting in on the conversation on the extension. "Our bladders are starting to get really full, and it would be a shame to waste all that nice warm water wouldn't it?"
"Well, erm let me see now," I responded, not wanting to sound too eager, even though I could scarcely wait to join them. "I don't think I have anything I desperately need to do right now. I will just leave a note for Emily and I will be with you in about five minutes."
I put the phone down and hastily scribbled a note for my wife, who was out shopping, saying something had cropped up and I had been called away to a job urgently and would be back a while later. I locked up, dove into the car and drove as quickly as I could to Charlene & Josie's place, my cock swollen and throbbing all of the time, begging for release. I also began to feel a slight pressure in my bladder but that was of no worry to me.
I arrived at their house and parked on the drive. Eagerly I rang the doorbell, my cock still throbbing. Charlene answered the door, dressed in a seductive short nightie, and let me in. As we walked down the hallway she gently brushed her hand past my cock almost accidentally. I looked at her and smiled and she said, "My, my, who's a big boy this morning then?" We entered the lounge where we found young Josie lying seductively on the settee in the same attire as Charlene. "Guess who's a really big boy this morning?" Charlene asked her. Josie's eyes lit up and she reached out and stroked my heavily engorged member through my Levis.
"Steady on," I cautioned her urgently "or I'll be shooting my load in my pants."
"Best we get them off you quick then," she said, promptly undid them and pulled them down. Within no time at all, all three of us were completely naked in the girls' lounge.
"Come on Josie," Charlene said, "We'll get us all some drinks." The girls headed off out of the room and came back a few minutes later with three ice–cold lagers. "These will loosen us up and help getting things started," said Charlene. We drank down the lagers thirstily.
"OK, are you ready for a game of R–U–D–E?" Josie spelled out.
"Yeah, Yeah. I hastily replied, my cock throbbing violently with anticipation.
"OK. Here's what we're gonna do," she began. "We're all gonna strip off completely and we're gonna go into the tent that's in the garden. That way any little accidents aren't going to stain mum's carpets or anything. We've got a couple of big jugs of ice cold water out there ready, and what we're gonna do is have a "see who holds it the longest" game. We'll all sit on the chairs there and every 10 minutes we'll all drink a glass of water. The last one to pee is the winner. Just one more rule– no touching yourself or anyone else. It's gonna be strictly muscle and bladder control."
"Hang on," I said. "We're starting off at different levels. You may have had a pee just before I came along. That isn't fair."
"No we didn't, in fact we're both starting to feel a bit full up ourselves," said Josie.
"That's right," agreed Charlene, "And don't forget we're identical twins so we feel each other's discomforts as well as our own, where you only have your own feelings to worry about."
"OK then," I agreed, and we all stripped off and went out to the tent. We sat there talking and drinking a full glass of water every time the kitchen timer rang, which was at 10–minute intervals.
After about half an hour it was obvious each of us was feeling the pressure. "Oooooh Ooooh Ohhhhh," we groaned and rocked back and forth on our chairs, the plight of each of us affecting the others.
"Noooo Nooo, Ooooh!" groaned Charlene and she half stood up to do a pee–pee dance.
"No touching!" snapped Josie as Charlene went to rub her pee hole with her right hand.
"Beastly cow," she snapped back and carried on her dance. Very shortly Josie was joining her in the dance. I was bursting too and my engorged cock was throbbing wildly as I kept twitching it to control the pressure.
"Noooooooooooo!" squealed Josie "I can't. It's not f–f–f–fair." And she started to dribble. Eagerly Charlene and I gazed at her pee hole as little drops of golden nectar dripped out, then somehow she managed to control herself and stop the flow.
"Josie was the first, Josie was the first," chanted Charlene. This was followed by "Ooooh–ohh–nnooooo," as she dribbled a bit too. Several large drops of pee exuded from her pee hole followed by a tiny stream before she brought herself under control. The sight of these two sexy young blondes with pee droplets looking like golden jewels sparkling among their pubes was simply wild and ecstatic.
"I guess that makes me the winner then," I exclaimed, somewhat surprised. "Come on the, bollocks to the game, let's get on with it everyone," and with that we all ended up in a big heap on the floor, and soon there were three streams of golden nectar flowing over all of us, bodies mingled together as we each warmed ourselves on each other's pee. After we had well and truly emptied ourselves we had a huge sex session, each of us coming several times, making lots of noise and groaning.
Afterwards we all showered together hugged and kissed passionately, and collapsed on the king sized bed. An hour or so later Charlene announced, "Come on everyone. We're going into town now for another game, this time in public," but that's another story.
Gopher