Two Tourists - A tale and a sequel (part 5)

By Francine 

Chapter 5. Morning

Irma awakened suddenly in the morning when she heard a banging on her cell door. A male guard held a tray, quite like the one she had received the night before. As he gave her the tray, he gestured for her to give him her blanket. She hesitated and drew back, but he was clearly insistent, and she relented, handing it to him. She sat on the cot, naked, to eat her breakfast. She was unable to discern the time, but the dim sunlight coming through the window suggested that it was quite early.

She washed herself as best she could, and used the toilet, wondering what she would have to face. She had not long to wait.

Shortly afterwards, a uniformed male guard came and unlocked her cell door. He took her roughly by the arm, and pushed her down the hall. As she passed other cells, she saw several male prisoners staring at her naked body as she passed. The men, she noted, were all wearing clothes.

Irma was taken up the stairs and down a hall to a large room, where she was roughly pushed inside and the door closed behind her. The room was large and well lit, but with only benches along two walls and a small table at one end. There was one other occupant, a woman somewhat younger than Irma, slender, with dark hair, huddled on a bench, and just as naked as she was.

The woman, Irma found, spoke no English, but Irma discerned she was another prisoner, probably a local. The two of them waited, and in a few minutes two more women were brought into the room, both naked. Within a few minutes there were others. When the last arrived, there were a total of eight, besides Irma. Not one had a stitch of clothing, a piece of jewelry, a hair ribbon, or anything else on their bodies whatsoever. All were completely bare. 

Irma surveyed the group she had joined. Two were quite young, probably in their twenties, and fairly good looking. Another somewhat plumper woman was probably close to Irma's age, and the others appeared to be older. Three, Irma guessed, were middle-aged, forties or fifties. One was quite slender with very small but drooping breasts, another rather matronly, sporting a bit of a paunch, a great bush of pubic hair, and rather large sagging breasts; and the third, also a bit on the heavy side, had long gray hair. One woman was relatively young, perhaps thirty, but quite fat, with heavy thighs and large breasts. The last woman was clearly the oldest, probably seventy or so. She was not especially small, but wrinkles were evident in her skin, spotted with brownish age blotches. Her small breasts sagged noticeably so that the nipples pointed downward, and her hair was almost white and cut short. 

The slender one with the smallish breasts spoke a bit of English, and Irma attached to her, hoping for some interpretation of what might be said.

Two uniformed females came into the room, pushing a cart on which were set nine large plastic containers, filled with water. The containers were clearly marked to show a two-liter content. The women in the room were called to queue up, and each was handed a container. The English speaker, who Irma learned was Titania, told Irma that they were being told to each drink a container of water - and "not to leave a single drop!"

Irma began to sense that they were being filled up in order to create a need to urinate. She was glad she had relieved herself before leaving her cell. As the women were drinking the water, the two female guards watched to insure none was spilled and none was left. Simultaneously, a roll of light steel chain was brought into the room, with a box of padlocks. Two male guards went to work with the chain. The women were lined up, and starting with the first in line, the chain was passed around her waist, padlocked in place, and about a meter of chain measured out before it was passed around the waist of the next woman, then again padlocked in place. Eventually all nine women were chained together, in a line, spaced about a meter apart. A length of chain had been left hanging in front of the first woman, apparently to be used as a sort of leash to lead them. The chain around their waists was not tight enough to be painful, but too tight to be able to be slipped over their hips or shoulders. 

Once each woman had consumed her container of water, the guards pulled her hands behind her back and tied them with a soft cord. Their work completed, the guards surveyed the result with apparent approval.

The women were then led by a uniformed guard out of the room, down the hall and to the front door of the police station. Then, as the door was opened, they were marched out to the street outside. 

As they passed through the hall, Irma noted from a clock that it was close to nine o'clock in the morning. She wondered, with some alarm, where they would be taken. As they entered the street, it was apparent that they were expected, for a crowd had gathered. Most were men, though there were some women. She saw no children, reflecting that probably they would mostly be in school at that hour. 

They presented quite a spectacle; nine naked women, of assorted ages and shapes, chained together and marched in a line through a public street. It was cool, not really cold, but in the morning air Irma shivered just a bit. Her bare feet felt the roughness of the pavement. The leader forced them to spread apart as far as the chain would allow, so they presented an unrestricted view of themselves to the onlookers.

Three policemen guarded the group; one leading them by the chain, a second holding the chain behind the last prisoner, keeping them spaced apart; and a third walking beside them, watching the bystanders.

Irma had an intense urge to cover her breasts and pubic area, which of course she could not do with her hands tied behind her. They had to walk slowly, keeping the spacing, and the view of their bodies was unrestricted. Irma could feel her breasts swinging and bouncing as she walked over the uneven street. She could see the bystanders staring at her parts, focusing as they were on her breasts and crotch. Some of them made comments, in Russian or Ukrainian, that she could not understand, but she expected were crude remarks. 

Many of the bystanders followed the group as they were led through the streets. Several women in the crowd stared with open-mouthed expressions of shock. Others just laughed, mocking the prisoners. The policeman watching the crowd kept them from touching the women, but not from looking and calling to them.

They were marched slowly around the streets for over an hour, passing some points several times, which caused Irma to know they were being publicly paraded, not just being taken to a particular place. Irma's feet were feeling and looking dirty from the unclean pavement, and the constant pace was making her just a bit tired. She was no longer cold, however, as the day warmed and the exercise heated her body. After most of an hour, however, all of the women had quite full bladders from the effects of drinking two liters of water. Irma was no exception; her bladder was becoming quite uncomfortable; and she doubted they would allow her to relieve it any time soon.

The parade eventually stopped at the side of a small public square, where several iron posts were sunk in the ground. The women were drawn up to the blank wall of a building on one side of the square, where they were made to stand, turning in their chain belts so they had their backs to the wall and they faced the square. The front end of the chain leash was attached to a metal post, and the other end was then pulled until the women were spaced as far as the chain lengths would allow, when it was then tied to another post with a length of rope. The guards then positioned themselves in front of the women. A sizable crowd was assembling.

From somewhere a small table and chair had appeared, and one policeman positioned it in front of the women, at one end of the line, He then sat on the chair. A conversation in the local language began, which Irma could not comprehend.

There were perhaps a hundred people now in the square, looking at the prisoners. Irma had a chance to look down the line, where she was in the sixth position, to see how her companions were doing.

The lead woman, who was one of the youngest, stood rigidly erect, her youthful breasts high and firm. Her dark hair was in disarray, though, and tears ran down her face. She stood with her feet apart but her knees squeezed together, probably trying to control her full bladder. In the second position was the rather fat thirtyish woman, constantly shifting her considerable weight about, her head hung downward. Number three was the one about Irma's age, a little on the plump side. 

She stood in a stoop, leaning forward, her breasts sagging slightly as she stood with her legs tightly pressed together. Fourth was Titania, the English-speaking one, slender, head held high, one leg moving in an agitated way. Fifth was the matronly paunch with the big bush, breathing a bit heavily and squirming noticeably. Irma was next, and as she looked to her left, the seventh position was the other young woman, who was holding herself erect and still, showing no real signs of distress. But beyond her, the oldest prisoner was grimacing, moving her head around, fidgeting nervously, and muttering something Irma could not understand. At the end of the line was the heavy middle aged woman with the long gray hair.

From the looks of the group, Irma guessed they all had full bladders and were feeling the same distress as she was. Suddenly a guard stood in front the women and began to address them. Irma got not a hint of the language however, the reaction of the women was obviously unpleasant, so she reasoned he must have said something unsettling. Irma looked to Titania, about two meters away, her statement asking for some interpretation. 

Titania saw the question in Irma's eyes. She looked at Irma and tried to tell her what they had been told.

"It's to be hard for us - we are all full of water, but we are told not to let any of it out - we must hold ourselves - sometime, maybe, they let us let go of our water, but not now. We are told to hold, and stay standing up. The people are not allowed to touch us as long as we wait. But he tells us if any woman lets go of her water they will let a man come and put his hands on - on her, her top up front, you know - "

Irma understood that they could not relieve themselves. She expected as much. For her, it was last night all over again. She tensed her muscles, trying to hold herself. At least, she thought, "this time I have company. I wonder who will be the first to let go?"

The guard at the table was apparently doing some kind of business. Several men stood in a queue at the table. The one first in line produced some money, and the guard took it, making some notes on a sheet of paper. He gave the man a small scrap of paper. The transaction was then repeated with the second in line. Irma tried to figure it out. She looked to Titania. "What's going on?" she softly asked.

Titania shook her head with a worried look. "Gambling - tokens, how you say? Tickets? They make bets - which one of us will leak first. He tell first man, if you win, she let go first, you get ten minutes your hands on her - her things in front; what you call?" Titania, slightly shook her breasts to clear up her point. "Breasts?" Irma asked, "He gets to put his hands on her breasts?" Titania nodded.

All of the women were showing signs of major distress. The men at the table were eagerly awaiting the first loss of bladder control. Irma fervently hoped it wouldn't be her.

Then she heard the first failure. A slight scream came from her left. She looked to see the old woman in the eighth position squatting slightly. She could see a stream splashing on the pavement in front of the lady. Evidently the older woman's bladder had given out - she just couldn't bear the strain of all that water any longer. Irma felt sorry for the older lady, but at least it wasn't her own muscles that had given up the battle.

A somewhat rowdy discussion took place at the table. Titania looked again to Irma. "He doesn't want her - he wants someone not so old. The other man - the one with the hat and hair of gray - he wants to play with the old lady's --- breasts? So they are exchanging!" Irma watched with some trepidation what was happening. After some discussion at the table, an older man, perhaps in his sixties, moved forward. He went directly to the older woman, who looked at him with obvious great apprehension. The guard allowed him to stand directly in front of her. He said something to her, and she said something back, her voice shaking in fear.

He reached out his hands and seized her small sagging breasts. He felt them with both hands, then grasped the nipples and pulled them both out toward him, tugging noticeably. Her two breasts stretched out in front of her, and she winced and cried out. He held them for a minute or so, then pulled them wide apart, stretching the nipples beyond the width of her shoulders. He released them suddenly, allowing them to jump back into position. He repeatedly pulled them, twisted them, and bounced them up and down. He held them up, one at a time, stretching them upward, as he looked under them. The woman closed her eyes, at times holding her breath, at times gasping, as she endured the treatment. The man turned to the crowd behind him and received some shouts of approval. He continued to fondle her breasts for several minutes, until the guard stepped forward and took his arm, saying what Irma surmised meant "time's up!" 

Irma was horrified. She knew it probably was only a matter of time before she got the same treatment. The prospect intensified the clenching of her sphincter muscles, trying desperately to restrain those two liters of water. Another police guard approached the woman who had just urinated. He had a plastic container in his hand. He untied the woman's hands, then retied one hand to the chain at her waist, leaving only one hand free. He placed the container in her hand and said something to her by way of instruction. She appeared to protest a bit, but then she took the plastic container in her free hand and raised it to her lips. Irma turned again to Titania.

"Something good - he tell the man he too rough on the old woman. He can have hands on breasts - pull, twist, but not make marks - he hurt her - not allowed. But anytime we pee, man gets ten minutes on breasts, and we got to drink liter of water. Make more pee for later!" 

The next failure came from the large woman in the second position. She suddenly shot a forceful stream out her front, splashing to the pavement. All eyes turned to see her. Once her urination subsided, another man moved forward to face her. He turned to the guard, who nodded approval. The man then grasped both her breasts, squeezing them, rubbing them, and occasionally pulling on the nipples. Irma noticed he was being a bit more careful than the first one, but his hands were all over her ample bosom. She stood in silence, uttering no protest, perhaps realizing the futility of it. For the allowed ten minutes he manipulated her breasts, then withdrew, smiling. Again the ritual of the water container was repeated.

Titania called quietly to Irma. "Just tell you - I let mine go - can't hold anymore!" With that, she turned her face straight ahead, spread her legs, and released her urination. The stream poured down her legs and the resulting puddle rose around her feet. She kept her face almost emotionless, awaiting the penalty but savoring the blessed relief to her bladder.

The man who bought the right to fondle Titania moved forward to collect his prize. She recoiled slightly, but his hands seized her breasts, a bit roughly. He worked on her for the allowed ten minutes, not squeezing so much but doing a lot of pulling. As he finally withdrew, Irma noticed Titania's breasts reddened from the treatment, but with both nipples rigidly erect. 

Two more women gave up and released their bladders in the following few minutes. Irma noticed the clock in the square now indicated almost eleven o'clock. She had been holding her water for two hours - it seemed like two days. The pain in her lower regions was getting unbearable. She felt she could hold it no longer - regardless of the consequences. She let go. A torrent of warm liquid ran down her legs and over her feet. Suddenly she was the center of attention.

All eyes focused on the stream she was pouring out. She felt as though it would not end, but, oh, the glorious release from the pain in her lower body. She felt the stream taper to a trickle, and she tried to bring her legs together. Both of her legs felt wet. Her feet felt wet. She closed her eyes to enjoy the wonderful release. She was jerked to consciousness by a firm grasp on her right nipple coupled with a squeeze on her left breast. She opened her eyes to look into the face of a dark haired man with a short beard, his hands on her naked body. She winced in pain as a breast was tugged by its nipple, and uttered a quick exclamation. The man stopped for a second, looked at her face, then pulled the other nipple, just a bit less forcefully. 

She felt his hands roaming over her upper body, pulling, tugging, squeezing, and just feeling. She tried to hold still, sometimes closing her eyes, averting his, just trying to get through the allotted ten minutes. She could feel her breasts being separated, pulled in opposite directions, lifted, and moved in directions she knew they were never intended to move in. The ten minutes seemed an eternity.

Finally they were over. He had no sooner left her, than she felt her hands being untied, and then the container of water placed in her right hand. Her hands felt a bit numb from the restraints, and she sensed a pleasant release, as the one was untied. She took the container, and began to down the water. Her stomach was quite empty by now, and it wasn't difficult for her the finish the liter of water. As soon as she did, the container was taken away and her hands again secured with the cord behind her.

The women in the number three and four positions were the next to yield to the pressures in their bladders, and in turn their breasts received the ten minutes of fondling by the next men in line. Their stomachs were then refilled with water.

Now only the woman next to Irma, the older woman with the noticeable paunch and enormous pubic bush, had not urinated. Irma looked at her, standing with her eyes almost closed, her face tensed, her muscles tensed as she tried desperately to keep her urinary outlet closed. Irma guessed she was in her early fifties, no real beauty, and not looking particularly fit with sagging breasts and stomach, and that big bush with its hairs standing almost straight out. 

The police guard went up to her and said something that evidently pleased her. Her statement turned to a bit of a smile, and she seemed to relax. She released her urine, and a prolific stream shot out, spraying in front of her and pouring onto the pavement below. Irma was amazed at the extent of her discharge. When she finished, Irma waited for the next man to come forward and put his hands on her breasts, but none moved. Titania saw Irma's interest, and told her, "She's the last - she held her water longest, so no hands on her top! No more water for her either!"

Irma began to understand. The one who held her bladder the longest didn't get fondled, and didn't have to refill her stomach with water. Irma began to wonder if there would be another round. Her bladder was already beginning to feel distended again - the residue of the first two liters, she surmised, plus that extra liter she had now poured into herself.

It was now noon, and the crowd had grown a bit. It was warmer, now, and the women had been standing for over three hours. The older woman had now urinated at least four times - she was having a real problem with her bladder. Each time a different man had won the opportunity to amuse himself with her breasts for ten minutes. The last one had made a game of shaking her a bit, making them swing rapidly, then repeatedly picking up one at a time and dropping it, to show the crowd how flexible they were. The poor lady was horribly humiliated as the men made fun of her breasts. They weren't very big, but they sagged with her years and the onlookers laughed as the men played with them and made crude jokes about them. They tried to get erections from her nipples, which seemed to respond very little, though they were repeatedly pinched and pulled.

Irma felt her legs tiring. It was half past noon, and she was having great difficulty holding her painfully full bladder. She had lost track of how many other women had already urinated more than once, but she didn't want another set of hands pulling and squeezing her breasts. She tried to hang on, finally decided it was no use and let go.

Another ten minute session of having a stranger play with her pectoral appendages. She held her breath, steeled herself, and waited for it to be over. To be sure, he didn't really hurt her very much, but the idea of being handled was awfully distasteful. She was again given her water and gulped it down. 

About two o'clock, it looked like the game was over. The policemen shut down the ticket table and unfastened the two ends of the chain. The tired women, who had been standing since nine in the morning, were made to start moving again. They were marched about a half a kilometer to another square with had a large grassy area in the center, with a poorly kept flowerbed. There was a low wall around the flowerbed, and the women were told to sit on the wall. A large number of people had followed them, so Irma was sure something further was in store.

One of their guards appeared, with several of the now familiar plastic containers. He had apparently filled them from a water faucet nearby. Again the women were told to drink, a liter each. The only exception was the one with the big bush, who had out-held all the others earlier, and had been given no more water since.

The guards allowed them to sit for half an hour then commanded them to stand and face out from the wall. They were made to spread their legs, and with the women standing about a meter apart, the length the chain allowed, a guard used cords to tie each woman's leg to that of her neighbor, as the chain was pulled taught on each end. This made them stand with their legs spread quite wide - a difficult posture to hold with a full bladder, which all but one of them had. 

Now a man was chosen from the crowd, Irma wasn't sure how. He was taken over to the young woman at the end of the row, and placed his hand on her crotch. He was allowed to handle her genitals for a few seconds, then withdrew, then proceeded to the second woman and repeated the handling. Several men were lined up for this procedure, so that in a few minutes each woman had the hands of several men placed on her pubic area, though only for a few seconds. With their legs widespread, they were extremely vulnerable to the handling and had no way to protect themselves from this brief touching of their most private parts. Some of the women squirmed and twisted through the process, others simply stood still and accepted it. 

A number of people stepped forward with cameras, to record the scene with the women chained and their legs spread. The guards seemed to encourage the process.

As Irma looked into the crowd, she spotted a familiar face. Her friend and erstwhile companion, Helen, was there among them. As the picture taking was going on, Helen moved a bit closer and called to Irma. Irma responded with a glance of recognition, not sure whether to be glad to see a familiar face or recoil in horror at her friend seeing her in this condition. 

The guards now began a new procedure. They unlocked the waist chain of the first woman, releasing her from the group, and untied her legs, but not her hands. The policeman put his hand on her abdomen and pushed, saying something to her. She grimaced noticeably, then nodded her head. He handed her over to another guard, who then escorted her to the flower bed, where she was made to stand facing the crowd, her legs spread as she stood over a row of plants. The guard gave a command, and after a few moments the woman began to urinate. As she did so, the guard made her move slowly down the row a short distance, as her stream poured forth. When her stream ended, applause erupted from the crowd, and the woman was returned to her position, her waist chain re-fastened. The second woman was then taken to "water the plants". The crowd seemed to enjoy this particular activity, which was repeated with each woman, except the one who had been the champion holder early on!

When Irma returned from her "watering" chore and was being re-fastened into her waist chain, Helen approached her. "Irma- I heard you were being taken out for the 'parade' as they call it. But - being led around with no clothes on, and made to do things like this? How can they do this to you?"

Irma was now beyond being shocked. "Apparently it's quite easy - but it's got to end somewhere - they've been doing things to us all day! How did you manage?" "They released me. I was told I can go, but I wanted to wait for you. The consulate has been contacted, but I don't know what they can do. The police said there might be some decision in your case tomorrow. I wanted to wait to see what's going to happen to you!" 

"They've done about everything they can to humiliate us. Some of the worst is, I don't even know what coming up, because they never speak to us in English. Fortunately, one of the others speaks some English, and she's been giving me at least a little interpretation."

"Have they hurt you?"

"Well, I'm still in one piece, as you and the rest of the world can plainly see, and if I had any scars or bruises you could see those, too, because I'm sure not hiding anything. We've been paraded, looked at, handled in the most personal places, filled up with water and not allowed a bathroom - I don't know what they're going to do next!" "Just hang in there - I'll keep in touch with the police and see what they do with your case-" Helen was motioned to withdraw by the guard and her conversation ended.

The only woman who had not been required to do the watering was number five, the one with the big bush chained next to Irma. She seemed to have been exempt from almost all of the extra treatments since she demonstrated her superior holding capacity. Now she was singled out for something. The guards took her out of the chain link, and brought her forward toward the crowd. A big announcement was made, which of course Irma could not understand.

The woman was now made to stand between two guards, as her hands were untied. One of the guards now produced three of those loathsome water containers, obviously filled. The woman had seemed at first a bit pleased to have been singled out, but now as they spoke to her, her face turned to an statement of shock. She was handed the first of the three containers, which she rather gingerly put to her lips. As she did so, a guard placed his hand on her abdominal region, and patted it gently. The woman reacted with a movement that showed discomfort. Something was said, and people around began to smile.

Irma began to figure it out. The woman had been the last to urinate in the morning, but that had now been three hours ago. One urination, Irma knew, didn't get rid of all that water they had taken in at the start, and this woman hadn't urinated since, so surely her bladder was quite full. The wincing when she was pressed seemed to prove that. Now they were going to give her three more liters to drink. What were they trying to do? She glanced at Titania.

Titania tried to explain. "They said she has - biggest - place you hold pee! It full now - they give her more water - three liters more. Not let her pee. Show people how much she hold!" 

Irma was glad she hadn't won the competition first off. This woman was going to be publicly tortured it appeared. Irma watched. The woman had now managed to drink two liters and had started the third. She was sweating and shaking - obviously nervous. 

All of the women remained standing as their champion completed her filling. It took a while; her stomach was full and even bulging a bit. It took half an hour for her to get the last liter down.

Now two guards stood her up between them, her arms outstretched, and one guard holding each hand firmly. Her legs were tied together. They made her stand that way about fifteen minutes. Then, a man was chosen from the crowd and given a small rather soft rubber ball, about the size of a small fist.

He stood perhaps five meters in front of her and studied her carefully. She looked at him a bit in horror. Then he let fly the ball at her - striking her pubic bone and glancing off. He was given another chance. This time the ball hit her right in the middle of her abdomen - right over her bladder. She jumped at the impact, gasping. A cheer went up from the crowd.

Titania glanced at Irma to explain. "It's a test. If she takes ten hits on her place where she holds pee - very full now - and no leak, her punishment over - they let her go. If she leak, then she come back with us!"

Several men took turns throwing the ball at her. The object, obviously, was to hit her over her bladder; but only about a third of the balls hit there. The guard was keeping count on his fingers. At each strike on the intended target, she jumped with the sudden pain. The ball was soft, not hard enough to harm her, but the pressure of even a soft hit on her extremely full bladder severely tested her holding ability.

The count went on - seven, eight, and nine. They waited to see if she could withstand one more hit on her sensitive area. Finally one more hit struck the target - with force. Suddenly a spurt of urine erupted from her. She tried to stop it, but too late, she had lost on the last try. She was brought back to her spot next to Irma, and rejoined the group.

Sorrowfully, she was now back with them. The group was now led in their chained procession. The clocks now indicated nearly five o'clock. Irma moved with the group, her exposed body now a bit dirty from the street, the hands that had been placed on her, and her nervous perspiration. Her legs were tired from standing most of the day. Her hands chafed under the cord binding them. Her bladder was uncomfortably full again, and she no idea when she would be able to empty it. Her breasts bounced as she walked, and she longed for some support for them.

For an hour they were paraded around the streets in their chains. Finally they were stopped at a place she recognized as quite near the police station. A policeman she had not seen before came over to them and began talking. From his demeanor and the respect paid him by their guards, Irma took him to be a senior officer of some kind.

Titania tried to interpret for Irma. "He say - we must learn cooperation. Not be difficult. Do what told. He is going to test us - we must follow his order." Suddenly the women began to nod and give animated responses to some question he had asked.

"He ask - do we want to pee? Better you say yes - we all need pee!"

Irma joined the chorus in answering, her painful and swollen bladder giving her encouragement.

Titania continued. "He say - he will tell us to pee - then we pee; but when he say stop, we must stop pee. If we do not stop when he say, then he punish us more!"

The man shouted a command. The entire line of women, facing him as best they could, tried to urinate. Irma understood, she tried to release her bladder. Nine streams of urine began to flow down to the pavement. The flow had hardly begun, though, when he gave another shout. Titania called to Irma "Stop!" Irma had already assumed that was the meaning. Most of the women stopped their streams, though some took longer than others. The old woman in position eight apparently couldn't stop; her stream continued. He shouted at her. She said something back.

He gave her a tongue-lashing, then ordered the women to turn and start marching. He marched them two blocks down the street, then turned and marched them back. Once again he had them turn to face him. He gave the order to release their water. The old woman had nothing more to release; all the others started their streams again. Once all had started, he ordered them to stop. Irma found it very hard to stop her stream. Her bladder complained about the rough treatment. She said softly to Titania, "This is torture. Why doesn't he let us finish? I can hardly stop once I've started. Oh, I'm still so full! All that water!"

Titania shot back, "It's supposed to be torture. He may not let us finish at all."

Five more times he made them stop and start. Most of them still had full bladders - they had been able to let out very little. The officer gave some further commands, which Irma could not figure out. Then guards started untying the hands of the women.

"Are they going to let us go in?" Irma asked of Titania.

"No", she answered. "We are just to use our hands - I don't like it! He tells us to hold the points of our -- breasts -- we are to pull them up and out, then put legs wide - it is just to embarrass us! But maybe then he let us pee- " Irma followed what the other women were doing. Each took her nipples, one in each hand, and pulled them as far up and wide apart as they could, while spreading their legs wide. "At least", Irma thought to herself, "It's me doing it to myself - not some strange guy handling me!"

The senior officer passed down the line, inspecting the women as they held this odd posture. To some he ordered them to pull wider or higher, to some he nodded approval.

Finally, he seemed satisfied. He gave a command. Titania, almost needlessly, translated for Irma. "Pee - let all water out!" The women enthusiastically complied.

Relieved, they were allowed to release their breasts and draw their legs together. They were kept waiting a few more minutes, then they were escorted inside to the room where their ordeal had begun.

The chains were taken off. They waited. From time to time a guard would appear, call a name, and take a woman from the room. Irma just waited.

After a time, a man appeared and motioned to Irma. She was led from the room, back to the office where Vassily had interrogated her.

She was ushered into his office, still naked, barefoot, a bit smellier and dirtier than yesterday. He looked up from the desk and greeted her.

"Well. You are back. And how were you treated today?"

"You know how I was treated. I was chained to eight other women, and we were paraded around the streets with no clothes on. Strange men were allowed to handle us, and we were denied use of bathrooms. We had to relieve ourselves, when they allowed us, in front of crowds!"

"And have you learned cooperation?"

"I've learned your people can humiliate and degrade us."

"I see your attitude is a bit calmer. I'm not hearing threats from you. Would you like another day like today?" Vassily's question seemed rhetorical.

"No. I would not." Irma wondered what would be next.

"Would you like to be allowed to wear clothes?"

"Of course. Do you think I enjoy being paraded like cattle?"

"Then I have some news for you. After our little lesson in attitude improvement, I sense you are being more cooperative. We have no wish to hold you beyond what is needed to teach you cooperation with us and respect for our laws. I have been authorized to release you on your own recognizance and send you home, in the custody of your companion, Helen. You will be taken to your cell for tonight. In the morning your friend has been notified she can pick you up here, but she must then take you immediately out of the country."

"And will I be given my clothes back now?" In the morning, but not now. You will spend the night without them. You can be taken back to your cell, now."

Irma turned to leave. Vassily called to her, "You know, I rather like seeing you naked - it certainly has improved your attitude!" Irma turned away and left with her escort. Inwardly, she fumed a bit at Vassily's last comment. Then she thought better of it.
