It was a very hot day when Sally went back from her basketball game. The temperature was way above 30 degrees Celsius and she was wearing a tank top and light blue jeans. She was regretting now, that she hadn't put on a skirt instead of the jeans, but the morning had been a lot cooler.
The game had gone well – her team won by ten points. But it was very exhausting, too, in this weather. She drank at least two big bottles of water during the game and still felt thirsty after it – so she went for a beer to the restaurant nearby to celebrate their victory with her teammates. 
They had a great time! They kept buying rounds, and by the end of their stay, Sally had gulped down two beers, a soda and a coffee – so that the exhaustion would go away. Of course, she used the bathroom at the restaurant – twice. But just before leaving she had to go again, but was too embarrassed to admit it before her teammates, who had already frowned when she had gotten up 20 minutes after her first visit to the loo to go again. She couldn't help it. All the liquid she had drunk that day just seemed to make its way through too quickly.
But just before leaving, her need to go wasn't that bad yet, so she figured, she could make it home. She had to take a train home. Usually the trip took about thirty minutes. It was a short distance train, so there weren't any toilets on it, but Sally did not think that would be a problem.
She was waiting for the train and noticed for the first time that her need might actually be a bit worse than she thought. But she was still quite o.k. Also, there was no time thinking about it, as the train was just arriving – and missing it was no option, as the next one would only come 40 minutes later. 
Sally got on and was lucky enough to find a seat. Then the train started moving. She sat there and stared out of the window, trying not to think of her bladder...but that seemed to be an increasing problem. Her need to pee was getting worse. "I shouldn't have drunk that coffee! Coffee always makes me wanna pee so bad! How could I forget about that!" she thought. The train was shaking quite a lot – or at least it seemed that way to Sally. Every movement had become a challenge to her bladder control. The need to pee had suddenly increased so badly! She couldn't focus on anything but her need! "I have to go, I have to go, I really, really have to go!!!" was all she could think of. She crossed her legs, trying not to make it too obvious, why she would do so.
The train stopped and a woman with a small child got on. The child was carrying a bottle of Coke with a straw in it. They sat down just across the aisle from Sally and the child started drinking his Coke with loud drinking noises. Sally shut her eyes tight and tried not too listen to that sound that made her situation a million times worse. Her bladder felt like it would explode any minute now. In addition to that, her feet felt ice cold. The air conditioning was turned on to its highest level and the inside of the train seemed like a fridge to Sally. Cold feet also always made her pee. 
There were still at least another twenty minutes of the train ride left, when Sally felt a burning feeling in her bladder. It felt like her bladder would burst right here right now, if she wouldn't let loose of her spasm. She clutched her crotch and pressed her fingers hard against it. "I'm gonna lose it!!!!!!!!!" She thought, terrified. "I'm gonna pee myself like a little kid, and I'm twenty–two!" went through her mind.
Suddenly the train stopped with a jerk. Obviously the traffic lights had just changed. But that jerk had made it for Sally. A strong gush of pee escaped her in a mighty spurt. Shhhhh.....! It lasted at least two seconds. Her heart started galloping and she blushed. "No, no, no...This can't be happening". She managed to hold her pee for a minute or so. The child across the aisle looked at her, suspiciously. Sally shut her eyes tight. As if on purpose, the child started drinking his Coke again, with a mighty slurp.
It worked. Another spurt escaped Sally. This time it lasted a bit longer. She stopped it. Held it for five seconds. Then another spurt came out. Three seconds. Shhhh...... Two seconds. Shhhhhhhhhhh. One second. Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....she lost it. She was pissing her light blue jeans. Pee was flooding out of her crotch, down her thighs, on the seat and making a dripping noise on the floor underneath her. There was nothing she could do about it. The child and his mother were gazing at her with their mouths wide open.
Sally just closed her eyes, too ashamed to look them in the eye. It was such a relief, but she was devastated!!!! She was twenty–two, for heaven's sake! How could anything like that be happening! She sat there peeing for at least two whole minutes. All that water, beer and coffee had finally managed to escape. Her light blue jeans were wet in the crotch, on the inside of her thighs and on the butt. It was obvious to anyone who would see her, that she had just pissed herself.
When she arrived at her train station, she left it as quickly as she could. Still, she couldn't escape the whispers and pointed fingers that followed her.
By: Monica