The Little Mermaid
	A little Halloween bondage fun.
Author: CopyCat13

Brittney and Shikha have been best friends since they were in middle school together. It was only natural that when they both moved away to the same college that they become roommates. This got a bit awkward between them at first as they learned to live with each other and learned some new things about each other. But they quickly learned to live together in harmony and soon they were closer than ever.

Pretty soon they even started helping each other out with some of their unique peculiarities. Brittney started helping Shikha by picking up her socks which she would leave all over the apartment. And Shikha started helping out Brittney with her little fetish.

It only took Shikha a few weeks to realize that her BFF was a little kinky. It wasn't rocket science really. After she walked in on Brittney putting herself in bondage a couple times it became pretty obvious. It took a little time but by the end of their first semester of college Brittney had even convinced Shikha to help her out by tying her up and holding the keys to her handcuff and stuff like that.

By the end of their first year Shikha had grown to enjoy tying her up as much as Brittney liked being tied up. She'd started coming up with new scenarios to put her roommate in and she was pushing Brittney further than she'd ever gone on her own. Over spring break she'd actually locked Brittney in a chastity belt and kept her in it for the whole week.

But Halloween presented them both with a unique opportunity to go a little more public with their games. Once Brittney showed her, her costume, Shikha got a very wicked idea. Brittney's costume was a blue mermaid tube dress. It left her arms and shoulders bare and tapered down to be fairly tight around her knees. The dress would constrict her legs enough to make walking a little awkward but no more so than in any other tight pencil skirt. If she happened to wear heels with the costume it'd be even harder to walk.

Shikha knew that most of the teachers were OK with the students wearing costumes on Halloween. In fact some teachers give out extra credit to students who dress up. Brittney only had one class on Halloween and her teacher encouraged them to dress up.

Shikha told Brittney about her idea. Not all about it though, she wanted to add a little...surprise...at the last minute and didn't want Brittney to know that part. She did tell her about the main part though. Shikha could bind Brittney's legs just above the knees. She'd still be able to move her lower legs enough to walk (sort of) but her thighs would be tightly bound together. Everyone would just assume that her costume was even tighter than it really was and that that's why Brittney couldn't walk normally.

They'd never done any bondage things out in the open like this before and both girls were very excited about trying it out for the first time. Shikha was even more excited because she knew the whole plan instead of just the leg binding part...

Halloween morning both girls woke up bright and early well before Brittney had to get to class. She'd need time to get used to the binding and be able to take baby-steps all the way to class. Shikha got dressed and ten went into Brittany's room to get her ready.

Brittney was waiting in her underwear for Shikha to bind her legs and help her into the costume. Shikha had other ideas though and told Brittney to go commando so Brittney ditched her undies and waited for her roommate to tie her up. Brittney wasn't expecting the next part though. Shikha pulled out a little toy and inserted it into Brittney's vagina. This was the part that she hadn't told Brittany about and understandably Brittney was freaking out a little about it. Shikha managed to calm her down a little though and just said that she thought it would make the whole thing a little more exciting.

She still didn't tell her the whole plan though. It was a very special toy that Brittney now had inside her, one Shikha had found online and special ordered after Brittney showed her the costume. The toy had 2 independent vibrating parts. One would just sit in her vag and vibrate giving her a steady stream of pleasure. The other part rested squarely on Brittney's clit and would be a much more intense sensation. Both parts would be controlled by a remote control that Shikha would keep. Brittney didn't know any of this though and her main concern was just wondering if it'd be hard to hold the toy inside her without underwear.

Once Brittney calmed down about the toy, Shikha proceeded to tightly bind her thighs together using a large ace bandage. They'd considered using ropes but decided that they would show though the skirt a lot worse than the bandage would. Shikha stood Brittney up and made sure she still had enough mobility to get to class. Brittney took baby-steps around the room for a few minutes only to realize that her normally 5 minute walk to class would probably take about an hour. Then she sat down on the bed and Shikha started to dress her.

After Shikha helped Brittney wiggle into her tight mermaid dress and zipped her in, she helped her put on the 4 inch wedges they'd agreed on beforehand. A little work on her hair and a touch of makeup and Brittney became a beautiful mermaid. A large white flower in her hair completed the costume.

Between the leg binding and the wedges Brittney could barely even shuffle her feet. Shikha had to run off to her first class but she gave Brittney a quick peck on the cheek and warned her that she better hurry up and get to class too. She still had a little over an hour before her class but they both knew it would take her a while to get there.

Heeding that sound advice Brittney shuffled out of her dorm and headed to class. Fortunately her dorm building had an elevator or else she'd have been in deep trouble. There was no way she could possibly manage stairs like this.

Normally her walk to class would only take about 5 minutes but all tied up like this it took much longer. It took her almost 45 minutes before she finally made it. By there she was sweating profusely despite the October chill and she collapsed exhausted into her chair. Luckily she'd set out early enough that despite the long walk she was still the first person to arrive for class even beating the teacher. Of course dozens of people saw her on her 45 minute trek to class but no one had come close enough to have noticed the binding through her skirt. They'd all assume that her skirt was just too tight.

She did her best to compose herself while waiting for class but her hair was sweaty and there wasn't much she could do about that. She fanned herself to cool off as best she could but quickly realized that since she was sweaty now, she'd be freezing cold soon. She wasn't too worried about her nipples poking out but she didn't want to be cold all through class. She probably should have thought to bring a jacket. Nothing she can do about it now though.

The class slowly filtered in over the next 20 minutes with a few people (mostly guys) even complimenting Brittney on her nice costume. Most of her sweat had dried by then so she wasn't cold but she did feel a little gross from it. The teacher arrived and the class was just about to start when Brittney noticed Shikha standing in the doorway smiling at her. Brittney assumed she just wanted to make sure she got to class so she smiled and waved back.

Instead of waving though Shikha raised her hand and showed Brittney the remote control in her hand. Brittney didn't understand at first but then Shikha pressed a button and Brittney figured out what the remote was for. Shikha turned on the toy nestled in Brittney's pussy to its lowest setting. Just the inner part though. The part pressed against her clit remained still. All the toy managed to do was keep Brittney at a very high point of arousal without actually letting her have any sort of relief.

It was torture for Brittney. She couldn't touch herself. She couldn't cross her legs or wiggle around trying to get some friction or pressure from her seat. She couldn't leave class to take care of herself. She was completely at the mercy of the toy buzzing away inside her.

An hour later class finally ended. By then Brittney was drenched with sweat again and panting hard. Luckily no one was really paying attention to her during the lecture and everyone hurried out as soon as it ended. She was pretty sure that she has a large wet sop forming on the back of her skirt as well but she did her best to convince herself that it's just more sweat.

Brittney waited until she was the last person left in the room before she tried to get up and leave. When she did, she shuffled as fast as she could and made a beeline for the bathroom. Part of the plan had been that Brittney would go back to the dorm before unbinding her legs but she was pretty sure she wouldn't make it. She needed to open her legs and get some relief right then and there. She figured she could get to the bathroom, unbind her legs, make herself cum, and then go back to her dorm to see Shikha.

She shuffled into the bathroom but stopped short when she saw Shikha standing in there waiting for her. Shikha had a wicked grin on her face as she whipped out her phone and started shooting a video of Brittney standing there shocked. Then she pressed a few more buttons on the remote and Brittney lost all semblance of self-control. Shikha turned the inner part of the toy to high and the part pressed against her clit up to medium.

It was too much for Brittney as an orgasm hit her like a tidal wave within seconds of Shikha pressing the buttons. Her legs went out from under her and she collapsed onto the cold tile floor of the bathroom. Shikha recorded the whole thing and waited as another powerful orgasm ripped through her roommate's body.

Then she decided to see just how powerful the new little toy could be. She cranked both parts all the way up to high and stood back to see the results. She had a vague idea of what she wanted to see but she didn't think it was very realistic. To her complete surprise it actually worked almost exactly how she wanted it to.

The intense vibration directly on her clit left Brittney completely incapable or rational thought or control of her body. Her whole body began to spasm more and more violently as wave after wave of orgasms crashed over her. She lost control of herself and was soon screaming and moaning as she writhed in ecstasy on the floor. The best part of all though was her legs; still bound together, the spasms shooting through her body made them bounce and flop in unison. With her skirt on she looked like she really did have a tail and she were just a fish out of water.

Apparently the bathroom was fairly soundproof because no one tried to come in to investigate Brittney's screams. Shikha let the show go on for about 15 minutes before she finally took pity on Brittney and turned the toy off. She recorded the whole thing on her phone. After that, Shikha just left the bathroom and left Brittney lying exhausted on the bathroom floor.

Brittney slowly regained her senses. She managed to crawl to the wall and use it to regain her feet. Brittney was in rough shape by then. Her hair and makeup were both a complete mess, she was drenched in sweat and breathing hard. And her dress was soaked, it took her a few seconds to realize that it was more than just sweat and cum soaking her dress, apparently while she was flopping around on the floor she'd lost control of her bladder. Her dress stank of urine from lying in a puddle of her own pee.

The walk home was even longer than the walk to class. It took her over an hour because she was too exhausted to even shuffle her feet at a normal pace. Add to that the utter humiliation that would arise if anyone got close enough to her to get a good look at her. The worst part of it though was the elevator. She'd entered an empty elevator but as the doors closed another girl ran into the car. For the next several second Brittney stood there knowing that the other girl was openly staring at her and knowing that she stunk of urine and BO.

Fortunately the girl was too polite to actually say anything and when the door opened on her floor Brittney hurried out as fast as her bound legs could carry her. She finally made it back to her dorm and into her room. She sat down on the bed too tired to even care that she was getting her piss all over her nice clean bed. She untied her legs and slapped them a few times to try to work some feeling back into them. She stripped out of her dress and left it in a pile on the floor. Then she finally pulled the accursed toy out of her snatch and flung it across the room.

Brittney meant to just grab a towel and take a shower but she was just too tired. She collapsed onto her bed still covered in sweat, cum and piss and was instantly asleep. That's how Shikha found her a few hours later.

Both girls agree that it was one of the best adventures they'd ever had and both of them wanted to try a little more public play again soon. Brittney told Shikha that she was happy to do more in public but she didn't want to use the remote control toy anymore...or at least without some forewarning.

Brittney's biggest concern was the video Shikha had shot of her in the bathroom. She wanted it deleted. The girls had done pictures before but never video and never shown Brittney's face before. Shikha taunted her with the video for a while before finally agreeing to delete it. She never actually did delete it but Brittney didn't need to know that part.
