They decided to clean up and head on over to the food court. They got some burgers, and sat down at the table, where they discussed what had just happened.
"That was fucking hot," said Jas.
"I know. I say we fill up on drinks, and head back to the room," said Annie. "In fact, I have an idea that includes all of us," she said slyly.
So drink they did. Each person had a large drink, followed by a small coffee. Jas topped it off with a beer. They headed back to the same room they had come from, to find it clean and empty. They removed their clothes, and sat on the large bed in the room. This is how they positioned themselves:
Jas lay down, with Annie's face in her pussy. Behind Annie, Jake entered her pussy from behind. Jane sat with Jas's head between her legs.
They all started licking and pumping, softly at first. Jas licked at Jane's throbbing clit furiously, sucking and licking. Meanwhile, Jas' own pussy was being eaten by Annie– who nipped at her clit in the right way. Jake was pumping hard into Annie's pussy, moving in a circular motion. They all came within 10 seconds of each other, spraying their pussy juices and semen everywhere.
Jas and Annie paired up this time, while Jake went off with Jane.
Jas grabbed Annie and immediately started grinding her pussy on wherever she could land, which at the moment was Annie's ass. Jas came hard, and then turned Annie over, and began to finger her with one hand, and rubbed her clit with the other.
"Pee on my fingers," Jas said.
Annie didn't need anymore coaxing; she let loose a river all over Jas as she came. Annie caught her breath, and then put Jas's legs around her waist, and rubbed her clit. "When you come, pee on me," she told Jas.
And she did. Jas came the hardest she ever had in her life.
Jane and Jake, meanwhile, were having lots of fun. Jane peed on Jake's leg while humping him, and Jake peed in spurts while Jane rubbed his long aching cock. Then Jake entered her, and they made wonderful wet love.
They lay side by side in the bed now, just talking. "I think we should do this more often," said Jake.
"Oh yes!" they all said at once.
"Let's meet here every Saturday," Jake said.
"No problem," Annie said. She looked at Jane and Jas, who both nodded quickly, grinning.
Dribblets