Title: The Overwhelming Agony

By: Anon

Kaitlyn was having a great time. The party was awesome and her boyfriend was in a great mood. Kaitlyn was feeling confident in her White tank top and khaki shorts. The outfit showed her flatering figure and nice bust perfectly. Her beautiful brown hair was twisted up in a casual clip. She put her pepsi down on the table and went to find Jay. Jay and her had dated for three years now. She was ready to leave the party because they had a long drive ahead of them. The party was at Kaitlyn's sister's house and that was two hours away. She found Jay and they walked out to their car.

For the first 30 minutes Kaitlyn and Jay listened to music and made fun of all the farm land surrounding them. They joked that once you left Kaitlyn's sister's house there was nothing, not even a gas station. About an hour into the drive Kait felt a slight pressure in her bladder, but nothing major.

For 15 minutes or so it wasn't bothersome, but it started to sting. She had a stinging pain in her bladder. She whispered to Jay she needed to pee and he said there was a gas station in about a half hour. Kait smiled, thinking she could make it. They continued talking, but the pain got worse. Kait started to wiggle around and get nervous. Her only thought now was relieving the awful pressure in her bladder. She was getting bad. The pain was excruciating and her poor pussy was begginning to ache.

Kaitlyn had tears on her face as she placed her hand over her tormented crutch. Jay looked over and saw Kaitlyn in a horrible position. "Kait honey, are you okay?"

"Jay, it hurts so bad...I'm in so much pain"

"Hold on baby, only a little while longer"

Kait was wriggling and grabbing her aching pussy. Her bladder was so swollen. Kait could feel her pee on the tip of the urethra, waiting to be released into freedom. She battled the pain as she rubbed her thighs and hands at the same time.

"JAY I'M ACHING FOR A PEE, PLEASE HELP ME!!" Kait was crying. The pain was unbearable. She unbuttoned her shorts and put her hand down her underwear. There was dampness in her poor aching pussy. She used her finger to cover her hole. She swore she could feel the urine about to escape. She rubbed hard, willing the piss to go back in. She rocked back and forth and rubbed. The tears rolled down her face and her bladder kept swelling.

"Ow, oh god jay, I have never needed a bathroom like I do now...I'm going to burst, I'm going to explode. Oh god..." Little drips were escaping and her hand was doing overtime. Her face as screwed into a tormented expression. She grabbed and wiggled and thought about nothing else expcept a long awaited piss. The need was so awful. Her pussy was swelling along with her bladder. Kait seriousley thought that she was going to pass out from the pain. She couldn't stand it.

"Jay, I need to let a little out"

"Kait honey, please wait...don't mess the seat"

"JAY, I have too..."she begged.

She couldn't wait. She removed her finger from her agonizing pee hole and felt a little amount escape. "Oh yes" she siged. She couldnt' stop. The tormented bladder relented and gave way. She pissed full stream through her underwear and Khaki,s...

"OH MY GOD, Jay, This Feels great...AHHHHHH Oh, a piss....yes" The yellow stream burst through soaking her clothes and the car. Her bladder still ached from holding off for so long. She looked over and saw that Jay was erect....what happened next is another story.

