The following accounts are true, only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.
Back in the early 1980's I became involved with a sexy blonde girl named Mindy who was a former stripper. At the time we were both in our mid 20's. She was a big girl, not fat by any means but what most would call statuesque. About 150 lbs, 5' 11", large pendulous tits, a nice round ass, and legs a mile long which she loved to show off with short mini–skirts. She turned heads wherever we went, both male and female.
The sex was hot from the start, and within a few months we were living together. She was quite open–minded sexually and we experimented with just about everything including pee fun. While this did not turn her on to the extent that it did me, she was willing to oblige, especially when she was feeling the effects of alcohol. And Mindy loved her beer.
Early in our relationship I discovered that Mindy had an incredible bladder capacity. When we went out she would drink several bottles of beer before going to pee, but once she did pee she had to go often if she continued drinking. And with a bladder full of beer she could piss like a racehorse, a hard steady stream that sometimes lasted nearly two minutes. I also became aware that she would often refrain from peeing before we had sex. This happened a couple of times when we got home from the bar. She would be moaning about having to pee but wanted to head straight to bed instead of the toilet. On these occasions she would have a very intense orgasm, then rush to the bathroom for one of her endless gushers. When I asked, she admitted that for years she had been enjoying masturbation and sex with a full bladder. She had discovered this when she was a young teen. She told me how she had her first orgasm while in the back seat of the car on a long trip with her family. She had been bursting to pee but her dad could not find a rest room. It was so bad that she had to rub herself to hold it in and soon she felt waves of pleasure she had never known before. I was the first guy she had shared this secret with, and I felt honored as well as very aroused!
I had always fantasized about having a girl pee while I was inside her, but had never had the courage to ask one to do it. After Mindy told me her little secret, I told her mine. She said she thought she could do it if her bladder was full enough, but we tried a few times and she just couldn't let go with me inside her. It bothered her that she had disappointed me but I did not make a big deal about it and enjoyed all the other fun, kinky things we did. She obliged me on several occasions with long hot golden showers, even once when she was on top of me in the 69 position after drinking a lot of beer. I thought I was going to drown – but I loved it! And she provided me with a few good incidents of desperation too. 
We took a trip to the beach for the weekend and had a few beers left in the cooler during the drive home. She opened one as soon as we left the beach and by the time we were about halfway home she was into her 5th bottle. Mindy started squirming and told me I needed to find her a bathroom soon, but I was taking the back roads and we were in the middle of nowhere. I asked if she wanted me to pull over and let her pee beside the car but she said she would try to hold it until I could find her a toilet. Her need quickly worsened and soon she was holding herself, which I knew was exciting her. She told me she was at her limit and was going to wet her pants if I did not find her a toilet fast. She frantically looked around the car and found a large empty cup. It was a giant soft drink cup – 32 ounces. I did not want to miss this, so I pulled over on the roadside. Mindy slid to the edge of the seat and pulled the crotch of her tiny shorts to the side. She held the cup under her and immediately let go with a torrent of pee. I reached over and teased her swollen clit as the gusher quickly filled the large cup. When it was almost full, she stopped the flow long enough to empty it out the window, then resumed with nearly as much force as before. By the time she was finally drained the cup was nearly half full again. I estimated she peed at least 40 ounces. It was awesome.
But the most memorable incident happened one night after we left a bar. We had been there about 4 hours during which time she drank 6 bottles of beer. I always kept a mental note of her drinking and pee trips so I could estimate her level of fullness when we left. I was constantly amazed at how much she could hold. She had made a trip to the rest room after her 4th bottle of beer when we had been there about 2 hours, but never went to pee again. By comparison I had drunk only 5 beers and had pissed twice, including about 30 minutes before we left the bar. My bladder had refilled quickly and I was again feeling very full when we decided to leave, but I knew that if I went to pee that Mindy might go too so I decided to try to hold it until we got home. It was a 30–minute drive so I knew it would be hard, both literally and figuratively. I was near the bursting point so I could only imagine the desperation she was feeling. She had drunk one more beer than I had, and with one less trip to the toilet. I deducted she had to be VERY full and the thought of that had made me hard as a rock. 
My suspicions were confirmed as we walked to our car. Mindy said that the effect of gravity on her bladder was terrible and that she was dying for a pee. She told me I better get her home quick or she was going to have an accident. When I teased her about wetting her panties, she pulled up her short black leather mini–skirt revealing nothing underneath. As I fumbled for the key she grabbed her shaved pussy and told me to hurry, she said she never had to pee so badly in her life. It was well after midnight and I knew nothing would be open between the bar and our apartment, so if she could not hold it a roadside piss was her only option – and mine too. I was on the verge of pissing in my pants and was as horny as ever. I knew it was going to be an interesting drive home.
As soon as we got on the road Mindy was squirming like a kid and frantically rubbing herself. I have never seen such desperation in a grown female. She was moaning about how bad she had to go and it was soon apparent she would never make it home. I could feel my own bladder swollen all the way to my navel, and doubted I could hold it much longer either. I unzipped my pants and released my hard and throbbing cock. I was so excited I knew that touching it would make me cum. I reached over and felt Mindy's lower belly and it was very hard and swollen. She screamed when I touched her there, even though I hardly applied any pressure to her swollen bladder. We were about halfway home when she urgently told me to pull onto a side road; she said she could not hold it any longer. The road led to an industrial complex where several businesses were located. I stopped the car at the end of the drive and she bolted out of the car and started running towards a grassy area behind one of the buildings. She was holding herself and urging me to hurry as I followed her. She stopped and stood with her hands holding herself; legs tightly crossed and bent over. She desperately told me to take my pants off and I had them off in a flash. She literally pushed me to the ground and lowered her wet pussy down on my raging hard cock. I could tell it was taking every ounce of holding strength she had to contain the flood inside her for a few more seconds. She began to bounce up and down on me, fucking me like a wild crazed animal, and then it happened. With a loud scream that could probably be heard a mile away, Mindy's tormented bladder erupted with incredible force and seconds later she was shuddering with a violent orgasm. Her pace never let up, she kept pounding up and down on my pole for what seemed like several minutes as gallons of pee poured from her all over me and wave after wave of intense orgasm rocked her body, each one inducing loud moans and screams. I held on as long as I could, trying to savor this moment, but soon I could hold back no longer and I shot my cum deep inside her gushing pussy. It was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced and I felt like I was going to pass out. Seconds afterward I felt the pee filling my cock and I knew I could not hold it back any longer. With Mindy still soaking me with pee, I helplessly let go inside her. The feeling of this gave her yet another orgasm. It was the most incredible sexual experience of my life to that point.
Later when we discussed the experience, Mindy told me that she had planned it but it did not work out exactly as she had planned. Her intent was to surprise me at home after we left the bar, but that she just could not hold it. It worked out even better than planned, since being outdoors just added to the excitement for us both. Mindy and I stayed together several years, and although we enjoyed many more wet adventures nothing could ever top that wild night. I have been was fortunate enough to have known a few other females who were into pee fun and desperation, including one very kinky nurse who was also able to accomplish the pee–fuck. But I will save her stories for another time.
Steve