I now present a story of male desperation. While I am strictly heterosexual, I have often been interested in male desperation– mostly concerning men who are middle aged to older, grey haired and distinguished. This is based on a true story that was told to me by a relative who knew this man. She described him as resembling the actor George Kennedy.
"Damn I gotta go," George thought to himself as he gritted his teeth and squirmed in his seat. He had been sitting in a massive traffic jam on the Palisades Parkway as he was driving in to work. The drive into New York usually took 1/2 hour but he had now been sitting in traffic for well over an hour and the coffee and juice with breakfast was now catching up to him. He really had to go. He was not just uncomfortable, but having to make a real effort to hold it in. Worst of all, there was no place for him to go. The cause of the backup was a torrential rain and sleet storm. Even though the Palisades Parkway is close to New York, it is in a very rural setting and the exits are far apart.
Now George was in trouble, his need was increasing to tremendous levels. It was now an emergency and he had to go so bad he was going out of his skin. He was not sure how long he could hold it in. He squeezed his muscle shut so forcefully it made his penis rise up and press against his sorts and slacks, and for the first time as an adult he felt he could actually wet his pants.
He never felt this way. Before, no matter how badly he had to go he was always sure he could hold it in until he got somewhere. But now, as his 60 something year old bladder and prostate were no longer what they used to be, he found he could not hold it for nearly as long, especially when it became an emergency.
And this was an emergency. He frantically squirmed as he tried to get his quivering penis to fit between his now crossed legs. He could not get a lot of pressure on it as it was sticking up due to his clenched muscle. He leaned forward to try to get it to face down but that put such abdominal pressure on his bladder that his need increased to almost an unbearable level. He felt like his urine had filled his penis and was pressing it's edge with all its might to get out. He winced his eyes shut and groaned and sat back up straight. That relieved the pain somewhat put he still had to go so bad he felt he would go any minute. The pressure was unbearable. He continued squirming like crazy. At one point he turned sideways and was facing the door window to get rid of the discomfort. He then sat straight and clenched his thighs together to aid his pee muscle as his penis shot up between his legs. He would then re–cross his legs differently to get the most pressure, but with each passing moment he felt he was losing control.
He looked ahead and saw no sign of the traffic easing. The rain coming down on his car only reminded him of the fluid he was with holding. He really started to panic as the thought was wetting his pants, in his car became a reality. When his need increased again he felt a level of pressure and pain he did not think was possible. At that moment, he let go of the wheel and with both hands gripped his penis. He had never done this as an adult, but it was the only thing that prevented something else he had not done as an adult. He was gritting his teeth and frantic. He saw a sign saying a rest stop was a mile away and he did not think he could hold it in that long. Even if he got there in time, he felt he would have to wait in line for the men's room or beg for a key and he did not think he would last. He had to go so badly and felt there was just no place to go, except in his pants. Getting out of the car was not possible because of the storm and of the way he carried himself. He was a well–dressed, successful man who did not want to draw that kind of attention, but it was also unthinkable that he would wet his pants. He was in such despair.
Over the next 1/2 hour, his need kept increasing, as did his grip on his penis, as did his uncertainty of finding anyplace to go to the bathroom before it was too late. He also was feeling a throbbing pain in his lower belly in addition to the unbearable pressure he was trying to hold back. Several times he would twist his legs in a knot and contort his whole body while groaning in pain. When traffic would move he would have to uncross his legs and put one hand on the wheel to drive. Each time he felt he would loose control, somehow just managing to hold on.
He then got an idea. On the floor in the back of his car were two rubber boots he had just bought for an upcoming fishing trip. For a moment, he brushed off that idea as disgusting. He was then forced to grip his penis even tighter once again and pound his legs up and down. He felt he would wet himself right there. He had to do something. He just could not hold it any more. He did not even think he could make it out of the car and get behind a tree.
In the most painful move he could put his body through, he leaned backwards in the car toward the backseat and grabbed the bag with the boots, groaning all the while. To get the boots out he had to take his hands of his penis. He truly felt his urine would shoot directly up and go through the windshield. He crossed his legs and pressed his thigh on his penis. He finally got one boot out and he dropped it to place both hands back on his penis or he would go right there. With one hand he placed the boot on the floor in front of him and frantically undid his belt, opened his pants and zipper and with the other hand took his penis out of his boxers.
He placed the boot in front of his penis, which was bulging and pale from being held. He then placed it into the boot and he let his urine go. It shot out with such force it almost knocked the boot from his hand. He then closed his eyes and his sigh was almost as loud as his urine hitting the bottom of the boot. Finally, sweet, blessed relief had replaced the agony and the fear of wetting his pants. He opened his eyes to see the knee–high boot already half full with the hot foaming fluid. He kept on going and going and going. He was amazed at not only the force of his stream, but also the scope of it. It looked at least 2 inches thick and wondered how it could fit out of him. At his age, it had been a long time since his stream was like this. He soon knew he would have to stop. He then dumped the contents out the window and proceeded to fill the boot 3 more times until he was done.
Now that his ordeal was over and he was in total bliss with relief, he could laugh as the name piss n boots entered his mind, and he would use it to tell people what had happened. 
PeeGuy