Bursting All Night
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Diana had been bursting for a wee since she left the pub half an hour earlier. She decided to hold it when she saw the appalling state of the toilets in there. She had drank at least four pints of lager on a night out with friends.

At the end of the evening, she had become fidgety. What made the situation worse was that the weather outside was freezing cold, sending a slight chill through her, despite wearing a heavy coat and thermals. She felt tempted to find a quiet, discreet place to wee, but decided to wait and walked to the nearest minicab office.

“Do you have a minicab?” she asked.

“Yes, but you’ll have to wait for a moment,” said the man in the minicab office.

Diana sat down on a hard chair, crossed her legs tightly, and continued to fidget, but also began to shiver a little. Twenty minutes later, and no sign of a minicab.

“Excuse me, when is the minicab coming?” she asked.

“It’s coming, don’t worry,” the man said. The office was extremely busy that night, with a lot of people wanting minicabs. Unfortunately for Diana, she was feeling the pressure in her bladder. She double-crossed her legs and tried to think about letting go all that golden liquid. Another fifteen minutes had passed, and still no sign of a minicab.

“I hate to be a pain sir, but I seriously need a minicab, and I need to get home,” Diana said.

“Look, what’s your problem?!?” snapped the man from the minicab office. “All you’ve done is moan, moan, moan! Why don’t you just wait for the cab or just leave the office, huh?”

Diana got into a huff and walked out into the cold street. as she did so, she felt another chill go through her, sending her into a small spasm. She immediately gasped, and grabbed her crotch through her trousers in a  bid to prevent losing control of her bladder. After a few moments, she took her hands away and started to walk slowly down the street to the nearest bus stop. Unfortunately, there were more late-night revellers at the stop and all the seats were taken. Diana waited half an hour for the bus, becoming more extremely desperate and feeling her full stomach. She knew she was going to lose control soon, so she started to slowly walk away from the bus stop. She had to stop several times to flex her bladder muscles.

At last, there was a public toilet around the corner.

“Oh, thank goodness,” Diana shrieked a sigh as she raced to the toilet, only to pull the door and discover that it was locked.

“Oh, no!” she cried. Another spasm passed suddenly, causing her to grab her crotch again and cross her legs very tightly. She needed to find somewhere to go, and fast. In desperation, she tried to keep her composure as she walked slowly back to the minicab office.

“Oh, so you’ve decided to come back, have you?” the man from the minicab office said, sarcastically.

“I-I apologise for my earlier outburst, I just need a minicab so I can get home,”Diana said.

“We’re very busy, but I’ll try to get one for you,” the man said.

Diana went back to sit down on the hard chair, crossed her legs tightly, and resumed fidgeting. About ten minutes, a minicab had been driven across the front of the office to collect her. She slowly waddled into the cab.

“Where do you want to go?” asked the driver.

“Home…. and quick, I need to wee badly!” Diana replied.

Her home was only twenty minutes away, but it seemed like the longest twenty in her life, because of her now extreme desperation. Another spasm passed, this time a small jet of wee leaked into her underwear. She gasped, and grabbed herself as tightly as ever, double-crossed her legs and began to wriggle uncontrollably in the back seat of the minicab. She felt her bladder was about to burst and couldn’t hold on much longer.

Suddenly, the minicab was quickly driven over a roadhump- that gave Diana a massive jolt, causing a major spasm…. she was going to lose control. Before she could do anything, she let go a violent jet of wee. She gasped again and looked down to see a wet patch the size of a football, had formed between her thighs.

“Er, excuse me, could you stop the cab nearby please? I’m about to wet myself!” Diana asked the driver.

“Are you joking?” he asked, looking puzzled, but then he stopped the mincab as he turned the corner. Diana rushed out, not bothering to notice whether the driver was watching, yanked down her trousers, crouched over the pavement, and let go a huge torrent of wee. She gave a huge sigh of relief as she finally got rid of all that liquid she consumed earlier. Then she looked at the damp patch on her trousers.

“What the…?” the driver had been watching her weeing.

“Er, sorry about that, I needed to wee badly,” mumbled Diana as she pulled up her trousers. It was either go now, or suffer the humiliation of wetting herself in the minicab.

