Title: In Our Last Episode...

By: William Abbot

(Some characters in this story are the copyright property of D.C. Comics. My use of them here is a parody, and is in no way authorized by that illustrious body.)

PREFACE

I will always see Batman and Robin as Adam West and Burt Ward portrayed them in the 1960's-a Batman who is almost monastic in his never ending pursuit of virtue and goodness. He will have had occasional lovers, but his life is mostly celibate, the vulnerabilities of love being so difficult to blend with the rigors of crime-fighting. Self-denial has become instinctive for him. Robin is in his late teens and has come of age physically, but he's lead a life of such narrow focus under Batman's tutelage that he's had very little experience with girls or women. He has the same drives as most hormone-ridden eighteen-year-olds, but they're kept sublimated most of the time by his unrelenting martial training and the endless fight against crime. And both of them, for me, would have the same frighteningly intense sexual undercurrents that I do around the feelings of control and loss-of-control that come with a desperately full bladder.

This story was actually a little scary for me to write. I'm playing with some B&D themes here, which I usually don't go in for, and there's a heavy sexual come-on to a superhero who's an unwilling prisoner. My usual policy is I flatly refuse to write erotica about action that's not 100% consensual, but two things about this story make it possible for me to do that here: First, the author and most readers are going to identify not with the perpetrator but with the bound and helpless (and desperate to piss) hero who is experiencing intense sexual arousal. Second, the whole story is safely removed into the realm of swashbuckling camp, where villainy and mayhem are so lighthearted that we can experience the fight against evil as a game played for the fun of it. So when the competition asked for a story "about some friends that are out and about," when "Something happens to cause them all to wet themselves in a weird location," this is what my mind came up with.

IN OUR LAST EPISODE..."

We see Batgirl, manacled and gagged, struggling with two thugs in striped shirts stenciled with the word "HENCHMAN." The room is dark and cavernous, filled with complicated machinery, ladders, and aerial walkways. Catwoman watches over her cronies as they force Batgirl's arms up over her head and back against a looming, vertical partition dangling with cables and other equipment. She presses a button on a remote-control and huge clamps swing down with a pneumatic hiss to latch in place over Batgirl's upraised arms.

<voiceover> "IN OUR LAST EPISODE, BATGIRL WAS KIDNAPPED! CAUGHT IN THE CALCULATING CLUTCHES OF CATWOMAN AND HELD HOSTAGE BY HER HEINOUS HIRED HENCHMEN. MEANWHILE, BATMAN AND ROBIN THE BOY WONDER ARE PERCHED PRECARIOUSLY ON A PRECIPICE HIGH OVER GOTHAM CITY..."

It is night. The Dynamic Duo are standing on a narrow ledge overlooking one of Gotham City's seediest warehouses. They followed a pair of Catwoman's henchmen here in our last episode, but when their quarry disappeared into the darkened maze of storage sheds and loading docks, they took this vantage point to watch and wait for them to re-emerge. It's been three hours of standing flat against a wall three stories up. Finally, Robin turns to the Caped Crusader and says, "Holy water balloon, Batman. I'm dying to go pee."

"Patience is a virtue, Robin. Nonetheless, I think you need can be accommodated." There is a drainpipe snaking down the wall between them. Reaching into his utility belt, Batman pulls out a small cutting tool which he uses to saw through the flimsy pressed tin. Prying the edges apart, he makes an opening just large enough to pee into.

"Gee, thanks, Batman. It was getting really hard to stand still." Robin turns carefully on the narrow ledge so that he is facing the wall, inches sideways and reaches under the hem of his red tunic to pull down his green nylon briefs and hook the waistband under his balls. Penis in hand, he stands a little on tiptoe to insert himself just far enough into the tiny opening. Batman only smiles and turns away, but in truth he is more than ready for his own turn at the drainpipe. Then suddenly, far below, one of the great heavy loading doors to the warehouse slides open and a car pulls out. It stops and a small man in a striped shirt closes the door behind the car, then scurries around to the passenger side to get in.

"To the Batmobile, quickly!" says Batman. He pulls a Batarang from his utility belt, hooks it to a grappling line and hurls it to whip around a railing across the street. Robin clamps down as fast as he can, stifling his flow when he was only just getting started, and fumbles for his own Batarang, then swings out into the darkness after Batman with his penis not entirely tucked back in, a little wet spot on the hem of his tunic.

They dash to where the Batmobile is hidden and leap inside. "Turbines to speed," says Robin, buckling his seatbelt. "Engage," answers Batman, and with a roar of flame from the tailpile, the sleek black car peels out into the night. Robin reaches down into his pants to adjust himself more comfortably, wriggling in his seat. Batman is biting his lip, wishing he'd had time to empty his bladder, but he's just as glad not to have said anything about it yet. As the henchmen's car rounds a corner a block ahead of them, Batman says, "They seem to be heading for the waterfront. We may be needing the Batboat."

"Roger." Robin flips open a remote control panel with a tiny TV screen in front of him, which he uses to start up the Batboat and bring it down river to the city waterfront.

We see the henchmen's car stop at the edge of the water, and watch them clamber down a ladder to their speedboat. They are already roaring off into the inky darkness as the Batmobile pulls up.

"No time to lose, Robin." The Batboat chugs up to the same dock, and the Dynamic Duo hurry from the Batmobile straight to the Batboat. In seconds, they are following in the wake of the other boat.

"Holy desperation, Batman, I sure wish we'd had time to take a leak back there."

"Patience, Robin. Though if it's a real emergency, you can use the Bat-thermos stowed behind your seat." Batman himself would never consider such a contingency unless he were truly desperate, but he's a little more lenient with his ward than he would be with himself.

"I can probably last 'til we get wherever we're going...if its not too far." Robin grips himself and closes his legs tightly as the camera pulls back and watches them speed away.

<cut to Catwoman's lair>

We have a close-up of Batgirl's face, still gagged. Catwoman walks up to her and strokes her cheek with the backs of her fingers, almost tenderly, then reaches around to loosen the gag.

"What do you want with me?" Batgirl asks.

"With you?" says Catwoman. "Very little. It's Batman I want-Batman I've always wanted. He'll come for you. When he does, I may even let you go." She looks over at a clock. "He certainly is taking his time finding you, though. I did think he was cleverer." She turns to one of her henchmen. "Boris, go get some water and something to eat for our guest." He hurries away, and Catwoman turns back to her captive.

"Any chance I could use a bathroom?"

Catwoman considers for a moment, and then nods. "Doris," she says to a henchwoman standing nearby, "escort Batgirl to the ladies' room. See that she doesn't try to escape." We see a moment of visible relief on Batgirl's face as Catwoman raises the remote control, but before she presses the button, the two henchmen from the car in the warehouse come into the room. Catwoman turns to them. "Norris, Morris, any sign of Batman?" she asks them.

"No, Catwoman. We looked everywhere."

Glancing over at a TV monitor, they see the Batboat pulling up at some scaffolding. It looks like the supports for an off-shore oil rig. We see Robin, in grainy black-and-white, climb out onto the bow and throw a mooring line. "You fools!" says Catwoman. "They were following you the whole time." She turns to Batgirl again. "Sorry, dear. This is more pressing, I'm afraid." She replaces the gag, and Catwoman and her henchpeople begin hurrying to-and-fro, making preparations. The camera comes in close on Batgirl's face again. Her eyes, following the activity around her, have a look of pained anguish in them.

<fast forward>

...past the scenes where Batman and Robin clamber up the scaffolding into Catwoman's lair.

...past the scene of the trap being sprung (before they've had a chance to pee, of course). The trap is some sort of brightly colored coiling springs that shoot up from the floor and twine around them.

<press play>

We see them lying side by side on the floor, each coiled tightly in parti-colored loops. A squad of Catwoman's henchwomen come marching (and jiggling) in, surrounding the struggling pair. Robin, working his hand free, turns to Batman and says "I think I can ... just barely ... get my hand to where I can ... get my dick free and piss ..."

"Robin!" says Batman, horrified. "There are ladies present!"

"Right. Sorry, Batman. I don't know what I was thinking."

<cut to the room where Batgirl is shackled>

The pneumatic clamps close down over Batman's arms. Two of the henchwomen check that they're secure, then leave. He is not wearing wrist manacles or a gag, but otherwise is restrained in exactly the same manner as Batgirl. They are back-to-back; the partition between them is partly steel girder and partly wire mesh. Turning his head to look over his shoulder, Batman says "Courage, Batgirl. We'll find a way out of this sooner or later."

"Ngg hhnnngg," is all the reply she can make through her gag. The camera switches to her face as she looks back at him with desperate hope. She is writhing, still struggling with her bonds. The camera pans down the length of her body. Her breasts are small under the skin-tight black costume, but they thrust forward as her body arches. Further down, we can see she's standing with her legs crossed and hopping up and down. Then the camera swings around to show Batman's thighs, and if we know what to look for, we can see the muscles tighten, relax a little, tighten again ... then we pan up along his well-muscled torso to his face, where the set of his jaw shows a man resolved to stand still-forever, if necessary.

Catwoman enters, walking in a lazy, slinky way, idly swishing a whip at her side. "Batmaannn," she says, her voice like silk velvet stroked lightly over bare skin.

<fast forward>

...past the scene of Robin being led away by the other four henchwomen, and breaking free as they uncoil his trap spring. There's one of those very silly fight scenes with "POW!" and "WHAP!" superimposed on the screen. Robin is uncomfortable fighting women. He won't hit them directly, but when two of them come at him swinging, he holds each one at arms length by the hair and then clonks their heads together. A third one rushes at him and he side-steps, letting her knock herself out against the wall. You get the idea...

<press play>

Robin is loose now, searching through the dark, eerie corridors for his companions. He's also looking for a bathroom, although he has to go so badly by now that he's ready just to find a shadowy corner somewhere-anywhere-and piss against a wall. He bounces up and down on the balls of his feet, looking around, scoping out the likeliest darkened alcove, when he hears Batman's voice saying "You fiend! You ... you villain!" He runs off towards the sound.

<cut to Batman and Batgirl>

"What are you going to do with us?" Batman asks

"With your friends-probably nothing," says Catwoman. "It's you I want, Batman." She walks right up to him, close enough that her body just brushes up against his, and lays a hand on his chest. "It's you I've always wanted." Batman begins to feel himself stiffen involuntarily. She takes a step back, letting the whip slide to the floor and then, raising her hands to her shoulders, she tugs at the neck of her leotard, stretching it out around her shoulders.

The camera follows her every slow, fluid movement as she pulls the burgundy spandex down, first over the vast curves of her breasts (large, full, and firm, the skin very pale as they bounce free, naked in the half-light) and then slithering down her belly (good muscle definition in the abs) and hips (the top edge of the pubic hair dark dark dark as it emerges from the gathered fabric). She hesitates there a moment, teasing us, and then slides it down her legs (the little triangle of soft fur still half hidden in the shadows between her thighs) and over her boots. 

Batman (in a quick close-up) rears his head back in disapproval, flaring his nostrils, but keeps his mouth shut. 

When she is done, Catwoman still wears the mask and the elbow-length gloves (nasty little claws at the finger tips) and thigh-high boots (stiletto heels) of black leather, but the leotard she tosses away. (The camera catches it sliding across the floor for half the length of the room.) The remote-control is tucked into the top of one of her boots; she pushes it a little further in with her thumb, and bends to pick up the whip again. "You're the only man I've ever loved, Batman," she says, walking up to him again until her bare breasts are crushed against his chest.

The camera, circling around behind her, gets an even better view than he does. When the camera has completed a half-circle and is alongside them again, she looks up into his eyes, stroking his face ever so softly with the whip, and says, "You're the only man who could ever satisfy me." He's quite hard now, his aching bladder almost forgotten in the rush of other feelings. He pulls his hips back, away from her, trying not to let her feel his hard-on.

The camera continues circling and brings us to Batgirl's face, craning around to see as much of this as she can, her expression now mostly concern for her friend (though she's still squirming).

Cut back to Batman's face, which shows just a hint of fear, an undercurrent of outrage, but mostly iron self-control. "Ours are different paths, Catwoman," he says. "Mine, the straight and narrow; yours, the wide and crooked."

She only purrs, and lowers her hands to loosen his utility belt, which she tosses over her shoulder to clatter to the floor behind her. He scowls at her as she tugs at the waistband of his blue and gray trousers and slides them down just enough to bring out his huge, rock-hard penis. She drops to one knee to inspect him. "Straight up, yes," she says, "but not especially narrow." She is close enough that he can feel her breath on the skin of his shaft. Then she stands again, and arches toward him, pressing her whole body against his and raising one leg to hook behind him.

Pissing is no longer the strongest of Batman's urges. He is throbbing with arousal, half-mad with lust, but unwilling to yield to Catwoman's will. "I can be very friendly if only you'll cooperate," she says. She sets her feet on the floor again and rests her hands on his shoulders, looking into his eyes. "I'll let the Boy Blunder go home; he's of no interest to me. Same with that girl behind you. She's been shackled there for ten hours. I was about to give her a little break to tend to some of her needs, but your arrival interrupted us. She's getting pretty uncomfortable by now. Say the word and she's free to go."

Batman feels himself redden as he works out what she means. Ten hours without a bathroom-Batgirl would be desperate. His arousal cranks up a notch, a bead of slippery pre-come forms on the tip of his penis, and his chivalrous heart finds itself terribly vulnerable to the predicament of the woman at his back. "You fiend!" he cries. "You ... you villain!"

"I love it when you call me nasty names," she says, and she takes his face in her hands and kisses him, her mouth open, her lips wet and hungry and hot. Batman remains absolutely motionless, his jaw clenched shut, his lips unyielding, his expression carved from stone, until she shoves herself off of him, suddenly angry. "I hate you!" she hisses. "We could have been so good together!" But Batman sees two things at once: He sees Robin step quietly into the room about thirty feet behind Catwoman, and he sees that the remote control has worked its way much looser in Catwoman's boot-top. In one lightning-fast movement, he kicks out, grazing the side of Catwoman's thigh and sending the remote control flying.

Catwoman turns, sees Robin dive for it. She strides away after it (Batman's breath catching at the sight of her naked ass, and the way her hips move with each step). Raising her whip with one hand, she punches at a wall switch with the other and a heavy steel door comes sliding down to partition the room. She turns just long enough to say "Later, my love," and blow him a kiss as the door slams shut between them with a deafening clang.

Robin is bewildered in the first two seconds as he comes through the door. He sees Batman shackled, sees him kick something towards him. Trying desperately to control his bladder, he dives to catch it and comes up, only to see Catwoman naked, breasts bouncing as she rushes at him. His eyes bulge and his jaw drops at the sight. The sound of the steel door doesn't even register, but only adds to the sensory confusion as her whip lashes out and catches him, pinning his arms to his sides. "Not so fast, Boy Wonder," she says, and yanks-hard-to reel him in like a yo-yo, grabbing the front of his tunic as he reaches her and pulling him down as she tumbles backward onto the floor.

They land with Catwoman on her back and Robin on his knees astride her-on top, but helpless. He wriggles this way and that, but the whip holds him tight. He's very aware of a naked woman between his bare thighs, tries to look away, tries to fix on her eyes, but cannot help drinking in the sight of her whole glorious full female figure laid out before and beneath him. She runs her clawed fingertips down the row of yellow laces on his red tunic, easily cutting through two or three of them, then lets her hand brush against his crotch. She finds him hard, bulging through his green nylon briefs. She purrs in delight and looks up at him with new appreciation. 

"We're going to have to stop calling you 'Boy' Wonder." Then she rakes his thigh very lightly with her claws-not enough to break the skin, just enough to send an exquisite shiver up Robin's spine. The sensation is altogether too much. He gasps for breath, and his bladder control is suddenly gone completely. He is peeing right through his costume, fountaining all over Catwoman's belly. The hot flood pools between his thighs and runs down into his green shoes. Catwoman can feel it on her belly and pouring off to either side (puddles spreading under her back) and also working its way under Robin's bottom to trickle through her own pubic hair and along the folds of her own inner thighs. She looks up at him, sees him flustered and still fighting for control, and says "Why Robin, I think I'm starting to like you."

Robin, still leaking, makes one last heroic effort to pull himself free, and finding the right leverage at last, he rolls away from her unwinding the whip as he goes. He grabs the end of it as he springs to his feet and jerks it quickly out of her hands. She rises gracefully to stand opposite him, no wasted movement anywhere, and regards him languorously, completely comfortable in her own body, tall and naked, her breasts bouncing gently. A bead of golden liquid runs down her glistening belly like rainwater on a window pane, until it is caught in her soft fur. She smiles at Robin, says, "We must do this again sometime," and then she cartwheels to one side, landing to roll and disappear through a trapdoor, silent as a cat even in her heels.

Left alone, head spinning, and still with a boner that bulges hugely through his costume, Robin looks down at the remote control in his hand. It says "Restraint Control," and two buttons are labeled "Lock" and "Release."

<cut to Batman and Batgirl>

Batman is also more or less alone and Catwoman has left him with his penis still out of his pants, so he could possibly piss. His waistband is hugging the very base of his shaft, pointing him at the ceiling. If he pisses, it will arc out halfway across the room. This is fine. It's not always easy to pee through an erection, but he's got more than enough pressure built up to make a go of it. Batgirl is still there, of course, but she is behind him with her back turned. It may be now or never. He tries to let go-finds the plumbing will take a minute to shift gears. Bearing down doesn't help, he's just got to relax enough to let it go. Once it's flowing, it'll be unstoppable. Almost, now. He can feel it coming...

Then all of a sudden, with a hiss of steam and a series of heavy thumps and bangs, the clamps over his arms are released. He reaches down, thinking to adjust his aim to a more reasonable angle, but a second later Batgirl comes running around from behind the partition. She sees him exposed, looks quickly away, but he tucks himself back in quickly (hoping the hard-on doesn't show too much). "It's OK now," he says, and then he steps behind her to untie her gag.

"Are you hurt?" she asks him.

"Only my dignity. We've got to get to Robin." He turns to inspect the steel door, but it's heavy and doesn't look like its going away any time soon.

Batgirl is trying to reach behind her, up under her cape, but the manacles on her wrists are giving her trouble. "Batman," she says. "I need you to do something for me. I have to..." She mouths the word "pee" in a silent whisper. "...really bad." Her voice is pleading, and she stands hunched over, bobbing up and down.

"Certainly," he says. "I'll turn my back. Or would you rather I leave the room altogether?"

"No! I can't get to my zipper with these cuffs on," she says, holding out her hands for him to see.

He takes her hands in his and looks down at the manacles-titanium steel alloy, with a high-security key lock. "I have a set of lock picks in my utility belt," he says, feeling very awkward, almost tongue-tied in this situation. His belt is gone, of course. He looks around for it. "It must be around here somewhere. Or-there's a laser in the trunk of the Batmobile that would cut right through these."

"For Chrissakes, Batman, will you just unzip me?!?"

"Oh...yes. Certainly, Ma'am. Er...Miss."

"Call me Batgirl."

"Yes, Mi..." He clears his throat, swallowing hard as he throws her cape forward over her shoulder and finds the zipper pull at the back of her neck. He slides it down the entire length of her spine, trying to touch her as little as possible, using only the very tips of his fingers. As the shimmering black fabric (a Kevlar/Gor-Tex blend, very durable) parts a couple of inches, we notice there isn't a bra strap across her back.

"Thank you," she says with deep relief. "Now, if you would like to turn your back, it would be much appreciated."

He turns, but just then from a doorway at the far end of the room, we hear "There they are! Get them!" Three or four henchmen come running in. They are carrying weapons that look like a cross between a handgun and a cannon, molded from three different bright colors of plastic. They fire more of the coiling spring traps, which shoot out and skitter across the floor. Batman and Batgirl have to leap over them to avoid being caught. They turn and run (being outnumbered, outgunned, unzipped, and on the verge of wetting themselves) down one corridor and then another, the henchmen in close pursuit, until they find themselves in a passage with storage lockers along either side.

"In here," says Batman, ducking slightly to step inside. Batgirl follows, squeezing in beside him and pulling the door shut with a click. The camera shows us their faces, illuminated by only a sliver of light coming through a ventilation slit. We hear the footsteps of the henchmen running past, then receding into the distance. "Let's double back."

"Good idea." Batgirl begins to feel around the inside of the door for a latch, but there isn't one. "Oh no," she says.

"No latch?"

"Oh dear. Batman, this is bad."

"If you can move a little to one side, I might be able to find a way to..."

"Batman, I can't hold it. I'm ... I'm going to..." She reaches up to her neck and begins frantically trying to pull her suit off. "Please, can you help me get this just past my shoulders?" He slides his hands up under her cape to find the open zipper. "Hurry!!!" she pleads. He parts his hands, sliding the cloth down along her upper arms. He's still trying to be circumspect, but in the small space it's impossible for her not to be wriggling right up against him. 

He hopes she doesn't feel his erection against her bottom, but it seems very unlikely that she wouldn't. Desperately, she hauls the costume down to her waist (bare shoulders just visible in the dim light) unclips her utility belt (just letting it drop to the floor, I don't care, I've got to get my pants down, oh my God) and pushes the suit down around her thighs, then hooks her thumbs round the waistband of her undies. "Um ... oh God. Help. Batman? I can't get my panties down far enough. Can you ... Can you just tear them off of me?"

"Uhhhhh ... I ..."

"Please!?!? Oh God, quick!" She squirms violently, banging against the sides of the locker.

He takes the elastic waistband in his hands, but it's too stretchy and tough. Braving the unthinkable, he puts his hands directly on her buttocks to take a double handful of the soft, delicate silk. It rips easily down the middle, then pulls entirely loose from the elastic. Batgirl is frantically pushing the suit further down-if she can get it at least to her knees. She can't possibly squat in here, but maybe she can squirm around to where she can bend her knees enough. Batman feels her little bare bottom pressed right against his swollen, upturned penis for a moment (Oh God, she thinks, please don't let me spray directly into Batman's crotch). Then she inches herself down, her back wedged up against him, hoping please God that she can hold it just another second until she's in a good position to...

"Oh my God!" she says. "Oh ... Damn!" When she lets loose, most of her costume is still rumpled between her legs. She sighs in resignation, letting the waterfall gush into her boots as well as splashing on the floor. She allows her body to relax against Batman's great strong chest as she pees for a minute ... two minutes ... Eventually the flows begins to slacken a bit. It stops, but she can still feel pressure inside. She takes a deep breath and starts peeing again, for at least another minute. 

"Oh God, this is embarrassing," she says. "I'm sorry." She adjusts her position, trying to straighten her knees a little. She's standing up now, still leaning back against him, naked to the elbows and knees and still peeing hopelessly right down onto her costume. Batman, gripping her by the shoulders, has gone completely rigid, his fingers digging into her. "Batman? Are you all right?"

In a strangled voice, he manages to say "I'm ... going to come."

Her mouth opens in surprise, then she smiles and wriggles around in the cramped space to face him (naked breasts, small but soft and round, tantalizingly not-quite-visible) "Oh, you poor dear sweet man. I was afraid I'd totally repulsed you." And she rises up on tiptoe to kiss him. Just lightly. And his whole body shudders, he grips her reflexively, crushing her against him (as she squeezes out the last of her pee between her thighs) and sliding his hands (gloved in midnight blue silk) over her back (bare and smooth, her rib cage surprisingly narrow). 

Her manacled wrists are caught between them; she can feel his quadriceps flex against the backs of her hands. She turns them to cup his balls lightly in her fingers, and he groans deeply, his eyes popping as the first spurt of hot semen comes out against the inside of his pants. His hand moves to her ass, pressing her into him, one of his fingers resting against her anus, and he spurts again, feels himself throb six, seven, eight times, until Batgirl can feel it seeping through the cloth, warm and sticky against her belly button. Then, his knees quivering, Batman slumps back against the walls of the closet, panting for breath.

"Batgirl, I ... I had no intention of ... That is to say, I..."

"Shhh," she whispers. She lays the palm of her hand against the bat symbol over his heart. "It's OK. It never happened. We need never speak of this again. Friends, right?"

He lets out a long breath and nods. "Just friends," he says, resting his hand over hers.

"Very good friends," she adds. She reaches down to her suit, hanging suspended between her arms and her ankles, and begins sliding the wet cloth back up her legs. "Yeech," she groans. "I would have been better off just peeing in my pants. I've gotten everything wet."

Batman feels naked here in this little space, this closet the size of a confessional, even though he is still fully clothed. Naked of heart, and safe in a way he hadn't realized he wasn't before. His bladder aches terribly now. It will be just a minute-maybe less-before the internal tubing adjusts from one function to the other, and he feels ready now to reveal his own secret desperation, even to wet his own costume in front of her. "Batgirl..."

But then there are footsteps again, a single set moving more slowly, and a voice outside says, "Batman?"

"Robin! In here!"

Batgirl is pulling her costume up to the level of her breasts (that sliver of light raking across her nipples, but never showing us the whole view at once). "Zip me up, first?" she asks.

"Certainly." She turns her back to him again, hiking the cloth up onto her shoulders, and he reaches down, less shy than before but still quite circumspect. The zipper is open all the way down to the cleavage between her cheeks. He finds the pull, tugs at it gently. "Um ... The mechanism ... It appears it may be broken."

"Oh great. Oh well. At least my cape should cover me."

"Batman?" from outside again. "Where are you?"

"In one of the lockers, Robin. Follow the sound of my voice." He raps on the inside of the door as well, and suddenly it swings open and they blink as light floods the little compartment.

"Batgirl!" says Robin. "He found you! Are you all right?"

She smiles in embarrassment. "Yeah. I wet myself, is all." she says. "Catwoman had me tied up for ten hours. I couldn't hold it any more."

"Yeah?" Robin smiles. "Me too! All over Catwoman." Batgirl laughs at this, and pats him on the shoulder. Robin's hard-on had mostly subsided, but hearing about Batgirl's accident and telling her about his own has him swelling again. "Uh, here, Batman. I found your utility belt." He looks over at the Caped Crusader. One of his legs is wet from the knee down-from Batgirl, obviously-and there's a little wet spot right up near his waistband. Robin assumes this must also be Batgirl's pee, not stopping to realize that it's higher than the level of her crotch.

Batman buckles his utility belt on (making sure it rides high enough not to press on his bladder) and says, "To the Batboat! We're in great peril here."

As Batgirl turns to look down the corridor, Robin follows the swish of her cape with his eyes and notices the open zipper. If he doesn't get a chance to reach into his pants soon and point himself upwards, his penis is going to force itself right out one of his leg holes. He turns back to Batman. "Can't we have just a little peril?" he asks.

"No! It's too perilous. This way." They take off down the hall, Batman in the lead, trying to keep his footfalls gentle so as not to jounce his bladder around too much. Batgirl follows and Robin takes up the rear, his eyes riveted to the flash of bare skin that peaks out now and then as her cape swishes to and fro, and trying discretely to adjust his boner in his pants as he runs.

<cut to outside>

Now they're standing on a platform at the top of one of the huge, scaffolded supports that holds the entire structure up over the surface of the river. The sky is beginning to pale as they look down at the water two stories below them, waves catching the light. The Batboat is moored to a different support, about a hundred feet away. "We'll have to swim for it," says Batman.

"I can't swim in these cuffs," says Batgirl. "Even climbing down the scaffolding is going to be quite a trick."

"Right." Batman's legs are rigid, his thighs clamped tight together. He desperately wants to be down there in the river where he could finally let go and no one would be the wiser-wants it right now-but forces himself to remain the responsible team leader. "Robin, is your lifesaving certificate still valid?"

"Sure thing, Batman."

"You dive in. I'll lower Batgirl to you hand-over-hand with the Bat-rope. We should remove our capes for swimming." He unhooks his own cape and tosses it aside, then reaches behind him to pull a length of flexible steel cable from his utility belt, lashing it securely to the scaffold. Robin removes his shorter yellow cape, then looks at Batgirl, who is fumbling awkwardly with the clasp at her throat. Wordlessly, she leans forward and tips her head back so Robin can help. As the silk slides to the floor at her feet, Robin hesitates a moment, idly hoping that she'll turn around and show him how much of that zipper is open. She doesn't-only stands and smiles at him. 

"Let's go!" Batman says impatiently, fighting to control another spasm in his bladder, and Robin turns away and dives into the river. Batman hands the end of the Bat-rope to Batgirl and braces himself to take her weight. The sound of waves lapping at the scaffolding is driving him mad, and he wonders if he can last even the few minutes until he's down in the water himself.

Standing on the edge of the platform, leaning backwards and ready to rappel down, she looks into his eyes for what seems a long moment. "A kiss for luck?" she asks.

Batman grimaces. He wants to be alone for a minute, damnit. He really can't hold on much longer. He forces a smile, leans forward and presents his cheek for her demure lips. He's about to lose it. "Batgirl, I have to..." She looks at him quizzically, waiting for him to finish his sentence. 

"Just hurry," he says. She nods and kicks off into space. As he lowers her the thirty feet to where Robin is treading water, Batman finds that the weight of her helps him to keep his muscles clenched. Hand-over-hand, he plays out the length of the Bat-rope, grinding his teeth with the effort of self-control. He feels a little hot jet come out anyway, and spread into a warm wet spot in his crotch. Then the tension on the rope lets up suddenly as Batgirl reaches the water. Batman is off balance for a moment, recovers, and then simply lets it go. He stands there, smiling broadly as he pisses down the insides of his legs, soaking the trousers of his costume, wetting the linings of his boots, making a puddle on the rusty steel platform that spills over the edge to pour down into the river below, and absolutely not caring.

He watches Robin, far below, swimming the sidestroke, pulling Batgirl along with him. Watches him climb into the boat, and then turn to help her up in. It looks like the currents of water have started to pull her costume loose again, at least down off of her shoulders. They turn to look up at him.

"You coming?" Robin shouts, his voice thin across the space between the scaffolds.

Batman is almost done peeing now, his wet legs cooling in the breeze. He squeezes out another squirt-feels warmth again as the new wave flows down his thighs. He waves to Robin and Batgirl, then steps forward off into space and plummets the thirty feet to the water, his toes pointed down for smooth entry, and surfaces again to swim to join them. He hoists himself easily over the gunwale and settles into the driver's seat.

Robin is already buckled in to his right. "You look happy," he says. "Mission accomplished, right?" Batman only nods, smiling in spite of himself, and starts the engine. Batgirl is sitting on the bow, legs to one side like a mermaid. Her costume has indeed come very loose again, and she's holding it in place over her breasts with her hands.

"Where should I sit?" she asks.

"Robin's lap is the only place there's room," answers Batman. "I can assure you, he'll be a gentleman."

As Batgirl steps carefully over the windshield and climbs down to stand between his knees, Robin is suddenly close to apoplexy. He'd been allowing himself to gaze dreamily at her bare shoulders, savoring the memory of what she'd felt like in his arms as he'd brought her to the Batboat, and thinking about where she might have been when she'd wet herself and what she'd have looked like when it happened. He'd found a comfortable position for his hard-on, and it didn't show with him sitting down here, so he'd given free-reign to his fantasies and now it was actually pulsing in his pants with every beat of his heart. It hadn't occurred to him yet to wonder where she'd actually sit in the tiny little cockpit with only its two bucket seats and almost no floor space.

"May I?" she asks, leaning over him. If she were to let go of her suit now, it would fall completely away from her breasts, just inches from his face.

"Sh ... sure."

She turns around, her whole back bare, the zipper open well below her utility belt, right down to her cleavage. He groans. Maybe if she just perches on his knees, he can control himself-start working calculus problems in his head, or something...

"Loosen your seatbelt, Robin. You should both be buckled in."

He stops breathing. With shaking hands, he unbuckles his belt and loosens it as far as it will go. Batgirl sits down, slides her bottom back so she's nestled right into him. Keeping his arms as far out to his sides as he can, he brings the belt around them both. He tries to close it in front of her without touching her, finds he cannot do this, and as he cinches it tight across her lap he is overwhelmed with the warmth of her belly against his arms. The seatbelt pulls her crotch right down against his throbbing boner, the tip jammed up (as far as he can tell) right against her asshole. He grips the armrests of his seat tightly, his hands visibly trembling. Batgirl half-turns to look at him over his shoulder. 

"Don't worry," she says. "I won't break." 

As Batman rams the throttle forward, Robin is grateful for the motion of the Batboat pounding over the waves, masking the intense spasms that rock his entire body as he comes.

<cut to the roof of Catwoman's lair>

Three of Catwoman's henchmen are gathered round a World War II artillery cannon overlooking the river. The camera switches briefly to a view of the Batboat through the infra-red scope, crosshairs lined up on our escaping heroes.

"Ready to blow them out of the water on your signal, Catwoman."

She is wearing her other leotard, now-the Catouflage-olive drab with bold black tiger stripes. The camera is behind her as she shifts her weight sensuously from one foot to the other, letting her muscular hips sway in the skin-tight costume. She raises a finger to touch the back of the gunner's hand. "No," she says, gazing out over the water. "Let them go. I'm rather looking forward to their next little visit." 

