First Time...hurt So Good
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by blahmeblah on March 17th, 2010 at 9:37PM

1 story

I always enjoyed being desperate and the excruciating need to pee, but at any point when it became unbearable or close to the point of bursting, I ran to empty my bladder. This past weekend, I really wanted to see what it would feel like to wet myself. I’ve been curious to try and I have watched videos of girls doing and it seemed very enticing so I really wanted to see for myself.

I slept on Saturday night needing to pee and I woke up on Sunday morning feeling like I was going to burst. My husband was leaving for the day so I knew I’d have some time for myself this morning to experiment. My urgent need to pee grew as I laid in bed so I shoved my hand quickly into my pants and pressed hard. My husband was taking a shower and it was definitely not helping that all I could hear is the sound of the gushing waters. He finally finished, got ready and came and kissed me goodbye.

As soon as he left, I got up and walked towards the kitchen, I could tell that if I didn’t pee sometime soon that I would lose it pretty quickly but I still wanted to push myself to the extreme so I took an empty bottle of water and ran the faucet as I watched it fill up…the sound of the water running made it even worse to stand up straight so I took my hand once again and pushed hard against my pee hole. Once the bottle was completely filled, I chugged it all and I proceeded to grab my foot spa which I also filled with cold water and placed it at the bottom of my couch. I told myself that I was going to take this to the extreme and I really was.

I sat on the couch and I placed my feet in the water. An instant wave of pain hit me and I felt my pee push against my pee hole but I held my breath and stopped myself from peeing. I didn’t want to touch myself or use my hands in between my legs. As I sat there, my legs shook of extreme desperation and I can feel my muscles tense up from holding it so hard. I really wanted to pee and all the pressure came roaring back like a freight train to my bladder, more than anything I wanted to give my pussy a quick squeeze but I kept telling myself not to.

I finally couldn’t bear another moment, the urgent need and the cold water made it very difficult to keep this up, I quickly jammed my hand in my pussy and I pushed it hard against my pee hole. I knew I didn’t want to wet the couch so I stood up and slowly walked to the kitchen as with every move I can feel myself closer and closer to peeing. I’ve never had to pee so badly in my life. As I reached the kitchen, I leaned towards the counter and pushed against my bladed to give myself that edge to push me over to pee myself but I found it so hard to pee myself. I wanted to pee so badly, I was in so much pain but I couldn’t get myself to pee.

My pussy was throbbing and pulsating with forceful pain. My pee was forcing itself against my pee hole and yet I could not let go so I pushed even harder against my bladder as I opened my legs wide and slowly removed my hand from between my legs hoping that I’ll finally go….but nothing..i wanted to cry, I had to pee sooooo bad at this point I couldn’t even take it so I finally walked up to the sink and ran the faucet again hoping it will make me go and as I stood there with my legs wide open I felt a spurt come out, it was warm and it felt so good but subconsciously my muscles clenched to hold the pee again so I moaned and whimpered in pain… I just really wanted to pee and so I took a deep breath..and there it was, another spurt, again, it hurt so good that this time I could not stop, I squeezed my legs together and pushed my hand into my pussy as I felt the pee against my hand. I couldn’t stop. It kept running down my legs as I stood there in awe, whimpering….


I’ve never felt such pain and pleasure at once. I cant wait to do it again

