Title: Rosemary's Ride

By: Neil

My girlfriend Rosemary and I often have ehold-iti contests, usually in the evenings, when we are out drinking, but last summer we held one in the day, while visiting a popular amusement park near where we live. Despite differing bladder capacities, we have worked out a handicap system that ensures fairly even contests with both of us having a chance to win. Rosemary had won the previous two contests, so she was starting with two extra drinks, and with several coffees at breakfast, it was not long before I noticed that she was starting to show signs of needing to pee.

I was still feeling OK, so to help things along, I suggested we went on a water ride, hoping that this would increase her need. Throughout the ride Rosemary was sitting with her legs tightly crossed, and as we were walking about, considering where to go next, she was twisting her legs together every time we stopped, and had one hand in her pocket most of the time. I wondered how much longer she would hold on before saying something, and how long she was going to be able to last before giving way. It was a hot day, and Rosemary was wearing a pair of skin-tight, blue Lycra cycling shorts, and a pair of tiny thong knickers to avoid showing any outline under her shorts. This was not an outfit for taking your bladder to its limit, as the slightest leak would show clearly.

We were walking past the long queue for the roller coaster, one of the most popular rides, when we heard our names being called. In the queue were a couple we knew, Steve and Hilary, and they were asking us to join them on the roller coaster. Apparently, as it was so popular, every car had to carry the full four people, and they wanted us to make up a full car with them rather than share with strangers. We had some reservations about pushing in the queue, but saw that lots of groups had just one queuing and then the rest joining near the end.

I quickly accepted their invitation, both because we wanted to try the ride and because this would keep Rosemary away from the loo a bit longer. Initially she had been standing with her legs crossed, but as time passed, she was beginning to fidget more, putting her weight on each leg in turn and twisting about so as to cross her legs tighter. She was also looking about to see if there was a public loo near that she might make a quick visit to. Nothing blatant, but the signs were there if you were watching.

A relevant point here is that Hilary is stunningly attractive, real beauty queen material, and Rosemary knows that I really fancy her. Thus Rosemary is always a bit on the defensive when were are with her, and tries to show herself in the best light possible. We have been out drinking with Steve and Hilary several times, and we knew that Hilary had a bladder like a horse, usually going the whole evening without using the loo. 

Thus Rosemary was not going to make a big fuss about wanting a pee while Hilary was about if she could help it. If there had been a loo next to the queue she might have casually popped in, but she was not going to go off and look for one and risk missing the ride, as this would have shown Hilary that she was desperate. I had memorised the locations of the loos, and knew that we were a long way from any, and that Rosemary would either have to wait or make a real issue of simply having to pee before she could go on the ride. As I had expected, Rosemary chose to grit her teeth and wait, as it looked as if we were on the next ride.

We just didnit make the next ride, and at the prospect of another delay, Rosemary twisted away from Hilary and pretended to adjust her shorts, taking the opportunity to hold her crutch while she was doing this. I knew she must be getting desperate, and thought she might give up and admit she had to pee before going on the roller coaster. However, the thought of looking a silly little girl in front of Hilary must have made her decide to hold on somehow, biting her lower lip and folding her arms across her stomach where her bladder must have been beginning to hurt.

Finally we were on the roller coaster, and, by some neat manoeuvring, I was sitting next to Hilary, facing Steve and Rosemary, who had her legs knotted, one foot behind the other leg to get maximum pressure, gripping the safety rail tightly because of the tension in her bladder, not fear of the ride. I had rarely seen Rosemary as desperate as this, and the thought that it was still going to be some time before she could pee was raising my pulse rate. I needed to pee, but nothing like as bad as she did, so I was going to be able to enjoy her desperation in relative comfort.

The roller coaster was the usual ride to start with, building up speed and height in preparation for the final near vertical climb and fall. The jolts as the car went over the joins in the track were being magnified a hundred times by Rosemaryis bursting bladder, and her grim tense expression was not caused by fear. Twice I saw her let go of the hand rail and hold her crutch, presumably when the urge to go became unbearable, and I thought that Hilary was also staring at this. Had she also noticed that Rosemary was absolutely desperate for a pee? I still though that she would just somehow manage to hold on, even if she had to run for the loo as soon as we finished, but about half way through the ride, climbing to the top a hump, we came gently to a stop.

Nothing dramatic, just a gentle stop and then silence. We looked at each other, asking the usual questions, ewhatis happened? Is it a breakdown or planned?i while Rosemary bit her lip in frustration and desperation at the delay. Then there came an announcement over the speakers concealed in each car. "A slight technical problem, nothing to worry about, everybody to keep calm and stay where they were, and we would be going again soon." No problem for anyone except Rosemary, who was gripping the hand rail, face screwed up and eyes shut, in sheer desperation, wanting to pee worse than she had ever done in her life before, or that is what it looked like. Hilary and Steve though that it was fear not desperation, and began to reassure her that we were not in any danger.

"Iim not frightened," said Rosemary, "itis just that I want a loo so badly I canit bear it any longer. Iim sorry, but I really canit wait any longer, I am going to have to piss myself."

I could not believe what she was saying, nor that she would actually wet herself, as I had never known her do that before, but as she sat there with her legs still crossed, so a dark patch appeared between her legs and I could hear a trickle of pee falling to the floor of the car. Then she completely gave in to her desperation, and uncrossed her legs, releasing the full pressure of her bursting bladder. A steady stream of pee hit the floor and began to form a puddle until it found a hole to run away through. The dark patch on Rosemaryis shorts was spreading down her legs and up the front, as she let her pee pour out.

She kept repeating "Iim sorry, I canit help it, I couldnit wait any longer." But the expression on her face showed she was anything but sorry; the relief was so great that she could not help enjoying it. Steve looked shocked and embarrassed by this, but Hilary was staring at Rosemary, her eyes wide with amazement and excitement. There was no doubt that she was enjoying the spectacle as much as I was. The moment seemed to go on for ever, Rosemary always had a slow stream, and with her bladder stretched to its limit, she must have been peeing for two minutes before she finally stopped, then covered her face in shame and bent forward to try to cover the wetness of her shorts. She was quietly sobbing now, and kept repeating "Iim sorry, I wanted to go so badly, I couldnit bear to have to wait any longer. It hurt so much I just had to piss, I could not stand it any more."

Hilary reached across the car and held her shoulders. "Itis OK Rosemary," she said, "nobody else knows whatis happened. We can all stand round you when we get off, and nobody will see. We can get to a loo, and Iill help you clean up." As if to affirm this, an announcement said that we were being taken slowly back to the start, and the ride would be out of action for the day. When we got off, we all crowded round Rosemary to try and hide her wet shorts, and walking like this we got her into the nearest Ladies, where, with Hilaryis help, she tried to clean up. None of us had a coat that she could wrap round her waist and hide the wet shorts, so Hilary, with a flash of inspiration, completely soaked them, so you could not tell why they were wet.

Despite this, I took Rosemary straight home to change, as she was still very upset by what she had done. I wondered why she had not tried to wait longer by holding her crutch, as she normally did when she was desperate, but she told me that her bladder had been hurting so much could not bear to have to wait any longer, and that holding her crutch did nothing to ease the pain.

