Elizabeth, Alyssa and Michelle had a free night, and decided to go out and have fun. They went to the movies, and then to a bar to watch some band play. It was a sisters' night out. They stayed at the bar a couple of hours, drinking, looking at guys and chatting about recent events (except for Elizabeth and Alyssa don't share certain secrets with their little sister). Then they decided it was late and went home. Michelle took a bus, while Elizabeth walked Alyssa to their mother's home, since her sister was pretty drunk. Considering that their mother was out on a trip, she decided to stay all night with her sister, so they took a cab and headed home. Alyssa was barely able to stay awake during the trip, and when they arrived she throws herself over the bed and falls asleep almost immediately, with her clothes still on.
Elizabeth decided to sleep in the same room, the one they shared when they were young and living together. There was the bunk bed (which brings her some good memories) and also the bed that belonged to Michelle and that now was occupied by Alyssa, being a single bed and more comfortable. So she decided to take the lower bed in the bunk. She undressed, leaving only her thong (she sleeps braless because she can admit it, she doesn't have too much to hold) and took a nightie from her sister's drawer. Then she went to the bathroom and began to brush her teeth, but as the water began to run all the liquid she had drunk that night wanted to get out of her body right away. She had to take a fast couple of steps towards the toilet, with a rivulet of pee already running down one of her thighs, and pull down her thong in a quick move, just when the forceful stream begun to erupt from her body. With the toothbrush still inside her mouth she thought "lucky that I was already in the bathroom, otherwise I would've wet myself," and added "more" when realized the wetness in her leg and the wet area in her thong.
After cleaning herself, she took off her thong, put it in the laundry basket, and finished brushing. Listening Alyssa's heavy breathing she imagined how much she would've been interested in what just happened. By the way, she didn't recall seeing her sister going to the toilet in the bar, and since they had both drunk almost the same, she thought, "Alyssa, you better wake up in the middle of the night, or you'll wake up sleeping in a lake." And listening to how deep her sister was sleeping, she wasn't sure Alyssa would make it dry through the night.
Then she had an idea. She remembered that, at school, there was this rumour that if you put the hand of a sleeping person in a bowl of water, you could make that person pee in their sleep. Since it was possible that Alyssa would end up wetting the bed anyway, and considering her sister's fetish, she decided to give her a hand and try that out with her. Besides, Alyssa would probably enjoy it... a lot.
Amused with her idea, Elizabeth finished brushing and went to the kitchen, took a bowl and filled it with water. When she returned to the bedroom she found her sister just as she had left her, sleeping on her belly with her head over the pillow, the legs slightly apart and her arms lying where they fell when she threw herself over the bed.
Elizabeth grabbed her sister's left arm and moved it slowly, trying not to wake her up, leaving it hanging from the side of the mattress. Then she placed the bowl under her sister's hand, until the fingers were submerged in the water. "That should be enough" she thought and stood beside the bed, staring at Alyssa's ass, waiting to see the wet spot appear on the fabric of the jeans.
A few minutes passed and nothing happened. "I thought this would be faster," she complained. As the minutes passed by, she begun to imagine what would Alyssa do when she woke up all wet. "I don't think she'd be mad at me, it's only a joke. What's more, I'm sure she'll lock herself in the bathroom and touch herself as she did in the train station." While having those thoughts, she wasn't aware that she was caressing her mound over her nightie, imagining her sister masturbating.
When a finger found its way down the nightie and between her pussy lips, she suddenly realized what she was doing and quickly took her hand off. What would Alyssa think of her if she wakes up and finds her sister masturbating while staring at her? She also noticed her own bare pussy, so she went to her sister's underwear drawer and, since Alyssa doesn't have any thongs, borrowed panties. Tired of standing around and waiting, she went to her own bed and lay there still staring at her sister's jeans. She was so tired that she finally fell asleep without knowing the result of her experiment.
— ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Alyssa was at her office desk. She feels the urge to pee, but first she has to finish a report. She wanted to grab herself between her legs, but that would delay her work, so she keeps on typing. The report seems to take forever, and she's more desperate every minute. Her legs are trembling, maybe because of her need or maybe due to the cold, because she has no pants on. Did she go to work without fully dressing? She can't remember, her only concern right now is that she's dying to pee... well, at least if she can't make it she won't wet her pants, only her panties. And she won't even wet her chair, because she's not sitting in front of her desk but in a toilet!
Cool, that way she can pee while typing the report. She can pee herself in the office, in front of everybody! She gets excited thinking about it. She doesn't want to undress completely in front of her co–workers, so she decides to pee through her panties, later her pants will cover them and no one will notice. Feeling that she can't hold it any longer, she decides to relax and let it flow. She feels the pee escaping from her body, wetting her pussy and panties, and pooling against her body. Why isn't it falling inside the toilet? Has she sat on the lid? And now she's feeling the wetness going up to her belly.
Alyssa wakes up in a shock and grabs the sides of the bed with both hands. She's lying in the bed fully clothed and peeing herself in her sleep! Her instincts make her try to cut the flow, but her bladder is too full and just ignores her. Then she remembers the excitement of peeing at the office in her dream and stops fighting. Instead she moves her right hand down, reaching the soaked waist of her jeans and pushing it between the fabric and her skin until her fingers touch her lower lips. She begins to rub herself, feeling the pee soak her fingers while her hips move up and down following the movements against her sex. She's still peeing when an orgasm shakes her body and has to bury her head in the pillow to cover the scream. Lying on the soaked bed, enjoying the relaxation and the pleasure, she feels like falling asleep again, but then hears her sister sleeping in the other bed. If Elizabeth finds her sleeping in a wet bed, she wouldn't believe her that it was an accident, and it is bad enough that she knows her dirty little secret.
She starts to get up and notices that both of her hands are wet. Was she fingering herself with both? But no, only one smells like pee and sex. Then she sees the bowl with water lying on the floor. So that was her "keyboard." She looks at Elizabeth, who is sleeping, facing the wall. She never thought that her sister would play that kind of "joke" on her. She's not complaining, but she's completely amazed.
Alyssa takes a look at the clock on the bedside table and sees that it is still 4 o'clock. She can sleep a few more hours. So she changes the bedclothes, turns around the mattress, makes the bed with new sheets, puts the wet ones in the washer along with her clothes and takes a shower. While getting ready for bed again, notices her sister's thong in the laundry basket and taking it out, smells the pee scent. Remembering the image of her sister sleeping, she now realizes that Elizabeth was wearing one of her nighties and a pair of her panties, as well. Looking at the door, she sees something she didn't remember, and has an idea. Afterwards, she goes back to the room, puts on new panties and pajamas, and goes back to sleep for the rest of the night.
— –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Elizabeth relives the experiment in her dreams, but there she sees Alyssa peeing her bed in her sleep, a wet stain growing in her sister's jeans and pooling all over the sheets. Alyssa keeps on sleeping; she only turns a little, revealing the soaking wet upper half of her jeans and lower half of her skirt. Elizabeth dreams on about covering Alyssa with the bed sheets and taking the bowl to the kitchen to pour the water into the sink. Seeing the water falling gives her a sudden urge to pee.
She wakes up just in time to avoid losing it in real life and wetting her sister's panties. Jumps out of bed and runs to the bathroom, only to find the door closed. As the shower is not running, she assumes that Alyssa is doing something else, so she knocks on the door while dancing in one spot.
"Aly, are you coming out? I need to pee!" After a few seconds without an answer she persists, knocking a little harder. "Aly, can you hear me? Let me in that I need to go, I'm not joking!" There's still no answer, so she keeps knocking and begging. "Please Aly, I can't hold it..." Since the last sentence is not far from the truth, she decides to go ahead and enter anyhow, "I'm sorry Aly, but I'm desperate, I'll even use the sink!"
She turns the knob and pushes, but the door doesn't open. The surprise distracts her for a second and almost makes her lose control, making her grab herself with both hands to hold it, leaning against the door with a finger against her pussy. Remembering what she did last night, she speaks again, this time in a softer voice.
"It's because I made you wet your bed, isn't it? I'm sorry, it was a joke, I didn't think you would be mad at me, I'm really sorry. Now please, let me in, I really can't hold it any longer, if I don't get inside soon I'll leave a pool of pee in front of the door."
When she finishes the sentence she realizes: that's what Alyssa wants! So she gets up and starts banging on the door, now with anger: "ALYSSA, PLEASE, I DON'T WANT TO PEE MYSELF IN THE HALL, I BEG YOU, LET ME IN!!" The silence from the other side makes her bang even harder. "ALYSAAAA!!!"
"What happened?"
The shock of hearing her sister's voice coming from behind makes her lose control for half a second, letting escape a spurt of pee that wets her panties (her sister's in fact). She has to bend and twists to regain control while turning around to face Alyssa, standing at the bedroom door, wearing her pajamas.
"Were you sleeping? So who's inside the bathroom; why can't I open the door?"
"Nobody."
"What do you mean 'nobody'? The door is locked?"
"Yes!"
She looks at Alyssa's calm face and suddenly realizes what's going on.
"You locked it," she says as she sees the keyhole in the door.
"Yes, I did."
"And you won't open it, so I'll pee myself in front of the door, right?" she asks looking at her sister with a concerned look.
"No, I'm not as bad as you," Alyssa answers with a grin. "I'll give you a chance. Last night I hid the key in the bedroom. If you can find it you can use the toilet, otherwise..." leaving the sentenced open, so Elizabeth can figure out the other option.
"Oh, Aly, don't do that to me! How can I look for the key if I can barely move?"
"If you don't want to search for it, you don't have to..."
"Ok, move!" says Elizabeth and pushes Alyssa out of the way, walking half bent over but placing one leg in front of the other.
First she searches in her sister's bed. It isn't under the pillow. Moving her hand over the sheets she can't feel the small shape of the key either. Her body trembles to hold on while she bends and lifts the mattress a little, feeling with her hand to see if the key is underneath. When she reaches the middle of the mattress she feels the wetness on the back of her hand. So it worked, Alyssa wet her bed! But she can't think about that now. Leaving her sister's bed behind, she moves to the closest thing: the bedside table. Leaning to search inside the table's drawer makes her nightie to rise up her back, leaving half her ass out to her sister's delight, who can't take her eyes off Elizabeth's panties, already wet where they are covering her pussy, with wet lines that go down her legs as her sister crosses and uncrosses them to avoid more leaks.
Elizabeth continues the search in the upper bed of the bunk, but still no luck. She even checks in the lower one, in case Alyssa hid it there while she was sleeping. But then she feels that she is about to lose it again. She squats and grabs herself; trying to hold it, but only manages to cut the stream off after some pee escapes out of her pussy and leaks through her fingers, splashing between her feet. She freezes there, desperate, feeling another spurt following the first one. Concentrating on holding the rest in, she barely hears her sister's voice.
"Are you ok?"
"NO!" she screams in reply, tears filling her eyes when she turns her head to look at her sister. "I'm losing it, can't you see?" she adds while looking at the floor.
Alyssa can see it, a small pool the size of a tennis ball between Elizabeth's bare feet. Her cheeks are red with excitement, but seeing Elizabeth's predicament makes her feel sorry for her, and turning around reaches inside the underwear drawer to take out the bathroom key. "Besides," she thinks, "this could be more interesting than just letting her pee squatting there."
"Ok, I forgive you. Here's the key," she says, showing it to Elizabeth.
"I can't... if I let go I'll wet myself completely!" her sister answers while looking at her with shiny eyes, still holding her crotch.
"As you wish, if you want you can pee yourself right there..."
"No," Elizabeth takes a deep breath trying to regain control "ok, give it to me," and taking one hand off of her crotch she stretches to take the key from her sister's hand, making Alyssa tremble as she feels her sister's wet fingers touching her skin when taking the key.
Elizabeth tries to stand up without any more leaks and barely makes it. She waits standing there for a second over her small pool of pee, her legs tied in a knot and her hands buried against the nightie between her legs. She finally feels able to move, and takes one step, and then another; crossing her legs while walking, with her sister's eyes fixed on her legs. She begins to walk towards the door (at least the bathroom is just across the hall) but the idea of the close relief makes her lose control and so she starts to pee again. She freezes and tries to cut it off once more while Alyssa, following her from behind, sees two rivulets of pee running down Elizabeth's legs and leaving splashes on the floor.
Once control has been regained, Elizabeth keeps on walking, but as she crosses the bedroom doorway the leaks start again. Seeing the bathroom just a few steps ahead, she decides to go for it and take the few steps left, feeling more rivulets of pee rolling down her skin and splashing behind her. But when she reaches the bathroom door she realizes her mistake: now she can't cut the flow, and the door is still locked. Feeling unable to fight against it anymore, she gives up. She turns around and leans her back against the bathroom door, spreading her legs and closing her eyes, lying her head against the door while the rivulets become a stream that passes straight through her panties and splashes loudly onto the hall floor. She even feels some pee running down her legs, but it doesn't matter any more, only the relief of finally letting go.
And then she feels something else, something pressed against her panties. She's so lost in her relief that takes her a few seconds to realize that it's one of her sister's hands, the palm against her mound and the fingers between her legs, getting wet with her pee while rubbing her and pushing the cotton between her lips, causing the stream to splash everywhere. She's so overwhelmed that she doesn't even try to pull her sister's hand away. And besides, her sister is a woman and knows where her pleasure point is, and now she's rubbing it, causing the relief to be replaced for other feelings. Elizabeth's not peeing anymore, but she doesn't notice that, she only feels the tingling of pleasure running through her body. Now Alyssa's body is leaning against hers, breathing heavily against her neck, with the free hand holding her shoulder, a hard nipple pressing against her chest, and her sister's crotch rubbing against her leg through the pajamas.
Still with her eyes closed, she reaches for Alyssa's sex with one hand. Her fingers touch the pajama pants and move beneath its waist. She never imagined that the "simultaneous masturbation" would ever end up being "mutual masturbation", but she can't complain. What's more, she even doesn't remember just wetting herself, she's so lost in the pleasure given by Alyssa's fingers that have found her crack and are moving in and out her body. And her sister shares her excitement; Elizabeth can feel her juices running through her fingers as well. But no, it's too much and it pours past her fingers and over her naked leg– Alyssa is peeing on her leg while she fingers her! But she doesn't pull herself away, because the waves of pleasure are beginning to shake her body courtesy of Alyssa's fingers, who is also trembling against her and moaning against her ear– until she buries her mouth against her neck to suffocate a scream that is joined by Elizabeth's when they both cum in each other's arms.
Elizabeth lets herself slide down against the door until she sits on the floor in the pool of their pee, still holding Alyssa in her arms. Alyssa is now sitting over one of her legs (she feels the coldness of the wet pajamas on her skin) and leaning against her chest, her eyes closed and her head on her shoulder. She touches her sister's arm while looking at her, and following an impulse she leans over and kisses her, first on the forehead, then on the side of an eye, on the cheek next to her mouth, and then finally gathers up her courage and kisses her softly in the lips. But what's intended to be only a touch becomes something else when her sister opens her mouth and kisses her deeply.
Elizabeth escapes from her sister's grip and moves her head away, but in that movement she accidentally touches a nipple with one hand and feels Alyssa tremble in her arms. Feeling that her sister's need is not satisfied, she places a hand over the pajama top and gently caresses one of Alyssa's breasts through the fabric, feeling the rounded shape and the nipple hardening with her touch. So she begins to rub her sister's breasts, pinching her nipples, as she likes it when her boyfriends do it to her, looking at Alyssa's face, with her eyes closed mouth partially opened and breathing heavily. After a minute or so, one of her hands goes down her sister's body until it gets inside the pajama pants and under the panties again, and keeps on going down until it reaches her sister's lower lips. She pushes two fingers in and out her sisters body and Alyssa's breathing gets heavier, her body shivers and trembles until she lets out a moan and her body shakes. The orgasm causes Alyssa to let go of another spurt of pee that wets Elizabeth fingers, but she doesn't pull them away. Instead she begins to rub her again in that special spot. She looks at her sister's face, still open–mouthed, and this time she doesn't doubt it: she lowers her head and kisses her deeply, one tongue looking for the other, until she feels Alyssa scream inside her mouth, her body tensed with yet another orgasm. Then it was time for a rest.
The triple orgasm was too much for Alyssa, who had no strength left to avoid emptying her bladder completely, peeing for a few seconds over Elizabeth's leg, bent below her.
Elizabeth feels the warm liquid running over her leg but doesn't move; she keeps her sister in her arms and caresses her face while Alyssa relaxes. What's more, it seems that getting excited must have made her stop peeing, because she still feels a mild need to pee. Seeing that she's sitting over a big pool of pee she thinks "whatever" and relaxes, letting the rest of the pee flow out of her body, hearing it hissing from below and feeling the fabric of the panties getting wetter against her skin. Alyssa must have noticed what she just did, because now she's smiling at her... she's not sure, but Elizabeth's starting to think that maybe this it is something she might enjoy doing again some time.
By: Gus74