I'm an 18–year–old high school student and umm... wetting has become my kink so to speak. So here are the events from one Sunday afternoon. Enjoy. It was a very... hmm... for lack of better words, interesting afternoon. Really, such a shame that you left as soon as you did. I guess I was a bit bored after you left seeing as I was all alone in an empty house. Since there was nothing better to do I went through some old clothes and was pleasantly surprised to find a long lost pair of light tan corduroy pants. I tried them on to see if they still fit, and to an extent they did... Yes I could get them all zipped and buttoned, but the zipper and button fit snug right over my bladder. Then I got just a horrid little idea, and parked myself in front of my computer with a nice tall cold glass of water. One after another I went through these 20 oz cups of water until I had downed 3 of them– 60 oz in my little bladder! And you do know how small it is. I preoccupied myself playing poker on Yahoo for a while, but it wasn't long as all before I had to go really bad. I tried my very best to continue playing, but soon all my typing was muddled from pure desperation, and I could feel little warm squirts coming out of me... I rearranged myself countless times, but unfortunately every time I did more and more came out warming and darkening the tight cords I had on. By the time I finally looked down my whole crotch was a deep brown, soaked, and so pleasantly warm that I could feel how wet it was against my ass, because I had been sitting. I stood up and even more escaped me, further soaking my crotch and starting to run down my legs, then I glanced and my chair which had a rather large puddle formed upon it from my accident... I knew I had to clean up, because it was starting to cool down, so I made my way to the bathroom. I was quite amused though when I looked in the mirror and saw just how wet I had become, and decided to let the rest of my plump bladder go while watching myself, especially my pants, in the mirror that was in front of me. I pushed it all out listening to it hissing down my legs, completely saturating my cords so very much that it started to run down on to the tile floor sounding like a little water fall. I grabbed a rag and cleaned up my floor mess, then a towel, quite determined to take a shower... I took off my skin tight soaked cords, but decided to leave on the pink cotton panties I was wearing and stepped into the steaming water in the shower. I cleaned up my cords the best I could and hung them to dry. My curious fingers now discovered the delightfully soaked and warm panties I was wearing. I ran my hands across them, so turned on by my wet warmness. Horribly tempted me even ran my fingers inside of them and felt myself for a moment, everything feeling so wonderful. Then I returned to the task at hand, cleaning my panties and myself for that matter. It was so nice to get clean once again, with the intoxicating smell of a tropical medley coming from my white bath puff... So, sadly, the adventures of the morning ended there, as I stepped out of the shower and got ready for the rest of the day's tasks. Such a shame to end it... 
AnAngel84