A few months after our soccer state championship, I was heading off to college. Though nervous, I was extremely excited to begin the next part of my life.
My parents helped me move in– I beat my roommate there, and was nearly finished when she came in with her parents. Her name was Sarah–she was a very pretty redhead. Our parents left and we got to talking– it turned out that she had played volleyball in high school, so we had a strong interest in sports in common. The girls next door stopped by around nine and asked if we were interested in going out that night. One of them, whose name was Ashley, had a sister who was in her senior year and said we could all go to a party at her boyfriend's house. We both jumped at the offer, ready to start our college experience.
We entered the house, which was fairly dark and poorly decorated. I guess we were early, because there were only a few other girls there, including Ashley's sister Carly, who introduced us to the boys living there. Eight of them lived in the house, which had several open rooms. They had 2 tables set up for beer pong, and another 2 for flip cup. Though I had seen the games played during parties at my high school, I had never drank any alcohol during high school and thus not participated. However, the other three girls I was with quickly accepted beers. A tall, good looking boy with dark hair called me over to the keg, filling up a cup.
"I'm Josh," he said, smiling as he passed me the beer. "Catie," I said as I accepted the beer, taking a sip. He started talking more, flashing a dazzling smile every once in a while. I was nervous and kept sipping on the beer, even though I did not like the taste at all. My cup was quickly empty.
"Would you care for another?" he said, smiling again. I told him I did not really like beer. He laughed and asked if I would prefer a mixed drink. Though not positive, I said yes, and followed him over to the bar. He mixed me some liquor with coke. I liked that a lot better. People were now filling in around us, but Josh kept talking to me. I had another drink, and he asked me to dance.
I was really feeling the alcohol and enjoying it, but it started getting late, and Sarah, Betsy(Ashley's roommate), and Ashley told me they were returning to the dorms . Josh pulled me aside just before we left. He leaned in and gave me a quick kiss. I felt like I was on top of the world–he was so cute! I gave him my number and we left for the night. Unfortunately, I had not used the bathroom before we left, and the alcohol quickly made its way through my system. I realized my bladder was uncomfortably full; and we still had a twenty minute walk across campus. I thought about walking back to the house, but decided it would be awkward to walk back in just for that reason–besides, it was only twenty minutes. Ten minutes later, I was regretting my decision. I was having trouble keeping up with the others due to the huge amount of discomfort. I grabbed the waist band on my black jeans, pulling it out a bit to relieve the pressure. I looked around for somewhere to squat, but there was nothing but open parking lots from here to the dorm. I knew that campus patrol would be around here, and certainly didn't want to get caught. The other girls were looking at me a bit strangely, Noticing, I let go of my pants and hustled to hurry up. My bladder started burning, and I suddenly realized I was about to go in my pants.
Not knowing what to do, I kept walking, staring at the dorm building a few hundred feet away. I clenched my muscles, determined to make it there. But after a few more seconds, I felt myself start losing control. A hot squirt of pee escaped into my pants. I gasped and stopped to regain control. The other girls looked at me. "Are you okay Catie?" asked Sarah.
"Fine– just feeling a bit dizzy," I said, too embarrassed to admit the truth. Another jet went into my panties, soaking my thong and starting to soak into my jeans. But I couldn't do anything but keep walking, not wanting to let my new friends see this happen. I kept walking, but pee was running down my legs, soaking my jeans. I wanted to burst into tears. I was at my first night of college and I had just completely peed myself. I hoped the black jeans would hide it.
We walked into the dorm. Nobody seemed to notice the stains on the inside legs of my jeans. I got into my room and immediately changed into my pajamas, making sure to pull down my pink thong with my jeans, since it had obvious pee stains on it. I buried those under the shirt I had worn, hoping Sarah would not notice. I told Sarah I wanted a quick shower before bed. She was very drunk and only moaned in reply, laying down in her clothes and falling asleep.
Relieved that she had not asked why I was showering, I headed down the hall. I felt disgusting and humiliated. I showered, feeling better, and put my pajamas back on, heading to bed. That night, I had a dream about peeing myself. I was running up and down the dorm hall, trying to find the bathroom, but couldn't remember where the door was. I finally wet myself, in front of a bunch of people, who laughed and pointed.
I jumped awake. My clock told me it was six in the morning. I didn't know why I had awoken so early...and then I felt the wet spot. I was soaked. I had completely pissed my bed, my very first night of college. I looked over at Sarah. She was still passed out. I jumped out of bed, pulling the sheets off the bed. What I saw made me feel even worse. My mattress had a huge pee stain on it. I had no idea how to clean it. I threw a towel over the wet spot and put a new sheet on the bed. Not knowing what else to do, I put my wet sheets and pajamas in my hamper, noting that I had peed nearly everything in there. I threw on fresh pajamas and went down the hall for another shower. Fortunately, when I got back in the room, Sarah was still asleep. I did not want her asking why I had already changed my sheets, so I grabbed all my laundry and went downstairs to wash it.
I was surprised to see a very pretty blond girl doing laundry as well. When I walked in, she turned beet red and hurried to pull her laundry out and into her bag. I wondered why she was up at this time, turning a bit red myself as she hurried past me. I hoped she did not notice what was in my laundry. As I loaded my laundry into the washer, it all came over me. In one day at college, I had already peed my pants and the bed. I broke down, sobbing, terrified that I would be wet again soon–and that somebody would find out this time.
By: Catie