The Tappan Zee is a 3–Mile long bridge on the Hudson River north of New York City. The traffic is always backed up and since there is no way off, I have often imagined people stuck and desperate. I have used my previous characters again and you can check out my other stories for their descriptions.
George, Patty, Joan and Paula are all sitting in traffic on the Tappan Zee Bridge, all having to pee so badly they don't to what to do. They are each coming home from a long holiday weekend and are casually, but nicely dressed. Joan is wearing a white sweatshirt with a sailboat on it, a pink sweater tied around her shoulders and tan shorts. George is wearing a reddish/pink button down shirt and tan slacks. Patty is wearing thin white slacks and a dark short sleeved shirt, and Paula is a little more casual in a blue tie–died shirt and cut off jeans.
They have consumed large quantities of drinks but failed to stop anywhere, hoping that they could make it home. Each one is squirming frantically, and crossing their legs, clutching the steering wheel, gritting their teeth, their faces contorted in pain.
It is hard to tell who is the worst off. When Patty bites her lower lip, Joan starts to cry. When George grabs his penis, Paula takes both feet off the pedals, wraps one leg around the other, and clutches her belly. While Patty thinks she can make it to the first exit, Joan fears she will wet her pants. While Paula feels her bladder expanding and throbbing and is about to explode, George feels an unbearable pressure on his penis, clamping it shut with all his might, and Patty and Joan feel the same pressure on their vaginal openings.
While all have found themselves in a desperate situation recently, only Joan was unable to make to the bathroom and wet herself. She absolutely does not want this to happen again, while the others wonder if it is worth it and should just go in their pants, or at least in their cars.
Almost simultaneously, each one feels their need to pee rise to almost unbearable levels. Patty crosses her legs tighter and places her hands between her thighs and grits her teeth, George clamps one thigh on top of his penis. Paula loosens her belt while Joan moves her legs up and down frantically. George groans aloud while Patty quietly whimpers. Joan cries even harder while Paula winces her eyes shut.
Patty then feels more under control while George and Joan feel they are losing control, while Paula feels she will burst. Patty criss–crosses her legs and rubs the fabric of her pant legs while Joan now grabs her crotch. George replaces both hands on his penis while Paula holds her sides. George contemplates getting out of his car and just going in front of the whole world, and wished he still had his boots in the car that he used last time. The women know they have no choice but to try and hold out until they cross the bridge.
All are in such despair. George is meeting friends for golf and can't show up having wet himself, while Patty is in a brand new car. Joan feels she could not come home wet to her husband, again, while Paula feels she is doing such damage to her bladder to that she is risking what little is left of her child bearing years, and was this weekend with a new man worth it?
Patty's urgency increases again and she too must grab her crotch, while Joan and George each turn to their sides to relieve the pressure, which is pressing on their PC muscles with all its might. The pain in Paula's belly makes her feel sick while George's penis is going numb from being held. Right then he feels he well wet his pants, but just manages to hold on. Patty loses a drop in her panties and gasps as she regains control, while Joan stops crying and is determined to make it to a bathroom.
Over the next hour they each continue their own ways of containing their bladders as they approach the toll plaza. By then, they are all simply holding their crotches with all their might. Once through the toll plaza they drive off the first exit and park almost simultaneously at the first gas station.
Joan, still determined not to wet herself, gets out of her car and runs without her hands on her crotch to the bathroom door to find it locked. She then runs inside the station office, hissing through her teeth with determination and then screaming, "KEY... KEY... KEY!!!"
She then runs out and feels she must hold her crotch again as she races to the bathroom door. She hops from one foot to the other as it takes both hands to unlock the door. She slams it behind her to see George, Patty and Paula running frantically towards her. George and Patty had one hand on their crotches while Paula was clutching her belly and moaning in pain.
In the bathroom, Joan flings the key away and still with a hand on her crotch undoes her belt and zipper and all but rips her pants and panties off of her and lets her pee fly before she is even seated. She does not sigh but just sits there with a bewildered smile like she can't believe she made it. She pees a torrent for several minutes until there is a frantic pounding on the door as the others are screaming at her to hurry up. She opens the door to see the larger and younger Paula push in front of George and Patty. She is bent over with both hands on her belly and runs in as the door shuts behind her. Joan goes on her merry way while George and Patty continue to hobble about in desperation. Inside, Paula gingerly undoes her belt and pants as her bladder is throbbing in agony. She gets them down to her knees and once seated on the toilet lets a few dribbles go until a more forceful stream gradually comes out of her. She rubs her belly just above the top of her brown pubic hair as the pain subsides.
Outside George and Patty are beside themselves with desperation. Both moan aloud and feel they are about to wet themselves. They are running in circles and clutching themselves. Patty runs in more ladylike tip toe steps, with a look of complete panic on her face. George takes larger, pounding steps and has his eyes shut.
The George gets an idea. He is a man. He does not need a toilet. He runs around the building out of anyone's view. He undoes his belt and zipper and with the hand that was still holding his penis, brings it out and with out even aiming, lets out the most massive pee stream he has ever seen. It just misses the fabric of his pants and flows upward, almost resembling an arc. It then goes straight down and splatters on the loose pavement. He closes his eyes and moans with relief.
Meanwhile, Patty has frozen with both hands holding her crotch between her clenched thighs and tearfully grunts and groans. As she hears Paula flush the toilet and sees a relieved George go to his car, the thought of holding it another second becomes too much. So close yet so far. "Ooh God," she sobs as she lets a torrent of pee gush out of her. The most rapidly expanding wet spot forms around the front and back of her white pants as separate streams of pee gush out the fabric around her crotch and thighs and form large puddles by her feet, and thick wet lines run down each pant leg.
A still aching Paula heads to her car, while making an appointment with her GYN on her cell phone, as concerned George asks if she is OK. Patty stumbles into the bathroom and cries. She then takes off her pants and underwear and tries to clean off her soaked legs, crotch and pubic hair, thankful that no one saw what happened.
PeeGuy