I went to school with this girl, Gina. She was 18, Hispanic and black, and she had one of the best bodies that God could ever have made. One night, she agreed to go out with me.
We went to this restaurant – Michael Jordan’s in downtown Chicago. We must have gotten kind of tipsy at dinner, as we were both stumbling a bit afterwards. I started to notice that she seemed to be fidgeting as well, so I asked her if she was OK. She said yes. Ten minutes later, she whispered in my ear " Do you know where a bathroom is?" I knew that the closest one was about three blocks down in the Art Institute, and also that it was closed, but I told her that one was just down the street. So we walked, with her in front of me, and I was staring at her ass through her tight blue FUBU jeans. I think we must have stopped about 8 or 10 times on our way. When we got there, she was horrified to see the sign on the door that read "Closed." She suddenly shoved her hands in between her legs, crossed her thighs as tight as she could, and bent over almost to the ground. I took her arm and pulled her to the EL station to catch a train home. At this point, I could see that she was rubbing herself kind of hard, while at times scissoring her legs back and forth. She stopped doing this and jammed both hands between her legs. So far, she had been doing a good job of keeping her piss in. The train rounded the bend, and I pulled her onto it. As I did, I noticed that she must have started to leak, as there was a faint wet spot on her crotch. Well, the train car was empty other than for Gina and I, so she kept on with scissoring her legs, and at times, I thought that she was playing with herself. She looked up and said that she was leaking badly, and that she was not going to make it until our stop. I kept telling her she would, and she had nothing to worry about. She said in a desperate voice " I hope you don't think that I am immature if I pee on myself." The train hit a rather hard bump, and Gina crossed her legs as tight as she could. Piss had now started to come out, but she had managed to keep the damage to a minimum, just around the crotch area. Our stop came, and she was almost hit with the door that closes by itself. We had to walk about 3 miles to her house. I was not going to let her walk all by herself – if I had, this would not have been much of a story. Along the way, we stopped about 4 times, each time when she thought she was going to lose control. I could see that her terrific ass was starting to get wet. We were about 1.5 miles away when she started running towards her house. I took off after her, but she stopped abruptly in the middle of the street, crossed her legs tighter than ever, and screamed to me that she couldn't wait another second. I begged her to try to hold it a little longer, so we walked some more until we were almost there. Just around the corner was her house, and then, once again, she ran off. When I caught up to her she was crossing through the park in front of her house. She was home free, now all she had to do was unlock the door, run up the stairs, and she could finally go! As soon as she reached her front door, she had to stand still to get her keys out of her pocket, and while doing this, she crossed her thighs and scissored her legs once more. Piss was dripping from in between them now. She finally got the keys out, after fumbling around with them and managed to get the door open. She was about to take off for the bathroom, but just couldn't move. She said "This is it, I can't move, I'm gonna pee in my pants!" I pulled her as close to me as possible, feeling her piss coming out on my legs. By the expression on her face, I could tell that she was trying to hold it in, but it just kept coming out. I touched her ass, it was covered in piss. She was trying to make one last effort to keep it in. As she did this, out of nowhere, I kissed her, and then shoved my hand in between her legs to caress her pussy as the piss was flowing out. It was a wonderful sight seeing her in those pissy tight jeans, and she wore them well. I love her, and I know that she loves me.
Hotboy