Lunambra 3-10

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Ten - Duel

"Who is that?" whispered a patron of the tavern. "Prince Baeden? Here?"

"Of course not," drawled the barmaid. "We've gotten no warning, no time to prepare."

"His words are true," Baeden spoke up from his place in the corner. Everyone turned to him as he stood up, straightening to his full height. "I am Prince Baeden, and the man you just heard shouting is General Gaston, commander of Lunambra's armies. He is here to bring me home, for I have abandoned my Kingdom. I have abandoned it, not for fear, not for wealth, but for this woman that you see next to me. She is a servant, I am a Prince, and we are in love. This town is a sanctuary for men and women who, under whatever circumstance, decided to leave their homes behind. I am no different from any of you. Now, there is one last thing I must do before I leave this land forever. I ask that everyone here remain indoors, for your own safety. Thank you for your hospitality."

Baeden shouldered his way through the crowd of onlookers, each of them staring at him with a blend of fascination and curiosity. Marina watched him fearfully as he stepped through the wooden door, clicking it shut behind him. The second he was outside, everyone in the tavern clambered over one another to get to the windows. Marina already had a perfect view from where she sat, and she frowned as the barmaid's large frame squeezed her against the window glass. She watched as Baeden made his way to Great Oak's center courtyard. The massive symbol of the town, the Great Oak itself, covered the sky over him. No matter how far she turned her head, Marina could see nothing besides Baeden standing there calmly. Minutes passed, and the murmurs of the crowd increased, when their hunter finally stepped into view.

He wore the same armor he had the morning he saw her there on the balcony, though now it was stained from the road, the tabard frayed and the boots coated in mud. The two men stared each other down for a long time, and then Baeden spoke, though she could not hear his words.

###

"I did not expect you alone," Baeden said. "I assume my trick to split you up was a success."

"Unfortunately," Gaston replied with a growl. "Your mother traveled north with them, you know. If something happens to her, it will be your responsibility."

"My mother is stronger than you think," Baeden assured him. "She raised me, after all."

"I RAISED YOU!" Gaston screamed. "I handed you the first sword you ever touched, and I taught you how to wield it. I fitted your armor for ten years, I sharpened your blades, I made you into who you are today!"

"No," Baeden whispered. "You tried your hardest to turn me into you, but I would never use my strength to terrorize those weaker than me. I would never burn down villages for speaking against Lunambra, I would never behead people for stealing an ear of corn, I would never threaten a woman's life. You are a menace and a tyrant, and that is why I will stop you here and now, as my final duty to my Kingdom." Baeden reached up, grasping the hilt of his new sword and tearing it from its strap. He took his stance, raising the blade above his head.

Gaston was visibly enraged. His face had the focus of a proper warrior, but his fists were shaking and his posture was aggressive and powerful. "You attacked me from behind last time, like the coward that you are. You will not get the best of me again." Gaston reached to his side, drawing his broadsword in one swift motion and taking his own stance. "You have spoken against everything I stand for. You speak against law, against hierarchy, against decency. I do not care if the Queen has me executed for it. I have decided to kill you with my own hands."

"As have I," Baeden agreed. "Enough talk, let us end this as men."

Gaston began his advance, striding towards Baeden with his head held tall. As he approached, it became clear how much taller Gaston was than the Prince. His shadow loomed over Baeden, and it was obvious to Marina why he was so feared as he raised his sword in both hands and brought it crashing down towards Baeden. The Prince sidestepped the first strike, slashing around with his own longer blade. Gaston pivoted and knocked it aside with his left gauntlet, swinging his sword up slamming it against Baeden's cuirass.

Baeden stumbled and caught himself just in time to duck a massive sweep, juking under the blade and ramming Gaston with his thick pauldrons. Gaston leaned forwards to absorb the blow, bringing his knee up to slam into Baeden's hip. Baeden yanked his leg back to lessen the impact, and leaned to his right before he threw his sword forwards in a powerful close-range thrust. Gaston somehow parried it with the end of his hilt, forcing the tip of the Spada to his left as he spun out of the grapple and regained proper footing. Baeden recovered quickly, slashing his weapon in a wide arc that forced Gaston to backstep away from it.

The separation did not last long, as Baeden was the one to restart their bout with a series of thrusts from his longer weapon. Gaston parried each of them with ease, then slammed Baeden's sword away, jumping forwards and throwing a thunderous front kick. Baeden was caught by surprise, taking the blow to his armored stomach and toppling backwards. He rolled backwards to his feet just as the tip of Gaston's broadsword was thrust into the ground where his neck had been a second ago. Baeden threw his own kick now, aimed at Gaston's sword hand.

The ground acted as a stopper, preventing him from withdrawing from the kick, and Gaston shouted as the blade was wrenched from his grip. Baeden offered no mercy, swinging his sword up towards the unarmored joint under Gaston's right arm. Displaying unbelievable agility for a man of his size, Gaston jumped to his left, minimizing the impact of Baeden's strike. He hit the ground rolling, tumbling through the dirt and stopping next to one of the large wooden benches that lined the trunk of the Great Oak.

Getting to his feet quickly, Gaston grasped the bench and spun, hurling the piece of furniture directly at the advancing Prince. With no time to dodge properly, Baeden hit the dirt as Gaston charged him from behind the flying bench. Baeden kicked out, catching Gaston in the shin, and he rolled aside as the General crashed down beside him. If he was stunned from the fall, it didn't show as he folded up his legs and threw himself forwards, scrambling back to his broadsword that still stuck from the ground. Baeden was too slow standing, and Gaston had recovered his weapon as Baeden raised his arms for a downward strike.

Marina's heart froze in her chest as Gaston slashed the broadsword horizontally, under Baeden's raised arms. The edge slammed into the side of Baeden's pale leather cuirass, cutting into the hardened material. Somehow the leather managed to fully blunt the attack, but the weapon was still heavy, and Baeden knew that at least one rib had broken. Any normal man would have fallen immediately, but Baeden simply screamed the pain away as he grasped the blade of Gaston's broadsword with his gauntlet, tearing it from his armor. Gaston tried to pull away, but Baeden held strong and threw another mighty kick. It landed perfectly, impacting Gaston's gut between the cuirass and groin plate of his greaves. Despite his muscles and great endurance, the General fell to his knees as Baeden released the broadsword and tightened his grip on the Spada.

He raised it over his head and brought it down with no hesitation, right towards the center of Gaston's head. With the last of his focus, Gaston leaned to his left and the blade slammed against his steel gorget, sliding down the pauldron. Gaston roared his fury, getting one leg under him as he tried to force himself to his feet. Baeden struck at him again, trying to cut into the side of his neck with the base of his blade. Gaston reached up and grasped the pommel of the Spada with his left hand, under Baeden's own grip.

They wrestled for control of the sword as Gaston tried to thrust his broadsword into Baeden's legs. His greaves were luckily full steel plate, and they protected him as he fought for his weapon. Gaston pulled hard, and Baeden felt his grip weaken, the crack in his side sending waves of pain across the whole right side of his body. Another mighty pull and the long blade was pulled from his grip. Gaston exhaled as he started to stand up, but Baeden lifted his left leg and stomped down on Gaston's thigh, forcing him back to his knees.

Gaston's vision was still hazy as he saw Baeden reach out, grabbing the blade of the Spada in both of his hands. Placing his foot on Gaston's chest, he leaned back, wrenching his sword away from the General. He spun the weapon, grasping it by the tip of its blade and gripping it tightly in his steel gauntlets.

Gaston knew what was coming, and he was too weak to prevent it. Baeden roared out in victory as he swung the inverted sword down into Gaston's shoulder, the heavy handguard piking through his gorget and embedding itself in the General's flesh. Blood flowed from the armor immediately, and increased as Baeden withdrew the weapon. Gaston fell back, staring at the sky as Baeden brought the handguard crashing down again, puncturing the chest of his cuirass and sinking deep into his body and deep into his heart.

