Title : The Birthday Present
	Category : F desp., wet Date : 29 Aug 1998
By : Matrix 

I had been dating this guy ,Mark, for six months. He always teased me when I was busting to go to the loo and told me that it turned him on. I never really did much about it until about two days before his birthday. I decided to give him a really special birthday present. I am a fairly short and skinny girl and I have a fair idea of my limits. If I drink one bottle of beer I know about thirty minuets later I will need to pee, but I can control it. If I have another, that is more than I can take and after a short while I have no choice in the matter. I had everything planned. I would meet him after work, drink two beers very quickly then catch a cab home, about 40 minutes drive. By the time I got home I should be in a position to give him the best birthday present ever.

I called him about 4.30 and said I would meet him at the pub. I went to the loo about 5pm so I would start out empty. When we got to the pub I said I would buy the first round and got us both a beer. I drank the first beer fairly quickly, knowing that I would have to drink both beers in a short time or this was not going to work. He still had a third of his beer left and was surprised I had polished off my beer so quickly. I told him it was his round and he finished off the rest of his drink and went to the bar.

On the way I saw him stop off to have a chat to someone he knew and about fifteen minuets went by before he returned with the next round of drinks. I still did not have any need to have a pee, so I was happy about the distraction. We drank down the next beer fairly quickly and I had already started to feel the effects of the alcohol. I am a cheap drunk and two beers in rapid succession was going to my head. He wanted another drink ,saying he was enjoying himself and would like to stay longer.

"We've only had two beers and the night is still young" , he said to me, trying to convince me to stay another round.

"I have a present for you at home, but we have to leave here soon if you want it", I replied.

"One more beer, just one more. That won't affect this present you have for me will it ??"

I thought about it for a second. The two beers had not yet started to hit my bladder and I guessed three would be more effective. Besides, he was probably going to argue until he spoilt it all anyway, so I agreed to another beer. I got him to get it and we started to drink it down. About half way through I had the first hint that I should pee, but no urgency. I decided if I was still going to make it home I'd better stop. Although it annoyed him, I pushed him to finish off his beer and get moving. He told me he had to go for a leak, which started to annoy me because I would normally have gone too. I'm usually very cautious when it comes to that.

"Do you need to go before we head off ?" , he had asked.

He looked strangely at me when I said I didn't need to go. He came back about five minutes later and we headed off to the taxi stand. There were about four people in front of us and no taxis. As they say, the best plans often go astray. We stood there for about ten minutes and only two taxis had come. I was starting to feel fairly much in need of a pee by now and it was difficult not to stand there cross legged. There was a public toilet about 30 metres away on the nearby train station and I started to think about going to the loo, as I was not sure if I could stand there much longer.

"If this taxi does not come soon it will ruin your birthday present", I said to him.

"What are you giving me??"

"You'll see, if the taxi gets here on time." I said.

Five minutes later and the cautious side of me was starting to wonder if I should give up. I was unable to stand still and started to bounce around in a playful way, trying to hide my true reasons for needing to move. I was just about to leave for the loos when our taxi arrived. We both got in the back and I sat, legs crossed. It was a temporary relief not to have to stand and I could put some extra pressure between my legs. All through the drive I was getting fairly desperate signals that I had to pee. Just past half way I really had to go. I had my legs double crossed and was rocking back and forth, rubbing my thighs firmly with my hands. I got a sudden urge to pee then and let out a little yelp and arched my back, my hands in little fists and my face clearly strained.

" Are you ok?", he asked

I just waved my hand at him to tell him to wait, because I could not talk. I felt myself going red, unable to breath for fear wetting myself. A few seconds later the urge passed a little and I was able to breath. I turned to Mark and said very quietly, "I have to pee really badly"

" Why didn't you go at the pub ?" he asked.

"This was going to be your present, but I am going to have difficulty getting home."

"Cool, how bad are you?". I could see he was now very interested, but I was deep in concentration and did not want to talk much.

"Very bad !" I replied.

I had given part of the game away already, so I undid the top button of my jeans to release some pressure and put one hand between my legs to push. The pressure was now constant and getting worse, but no more really bad urges, releasing my jeans helped. I was relying on my hand a lot to push against my pee hole and had started to bounce around in the seat. We were heading toward the last petrol station before the freeway to my place and I thought about asking the driver to stop. Having stopped there before, in a time of need, I knew the station toilets were locked and you had to get the key from the cashier. I honestly didn't think I could stand up for that long and chose to wait five more minutes.

We got on the freeway and by now I was crouched over, rubbing myself over my jeans trying desperately not to pee. I had never been so bad and just wanted to scream. Mark was looking concerned for me and asked if he could do anything. I just shook my head. It was really starting to hurt and I was worried I might damage something if it continued to pain like that. Not far from home now, I was thinking and then I could feel my sphincter muscles relax. I let out a fairly loud, "Oh" and pushed hard against my trousers. I could feel myself starting to cry with the effort and my whole body was starting to shake uncontrollably. We turned off into the street before mine and the driver, not knowing the area, went fairly fast over a speed hump on the road. The jump made me loose control and pee started to come out. "Oh no", I said in full panic, trying to get myself in control.

A little pee had escaped and I could feel my hand was a little wet. I squeezed with all my might, making a groaning sound like I was lifting a huge weight. I had stopped the flow just when we hit the second speed hump. More pee came out and now I was a lot wetter. My muscle was no longer able to squeeze tight and was opening and closing no matter what I did.

The taxi stopped and pee was now coming out in little but constant squirts. Mark paid the cab fare and I got out of the cab, unable to stand upright and unable to remove my hand from between my legs. I stood still for a second and did a little curtsy in the pathway to try and stop the pee. A patch had formed on the front of my jeans but not as big as I thought and my hand was able to hide it. After standing still for a few seconds, I had stopped the little spurts and decided to make a break for it. I ran, crouched over with hand between my legs to the front door. I gave Mark my bag and told him to open the door quickly.

"You really have to go don't you", he said.

"Please, just open the door or I'll wet myself", not telling him that had already partially happened.

"You should hold it in a little bit longer, just for me", he teased, not making any effort to open the front door.

"Oh, don't do this, let me in. I can't hold it anymore." The urge to pee was completely unbearable and I was dancing around doing anything not to completely lose it. Mark teasing me like this was making it impossible and I was thinking he wouldn't let me in.

"Ok, I'll let you in."

He got the keys out and started to open the security screen. My muscles started to loosen up and I could not wait any longer. My toilet is upstairs and I started to undo my other jean buttons so I could run upstairs and rip my jeans off. Then, as Mark started to unlock the doors, I started to pee again. This time, however, nothing I could do would stop it. I had both hands between my legs, pee starting to drip through them. Mark opened the door and went in first. I turned to go upstairs to the toilet, pee still flowing slowly but continually into my hands and down my legs. Mark then turned and hugged me.

"Let me go" I yelled. His hugging made my hands loose pressure and I was wriggling to get myself loose. The pee was now going full force and I yelled at Mark to stop and let me go. I broke free, with pee running full force into my jeans, I rushed into the kitchen so I wouldn't pee on the floor. There I stood, sobbing as pee soaked my legs, filled my shoes and pooled on the kitchen floor. Standing at the kitchen was Mark, a big smile on his face and an obvious hard on.

"That was the most incredible thing I have seen", he said.

"I didn't mean to go this far, I'm sorry", I sobbed, now completely saturated and feeling very childish.

He came over to me, hugged me very fondly and said,

"Don't get upset. Lets go have a shower. That was the best present anyone could have given me for my birthday."

