The Budding Movie Star

by Zac

Kate woke up raring to go. After five years of struggling, she had finally landed a minor role in a major film. She was to play the victim of a crazed psychopath.

As she went through her lines for the last time, Kate fixed herself a large cup of Nescafe. It gave her the required boost, so she fixed herself another. As she sipped, she glanced at the clock and realised that she would have to leave soon. She preferred to be on set at least an hour before schedule to freshen up, read through her lines one last time and, of course, use the bathroom. She packed her gear and meditated for five minutes before leaving.

As she drove to the studio, she revelled in the fresh morning breeze that was caressing her hair. She also became aware of a mild need to relieve herself, but it wasn't serious enough to pre-occupy her. She was too busy thinking of her lines and taking in the sea breeze. And then she ran into one of those stumbling blocks that one comes across in big cities: Gridlock. At first, she made nothing of it. She knew she would be there with time to spare. Twenty minutes passed. There was no movement.

"Shit," she muttered, "Come on. Come on. I need to get to my set."

Another twenty minutes passed. By now, she had become aware of a need to pee. This was getting serious. Luckily, she would have to stop at a petrol pump, and she could use the facilities there.

Ten minutes later, the traffic began to move. Kate was now squirming in her seat. She had to get to the petrol pump quickly. After what seemed an eternity, she sighted one and sped towards it. Hurriedly, she filled up and rushed to the clerk to pay for her petrol and ask for the keys to the toilet.

As she stood in front of the counter, she couldn't help but cross her legs. "Excuse me," she asked with a flushed look on her face, "I'd like to pay for gas and use the toilet please."

"I'm sorry, ma'am. The toilets are out of order," said the Sales Clerk.

This bit of information sent a shockwave through her body. It was a half-hour drive to the studio and she would barely make it in time to use the facilities. And to top it off, the sales clerk seemed a bit of a dimwit. He was taking forever to complete the transaction forcing her to steel every muscle to avoid breaking into a pee pee dance.

As she headed for the car, she needed to stiffen her thighs. Her bladder was practically throbbing. With every step she took, she became aware of its urgent need for relief.

She put her foot on the accelerator, praying that she would not be pulled over for speeding. Five minutes later, she had to stop for a red light which took forever to change. During this period, she wiggled her legs and squirmed in her seat.

"Shit. I really need a loo," she said to herself.

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, she saw the gates of her studio and drove towards her set. Hurriedly, she got out of her car and rushed towards the toilets. On the way, she was spotted by the director.

"Kate, is that you?" he said, "You're late by five minutes. Do you know how much that could cost me?"

"I'm sorry," she said, struggling to stand still, "but..."

"No excuses! You have two minutes to get in there and get ready for your scene or you're fired. There are plenty of actresses who can take your place.

Embarassed and smarting, Kate hurried into her dressing room, and sat in her chair with her legs tightly crossed. This was an impossible situation. There was no way, she would last. She squirmed in her seat, desperately trying her best to keep from wetting herself. The make up artist hurriedly got her ready for her scene.

And then it was time for her to stand. Stiff-legged and hunched forward, she hobbled towards the set trying her best to keep from leaking. Luckily this was a small scene. It would be over soon and she could then find her relief. What she did not know was that even the smallest scenes take hours to shoot in big budget movies. She had only worked in theatre and short films so far.

In the scene, she had to be gagged, blindfolded and tied to a chair, while the serial killer taunted her. As she sat in the chair, she crossed her legs and squirmed with visible discomfort. The director's assistant told her to uncross her legs so that he could tie them together. Kate almost gasped. Her most important line of defence against wetting herself was about to be taken away from her, but she had to comply.

Within minutes, she was completely bound, and no one else was aware of her discomfort. But she must be strong.

Amidst the darkness that pervaded her, she was aware of two things: The first was her urgent need to pee, and the second was the voice of the actor playing the killer.

"Soon you will be released into the unknown," it said, "You will be free of all sin."

"MMMmmmmmm!!!" she responded. By now she only wanted to catch the director's attention so that she could use the toilet. But he was of course oblivious.

In truth, he was delighted. The girl was displaying an unusual amount of anguish. "Excellent acting," he thought, "This kid is going to go far. I must apologise to her at the end of the day for being so short with her. And I think I'll cast her in my next film as the lead actress."

Kate's muscles were weakening. As the villain got ready to deliver his final lines in the scene, she felt a spurt into her panties.

"Oh, Satan. I beseech thee. Accept this sacrifice."

Kate went red. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. This could not be happening.

The director was even more delighted. What a find, he thought. Such anguish, such pain. Another spurt followed and Kate realised the futility of the battle. As she continued her struggle against her sphincter, she kept dribbling into her panties. A dark crotch spread across her crotch as she broke into uncontrollable sobs.

There was a stunned silence as everyone became aware that a young, beautiful actress had just had an accident. And then, one pair of hands connected in applause. It was the director. "Marvellous! Marvellous! I haven't seen such realism before. Let's shoot this scene again, in exactly the same way, but from a different angle."

