Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, and Foreplay.
Michaela awoke to the feeling of Alyssa nibbling on her ear.
"Morning sunshine, how are you feeling?" Alyssa asked.
"I feel fine," Michaela replied before turning over her body to look Alyssa in the eyes.
All the feelings of sheer embarrassment from the night before just washed away when she looked at her best friend. She kissed Aly on the lips and smiled. 
"What do you wanna do today?"
"Well we don't have anywhere to be for a couple days, we could have a lil fun, yeah sweetie?"
"Like what kind of fun?" Michaela asked
Alyssa sat up and crawled out of bed. She walked over to Michaela's closet and started rummaging. She inspected all the clothing articles and had a look of solemn contemplation on her face. 
"OK Michaela, I know you've never done any of this before so I'm gonna ease you into it. We're gonna play the game where you have to do what I tell you to do alright? But don't worry; I won't make you do anything too outrageous. It's gonna be fun. I have an idea! Let's go to the fair that is in town, it sounds like it could be good. But fiiiiirst, let's pick you out an outfit for the day!"
Alyssa picked the clothing items and dropped them onto the bed in front of Michaela. She had chosen a black push–up bra, a sheer white t–shirt with the logo of a local rock band on it, a pair of white cotton panties with a black bow on the front of them, and a short frayed denim skirt. She smiled and trotted off towards her own room down the small hallway. The two girls took their time getting ready and eventually Alyssa came back into Michaela's room. She was wearing light pink plaid shorts with a white thong on underneath. Her small breasts looked especially good in a short pink shirt that showed off her pierced navel. Michaela noticed she was wearing the same white bikini top on underneath her shirt that she had worn the night before. 
"You ready Michaela? If we leave now we should get there around 4."
"Ya I'm almost ready, just lemme go take a piss real fast and we can go."
Alyssa gave a little devious smile, "No sweetie. You get to do what I say today and I don't think we have the time sorry. You can go later when we get there."
Michaela was starting to figure out what this game was about but didn't say anything out loud. The two friends left their apartment and headed down a block until they found a taxi to take them to the outskirts of town where the fair was being held. It was a 20–minute ride and soon they were standing at the main entrance where the ticket booths were. They paid their 12 dollars each and headed towards the center.
"So Aly what do you wanna do? They have exhibits, and rides, and shows, ooh and we can get some funnel cake."
Michaela started to feel a little pressure in her bladder and turned to her friend, "Hey the bathrooms are over there on the corner, let's head over there for a sec."
Alyssa put her arm around her friend and pulled her in the other direction towards the food stalls, "Sorry honey but I really need to eat something and we should probably stay hydrated in this sun. We're right here by the food so let's do this first."
Michaela didn't like the sound of that, but figured she could hold on and didn't really want to break the game so quickly.
The two of them wandered over to one of the stands and Alyssa ordered them two large fresh squeezed lemonades and strawberry shortcake. They took the stuff over to one of the many wooden tables and sat down.
Michaela started to squirm as her friend handed her one of the lemonades, "Aly I don't think I can drink this, I have to go to the bathroom remember?"
"No no, you'll be ok, it's good to stay hydrated in this heat, and I don't want you to get sick, ya know? I'm just looking out for you. Besides, you have to do what I say, and if you finish all of it I'll take you to the toilets ok?"
"You promise?"
"Sure I do."
Michaela reluctantly slurped down the drink. As she finished a little over half of it, she could feel her bladder start to ache and found each sip to be harder and harder to take down. Alyssa finished her drink and smiled watching her friend struggle to consume the beverage. 
"OK, OK, OK, I'm done with it now take me the bathroom."
"Aw, alright sweetie let's go."
Alyssa took her hand and start skipping towards the bathrooms when she noticed a sign for the Haunted House and changed course. She very forcefully tried to drag Michaela towards the attraction but she stopped dead in her tracks.
"No! You promised me I could go to the bathroom now! I really must go! I know what you're trying to do, make me wet myself! Look, I'll play your little command game but PLEASE don't make me pee myself in public, I REALLY don't wanna do that again. Please."
"Don't be such a little baby Michaela. If you care about me you'll do what I say! And after the haunted house I really promise that I will take you to the bathrooms OK? Pinky swears!"
"No lies this time!! I really don't know if I can hold it that long though..."
"I know you can hold it Michaela, I believe in you. Now come on I wanna see the haunted house!"
Michaela was not excited about having to hold it much longer but went along with her friend to the attraction. Her bladder still felt sore from holding it so long the night before and she didn't think she would last too long. The two of them got their tickets and entered the haunted house. The place was a big barn that had been sectioned off into different rooms where fair employees dressed up as scary creatures and terrorized the guests. They entered the first room and found a woman dressed like a witch cackling and stirring a big cauldron in the center. Alyssa took Michaela's hand as they happily walked into the next room. As they got through to one of the center rooms it suddenly became very dark and a fog machine covered the place in a light mist. Michaela was walking slowly darting her eyes back and forth to try and see in the low light. Suddenly a hand reached out and grabbed Michaela on the shoulder. Alyssa saw the figure behind them and let go of Michaela's hand before jumping back a couple feet. Michaela gasped and felt a hot spurt of pee rush out of her and into her panties. The liquid was just enough to drip down her leg a little bit before she jammed her hand into her crotch and managed to stop the flow. The figure that had grabbed her stepped back into the shadows from where it came and the two girls quickly darted out into the next room. 
"Oh shit, I wet my panties a little bit. Crap that was scary. Can we get out of here now? I'm gonna have an accident!"
Alyssa had a smile on her face in the dark, "sure we can go...but that means we still have to find our way out through the rest of the rooms."
Michaela cringed and exhaled deeply before starting to walk faster out of there. The slight release made the pressure on her bladder feel a little bit less, but she still really needed to go. They walked through a dark corridor and started to hear a loud recording of a ghastly laugh playing from the speakers above them. Michaela was looking to one side when out of nowhere a man in a mask popped out and growled menacingly right into her face. She shrieked and jumped backwards, slamming her back into the wall, causing her to drop down to her knees. She tried to catch her breath when she realized she was peeing. She had gotten so scared she hadn't even noticed the fresh urine that exploded out of her and had begun to run like a river out of her underwear and down her legs. Her skirt was so tight against her body that it couldn't help but get drenched with the pee that ran down her. It started to pool around her knees, but she was still too shaken up to move. She sat there and peed for what seemed like forever. A couple tears started to form in the corners of her eyes, but she stopped herself from crying and stood up. She dashed out of the rest of the rooms and finally made her way to the Haunted house exit where Alyssa seemed to be waiting for her already. 
"Michaela.... whoa what happened? Did you get really scared in there? Your skirt is soaked."
"Oh my god Aly, Oh my god, I can't believe I just peed my pants in there, I can't believe I just did that. Holy crap, where were you?"
"Oh I dunno, I guess I got a little bit ahead of you. It's OK...let's get you cleaned up OK?
Alyssa went to a nearby booth that was selling novelty tie–dye shirts and bought a large one for Michaela.
"Here, this'll be long enough to cover your skirt so nobody can tell k?"
Michaela's face was bright red and she felt funny standing there at the fair in wet clothes and quickly put the T–shirt on. She felt ashamed of what just happened, but not like she had felt the night before. Strangely the wetness also made her feel a bit naughty, she was confused as to whether she felt good or bad about what had just occurred. Alyssa suggested they try out the tilt–a–whirl and she agreed to go on it with her. The ride was one where it spun you around about 30 feet in the air while also spinning you almost vertically. They paid the ticket fee and hopped on. The ride lifted them into air and started to twirl around and around.
"Hey Michaela?"
"Yeah, Alyssa?"
"You really are my best friend you know that?"
"Of course I know that, you're my best friend too."
Alyssa smiled and amidst the twirling took Michaela's hand and put it on the crotch of her shorts against her peehole. Michaela looked down and noticed a wet spot appear. Alyssa closed her eyes and the wet spot started to grow and grow as they spun around and around and around. Her pink plaid shorts turned darker as the pee soaked right through the thin material. Aly's pee started to form a small pool underneath her ass and Michaela felt the warmth jetting out against her hand. Her underwear was clearly visible under the shorts and Alyssa sighed in happiness. It ran down Alyssa's legs and Michaela started to rub her beneath the drenched shorts. They kissed each other on the lips as the fair's firework display started to explode in the sky in front of them. They were going to be best friends for a very long time.
By: Captain Jack