Lunambra 2-10

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Ten - Limits

"Grab the dry towels and let's go towards the back of the room where it's more dry," Marina said. Baeden nodded and slowly made his way to the crate, pulling the mass of thick towels out of it and throwing them around his shoulders. They gingerly walked across the silent treasury until they were just a few feet away from the wall of crates. Marina glanced stealthily at it, spotting the gap between them that Sabina and Mary were surely watching intently from. She stared right into it, and winked. She smiled as she heard a tiny giggle. "Enjoy," she mouthed.

Baeden was spreading the towels over the stone floor, layering them thick to create the best cushion he could manage. Soon he was finished, and Marina kneeled down on the towels. Baeden did the same, and they stared into each other's eyes. "Are you alright?" Baeden asked. "You are really still and quiet for someone so full. If you lost control down here, you can tell me. I won't be upset."

Marina reached out, taking Baeden's right hand and pulling it onto her belly. It was as hard as the castle walls, and as round as a guard's helmet. "I'm fine. Just too full to bother talking about it. It feels like my whole body has locked up."

"That's how I felt the night I met you, when we were resting under the trees. I never did thank you for that night, for allowing me to relieve myself with my pride intact. I was likely going to wet myself any second...I was really afraid."

He reached out his other arm and embraced Marina, holding her closer to him. She could feel his warmth, radiating out from his desperate body. "You don't have to thank me," she breathed. "I just wanted to see you do it so badly. You watched me wet myself, you took my clothes off, and I wanted to make it even." She slowly leaned back, and he helped her down into the pile of towels. He grasped the waist of her burlap pants and slid them down her legs, tossing them aside. He watched as she spread her legs, her huge bulging belly showing under her burlap shirt. She untied said shirt, pulling it off and wadded it behind her head like a pillow. Baeden's shirt was next, the royal red flashing through the air before it landed near her pants.

His organ was at full attention now, despite his desperation. She frowned, somewhat sad at the thought that she could never see him truly lose control like this. Was this even true, though? Surely if he was full enough, and if there was enough pressure, his body would surely have to let it out to save him from harm? She shook the thought away for now. He was leaning over her, breathing heavily, sweat gathering on his chin. "Take me now," Marina moaned.

Baeden did not need to be told twice. He grasped his manhood and guided it into Marina's soaked privates, pushing it into her to the very base of the shaft. He could feel her contracting and shaking from the inside, and he could even feel the weight of her bladder pushing down on his member. He stiffened his legs and thrust into her again, and she wrapped the blankets in her fists, squeezing them tightly. Each thrust rocked her backwards, and she could see her belly bouncing with Baeden's motions. She held it in though, timing her own movements so his body pressed right against her pee hole. They made love for twenty minutes, in every position they knew. He took her from behind, holding her bladder with his hands. She rode him for a long time, leaning forwards to kiss him as he held her breasts. She got off a total of three times, spraying sex over Baeden's legs with each quivering orgasm.

Eventually though, Baeden grasped her hips and lifted her off of him, laying her on the towels beside him. "I'm about to finish" he whispered. "I don't know how I've held off this long. I wish I could do it inside of you without the risk of pregnancy."

"It is alright, my love," she whispered. "It is better off this way, because there is something I wish to see."

"And what is that?" Baeden asked.

Marina grinned at him. She turned on her side, grasping his slick staff tightly with her left hand. She stroked it gently, blushing as it throbbed and pulsed in her hand. "You say that men cannot relieve themselves while they are hard," she said. "I do not believe that. You just have to be full enough. I think you are...I want you to push on your belly as hard as you can while I pleasure you." She wasted no time, tugging at him while she kissed and licked at it. He just went stiff. "Do it, my Prince," she begged. "Push in on it with all your strength."

He opened his mouth to argue, but let out a gasp of pleasure as she circled his tip with her tongue. His hands slammed onto his belly, and he pushed in, massaging it and pressing down with his large hands. Marina smiled as his cock immediately grew even harder, fighting against her hand. She kneeled up and began sucking on it, still stroking the base with her right hand. "I can't," Baeden gasped. "It just won't come out."

Marina let go of his rod, reaching her hand across both of his. She leaned to her right, putting half her weight on top of Baeden's own pressure. He screamed out loud, and she felt it happen before she could get clear. Her mouth instantly filled with the hot liquid, and she fell backwards as he burst all over himself. "Yes," she hissed, watching the golden stream spray high into the air. She only hesitated a second before she climbed on top of him again, forcing him back into herself. It was the best feeling in the world, his warmth spreading all through her privates and into her body. As this happened, it was like a switch flipped inside of her. The metaphorical 'lock' that she felt earlier split open, and all the throbbing pressure and pain returned full-force.

She screamed and sat straight, letting Baeden's manhood fall onto his belly. He cut off the stream as he watched her stand up, crushing her legs together and forcing her hands between them. She bounced and gasped, moaned and doubled over. Tidal waves of pressure crashed against her soaking, compressed flower. Her fingers grew slick as spurts started forcing their way out of her, despite her greatest efforts to hold on. Baeden grabbed his cock and started weeing again, directing it between her legs. It was the final straw, and her dam burst open. She came once more as she relieved herself over her lover. She went completely limp, sitting back down on Baeden, gasping at the ceiling as her body twitched involuntarily from the relief.

She could see her own liquids spreading across his chest and dripping down his neck, the pressure spraying her pee with great force. She took him into her again, rocking back and forth, their waters mixing in their bout of passion. He suddenly tensed up, thrusting further into her, and reaching up to grab at her arm. He tugged weakly at it, and she felt another jolt in her womanhood. She frowned, looking into Baeden's eyes. He looked drained and exhausted, but she could see concern and worry in him too. And then she understood. He had his pleasure inside of her. She had not given him much choice in the matter. She smiled as she leaned forwards and kissed him. "It is alright, my Prince. I want to leave here soon. If I grow with child, it will only move me on my way. You know I always planned on leaving."

Baeden just nodded as he continued to soak the towels beneath them. Marina stood up as she still relieved herself, and it fell onto Baeden's organ. It was an altogether beautiful sight, two beautiful people doing the most beautiful deed. They both finished at the same time, and Marina leaned against the wall, rubbing herself between her legs. "With all this pee, it would be a miracle if you actually got pregnant," Baeden said finally. "I'm sure it was all washed out of there."

Marina nodded. "Probably. We'll find out in about a week, either way."

"What happens in a week?"

"I get my...you know," she said, blushing. "Don't make me say it."

"Oh," Baeden coughed. "Yes, I suppose we'll know then. I put spare clothes in the bottom of the towel crate. Let's change and get back to the castle."

They stood up and changed, and they both left the treasury together. Marina glanced over her shoulder to make sure the outside lock stayed open, and soon they were on the staircase back to the castle.

Still laying in Sabina's puddle, red-faced and astonished, both with their fingers inside themselves, Mary and Sabina looked at each other.

"Holy hell," they whispered together.

