My Cab Ride With Pamela
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

A few years ago, I attended an industry conference in Chicago. The location was at one of the down-town hotels, and during the conference we attended break-out sessions of 5 participants. One of my colleagues from my own company was in my break-out group, and I was very happy when I saw her sitting across from me. Her name was Pamela P, and she was one of the most attractive young women I had ever met. Fairly petite, dark hair, slim build, and absolutely fantastic legs, which she accentuated by wearing a not-too-long tight skirt. She had only graduated a year ago, so I guessed she was probably 22 years old. My group got on really well, so we decided to go out for dinner together. By the time we were starting our meal, my relationship with Pamela was definitely developing strongly, and we were beginning to touch hands and hold each others' gaze.

The meal was great, and afterwards we decided to go to the Sears Tower. We were only a few blocks away (or so we thought!). I had noticed that Pamela had drunk several beers. but she didn't appear to be much affected by it. Still, I fantasised - all that fluid has to go somewhere, and probably sometime soon it would find a way out!

As we got up from the table, Pamela started to look around. Quickly I grabbed her sweater off the back of the chair and standing behind her helped her into it, taking the time to give her a gentle hug from behind as I reached my arms around her, pulling her sweater closed in front of her while she fastened the buttons.

"It's only a couple of blocks" I said, "and we have to hurry because they will be closing the observation deck in a few minutes."

Pamela nodded silently, and we walked out onto the street. I deliberately lead the group in what I knew was a wrong direction, and after about 10 minutes we realised we were much further away from the Hancock building than we had thought.

Pamela was walking beside me, and said quietly. "I hope it isn't much further. I really need a washroom!"

"Try walking with your leg crossed" giggled one of the other girls.

"What would happen if we tickled you?" asked the only other guy in the group.

We all laughed at that one, but I could see Pamela was not amused. As we approached the Hancock Building. I could feel my heart beginning to race. I was almost certain it would be closed by the time we got there. I slowed down, so I was walking behind Pamela to get a good view of her legs, imagining seeing little trickles running down them if she began to wet her panties.

I was right! The Hancock was closed when we got there. "Oh God!" said Pamela softly to herself. as we stood outside the closed door to the building. She was obviously quite uncomfortable, standing with her legs squeeed tightly together.

"Let's take the subway back towards the hotel," I suggested, and started to walk towards the station a few blocks away. When we got to the platform a train was standing there. Pamela was anxiously looking for the washroom when the doors started to close. I grabbed her by the hand and dragged her onto the train at the last moment. I sat down on the seat facing her, and I could see she was becomming increasingly agitated, not able to sit still and tapping her foot up and down.

"It's only a few stops to where we get off" I said encouragingly - "Are you OK?"

"No." was all she said, clenching her teeth, and folding her hands tightly together as she pressed down on her lap. The expression on her face was one of intense concentration. Clearly she was approaching the point of extreme discomfort, and was having to make quite an effort to stop herself from wetting her panties.

The train stopped before reaching the next station, and the PA system informed us we would be delayed a few minutes due to signal problems. Pamela's re ction to this made my heart race even faster. She leant forwards, clasping her hands underneath her thighs and rocking back and forwards, her eyes tightly closed, her lips pressed tightly in a thin white line. Pamela was definitely in a bad, bad way.

I took a deep breath "Pamela" I said quietly - "If you're going to wet your panties, better do it standing up, and keep your skirt dry."

"I'm OK" she whimpered, but the expression on her face, and the way she was bouncing up and down as she clenched her buttock muscles, indicated otherwise.

After a few minutes we reached our destination. Pamela got up slowly, holding her purse tightly against her crotch as she hobbled off the train. As soon as she got off, she looked around in despair for the washrooms. It was now late in the evening, and my heart almost stopped when I saw that the metal curtain had been drawn across the entrance to the washrooms. Pamela saw it too, and covered her face with her free hand, and started to cry as she clutched herself.

"Let's get a cab" I suggested as we reached the street. I glanced at Pamela. She was standing with her legs crossed, now pressing her purse tightly against herself with both hands.

A cab was standing just outside. I could see the driver was looking intently at Pamela's legs as she stood, squirming around in what was obviously the final moment before she wet her panties.

I went over to the driver, while the others waited for me to negotiate the fare. "Take your time" I said quietly to the driver, "Take the scenic route back to the Airport Hilton - we're in no hurry."

"You're girl looks like she's in a hurry!" he commented.

"That's very observant of you" I replied. "Trust me, the rest of us want to take all the time we can, and I'll pay for you to go to the Airport Hilton the long way round!"

He winked at me: "OK - you're the Boss. But I have only room for four passengers, and there are five of you."

"She'll sit on my lap" I said to the driver, as we both looked at Pamela. He grinned widely to himself.

I took Pamela's hand and got in first. Pamela had to sit on my lap as the others crowded into the back seat. "Well Done" I congratulated myself. For as long as I could remember, I had fantasised but seeing attractive young women in situations where they had to wet their panties, and for me the ultimate fantasy was the moment when they lost control and their legs got wet as little trickles streamed down. Having a really pretty girl wet her panties while sitting on my lap had not been the highest on my list of fantasies, but it certainly was way up there!

And here I was, this most attractive and alluring young woman sitting on my lap, desperately trying not to wet her panties. I could feel the rythmic tightening of her buttocks as she fought for control. The driver had left the interior lights on, so I could see Pamela's slender thighs. I felt the ever increasing jiggling of her whole body. I ran my hand up and down her back in a gentle caress. She moaned softly as she leant back against my hand and made a squirming effort to cross her legs in the cramped space. She held that position for a minute or so, then quickly uncrossed them again, pressing down on my legs with her hands she tried to raise her self up a little.

She began to cry again, and said quietly between sobs "I'm sorry, I can't hold on any longer - I'm going to wet my panties !!" Pamela was really squirming around now, and her frantic movements had moved her skirt way up. I could resist her fantastic legs and thighs no longer. I put my right hand around her waist and held her close to me, and ran my left hand up her legs, clasped my hand over her knee, then caressed her thighs lightly.

"Oh No!" she gasped, "you can do that anytime but right now it's not helping at all!" Pamela continued to gasp after she stopped talking.

She was starting to panic as she squirmed and twisted on my lap. All attempts to conceal her plight were abandoned as her struggle reached its climax. I placed my hand underneath her thighs, and pressed up slightly as I moved my hand towards her panties. She clasped her hands under her thighs, pressing my hand tightly against her, then she raised her legs a little and leaned forwards, her eyes tightly closed, bitting her lip.

"Just relax and let go," I whispered into her ear. Pamela suddenly sat up straighter and sighed deeply, then sat absolutely still. I could feel her beautiful body relax as she gave up the struggle. She leant against me, her head resting on my shoulder. In spite of the tremendous pressure which was threatening to burst her bladder, it was obviously not that easy for Pamela to relax and wet herself. Years of conditioning and training were not about to be overwhelmed in an instant. Despite her agony, all her instincts, all her involuntary movements and reflexes were directed to holding on at all costs. And even though I suspected she had reached the point where she really wanted to let go, it was going to require very deliberate decision on her part, for her to wet her panties. She groaned a little, and wriggled into an upright position:

"I'm so sorry" she whispered "You're going to get very, very wet! "

"That's OK" I whispered back "I know you may think this weird, but this is the sexiest thing that's ever happened to me! Just try to relax."

Pamela sat still. Nothing was happening.

Then her eyes opened wide, she pulled her hands out from under her legs, wriggling around as she wrapped her arms around my neck and began to kiss me.

"I'm wetting myself" she whispered, almost with relief.

For a few moments I didn't notice anything. Then I felt a warmth against the back of my hand as a trickle ran down the inside of her skirt before soaking through. I pressed my left palm up against her thighs, moving my hand up until I was pressing against her panties. The trickle became a flood as she relaxed more, and I could feel it soaking through her skirt making my crotch warm and wet. She pressed one hand down tightly between her legs in a reflex motion, and I could see a damp patch spreading out from under her hand. Pamela started writhing around on my lap after a few seconds. trying to stop herself wetting her panties, and after about ten seconds or so managed to hold it. By that time, of course, we were both soaked.

Pamela's relief was obvious. being free from the agony of the past fifteen minutes or so far outweighed her embarrassment at having wet her panties. She repeatedly told me how embarrassed and sorry she was. I pressed my hand under her skirt, feeling the warm wetness seeping through from her panties.

"Do you feel better?" I asked - "You certainly feel better to me!"

In response she stopped apologizing and we started kissing passionately, while my other hand caressed her wet thighs.

Getting out of the cab was an embarrassing experience for all of us. The other three didn't know just where to look. The driver and I just stared at Pamela. She was standing on the sidewalk, still squirming around a little, obviously very uncomfortable as she stood there in her wet panties. The front of her skirt was wet with a damp patch extending about 6 inches across her crotch, and about half way down the front of her skirt. Obviously when she clutched herself as she lost control, pressing the front of her skirt against her panties had caused the damage. Little dribbles were still running down the insides of her slender thighs, and down her long shapely legs, from her wet panties.

She became aware of us staring at her and blushed furiously, making her look even sexier. She turned away from us in embarrassment. We could see that the back of her skirt was totally wet - even wetter than the front, saturated from top to bottom and from side to side. Her soaked skirt was clinging about halfway up her thighs, and she seemed reluctant to touch it and pull it down with her hands which were quite dry. The bottom edge of her skirt was dripping onto the backs of her knees. I thought the back view of her legs was even sexier than the front view as the little trickles ran down behind her knees and backs of her legs into her sneakers.

Apparently, wetting her panties while sitting on my lap in the cab was only a temporary relief, for she suddenly bent her knees and leaned forwards, squeezing her legs together. A moment later the drips become a steady stream down her legs as poor Pamela started to wet her panties again. After a few seconds she jerked upright and managed to stop.

I turned to the driver to pay the fare. "Fare's on me" he said quietly,

"Haven't seen anything as sexy as that for years. You're one lucky bastard!"

And I was too, wasn't I ?

