Title: none given

By: Frodo

It was a mild summer afternoon. I had nothing to do but enjoy it. I was finishing my third beer when I realized that I had to pee somewhat urgently. Being in a perverse mood, I decided to wait. I opened my fourth beer and strolled about the fields behind the barn.

I had to pee really bad, but it was just a sensation of pressure, not pain. I continued to hold and stroll on.

The need to pee became almost overwhelming, but I continued to resist. Each time I felt the pee moving down my cock, I would pull on it and prevent its exit. In time, gentle pulls were futile, and I was actively yanking on my cock to make it hard so that the pee would remain contained.

I had been meandering for some time, and now the urgency came in waves. A firm squeeze counteracted the contraction of my bladder, but my erection was failing me. I thrust my hand past the waist of my jeans and jacked furiously to restore the hardness of my cock. It responded reluctantly.

I headed back toward the barn where my favorite pee-spot was located. All I could think of was how bad I had to pee and my need to get to find relief. My briefs were becoming wet.

The barn was it sight, but without warning my bladder contracted mightily and a spurt streamed darkness down the front of my leg. Another followed, and although I was squeezing my cock to the point of pain, I just couldn't hold it in anymore.

I ran, I squeezed, but pee gushed down my leg. By the time I got to the barn I was soaked, and now the urgency had subsided to a dull throb. I decided it was time to change into dry jeans, open another can of beer, and resume my stroll.......

