Hello everybody, my name is Melanie and I am 22 years old and 5 foot 7 inches tall with black hair down until my shoulders. I weigh 55 kilos and this is my story for you.
As I was nineteen years old, after my exam party I was talking to my good friend Rebecca.
"Hey Melanie, would you like to come with me to the pub in Midtownstreet to have our own exam party– I think it will be more fun than this one?"
"Yes, that's a great idea. I'll come with you. Let us have some drinks without the teachers and parents like here."
"Exactly, that is what I mean," Rebecca said and we walked to the pub there, called New England. In the pub were a lot of people, but we could find a table for two. We sat down and ordered two beers. "Melanie, please tell me what is going on with Michael. Do you really like him?" she asked me.
I was a little bit embarrassed about that because I thought no one noticed this. "Yes, in my opinion he is a nice young man with a great smile and beautiful eyes."
"This sounds interesting. Tell me more about him. Where did you meet him the first time?" she wanted to know.
We ordered a second drink. Rebecca wanted a cocktail and I had a soda. "I met him at my sister's birthday. He was in a group for a funny game with me. After the party was over, he drove me home," I told her. She wanted to know if he came into my house with me. We got our third drinks from the steward now. "No he didn't. He gave me his number and we met us five days later. But nothing more happened between us." I ordered my fourth drink and Rebecca paid her share of the tab. As the steward carried my drink, she was using the ladies' room for a pee. After five minutes she came back and I had zipped down my wine spritzer.
"Shall we eat something" I've heard that they have good sandwiches here." I agreed and we ate a large sandwich with ham and mushrooms. "This tastes really great. It was a good idea to come in here," she happily said.
After the meal and drinks I felt my bladder a bit. "I think the drinks want to come out, so I will quickly use the toilet," I excused myself.
"Okay, but Don't leave me alone too long with those boys behind you. They have been watching me since we sat down," she indicated to me.
"Okay, I am going to try to hurry up and then we can drive you home," I promised her. When I opened the door to the toilets, there was a line of ten women waiting for a pee. "Excuse me, please. Why is it so busy here?" I asked the last woman in line. Here are only two cabins in this pub and one of them is out of order. She explained.
She asked me if I had to go badly, because she didn't. "No, not yet, I just felt my bladder a little bit. I can wait. But thanks, that's very kind of you."
"Don't mention it! It's okay." She gave me a smile and we still waited in line, which was now nine women standing in there. After seven minutes the lady in the cabin was flushing down and came out of it. The women in the front of the line entered the toilet and closed the door. I watched the first person in the line and couldn't believe my eyes.
She pranced from foot to foot and opened the belt of her mini skirt. "Ah," she moaned, "I really shouldn"t have drunk so much soda. Oh God! Can you hurry up in there, please; I really have to pee very badly." She was begging now.
"I'm almost finished, just wiping myself." The woman in the cabin flushed the toilet. While the water flowed down, the lady in front of the cabin crossed her legs desperately and pushed her hands very hard between her legs. "Not the sound of flushing water, that's making it even worse!" she cried. She dashed into the toilet and sat down on the porcelain without closing the door behind her. She pulled up her mini skirt and extracted her string to the side. She peed out a loud and hissing stream of pee in front of us, for all to see. "Ooh! That was necessary!" The woman said.
As soon as she was done, the next one went in. She used the toilet about three minutes and the next one could go. Five minutes passed until she was ready. Now, the next lady, she was middle aged, ran into the toilet and closed the door. "I have made it!" she said, very happy about the fact that she could finally use the toilet now. At this time Rebecca came in to ask me, if I needed much longer in there.
"Yes, there are still five women in front of me, but I am okay," I answered. She explained that she was talking with the boys from the other table now.
Rebecca went out and with her the girl from the cabin. The next girl needed only three minutes which made me happy, because my need for a toilet became stronger yet. "Now there"s only four in front of me, don't panic. I can manage it," I told myself. "But I don't know if this sexy blonde young woman with the nice rounded breasts will reach it in time," I thought. She jumped up and down and from foot to foot. She crossed her legs and shouted, almost crying, "Come on! Please hurry up! I had a few drinks before I got here!" She complained. The woman who used the toilet promised that she will do her best to hurry.
"Great, I thank you very much. I really can't hold it much longer. And I don't want to piss myself in front of the other ladies in here."
In her desperation she crossed and recrossed her legs, squirmed around and grabbed her crotch. While I was watching her, I felt my own bladder pressure getting stronger and I had to open my belt two holes farther. Only four! I can do it! I will reach this toilet in time. The girl with the brown hair came out of the toilet and the very desperate blonde was running into the stall. She pulled down her opened jeans, sat down very fast and peed through her panties. "Oh my God! It feels so great to pee."
After her, a red haired younger girl, she was only sixteen or seventeen years old, went on in. But now, after the long time the other girls needed to pee, I felt that my bladder had gotten very full. I wasn't still thinking, "only three girls," I was thinking, "Oh please God, make them hurry up. I have to go in the next few minutes and there are still three others who will use the toilet, before I can." I was in a bad situation now. The girl came out after four minutes and I was happy about the new situation.
Okay, only two other women who are going to pee before I can relieve myself. To deflect me from my desperation, I checked the woman in front of me. I estimated that she was 26. She was a slim girl with black hair down to her shoulders. She was wearing tight jeans that let everyone see her perfect backside. My bladder pressure was very strong now and I opened my jeans belt completely, because it is easier to hold it with a full bladder without a tight belt pressing on it. I also opened the button and zipper from my jeans, but slowly, that no one could notice it. I was in real trouble now and stood with my hands into my jeans and knickers. So I could help my trembling pussy with this urge to pee. "Good, that helps a little bit to hold on longer. I hope she will hurry up in there" I thought.
When the woman came out from the toilet, I pulled my hands back from my peehole. It felt embarrassing to be holding myself like an eight year old child. But that made my desperation even worse. I had to stick my hands back against my aching vagina and pushed them hard on me. My pee was nearly ready to escape. The toilet flushed and the next lady could go into the stall. Finally! She has already done her business and only this 26 year old in front of me will use the toilet until I can empty my bladder. I couldn't hold it much longer. In the mirror I saw myself with opened jeans, both hands in my panties pushing against my abdomen. I stood there trying to hold on with my legs crossed. But I had to fight so hard against the urge to piss, that I started to sweat. My urge was so bad now that I shouted to the lady in the cabin, "What are you doing in there" Please, hurry up! I have to pee so badly that my stomach hurts."
"I'm trying my best, but the pee just isn't coming!"
"What" Then come out and let me in!" I whined.
"I can't do that, sorry. If I stand up from the toilet seat and leave, I really will pee after a few seconds. I did that one time for a girl in a highway toilet and pissed myself in about thirty seconds. I'm so sorry, but I don't want to wet myself again."
"But I also don't want to pee myself. Can you just come out and try to hold it for me" My bladder is bursting." For sure, I wasn't lying. My bladder was so full, that a little bit of pee found the way out of my bladder down to my hole. 
"I can't keep on holding; my bladder is really going to burst. I am so sorry, but do you know what?"
"What," I cried in desperation.
"If you could sing for me I possibly will pee."
"Try to pee alone, please– I cannot sing. Especially not in this situation! Please, I'm can't hold it back much longer," I begged.
"I'm sorry, and then you will have to wait until I pee. But I cannot guarantee that anything will happen soon." She excused herself with these words and I still had to fight against my strong need to pee.
I squirmed around in the ladies" room in front of the closed toilet. "Please try to pee soon. I am in a state of emergency." I felt a few drops of pee in my hands.
"Oh! Please try to finish in there! I already dripped a bit in my hands!"
"In your hands" Are you holding your crotch?" she asked.
"Yes, I'm holding my hands between my legs. Why can't you just pee I am nearly bursting!"
"Because I can't pee in public restrooms like this!" she explained.
"Then why are you here?"
"I'm here, because I felt my bladder as I walked through this town and nowhere was a public toilet or a restaurant without a big line at the ladies". I was looking around and saw that there weren"t any women in front of the toilet. My house is more than an hour away."
I heard a few drops falling down from her, followed from a stream of loud hissing pee.
"Oh no," I gasped, "I can't hold it when I hear you peeing in there. I've been holding so many drinks for such a long time. I have to keep my pants dry and can't pee. that's impossible right now!"
"Ah! No, please, not here. Not yet. I am almost done."
I pulled my jeans down in a fight with my bladder. I plunged my hands into my stomach and pressed my legs together. Not here please! Not in public. Not at my age. Please, no. I stood up keeping my hands pressed into my stomach. I did a pee dance. I bounced up and down, my legs were crossed. I never had to pee so bad in my life before, and right here, right now when it is going to happen, the only toilet I could use is occupied. And then it happened. "Oh no, I can't hold it any longer! My bladder is bursting right now! I'm peeing myself right now and I can't do anything to stop it!" I shouted and a strong stream of golden pee flushed out of me. I peed over forty seconds and all over the floor.
By: Melanie P.