I'd been called in to investigate a commercial burglary. As the first detective on the scene, I walked into the second floor office. I saw a beautiful woman tied to her office chair: her arms bound to the chair arms, and her legs tied apart, also to the arms of the chair. Her skirt had ridden up to reveal some of her beautifully nylon–clad legs. She was blindfolded. There was a piece of duct tape securing her mouth. She was pulling and writhing against the restraints in an effort to get herself out of the chair.
I removed the blindfold and I showed her my badge, and her eyes signaled her relief. From under the duct tape, she was trying to talk or scream to no avail. The crime scene investigators were on their way, and I really did not want to disturb the crime scene by untying her. The least I could do was to remove the duct tape from her mouth. I walked over to her, removed the duct tape, and also the handkerchief that the thief had stuffed in her mouth. She had a large bottle of water on her desk, and I fed it to her.
"What's your name and what happened here?" I asked.
"I'm Kate, and two guys robbed the vault last night. I've been here all night. Please, please untie me. I've been waiting to go to the bathroom, and I have to pee so very badly. The robbers tied my legs apart, so I couldn't even cross my legs."
"I'm sorry, Kate, but you'll just have to wait until the crime scene people show up and process the scene."
"Please help me," Kate sighed.
I'd do what I could, but I knew that the crime scene people were over an hour away. "What can I do to help you?"
"Talk to me," Kate replied.
I began to ask Kate about the details of what happened. She launched into the story, and then stopped in mid–sentence. "Please, you have to help me hold my pee." I really don't want to wet my pants. Pull up my skirt. I can't remember the last time I had to go this badly. My pantyhose and girdle are so tight they press against my bladder." Kate was biting her lips when an obvious wave of bladder pain assaulted her.
I managed to pull her skirt up to her hips. Her black pantyhose crept up under the leg of what appeared to be a very firm and tight panty girdle. I asked her what she would normally do to hold her pee.
Kate said: "Normally, I wouldn't let it get this bad. But I'd cross my legs tightly, try to think of something else. If I were by myself, I'd clamp my hand against my crotch, and get to the bathroom as fast as I could. I hope that I could only hold it long enough to pull down by girdle and pantyhose. When I clamp my hands between my legs when I have to pee, I get wild with desire, and since there is never anyone around, I gotta take care of it myself."
"Clamp your hand between my legs, fast and hard," Kate said.
I did as she asked, but not before my hand began at her ankle and slowly moved its way up her leg. I could feel the heat and wetness coming from between her legs. Kate tried to push herself into my hand. "Press harder," she whispered. I did. Kate was getting wet. "I'd do just about anything to get out of this girdle. I've had it on for almost 24 hours, and it's so tight that I just can't breathe."
"Kiss me, as hard as you can," Kate whispered. I did so with pleasure– our tongues intertwining, her hips again pressing into my hand. "Make me come," she whimpered.
My hand found the slit at the crotch of the girdle, and I inserted my finger. I could feel the soaked crotch of her pantyhose, and that her clit was hard and aroused. My fingers made circles through her pantyhose around her clit.
"Oh, God, more, more," Kate whimpered again. "Make me come."
"If you come, you'll pee in your pants and ruin my crime scene. You'll just have to hold it."
"No, I can't hold it much longer. Please let me come." Kate begged, as my fingers worked harder. Without any warning, I felt a small hot jet of pee coming from her. "Sorry," she whimpered, "I can't hold it." I knew she was near orgasm, but I was not about to let her come as she'd just let loose. Guess I'll just have to keep her on the edge. I really want to make her wet her pantyhose and girdle with arousal... and maybe see her pee in her pants.
I pulled my finger off her clit, but kept in on the crotch of her pantyhose. "Don't stop, don't stop," she moaned, as she rocked back and forth against her restraints. "Finish me," she whimpered, her voice soft with desire.
As the crime scene people clattered up the stairs, I gave Kate a quick kiss, and whispered, "you'll just have to wait." in her ear. It looked as if every nerve in Kate's body was on fire...
The crime scene people began taking photographs of the ropes and tape, which held Kate to the chair. They appeared to be unique. I saw Kate frantically whispering to the female crime scene investigator, as Kate was grinding herself into the chair. I knew from that angle she could not get contact with her throbbing core.
The female crime scene investigator cut the ropes tying Kate's legs apart, and she crossed them as hard, as tightly, and as fast as I've ever witnessed any woman do it. Kate was so frantic as she tried to grind herself into her chair. She looked too sexy and aroused as she was fighting to hold her pee and get some contact for herself. Momentarily, the crime scene people cut the ropes from Kate's arms.
She stood up a bit shakily on her high heels, and then she raised up her skirt, grabbed her crotch as hard as she could, and began running to the bathroom, just down the corridor. She was a sight, running with her hand thrust between her legs. Once in the bathroom, Kate frantically tried to get to the high waist of her girdle to pull it down, all the while muttering "Oh God, oh God, I'm going to pee in my pants." The waist of the girdle was above the waist of her skirt, and couldn't reach it from under her skirt. As she told me later, she had been waiting to pee for so long that it didn't matter whether she could get her girdle and hose off or not, so she just sat down and let go.
Her relief was almost overwhelming. Kate continued to pee until she could get control of herself and stop long enough to get to the waist of her girdle... and rip it and her pantyhose off. She said it was so good to just get out of that underwear. She sat down to finish... and oh how her clit ached. The detective's touch had set her on fire, and her hand found the center of her need. She rubbed her clit hard and fast, and had to put her arm in her mouth to stifle the moan. Kate sat there for several minutes, regaining her breath and composure, and thinking about the events that had just transpired.
Kate wanted to be fucked so badly that she was beside herself with lust, and that good–looking detective was just the ticket. Masturbating just took the edge off. It had been quite a while since she had sex.
Kate took her soaked underwear and put it in a plastic bag to deal with later. She put her shoes back on, and went back into the office. The detective was still there. "I'll have to take your formal statement," I said. "We'll have to go to the station."
"Do we have to go to the station?" Kate asked. "I'm hungry, I need a shower, and I need clean underwear."
"Ok," I replied, "Let's go." With that we got into my car.
Kate turned to me as we eased into traffic. "I have never, ever been that turned on in my entire life. It was the combination of everything that happened," Kate said, her voice was soft, and as she placed her hand on my thigh. "I want it again, I want it more, and I want it now," she whispered.
Her face turned away for a moment, and she continued, "I've never been able to say that before." My hand squeezed hers. As I stopped at a light, Kate quickly moved over and began kissing me. She had no idea how much I wanted her also...
She had me turn left at the next corner, on the way to her apartment. Kate then crossed her legs tightly, and told me to hurry, as she had to pee again... very badly...
By: Phil