Katy's Holding It
	(Female Desperation)
Written by PeeDancingLover

Katy was working at the snack kiosk in the mall. A cute girl with curly red hair, green eyes, and freckles on her nose, she was sharing the closing shift with another girl, Molly. Molly was 21, like Katy, with curly brown hair and blue eyes.

Katy had just finished a cup of coffee when they arrived for their shift. Katy punched in and immidiately got herself a second cup. As she sipped the coffee, Katy chatted with the girls whose shift was ending about the day's business. The girls left, leaving Katy and Molly in charge.

Katy finished the second cup of coffee, and they spent the next hour waiting on non-stop customers. Katy was wearing a red uniform shirt and tan pants. At 7, Katy let Molly take a trip to the restroom, while she got herself a third cup of coffee. By now, the first two cups were hitting her bladder, causing a mildly painful feeling. Molly returned and noticed Katy's coffee.

"Wow! You'll be running to the restroom all night if you keep drinking so much coffee." she exclaimed.

Katy smiled, "Actually, I was planning on holding it."

"Why would you want to do that?" asked Molly, confused.

"I like the feeling of trying to hold it as long as I can," answered Katy, "Have you ever tried it?"

"No-I've never even peed myself," admitted Molly.

They turned back to their work, waiting on customers. By 8, Katy's bladder was under siege from all 3 cups of coffee, and was feeling moderately painful. Their business had tapered off, so they busied themselves restocking everything.

"How are you doing?" asked Molly.

"I really have to piss," admitted Katy grimacing, "It really hurts."

They continued their work. By 8:15, Katy's bladder was intensely painful. She was walking across the kiosk carrying a box of coffee filters. when she was hit by a severe twinge in her bladder.

"Th-Oh! I have to pissssss!" she exclaimed, stopping suddenly and contracting her sphincter muscles sharply.

Molly giggled.

Katy managed to resist the twinge, and after it passed, she continued stocking the shelves. As she was restocking the popcorn boxes, Katy accidentally knocked the scoop on the floor. She bent over to pick it up. As she leaned over, the pressure in her bladder suddenly increased dramatically. Katy felt warm pee rush down her urethra.

"Oooh!" she gasped. "It's coming out! Oh No!"

Katy contacted her sphincter muscles violently to stop the flow of pee. Before she cut it off, a quick burst of pee sprayed out of her pee hole, dampening the crotch of her white cotton panties and quickly seeping along her 'lips'. Katy managed to stop her pee, but her urethra was stinging and her 'lips' were tingling.

"Did you pee yourself?" asked Molly.

"A little," replied Katy, her voice strained. "It just came on me all of a sudden."

By now, it was 8:45, almost closing time. Katy was trying to clean the popcorn popper. She was stretching to reach inside it, when another spasm hit. "Oooh! Oh God! I have to piss! Oooh! Some more's coming out! Oooh!"

Katy violently contracted her sphincter muscles, as she felt her pee again rush down her urethra. This time, a larger spurt rushed out of her pee hole, soaking the crotch of her panties, and gushing over her 'lips' and along her bum crack.

Katy again stopped the flow, but was in agony. Her bladder was unbearably painful, her urethra and pee hole were stinging, and her 'lips' and bum were warm, wet, and tingling.

Katy looked at Molly, who could see a wet spot on the crotch and seat of Katy's tan pants. There were also some drops of pee on the floor. "I'm-th-not going-th-to make itttt," groaned Katy, "I-th-can't hold it-th-much longer - Oooh!" she grimaced and gritted her teeth.

Katy tried to walk across the kiosk, but her bladder spasmed again. She tried to violently contract her sphincter muscles yet again, but they were too tired. Katy felt her pee rush down her urethra, and this time it sprayed out of her pee hole, and kept flowing no matter how hard she squeezed her muscles to stop it. Pee ran farther up her bum, and trickled down the legs of Katy's tan pants. "Oooh! I can't hold it in! I'm pissing myself!" Katy gave up, relaxed her muscles and finished soaking her pants.

When her bladder was finally empty, Katy sighed, feeling the pleasant tingling in her bladder, her privates, and her bum. "Oh! I feel so much better."

"Wow! I can't believe you peed yourself!" giggled Molly.

"You should try it sometime," grinned Katy.

"We'll see," said Molly.

Katy then went to the restroom to clean up, taking her gym bag (which she had brought to work with her), while Molly mopped the floor.

