Title: Way Too Old ...
	Entry to: Month 25
By: Robin

"Mom I'm 12 years old and in the sixth grade, I am way, way too old to need a baby-sitter" 

"Honey, I know you can handle things for yourself, but we're going away overnight and I'd just feel safer if I knew that there was someone else here. Plus we need someone to take care of your baby-sitter"

"I can take care of her Mom, ... its not fair" and with that young Brittany Simmons went storming off into her bedroom, slamming the door behind her. Brittany was at that age, where she thought that she knew everything there was to know, but in actuality knew nothing. She just didn't understand why her mother couldn't give her the responsibility that she thought her friends parents had given to them. "Oh well," thought Brittany, "maybe having a baby-sitter for a night would be fun."

She couldn't have been more wrong.

Two days later, Julia, Brittany's 19 year old baby-sitter, was on the phone with her friends absolutely paying no attention to Brittany or her baby sister. Julia was good looking, light skinned, with blond hair (not her natural color, but it fit her well). She was wearing a pink tank-top which showed off her curvaceous but not huge breasts and somewhat tight blue jeans. 

"Yeah, I have this whole house to myself, its great, yeah, all I gotta do is watch these 2 kids, yeah why don't you come over and hang with me. . . Yeah sure go ahead and bring Joey . . . oh really, is he cute . . . of course he can come too, I'm looking forward to it . . . great bye."

About a half an hour later Julia's best friend Megan came over with her boyfriend Joey and one of his friends Mark. Megan was short and dressed in a tight white tube top and a short black skirt. Joey, a very stylish and trendy boy, was dressed in tan cargo pants and a long white T-shirt with a tan tech vest over it. Mark was dressed casually in shorts and a T-shirt. 

They had brought some beer with them and were happily drinking in the living room when Brittany began to protest. "Julia you know my Mom, doesn't want you to have anyone else over here, and you know she'd be upset that your drinking beer in the house, plus Susies' been crying for like 20 minutes because she needs her diaper changed."

"Well, then why don't you make yourself useful and change it?" Julia retorted sharply. 

Brittany changed her baby sister and locked herself away in her room for a few hours. She was so upset at her baby-sitter for being such a jerk and her mother for refusing to let her stay alone. She resolved to stay in her room as long as possible and to try to ignore everything that was going on in her house. After 2 and a half hours however her need to pee made her get up to go use the bathroom. When she left her room she saw Julia and Mark making out on the couch. "That didn't take them very long" Brittany thought to herself, but didn't give it much thought because she really had to pee. When she arrived at the bathroom, however, she found Megan and Joey making out. 

"Excuse me, but I have to use the bathroom" Brittany exclaimed, holding herself and dancing around, upset that she hadn't gotten up to go sooner. "Shut up and leave us alone" Megan yelled. Brittany had no idea what to do, she knew she couldn't hold it but she also knew that Megan wasn't going to leave. "Please, I really have to pee I can't hold it much longer." Brittany pleaded. Megan looked at her extremely agitated at yelled "Julia, this kid is bothering us can you get her out of here!?" 

Julia came in to the bathroom for the living room. At this point Brittany really had to pee and was holding herself and making frantic movements. "What the hell is going on in here" Julia asked. "I really have to pee and I can't hold it, please make her get out the bathroom." Brittany replied hastily. Then a strange, somewhat evil look came over Julia's face. 

"Well, I think I have the solution to this problem, since Megan doesn't want to get out of the bathroom, and since the little baby can't hold her pee-pee, then I think we should put little Brittany back into diapers for the night. Brittany was shocked, she was 12 years old she hadn't worn diapers for 10 years, or for that matter had an accident. Then Julia grabbed her and brought her into the baby's room. Julia put her on the changing table undressed her and put a one of her sister's large disposable diapers on her. Brittany tried to fight but she was out powered. Everyone else was just looking and laughing at this point. Then Brittany had to face reality, she really had to pee and Julia was going to make her pee in a diaper. 

Julia put Brittany in the baby's play pen and then all four nineteen year olds sat around and watched. Brittany held out for another 10 minutes but then just couldn't hold out any longer and wet her diapers. Everyone could tell what she was doing and everyone laughed at her. Julia then said "problem solved, go to bed Brittany"And both couples began making out again. Brittany was so upset and so mad she had to think of a way to get back at these people. Then a plan formed in her young head, she hurried to her sisters room and took off the wet diaper, she then found her parents video camera.

Luckily her father had taught her how to use it she set it up and hid it in the corner of her sisters room. Then she grabbed her sister and moved her to her parents bedroom. None of this was noticed by the otherwise occupied teens. Then she ran out the back door and picked up a small rock. She threw it at her sisters window, not hard enough to break, but it made a very large noise. 

When Julia heard the noise she was quickly brought into reality, all four teens went to investigate what they thought was a break in. When Brittany got back in the house she saw that all four had gone into her sisters room and smiled. She slammed the door behind them and just like she had done to her friends when this was her room, hit the doorknob just hard enough to knock it out of place, effectively making the baby nursery a prison. The four teens turned around just in time to see the door knob falling off. They realized that they were trapped, but didn't realize why. They called and called to Brittany, who was laughing herself to sleep in her room (she had made sure that her sister was safe and asleep in her parent's room). She should have an interesting home movie to watch tomorrow. 

After Julia realized that Brittany wasn't coming to help she took stock of the situation. She asked Mark and Joey to try to get the door open, they did all they could think of but couldn't get it opened at all. If they were thinking more clearly they could have tried to take the hinges off, but they had each had 6 or 7 beers. After a half hour of arguing, Julia announced that she really had to pee. She hadn't been all night and after 6 beers and a few hours that a really long time. Megan suggested that try the windows unfortunately they were barred inside and out to prevent burglary so they couldn't even get them open.

Julia was really beginning to squirming now. "We really have get out of here I can't hold it very long" Megan who had gone once already, but had to go again chimed in, "I know I have to pee too, there must be something we can do." Joey tried the door again but as Mark watched. Mark hadn't been to the bathroom all night either and really had to pee but was trying not to let on. Joey exclaimed "I'm sorry but there's nothing we can do until someone puts the doorknob back in"

"But we have no idea how long that will be" complained Julia "and I really have to pee." 

About a half an hour later Julia was completely desperate as was Mark. Julia was completely holding herself bouncing and shifting back and forth. Mark couldn't help but hold his penis now he had to pee so badly. Megan was squirming and bouncing and Joey was finally starting to show signs that he had to go. Joey said "OK I think its time we found a container or something we can pee in or else we'll all wet ourselves." After a thorough search of the room all they found was a potty-training toilet that had once been Brittany's and was awaiting use for her baby sister. But, made for a two-year old toddler's meager pee and not for fully loaded 19 year olds, the group estimated that it would only hold enough for one to pee. 

The group argued about who should use it but decided to choose randomly by playing odd man out. Megan won the game and quickly decided to make use of her victory. She hiked up her skirt and pulled down her panties and tried to squat of the potty. Unfortunately the hole was too small, and Julia warned her to try not to get pee on the floor because she knew she'd have to pay to get the carpet cleaned out of her own pocket. So Megan sat down on the potty just like a little kid toilet training and spread her legs far enough to regain balance (and to give Joey a nice view) and she began peeing. The sounds made Julia go crazy, she had to grab between her legs jump up and down and really hold to keep in her pee. Unfortunately Mark wasn't so lucky. 

As he first heard hissing he began to lose control. A wet spot appeared on the front of his shorts as he started to cry. Julia yelled to him, while fighting her own battle. "No, not on the rug jump into the playpen quickly." Mark tried to get into the playpen as fast as possible but as he was climbing over the edge he fell head first into the playpen. As he hit he lost all control and pee. He managed to get into a sitting position and when he finished he was sitting in a puddle of his own urine. From his front down to the back of his ass was soaked. Megan stood up from the very full potty. Mark was crying he was so upset but he was also very relieved. 

Julia was having a hard time fighting it at this point she was as desperate as she'd ever been. Joey suggested that they all try to get some sleep, he was beginning to need to pee now and needed to fall asleep before it got too bad. Julia lied down on the floor curled up and fell asleep with her hand between her crotch. Mark fell asleep crying in the corner and since there was very little floor space Megan suggested she and Joey sleep in the Crib. It seemed very sturdy but Mark wasn't sure if he could fit he knew Megan could but she persuaded him to try anyway. He got in first and had to put his legs through the bars to lie down. Meanwhile Megan climbed on top of him and fell asleep. 

3 hours later Mark awoke, Megan had shifted her weight and was directly on his bladder, he had to pee, "Oh God" he thought "I'm already peeing" and he was all over himself Megan and the crib Megan woke up as soon as she felt the wetness she tried to get off him but couldn't move fast enough because of the crib's bars. When Mark had finished both he and Megan were extremely wet. Megan was yelling at him calling him a baby and a jerk which woke Julia up. 

Julia woke up and had to pee like she never had before. It was painful and it made her start crying. She slowly got up and cried franticly "P-p-p - please hhhhelp me find a place to ppppee, I'm going to pee my pants very soon." It was Mark who came up with the eventual solution. "Maybe if we tape 2 diapers together it would be big enough to put on you and you could pee into them" Julia was distressed about this but had no other choice. Megan helped to put her on the changing table and diapered her. Julia stood up and it took a few minutes for her to pee, when she started she couldn't stop and the diapers held nowhere near enough liquid and it started leaking out and running down her legs onto the carpet. Then Julia looked in the mirror and saw herself in leaky diapers and began to cry. Its at that very moment that Brittany's parents came home and used the other doorknob to gain entrance to the room. 

They saw four nineteen year olds. One girls in a short skirt with a huge puddle all over the front of her clothing. A boy in cargo pants who had obviously peed himself. Another boy who started to cry whose whole front and back were soaking wet. And their baby-sitter, crying in leaky baby diapers. All four were forced to leave immediately, forcing Julia to walk to Megan's car in only her shirt and baby diapers. 

Brittany woke up found the tape and watched it when her parents were out the next day. When she saw Julia pee in diapers she felt a good feeling of revenge rush through her. She then happened to make sure that the tape found its way to Julia's younger brother. Who watched it, loved it and showed it to his parents. Julia was forced to pay for the carpet, she didn't get paid at all for baby-sitting, and learned a lesson in humility she would never forget.

