Holly sat on the low wall and tried to breathe slowly to calm down as she reviewed her situation. Three hours ago she'd been shopping in town, in her short, tight red top that she still wore, and her cut off denim shorts, which had been stolen whilst she was being accused of shoplifting in a store, along with her handbag. Now she was just wearing a tight yellow bikini bottom to cover her most private parts. The large coke that she'd drank over two hours ago was now stretching her bladder, and she was trying to walk home, not having money for a bus and not being allowed into a store to use the facilities in her bare feet and legs. It wasn't a bad outfit to walk round in during the summer – she liked to tease the boys – but the day was cooling off now and she felt more and more out of place in it. Worst, it afforded her no modesty when she had to squeeze her crotch. Also, it was starting to get damp from the few drops she had leaked, and from her increasingly sweaty bottom cheeks as she squeezed her muscles constantly. Away from the town, perhaps she could make it home, or find somewhere quiet enough to just go pee round a corner. What a relief if she could find somewhere!
She looked around. Her bladder felt like it was visibly bulging now, but sitting with her legs tightly together and pushing the pressure away from her pussy, seemed to have rested her, and she felt a little less desperate. Her eyes met those of an old man standing with his wife at the bus stop. He was studying her disapprovingly until his wife jerked his arm and they both looked pointedly away. Holly blushed and looked away also, to see the boy who had been following her earlier. He was strolling up to her, feigning a lack of purpose. She frowned at him as he slowly sat on the wall next to her. She liked boys chasing her normally; she was 18 and having the time of her life. Right now, however, she could do without the attention.
"Hi" said the boy quietly. "I'm Jake". He held out his hand but Holly ignored it and kept hers in her lap, and looked away. The old couple were glancing over and muttering to each other. Holly was wondering what to say to the boy to make him go away, when he leaned close and whispered to her. "You want to pee, don't you?" he whispered in her ear. Holly's head sank a little and she closed her eyes. "You want to pee so bad you're gonna wet yourself if you're not careful. I know– I've been watching you. Your cute little bum really shows through that yellow bikini, by the way". He leaned back and waited for her response.
She looked daggers at him and spat back "Go away. Leave me alone!"
He grinned "You know, I could tickle you and make you wet yourself right here, in front of these oldies. Imagine that."
"What do you want?" she demanded in a harsh whisper.
"I just want to be friendly. I want us to stand here and kiss for a minute. Then you can walk up the road. It's either that, or I grab you and start tickling you and you'd have to run up the road, peeing yourself all the way, with these people watching. You choose."
Holly looked at him with murderous eyes, and considered. He wasn't bad looking, but blackmailing her like this was evil. And she couldn't face wetting herself in front of these people – and him. Just, normally, she chose which boys she would kiss. And when.
He stood up and tugged on her elbow, pulling her hand away from her crotch. He was forcing the issue. She looked up at him with big eyes, and then noticed his loose denims had a tent building in them. She felt a sympathetic twinge from her pussy. Well at least he was doing this because he fancied her. Maybe he did really just want a kiss. She stood up slowly. Her bladder was a dull ache, but wasn't pressing her otherwise right now. She faced him, looked up at him with a tense expression. He leaned closer to her. She stared at his eyes, and then glanced at his lips. Then she closed her eyes and parted her lips. He moved smoothly in, slipped an arm around her slim waist, and met her mouth with his. Holly was just starting to enjoy the kiss when his other hand found her tight bum cheeks, and he grabbed her bum and pulled her closer. She gasped, opening her mouth more, and he used his tongue and kissed her more deeply. She felt herself pressed against him, felt his hard–on against her tummy, felt her bladder protest at the increased pressure. She felt his fingers slide under the yellow material of her bikini bottom and move over the slick surface between her sweating bum cheeks.
"mmmMMMFF!!" she mmffed, and pulled away from him. He grinned and she could see his erection had gotten larger. "You never said..." she started.
"You enjoyed that" he retorted. "Now, don't make a scene, that's what you wanted to avoid, remember?"
She glared at him, then turned on her heel and started determinedly up the road. She turned after a few seconds to tell him that he'd better not follow her anymore, but he was already gone.
Holly hugged herself as she walked slowly up the long industrial road. It was cooling off still, but now that she was walking, she had something to concentrate on. Her bladder was starting to realise it had been conned by sitting and holding, and she had to work harder not to pee as the minutes wore on. She looked around her for a way out of her predicament. The road was lined with the pathway she was on, but there were walls both sides that she couldn't climb, and no side roads apparent. So she just trudged on. After a while a little squirt escaped and dampened her yellow bottom a bit more, so she started holding her pussy with her hand again. She was just wondering if she could stop and do it in the road, when there was a noise and a van drove past, rumbling and trailing clouds of diesel fumes that hung in the still summer air. Then, coming toward her, was a man walking a large black dog. She had visions of the dog smelling her tiny leaks of pee and lunging at her, and her pressed against the wall with the dog straining at the leash, with his cold wet nose buried in her pussy. Not ideal. She hugged herself tighter and stayed as far away as possible when the dog passed.
Then she noticed, just before the van went out of sight, it took a hard left. A side road! There must be a chance there, somewhere she could hide and not be seen. She strode purposefully for the as–yet unseen smaller road.
Holly walked determinedly up the road towards the side road, taking little steps to keep her legs tightly together as much as possible. Her bladder ached a lot now, especially since the boy, Jake, grabbed her ass and pressed her against his bulging hard–on. It took all her self–control to push him away and walk calmly up the road, but now she was using up her reserves of willpower and her bladder was weakening. She also felt a thrill in her pussy and nipples from the contact, from knowing this boy obviously fancied her a lot. She wanted to touch them but, being in public, she couldn't. It was frustrating. She glanced back, and whilst the old couple at the bus stop were still staring disapprovingly after her, there was no sign of Jake. She would soon be alone and have privacy to – at long last – crouch and pee. At that thought she felt a spurt of pee in her bikini panties and she stopped and pressed her hands on it to stop the flow. Her panties felt wet now, and now her fingers were damp. She wiped them on the sides of her bikini bottom and was grateful that her pee was usually clear and not smelly. She walked on, concentrating on keeping her pee–hole clenched, though her bladder was starting to hurt now. She imagined herself in a nice deep hot bath after she got home, where she could play with her pussy and, if she felt the need to pee whilst she was doing so, she could just let it go in the bath and nobody would know. That gave her a warm fuzzy feeling which helped some.
Finally she got to the side road. It was a much smaller road, and nobody was in sight. A line of rented lockup garages lined the main road, and a narrow alleyway ran behind them and the tall dark building opposite. She slipped inside the alleyway and saw an alcove in the wall, with a door recessed in it and a metal frame or railing all around. Some sort of loading bay maybe, but more than that, privacy! She stepped into the alcove...and...
Instantly, Holly felt arms grabbing her elbows. Frozen with shock, she was too slow to react as, in total silence, she was pulled into the alcove. She was turned around so the door was at her back, and her hands were pulled away from her crotch and lifted over her head. She opened her mouth to yell but another pair of hands was already covering it with duct tape, silencing her. Her hands were lifted more, lifting her feet from the floor. She waved her feet and found a box to stand on to take the weight off her arms. Then she heard a ripping sound, and her wrists were secured to the metal framework using lengths of duct tape. The hands released her arms, but she was unable to move them. Her knees trembled and she squirmed as her bladder gave a big contraction from the struggling.
Their hurried efforts complete, Jake and his three gang members stepped around from behind Holly and stood there to survey their handiwork, all grinning in a way that she didn't find reassuring at all...
End of Part Two.
By: Gabe