Nathalie (3)
A third true story taken from tape recordings with my girlfriend Nathalie:
By the time I was 20 I was working as an estate agent with my Dad, that meant that he was doing most of the paperwork to start with while I showed people around houses. On my third day at work I had been out all morning with a family of four and we had visited half a dozen houses by 1.30pm, which was well into my lunchtime. They were staying in a hotel in the town and I dropped them off there before driving back to the office on the other side of town. I remember the trip well as by then I was really looking forward to having a pee. I hadn't been since before breakfast and had been given coffee by four of the vendors as we looked around so my poor little bladder was now quite full. As I have said before, I've always been very shy of asking for the loo, especially with strangers so I knew that from now on I would have to be carefull not to drink too much when out with clients.
My afternoon apointment was scheduled for 2pm so I reckoned to be able to have a pee and a bite to eat before that, but had forgotten to take into account the heavy lunchtime traffic. I reached the office at five to and hurriedly parked the car, not even bothering to lock it in my haste. As I reached the door and was fumbling with the keys to open up – Dad wouldn't be back for at least another 30 mins – I was hopping from foot to foot in anticipation of having a wee. A voice behind me made me jump and I turned to see a man of about 50 and a boy of about 14 or 15 who turned out to be his son. This was my client, without his wife who was apparently not feeling well, and I groaned inwardly as I let them in, hoping to find an excuse to somehow use the loo soon. They sat across the desk from me as we talked and I showed some photos, although I wasn't really able to concentrate as well as I should, as my bladder started to give more urgent signals of distress. At least I could put one hand to good use under the desk without anyone seeing so I didn't have to wriggle too much.
The problem with my office is that the only toilet is through a door directly out of the office and with the thinness of the walls the sound of someone weeing is clearly audible to anyone on the other side. No way could I bring myself to go while these two were sitting there listening. Instead, I tried to arrange for any viewing to be done the next day so I could get rid of them as soon as possible but this was not acceptable to them and it was a case of now or never.
Luckily there were only two properties suitable and I hoped to race them through in under an hour – I wasn't sure if I could hang on that long but there wasn't much choice. As we left the office I had the bright idea of nipping back in, leaving them outside, on the excuse that I needed to make a quick phone call to check if the vendors were in. Really, I was hoping to have a pee of course and a wave of pressure hit me as I thought of it. As I got to the loo door though, I turned to see 'junior' looking in through the window and I had to reach for the phone instead and pretend to use it. I sat down at the desk and squirmed about on the chair, my spare hand pressed hard between my legs. He stayed put, and then I realised that from where he was he had a clear view under my desk and could see what I was doing. I felt my face go beetroot red and I suddenly felt very hot in my embarrassment. I quickly moved my hand and that, combined with the shock of being caught like that, even if only by a schoolboy, made me momentarily lose control of my straining bladder and a spurt of hot pee escaped into my pale blue cotton panties. Putting the phone down, I managed a smile at my observer at the window and, praying that the back of my short pleated skirt, being black, didn't show any signs of wetness I went back outside. I was more or less under control again by then and it helped to be moving.
Once at the wheel of my little Peugeot I regretted not having accepted to offer of going in the client's car and was finding it rather difficult to drive smoothly and keep up a conversation with sales–talk at the same time.15 mins later we arrived at the first house and only after knocking on the door did I realise that no–one was in. 'I thought you checked' said the man. 'I tried but there was no answer' I replied weakly, glad that all the same I had brought the key. The cold air made me want to pee even more by now and I had to admit to myself that I couldn't possibly last much longer – I was really full to bursting and discomfort had become pain, I couldn't even walk normally as I quickly showed them around. Opening the bathroom door was the last straw! There was a loo, right in front of me, and as is often the case, the sight of it caused yet another wave of desperation to hit me. Unable to use my hands with my two clients watching – and one of them, very much aware of my predicament, was watching every move – I had to do a little dance and to bend at the waist until the feeling eased a little. However, I was losing the battle and another little spurt of pee had escaped and was now tricling down the inside of one thigh. I gritted my teeth and suggested we looked at the garden, knowing what I had to do next to aviod a really serious accident. When we reached the lawn I was on the point of losing control completely and despite the cold I was perspiring with the effort needed to contain myself.I stopped and let them get a little ahead, then, as my bladder began to give way and I began to dribble into my knickers, I squatted down and pretended to re–tie the laces on one of my ankle boots. I let go completely, there was no choice anyway, and felt a fantastic feeling of relief as the hot pee gushed out through my panties, luckily not making too much noise on the grass. I must have closed my eyes and when I looked up, junior was watching me again – he might not have actually seen the floodgates open but I was sure he knew exactly what I had done. Thank goodness for a short skirt, it hadn't got wet and I was able to hike it up as I sat in the driver's seat too keep it dry without showing too much leg or the wet crotch of my knickers, although my client, in the passenger seat did cast a few glances in that direction.
And he did finally buy the house, despite my lack of attention to him that afternoon!Nick