The Undress Event (part 2)

by Francine

Grace was directed to the other toilet. She started to go in, then hesitated. She turned to Carlos, shaking her head, and moved to withdraw.

Carlos was perplexed. Evelyn looked at her. "Don't you need to go?" she asked. "I thought we were all pretty desperate!" With that Evelyn started to go into the toilet, but Grace called her.

"It's like the underclothes thing. The men don't get a toilet in a bathroom - they get taken to a dirty ditch, and have to stand there in the sight of everyone, while they pee. Even then, a woman takes them in the most humiliating manner and has to take off those rubber bands and then hold them by their private parts. We get taken to an inside toilet and privacy! Even if my bladder aches, I'm not doing it!"

"She's right!" Barbara proclaimed. "You saw how they reacted when we took off our bras and pants to be like them! I'm not going here, either. Even if I have to squat and pee in the street!"

Myra then joined in. "Which you may well have to do. Look, men are more used to doing it in public than women! It's not that bad for them!" 

"Then it won't be bad for us either!" Barbara retorted sharply.

At this point Nora came out of the toilet. "Oh what glorious relief! Whose turn--" she stopped short, seeing no one else had made a move to use the other toilet.

"We're not using it" Myra said with emphasis, rethinking her position. "We can do it like the men have to. If they can do it, we can do it!" 

Thus one woman, smiling and with an empty bladder joined her four unrelieved sisters in turning back and marching out of the building, as Carlos and his associated watched in amazement.

The men captives standing by assumed the women had all used the toilet. One asked Barbara, "Feel better now? It must have been a lot better than that ditch up there!"

Barbara answered him without even looking in his direction. "Four of us, including me, decided we would wait for the ditch!" His jaw dropped in a moment of stunned silence as he contemplated her statement.

Grace, despite her resolve, was running out of endurance. "That ditch is looking better and better - but if I don't get to it soon, I'm going to leak!"

"Don't you dare!" Barbara warned her. "Not after we decided to use the ditch!"

The women, except for Nora, fell into the line of men waiting to be taken for relief. A man in the forward part of the line saw Grace moving into the line, and courteously allowed her to step in front of him. "Thanks - I don't know your name-"

"Mark," he replied. "I didn't think they'd make women get in this kind of line. It must be rough for you. But, I want you to know we all appreciated what you did when you took off your clothes back there!"

A few minutes later, Grace stood at the head of the line, Mark behind her. One of the female escorts came back, leading one of the men back by holding his penis. When he saw Grace, he averted his eyes, mortified at the thought of one of the women in his group seeing him being led that way.

The woman escort looked at Grace. She seemed uncertain what to do with a female captive. She hadn't expected women in this line. She consulted with a colleague, then motioned to both Grace and Mark. She stood aside, indicating that Grace should lead Mark down to the ditch. She spoke little English, but Grace got the words, "Him first - then you!"

Looking at Mark, she muttered a soft "I'm sorry, Mark!" as she gently grasped his tightly bound penis. He quickly answered, "It's OK. I would rather it was you than her, anyway! Let's go!"

She led Mark down to the edge of the ditch. Then she turned to him to remove the rubber bands, now tightly stretched around his partially erect organ. Struggling a bit, she muttered an embarrassed, "I'm trying not to hurt you - they are really tight, aren't they?"

Standing still, his hands bound behind him, Mark could only nod and await the completion of her task and the blessed relief it portended. Shortly she had the bands off, and she aimed his organ at the ditch. "All right - now you can let go!" she told him.

It took a moment for his stream to start, but when it did, Grace was overtaken by two powerful feelings - her obvious arousal at seeing his stream while she was holding him; and a surge in her own bladder, demanding immediately the kind of relief Mark was achieving,

Straining to repress her own urge, she held on as he continued to produce an increasingly powerful stream that shot splashing into the pool at the bottom of the ditch. Quickly it was joined by a second stream from the next man who had now been brought up.

Finally, he finished. Grace realized it was her turn. She released her grip on his penis, and he turned his back to her to return. On a whim, she pulled him around to stand beside her and grasped his hand tightly, as she spread her own legs. At first she had been tempted to squat, but then she was seized with an urge to accomplish the function as the men had to -standing. Her legs spread, and with male onlookers gawking, she squeezed Mark's hand even as she released her own stream.

To be sure, she could not achieve the distance the men had, but her water shot out to the bank of the ditch, from where it ran down inside. She stood rigid, her grip on Mark's hand tight, her body erect, her eyes looking straight ahead. She felt the stream pouring out of her, but did not lower her eyes to follow it. She noted, however, that Mark did.

When her bladder was empty, she released Mark's hand, turned around, and grasping his penis as the others had done, she led him back to the group.

Her return was greeted by smiling approval from the others. A few places behind her, Myra had her place, and already she had turned to the man behind her, indicating that he would be her partner when called. As she moved to front of the line, she received the same signals as Grace had, earlier. Taking the man by the penis, she led him down to the ditch, where she repeated the procedure Grace had followed. When her own turn came, she reached over and took her partner's penis in her hand, as she leaned back slightly, projecting a strong stream into the ditch.

Then she led him back to the group. As she walked, she said softly to him, "I didn't think I could do that! Never did I do anything like that before!"

A bit farther, Barbara prepared for her turn. Jim was behind her, and she anticipated what she had observed with the other women. However, they evidently decided to change the ritual. As Barbara came to the front of the line, the woman who had led the last man back turned Jim around and untied his hands, then used the cord to tie Barbara's hands behind her. She noticed Miguel standing and watching, apparently the one who had switched the signals. He smilingly told her, "You're the woman who started this business of being like the men - we're going to let you be just like a man this time. He can lead you!"

Wondering just how he would do it, with her hands now bound, Barbara watched the woman guard take Jim's right hand and place it on her left breast, indicating he should grasp it. His fingers tightened around her nipple. "Barbara," he told her, "this doesn't mean anything - they're making me do it!" Perhaps it was unintentional, but Barbara noted that he tugged the nipple a bit toward him, and her breast, more flexible than those of the younger women, now extended considerably to her left side, giving her a very asymmetrical appearance as they walked side by side.

"I know - go ahead. We both need the relief - let get it over!"

This time Barbara was to go first. She hadn't planned to stay standing, but it was indicated that she must, presumably to be "like the men." With Jim holding her by the nipple, she spread her legs and released her stream. While it poured from her. she observed to Jim, "Boy, does this ever feel good! I've been needing it for hours- look at all the people watching us! You don't have to wait for me - why don't you just go ahead?"

Taking her cue, Jim released his grip on her nipple and used his now freed hands to remove the rubber bands from his penis, then released his stream which then joined hers pouring into the ditch.

When they had finished, they returned to the group, Jim again leading her by the nipple. As they passed the woman guard, she removed the bonds from Barbara's hands and retied Jim's.

Jim seemed to feel he owed Barbara another apology. "I didn't want to hold you that way - I hope it didn't hurt you!" 

"Let's just say you found how far I can stretch. No, it didn't hurt that badly." She smiled at him.

When all of them had been relieved, they were marched a bit further, then herded into small park where there were a few tables and some benches. They could see that there was some kind of food on the tables. Miguel, as their host, welcomed them into the park.

"My friends! Our guests! You must be tired. Perhaps you are hungry! Did you not think we would feed you? Please know that our hospitality is not lacking! Enjoy yourselves - there is plenty to eat and drink. Relax a bit - for you will need to be ready for the festivities of the evening!" immediately guards began to unbind the hands of the male captives.

"The food looks good," a man remarked, "but the 'festivities of the evening' sounds ominous - I'm not sure I look forward to that!"

Grace, overhearing him, added "Looks like we're going to be part of the festivities whether we like it or not!"

They did get a break, though they were still all naked, exposed to the view of each other and the townspeople and guards who surrounded the park area with watchful eyes. The tables were supplied with food, though hardly the luxury type. There were large pots filled with rice and beans, a large basket full of fruit, a pile of bread, and containers of water and some kind of juice. A assortment of well used plates, cups, and eating utensils were stacked on a table.

For those needing other forms of relief, they noted that the park was equipped with a small building containing toilets. However, the doors to the toilets, one designated for men and one for women, were wired open, so that anyone using the toilets would do so in full view of the numerous onlookers.

They were tired and hungry, and most partook of the food and drink, though quite uneasy about what was to follow.

Someone noted, "This must be what you call a naked lunch!" Several of them laughed. They were getting a bit used to their nudity, at least among themselves. 

A male captive came up to Nora, noting "You women didn't have to take off the clothes they let you have - you could be standing here now, with at least a little covering. Why did you decide to do it?" Her answer was her own question. "Would you rather we were here, with clothes, while all you guys had to run around bare naked?"

He replied with one word, "No."

They were given almost two hours of relative peace, before the next activity began. Now the sunlight was fading, and the captives were wondering what would be done with them during the night. 

The rest period over, their guards began a new activity. Captives were selected, two or three at a time, taken to the edge of the park, and their hands were again bound with cord, but this time in front of them. They were then taken away. There would be a lapse of ten minutes or so between groups being removed.

The first four groups were all men. Not until the fifth group did the guards select a woman, and they chose Nora. With two men, she was taken to have her hands tied.

"What are they doing with them?" Grace wondered, looking at Barbara.

"I fear we are all going to find out shortly! I hope Nora's OK - and I hope the men are, too!"

Nora was led by a guard, holding her arm, down the street. She was taken to what appeared to be a market square, a moderate sized open space surrounded by buildings, shops and small businesses. Most the buildings had large overhangs extending the roofs to cover the sidewalk area, the edge of the overhang being supported by posts at intervals. The buildings without overhangs in front were now fronted with wooden frames, set on posts, with a horizontal beam being held some seven feet off the ground. She and her two male companions were led to a place under one of the overhanging roofs, where they were made to stand facing the open square, their backs to the sidewalk and storefronts. Here their bound arms were raised over their heads and attached by ropes to the roof above. They could twist and turn, but could not bend over or move far from their positions. They were left in this posture, Nora in the center between her two male companions.

As Nora looked about, she saw others of the captives tied up in similar fashion. As each group was brought out, new locations were set up for them. Meanwhile, in the center of the square, a small band was setting up, tables with food and drink were being arranged, and a variety of other supplies were being placed on tables.

Finally, all the captives were tied in positions, and the festivities seemed ready to begin. People began milling all over the area. Food and drink were being served, the band was playing, and for the local people it seemed like a great party was in the offing.

People were free to come up to the captives and touch them, and they did. Favorite items of attention were their private parts, the men's penises often being tugged or touched by both men and women. Nora was soon aware of a boy tweaking her breasts. The touching, though humiliating and annoying, was being kept gentle, and there was no attempt to do injury to any of them. Apparently the people had been advised to keep their play within limits.

A man began haranguing the crowd with a bull horn. First there was a long address, then the music resumed and the people occupied themselves with the food on the tables, and what appeared to be an abundance of drinks, of assorted kinds.

Nora's left hand companion attempted to interpret the proceedings to Nora. "It's all about the Terranovas, and how they want to show that they disapprove and that no foreigner should dare to come into this place to create a disruption of their town. He said something about signs the foreigners will bear - I didn't quite get that. The people were told they could play with us all they want, but to be careful they don't harm us - he doesn't want anyone to come here and say they had caused injuries. Ouch!!" He ended his explanation as a girl grasped his penis, tugged it, and started flipping it up and down. He squirmed, trying to free himself from her grasp, but she held on, looking into his face and laughing. Then she let go and wandered off.

The groping and handling went on, and they were powerless to stop it. Then, a new activity began. Several people came up to Nora and her companions, carrying small paint brushes and some kind of paint. The man on her right let out an exclamation as he felt something drawn down his back. He tried to twist away, but several people restrained him. Then he realized something was being painted on his back.

A few minutes later, Nora felt herself seized by several people and held still while a paintbrush was used to apply some kind of lettering to her front - beginning just below her shoulders and then down over her breasts and her stomach, even to her pelvic area.

For quite a while the process went on, as each captive was turned into a signboard - words being applied to various body parts, most often on their backs, but on other areas too. It was like they were to become walking graffiti. They soon realized the words were expressions of protest - complaints about the Terranovas, the government, and warnings to foreigners to stay out.

While the painting was going on, people continued their periodic touching and groping of the hostages. Someone apparently thought up a gesture of hospitality, and decided to offer one of the captives a drink. It appeared to be weak tea, or something like that, but it was held to his mouth in a large cup, and then poured into his mouth.

As the sign painting came to an apparent end and the party became more raucous, the idea of giving drinks to the captives turned into a major event. It became almost a contest to see who could get one of the captives to drink the most beverage. People would stand around one of the naked captives and offer him drinks, pouring it in his mouth if he would cooperate. At first, there was some appreciation for them, because the drinks offered were not offensive, and the captives were getting tired and many were thirsty.

Now it became almost a feeding frenzy. The captives could hardly speak to each other, as people continually tried to get them to take more liquid. Some coughed and choked, but this only temporarily held off the offerings by the captor townspeople. If the captives would not open their mouths to receive the drinks offered, their noses would be held until they opened the mouth to breathe, at which point a drink would be poured in.

They could hear the bull horn, instructing the people and admonishing them to go easy, not to injure their captives, but just to be sure each received plenty.

At this point the captives were a mess. They hadn't been allowed to wash all day, and had been marched through dirty streets, barefoot. Words and messages of protest had been painted on the backs, as well as on many other parts. The drinks they were being force fed spilled all over their faces and ran down their bodies. People had groped them all over, especially their private parts, and some had paint or ink colors applied in spots. Two men were sporting red penises, a result of the application of extra paint. Grace found she had one green breast and one red. 

Barbara also had been tied between two men. Looking about as best she was able, she could see that the women had been separated, and no two women were together. She herself had been the victim of continual breast groping, as men tried to make her breasts shake and stretch. Her back and stomach now bore painted signs, but no one had put a sign on her elsewhere. She had been given more drinks than she could count, mostly tea or water, as she judged by the taste; and her stomach was beginning to feel bloated with its load of liquid.

After an hour or so, there was apparently an order given to stop force feeding the captives, and the infusion of liquid to them came to an end. 

Nora looked to the only clock she could see. It indicated a few minutes after ten. It was quite dark but the square itself was brilliantly lit. All of the captives were clearly visible in the lights which had been set up for the festival. Her right hand companion, whom she now knew as Bill, was expressing some relief at reduced level of activity. "Looks like they might be winding it down. I don't know what they'll do to us yet, but my belly is loaded. I'm not going to want a drink for a week!" 

The man on her left echoed the feeling. "I've had more than I can hold And I don't mind telling you, I've got to pee, and in the worst way! I'd like to get back to that ditch. How are you doing, Nora?"

Nora was trying to get her breath. She had belched several times, trying to relieve her stomach of air she had gulped along with her liquid intake. She knew it seemed unladylike and not very polite, but she felt terribly bloated and needed any kind of relief she could get.

"I'm just full - water, tea, whatever they poured in me. I'm getting cramps in my arms from standing like this, and my legs hurt. And, oh, do I ever need to pee! What torture are they going to give us next?"

Bill decided he was at his limit. "I don't know about you guys, but I've held all the water I can- here goes!" With that, he relaxed his sphincters and began to urinate into the street. A forceful stream was coming out of him. A young girl came up immediately, and started manipulating his penis to move the stream around.

Others were having to relieve themselves, too, in much the same way. There was a bit of a new game brewing, as several of the younger onlookers watched for a captive to urinate, then rush to grasp his penis and play games with aiming his urination.

Barbara watched this for a bit, then twisted her body toward her nearest companion. "I"ve got to relieve myself, too - I wonder what they'll do with me!" She turned to the street and released her urine stream, which sprayed in front of her and ran down her legs, soaking her feet. Several men and boys came up to her, watching, pointing, laughing, and showing amused expressions.

They left the captives standing in position until about eleven o'clock, when their guards began taking them down, but not releasing their bound hands. However, with their hands in front of them now, they could protect their privates a bit from the continual gropings as they were taken away, they knew not to where.

It developed their place for the night was to be a room in a small building. The room was about twenty-five feet square, lit with two glaring light bulbs hanging overhead, with high windows and only one door. It had a cement floor. The captives were led in. When all were inside, the door was closed, and, it seemed, locked.

It appeared they were alone, and perhaps this was their hotel for the night. No beds, no blankets, no padding on the floor, and hardly roomy for thirty seven people. The floor was reasonably clean, but hard, and there was no furniture except for one wooden table. Looking under it, they found a single drain hole, perhaps four inches across, covered with an iron grill.

After most of an hour, Miguel opened the door and came in. "Friends, we offer you this for your room for the night. It is not spacious, but we are a poor community. We will see you in the morning, about six. Your bus and driver have been sent back to the city, with your clothes. All of us thank you for your excellent and generous participation in our little festival. We hope you enjoy the little markings you have acquired, and we hope you will show them off to our government officials and your friends when you return. For tonight, if anyone needs to use the toilet, our guards will open the door every two hours and will take up to four people if they need to go in the night. Tomorrow, we will have a farewell party for you! Good night!"

The door closed and they were left with their thoughts. It was now about midnight. Most of them were sitting or lying on the bare floor, using each other's bodies as cushions or sitting with the walls as backrests. A few were sleeping. All were exhausted. All were dirty, messy, covered with painted messages, and with the huge liquid intake they had been given, most were needing to urinate in varying degrees of intensity.

The men were complaining of their discomforts. It was cool, but not terribly cold, and their collective body heat was keeping the room temperature at a tolerable level. They complained of the hard floors, their own untidiness, and of tomorrow's uncertainty. But, after another hour, most of the complaints were of one overwhelming need - most of them needed to pee, and badly.

At least twelve men had placed themselves near the door, awaiting its promised opening in another hour. One loudly observed, "He said they would only take four of us at a time! That's an hour for four people - and at least three hours for the rest!" 

"I'm not going to be able to wait that long!" one man protested. Someone sitting on the floor said, "Look, why don't we use that drain? At least it'll be better than swimming in the mess we're going to have when some of us start doing it on the floor!"

Several of them moved the table, leaving the small drain in an open area. Immediately one man knelt down beside it and, aiming his penis into it, started urinating. Several others took places behind him, forming a queue. The process was slow, even though two men could use it at a time if they took care.

"Be sure your aim is good - we don't want this place awash in pee!" one of the men loudly instructed.

Nora was leaning on Grace, trying to get a bit of rest. It was difficult. Although she was exhausted, the light was in her eyes, the floor was hard, there was noise around, and her bladder was demanding relief. She looked toward the door, where eight men now stood, waiting for its promised opening, now about fifteen minutes away. "Think we should get in line for the door? Maybe some of the men would let us in the line?" 

Grace looked at the line. As she did, she noticed men breaking up the queue for the drain hole, thinking it not a good idea for the guard who would open the door to realize how they were using it. Fearful that the door line might get longer, she got up and moved toward it. Grace followed her. As Nora had hoped, several men allowed the two women to go to the head of the line. They waited.

At about the promised time, one of their guards opened the door, holding up four fingers to signify four people. The two women went quickly out, followed by the two men next in line. The guard closed the door, and everyone waited about twenty minutes, when the door again opened and the four were ushered back in. The door closed with a noisy slam. Almost immediately, men again began to form the queue for the drain hole.

Mark was near Evelyn, and asked her why she had not gone to the door. "They might have taken four women- you could have gone. Or don't you need to?" She looked back at him sympathetically. "Do you think I needed to go worse than those two men they took? My bladder probably isn't hurting any worse than theirs was. I'm going to try for the other line - excuse me!"

She got up and went to the end of the queue for the drain hole. Eleven men were in front of her. One turned and saw her, the first woman in that line. He quickly said something to the men ahead of him, and quickly Evelyn was ushered to the front of the line. When the two men using the drain hole had finished, they gestured for her to use it next. The man behind her turned to the others in line. "Look, fellows, let's give the lady a bit of privacy. Why don't you turn your backs?" Most did, and Evelyn smiled an appreciative glance as she positioned herself squatting over the hole. Then she began a prolonged urination, as her body rid itself of some of the huge amount of liquid she had swallowed.

Waiting for her to finish, the man next in line asked her over his shoulder if she was finished. "No - still going" she answered, "I don't mean to hog it, but I was awfully full!" Then she added, thoughtfully, "I know you are too - just a minute or so." Finally she finished, and moved away. Aware of her dampened lips and hair, she momentarily wished for something with which to dry herself, but there was nothing.

The man beside Barbara asked her, gently. "Do you think you can wait for the door? It's going to be at least an hour and half!" "No - I can't," she answered. "Might as well get in the other line now!" She moved over to the line for the drain hole. Immediately the man ahead of her offered her to go ahead of him. "I'll take my turn!" the steely faced grandmother answered quickly. 

Myra, the remaining female who had not moved to relieve herself, got up and went to the end of the line, now two places behind Barbara. Like Barbara, she declined to be moved ahead. 

Barbara reached the head of the line, watching two men use the hole together. When they had finished, she moved to position herself over it. The man behind, as had been done for Evelyn, suggested to the men they turn their backs to allow her some privacy. Barbara stopped them. "You weren't given any privacy, and we're all in the same situation. I'll do without it, too. Now two people have been using it at once - you can use it with me, if you're not afraid!" she said to the man next in line, then added with a smile, "And if your aim is good!"

She squatted over the hole, on the side away from the line, and indicated the next man could come forward. She spread her legs as wide as she could, allowing him to kneel between her splayed legs and aim for the hole. Suddenly her body began releasing a torrent into the drain. Her male hole mate tried to release his stream, but found he was developing an erection as he watched her. Finally he got his own stream going. Barbara finally finished, and got up, motioning the next man to move in.

Myra, the youngest and arguably the prettiest of the women, finally got her turn, Following part of Barbara's example, she declined the offer for the men to turn their backs, but also declined to share the hole. Relieved at last, she moved away from it.

It was a long night. The room was crowded and uncomfortable. While there remained a queue for the drain hole, much of the urgency had been relieved. Some managed to sleep, others just dozed a few moments at a time.

Grace awakened to see sunlight coming in the windows. She had managed at least to nap, and now she felt cramped from her position sitting on the floor and with her back against the wall. She looked down at herself, the sunlight illuminating her body clearly and showing off the bizarre appearance of her painted breasts - one red and one green. She was almost laughing at her ridiculous appearance. She tried to scrape the paint with her fingernails, but now it had dried hard and little came off.

Shortly, the door opened, and their quasi-gracious host, Miguel stepped into the room.

"Good morning, my friends!" he began in what they began to believe was total sarcasm. "We have a breakfast for you, and then your farewell party! You must all come outside, now!" 

They began to file out the door. They were made to line up, single file, with their guards watching on each side, and marched back to the square where they had been given their meal the previous afternoon. Once there, they found the same tables, now set with a supply of bread, a bit of fruit, and a generous supply of water, fruit juice, and weak coffee.

"You are welcome! Enjoy yourselves!" Miguel instructed them. They began to take of the food and drinks.

As there had been no offer of a toilet break after they were awakened, several moved to use the toilets in the small park. Of course, the doors were still wired open, so those who used the facilities did so in full view of not only other captives but the numerous onlookers who were gathering. Nonetheless, lines began to form in front of each of the two toilets.

They were given about an hour to eat and fortify themselves for the day. They looked at themselves. They were a sorry looking lot. All were naked, and no one had bathed for a day. They had no combs, no razors, no deodorants. The men were unshaven, and all had uncombed hair. They were dirty, and a certain amount of body odor was becoming evident. They were all painted with slogans and messages, and some of their body parts were smeared with paint. The paint was now dry and virtually unremovable by any means available to them. 

Miguel now announced that they would have to go for photographs, to "record a memory of this time you have been with us!" as he put it.

One at a time they were taken outside the park, to a place where each was made to stand against a wall while two photographs were taken; one full frontal, one back view. 

"Looks like they're going to use us for cover girls and boys," Barbara noted in disgust. 

"I guess they don't care how we look - we're all such a mess!" Grace noted.

Once the pictures were taken, they were formed up into a double line and again their guards went down the ranks, binding each captive's hands behind his or her back. This time there were no exceptions for the women. Then they were marched back down the streets, two abreast.

Periodically, there were made to stop and face outward. This gave them a short rest period, but while they were standing stationary, once more local citizens were allowed to come up to them and amuse themselves with the genitals and breasts of the captives. Many took advantage of this opportunity.

The process went on for the rest of the morning. As noon approached, Miguel again addressed them. "Perhaps you are now a bit weary. We have enjoyed having you with us, but the party is nearly over and it is almost time to say good-by. We cannot offer you lunch, but we will provide you some drinks." They saw a bench at the side of the road, on which containers of water and weak tea were placed, with a small number of cups. The guards untied their bound hands, but kept watch around them.

"I've had enough of that tea to last a lifetime!" Mark almost snarled as he looked at what was offered. Still, there was a limited alternative. They began to drink of what was available, sharing cups as there were many fewer cups than captives.

"For those who need relief, this way - and two at a time, please!" Miguel pointed the way back to that ditch they had used in pairs the previous day. There was, as usual, a catch. Anyone wanting to go and relieve himself must first have drunk of the fluids offered, and then again had his hands bound behind him. Two at a time, they went down to the ditch to urinate, crowds watching them.

Grace was among the first of the women to be escorted to the ditch, along with one of the men. As she stood on its edge, she started to squat, and was immediately pulled back up. "Stand!" she was told, firmly. She stood and released her water in that posture.

When those who sought relief came back, their hands were not unbound. Instead, those who had not gone to ditch were tied in like manner, and the whole group were taken down a side road for a bit, where they saw two ancient, rather decrepit trucks, their beds open but with low sides. Several boxes had been stacked to make a type of steps to allow them to board. They were directed to load up, still with hands bound behind them. Then they were made to sit on the truck beds.

After all had been loaded, the trucks were started. 

"Now where are we going?" was the standard question. Their seemed to be no certain answer. Several of their captors rode each truck to insure they made no attempt to leave, but their destination was not announced.

They wandered down lonely country roads through the rural region. For two hours the vehicles meandered through small roads. Eventually they were stopped at a point that seemed desolate. There was a flat grassy area to one side of the road, but no buildings or evidence of any local population.

They were ordered out of the trucks, and assembled in the flat open area. Miguel stood before them. "It is time to say good-by. We will miss you, we wish you well, but we do not wish for your return. We hope you have the same feeling. We want our towns to remain as they are, and not to be polluted by new factories and warehouses. We hope you will remember this. Now we will leave you!"

"Where are we?" One called out.

"You do not need to know," Miguel answered. "The Federal Police are being told where you are. You will be rescued. Do not try to leave here and you will be all right. Now we go. Good-by!" He waved merrily to them, and the two trucks drove off, leaving thirty seven naked people with bound hands, standing in the grass.

At first they could do nothing but mutter to each other about their plight. Then they began to try to help themselves. Mark suggested they back up to each other, everyone trying to free the bonds of his partner. They struggled with the cords for a number of minutes, but finally one man was able to get his hands free. From that point on, it was easy, as they began to untie one another.

"Free at last" Jim called out, with a big smile.

"Free in the jungle of Heaven-knows-where!" someone answered him.

They conferred, finally deciding their best course of action was to remain together for the time being, in the hopes that there really would be a rescue. So they waited. Some sat or laid on the grass. Some walked around aimlessly.

Several of the men stood at the edge of the clearing to relieve themselves.

Evelyn tapped on Grace, saying "Look - there's a bush! I can go behind it and pee in privacy!"

Grace opened her arms, and looked down at her bi-colored breasts. "At this point" she declared, "Who needs privacy!" With that she squatted where she was and started to urinate. Mark, standing close by, turned and looked directly at her, pouring a stream on the ground.

"Two days ago, I would never have let you see me like this! Now I'm past caring! Look all you want!" she told him, almost laughing. She glanced down at herself. "Look - one red and one green! Did you ever see anyone colored like that?" She seemed amused at her own absurd appearance.

Mark pointed to another man. "See Patrick? Look what they did to him!" Grace stared at the man's penis - painted red. She went over to him and inquired, rather brazenly, "Will you be able to get that off?"

"Could have been worse," Patrick replied. "I'm Irish - suppose they had done it in orange?" He laughed at his own predicament.

Gradually, the captives were developing a rapport with each other - sharing in the absurdity of their appearances. They were openly looking at each other and trying to decipher the markings each bore. Though they were all naked and of mixed genders, they were arriving at a camaderie born of the experience they had been put through. They had ceased to be embarrassed at displaying their nude bodies to each other - now nudity had become a mark of honor, a sign of the adventure they had shared. They were beginning to relax and recover. 

They waited for what must have been hours. They had no idea where they were, and not a single vehicle had passed down the road. They were getting hungry and some were thirsty again. They considered alternative strategies, but stopped as they heard the approaching sounds of a helicopter.

Then they saw it. It was a military helicopter, and it flew over them slowly, then gradually descended on the road. As it settled, two men in uniforms stepped out. They stopped and stared at the naked group.

One called out in English, "Have you no clothes?" The answer was obvious. The uniformed men informed them rescue was indeed on the way, and that a bus had been dispatched to pick them up. They would now radio precise instructions for the rescuers to follow.

Then they continued to stand and stare at the sight. Naked people, smeared with paint, covered with slogans and writings, dirty and disheveled. No one tried to hide or cover themselves from view.

It took another hour, but three police cars, followed shortly by a bus, appeared. They were quickly greeted by the police and then ushered into the bus. Unfortunately, their rescuers, knowing of their location but not their condition, had no clothes to offer them. They did have some food in the bus, which was quickly distributed and consumed.

Aboard the bus, they were taken back to the capital, three hours away. The bus stopped briefly to obtain more food for them at a village shop, but none of them left the bus, preferring to go back to the capital instead of wasting time looking for clothing.

Finally, back in the city, the bus pulled up to the hotel from which they had left early the previous day. It was now dark, and as they approached the hotel, a welcoming crowd was in evidence. As the bus stopped, some were expecting the passengers to disembark, but they remained aboard. From somewhere a supply of plastic coats had been obtained, and these were hastily passed up the steps to the bus.

Inside, the coats were quickly passed out to the passengers, who now could cover themselves. Once so attired, they began to disembark.

As Barbara stepped off the bus, Ralph, her legal advisor, was awaiting her. "Barbara!" he called out. "Are you OK? We heard all kinds of stories about you. We understand there was even a videotape of you that was delivered to the police, but they wouldn't let us see it. What happened?"

She came up to him, gripping the sides of her ill-fitting coat. "Don't you ever let them show that videotape! And don't you ever look at it, either!" she fumed at him.

"OK, Barbara. We just wanted to see that you're OK. We can talk about it later!" He held out his hand in greeting.

Barbara released the grasp on her coat, which she had not yet figured out how to fasten, to receive his hand in greeting. As she did, the coat fell open, exposing her paint smeared breasts and her body down to her pubic hair. Ralph received her hand, but stared in surprise at what he saw.

"Oh, that," Barbara noted with a bit of a smile, but not a hint of embarrassment or fractured modesty, "I'll have to remember that I'm back where we're supposed to wear clothes!"

