This is a prelude to "My Dilemma". This is the first desperation experience I had with Cindy.
Cindy and I met as freshman in collage and quickly began dating. She was an "Army Brat" and was just settling in to a new environment. Being the daughter of an Army Col. she was used to moving allot and making friends quickly. Cindy had that girl next door kind of beauty. Not a stunning model/actress kind of look, but a pretty, wholesome face with a body that would cause any man to sin. She was only 5'2" tall but was a perfect 36C–22–34, with not the slightest sag in her beautiful, pert, full breasts. One of the great things about dating Cindy was the fact that she had varied interests and was up for just about anything. One of the things that we both enjoyed doing was going to the drive–in. It was easy to find a drive–in movie theater then and it was a popular thing to do at the time. Often we would get a whole carload of people into my Mercury station wagon and go to the drive–in for $3.00 a carload. And no, this was not an old ladies' wagon. It was a Mercury short body 2–dr wagon with a Boss 302 engine and was a real screaming hotrod. We even managed to cram 19 people into it one time for a $3.00 drive in night. However none of that has anything to do with Cindy's problem. One Saturday night not long after we started dating we decided to go to the drive in. We were alone this time and the movies were not the only thing on our minds. In between features we went to the snack bar for some thing to eat and drink. When we got there we both decided to go to the bathroom first. As we walked to the bathrooms I could see there was a small line for the women's bathroom and I told Cindy I would meet her inside. After taking a quick whiz, I went into the snack bar and ordered a big bucket of popcorn and two giant cokes. As I was paying, Cindy came walking in. She gathered up a coke and I grabbed the other coke and the popcorn and we went back to the car. We watched some of the movie and began to fool around. We weren't at the having full blown sex in the car stage yet so as the advice columnist would say, we were involved in "heavy petting." Cindy seemed a little distracted when I reached into her pants and began to fondle her. As time went on, she became more distracted and finally apologized and asked if we could stop, stating that she just wasn't in the mood right then. Well we watched the rest of the movie with her cuddled up in my arm and her legs stretched across the front seat. I didn't think much of it at the time, but I remember she was crossing and recrossing her stretched out legs as we watched the movie. As the end of the movie neared she began to shift more in the seat like she was trying to get comfortable. Again, in never occurred to me she had to pee, as she didn't say anything and we both went to the bathroom between movies. With the second feature over we pulled out of the movie theater along with all the other traffic. It was about a 20 minute drive home and as we made our way to her house in noticed that she was fidgeting more and more. She also was talking less and less. Well this worried me because I had already found out that when she talked less than normal, I was usually in big trouble for something. I asked her what was wrong and she replied nothing. Not being too smart I told her it couldn't be nothing because when she wasn't talking to me she was usually mad at me and I wondered what I did wrong. Cindy didn't say anything for a couple of minutes and finally said, it's not you I'm mad at, it's me. I asked what was wrong and she blushed, looked down and said, I really have to pee. I know this was killing her to tell me because it became our little joke that upon hearing my voice it caused her to have to pee. When we first started dating it seemed like every time we would talk on the phone, after about 5 or 10 minutes she would tell me she would call me back in a couple of minutes. After this happened a couple of times I asked her what she was doing and she confided in me that she had to go to the bathroom. This almost got to be a routine with us. Talk on the phone, find out how each others day went, she would hang up, pee, and call me back and we would talk some more. I knew she drank the whole large coke I bought her, but just had to make a smart ass comment about her peeing between movies and having a peanut for a bladder. She looked up at me and said as for the bladder it was not peanut sized, and as for going to the bathroom between movies, she didn't. When I asked what she was doingin line so long then, she stated that when she got in the bathroom it was just too filthy for her to use so she decided to wait. I asked her why she didn't say anything, she told me she didn't want me to laugh at her. She also told me that her bladder was why she lost the mood while we were making out. She told me she was really horny as hell right then, but that she had to pee like a race horse. Cindy then asked how much longer till we got home. I told her about 10 minutes and she said she thought she could hold it until then. As we got into town we suddenly made an unplanned stop. What would life be, with out railroad crossings? For Cindy, life would have been a whole lot better. Sure enough, at the most inopportune time here came a train traveling about 20 miles an hour. It was obviously a long train by the fact it had 6 engines and it was traveling at such a slow speed. As grain car after grain car slowly went by, Cindy became more active. First she began to wiggle more and more in the seat letting out small moans. Soon she had one of her hands buried in her crotch with her legs wrapped around each other. A couple of minutes later she looked at me and said what am I gonna do, I'm about to pee my pants and I just can't wait any longer. Quickly I grabbed one of the drink cups we had and told her to pull her pants down. She looked at me like I was crazy but when I poured the melted ice and remnants of coke out onto the ground, the sound made Cindy frantically grab for the waist band of her jeans. Quickly she unbuttoned her jeans all the way down and slid them to her knees. I have to say right here, one of the things I find truly sexy is a woman that is confident enough about herself that she doesn't wear panties. Cindy was just such a woman. As I handed her the cup she slid her butt up to the edge of the seat and positioned the cup below and in front of her beautiful pussy. Almost instantly she began to pee a long strong steady stream. It was right there that I learned to appreciate a woman with no outer lips protruding as the pee came in a single stream with no drips or dribbles. And I and my upholstery were very happy for that. Cindy filled the cup almost to the brim and with a groan and a grimace managed to cut the stream off. Through clenched teeth she told me to hurry up and empty the cup cause she still had to pee. I quickly dumped the cup full of hot piss out onto the ground and gave her back the cup. She repositioned the cup and with a sigh let fly again. She only filled the cup half way when the flow began to diminish to a trickle and stop. Alas my poor upholstery got the last few drops. By then I did not care. I dumped the cup a second time and turned back to see a smiling, talkative Cindy again. I also learned how appreciative she could be for after a long kiss and a quick squeeze thank you, Cindy with out a word reached down, unzipped me and began to blow me while we were waiting for the train to go by. I told her to stop as the last of the train cleared the intersection and we began to move again. She took her head from my lap but continued to slowly stroke me as I drove. Never fast enough to make me cum, just enough to keep me hard. When we arrived home, instead of going into the house, Cindy still lived with her parents, she again began to blow me right in the drive way. Needless to say, that was the night we did graduate to having full blown sex in the car. I would never have believed how wonderful a little thing like needing to pee could be for a relationship. And thankfully this was not the only time Cindy had a desperate adventure while we were dating. But that is another story........
PP Watcher