Title: Wetting and Locations
	Entry to: Month 27
By: Mary

This is a true story that really happened to my boyfriend Bob and I. We were being in a parade for our local town. My name is Mary and I was 23 and my boyfriend Bob was 25 at the time that this happened. Our part in the parade was that I would sit on his shoulders and he would then sit on a float. The day was in the middle of the fall and was very cool that day. We wore a costume of a very large bear, I was the top half and he was the lower half as the suit was a one piece suit. Putting it on took the help of other people and it had a long zipper at the back and there were air holes for to breath. 

When they pulled up the zipper they had a hard time as it was very sticky. Since this bear suit was rented we did not want to wreck it. We got ready and then waited for our turn to get on the float. As these things happen the parade was behind so we had to wait a long time. After a bit we were finally ready to go so we got in our place. Then I remebered that I had not been to the bathroom for sometime and I meant to go before getting into this suit but it was ok at this point. We started to move and it was great fun waving at all the kids. 

The whole parade length was almost 1 1/2 hours long. I started to feel my bladder getting full. I told Bob and he said that he had to pee as well but did not want to say anything cause he thought I would get mad at him for not going sooner. We both were in the same perdicament but were not concerned. Once we got to the half way point I really had to pee badly now and so did Bob. I kept rubbing my tummy and the feeling would go away. When ever I have to pee the urge would hit and go away then hit then again go away, that's what was happenning.

Bob just kept having strong urges that were not going away he was worse off then me. The cold air was hitting hard to and that did not help. Then I got a very strong urge that made need to wiggle. When the urge hit I had to wiggle and squirm as much as I could. I reached down at my crotch to rub myself but my crotch was butt up against Bobs neck. I rubbed abd rubbed my crotch as I was desperate to pee. After a bit the feeling went away but soon right after it was back. We were near the end now. We both struggled to hold our pee in until after and we got back.

When we got back we thought thank goodness we are back. We yelled at our friends to get us out fast. They tugged and tugged on the zipper but it would not budge. Bob then said that he could not hold it and get us out now. He was wiggling so much we almot fell over. The dam zipper was stuck in the expensive bear suit and we both were dying to pee so badly. Then a huge massive wave hit and it was all I could do to hold my pee in. I had to rub my crotch but I felt a tiny spurt of pee escape my aching pee hole. I told Bob that he may feel dampness at his neck. I was bursting and bursting to pee now. Another strong wave came over and at the same time one came over Bob.

I wiggled as much I could do and it felt like I was going to melt. Then another spurt of pee escaped me. This time my cotton white panties were getting really wet. I just could not let this happen. My friends were getting pliers to get us out but they were taking a long time. I then had the worst wave come over me and I started to leak, it was not a spurt this time just a constant leak but slow. I managed to stop it then but now Bob felt his neck getting wet. I could hear him moan about his desperation to pee. Then I had another strong wave and a huge spurt came out. I then yelled to my friends that I was peeing my panties and to hurry up. Then as these things happen many more spurts came out and then turned into a slow stream. Due to a very strong urge the stream became a steady and strong flow. 

As I sat peeing my pants the feelin go relief came over me was great. I was done and now poor Bob. He of course knew what I had done as I had done it on top of him. He moaned and groaned and said that he was leaking and could not stop it and with him when he does go he goes big time. I told him I could hear the hiss of his piss. He said when he was done that the feeling o releif was great. He also said that he heard the his of my making and of course not only did he pee his pants but he got my pee all over himself too. After that date we never go into a tight fitting costume. Once my friends got he pliers we got out wet pants and all. We had to go home like that on the bus. This is a true story that happened to Bob and I.

Mary 

Since then I like the feeling of having to pee badly and like to talk to only other women about pee desperation prefered true stories of real situations and fakes ones too.

