The Peeing Comedienne
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

One night I went to The comedy Connection when it was amateur nite. The main reason I went was they announced something about a peeing comedienne. My curiosity got the best of me so I had to check it out. Worst case scenario (if she were ugly), I can always leave early. Once I got there, she turned out to be a beautiful young blond in her early-mid 20s. She would often drink large quantities of liquids before getting up onstage and fill her bladder, then make jokes about girls getting desperate and wetting themselves, followed by a huge flooding through her pants on the floor. I couldn't miss this.

Another one of her shenanigans was getting a lot of the women in the audience to follow suit. Many of them were quite hot so it was like heaven. There was this one lady though. A fat, middle-aged plain women who seemed quite repulsed by the act.

Okay, well, let's go to the beginning of the show. The comedienne's name was Rachel. When she went onstage, she was finishing a glass of iced water, after consuming some diet coke and juice. She gets up to make her introduction, then started with the pee jokes while waiting for her bladder to start up. The fat lady started griping like 'What the hell is this?'. When Rachel felt the urge to pee, she started to make jokes and hold her crotch. Then she asked=A0 the women in the audience to start ordering more drinks, getting a big beam from the bartender. Surprisingly,most of them flocked up there or kept the waitresses running. Eventually, they started getting the urge but had no desire to make a long line at the ladies room, to the delight of me and practically every other guy in the club. Of course, it would result in a massive mopping but a small penalty for a night of pleasure.

As Rachel kept performing, they kept giving her more glasses of liquid and her urge to pee was rapidly increasing. She then reverted to teasing the guys in the audience, like 'ooh, I'm ready to wet myself, I'm such a naughty girl.' Even the girls were turned on by this. Everyone was having a good time except for that party pooping fatty. She was scowling at her by this time and giving those around her dirty looks like, 'how can you actually like this.' 

Naturally, everyone ignored her and focused their attention back to the gorgeousRachel. as she was getting more and more desperate, and my cock was getting harder and harder, a couple of hotties in the audience lost control, so intriguing. Rachel jokingly berated them, like, 'Hey, how can you pee before me, I always have to pee first.' I personally was like 'please baby, go ahead and pee, before I burst from coming.' It wasn't very long, though. after a few minutes, Rachel shouted out 'The future,I can foresee it, I predict a flood coming, calm before the storm.'

Then suddenly, a long stream of piss gushed out through her black pants, soaking her legs and creating apuddle almost shin deep. I was totally coming and the audience went absolutely wild. Everyone stood up and cheered her on. Well, except the fat lady, she was so disgusted she got up and left with a sick expression. Rachel just smiled and said 'what a wussy, she has no class.' While I was struggling to contain myself, she continued with her encouragement to the ladies to join her in her wet escapade. 'I don't want to see 1 dry panty in the house!', she urged them. Then she warned the guys not to bring any women home with us unless she was soaked through.

The perfect ending to that evening happened when Rachel finished her set and went to sign autographs and bond with her fans. one guy asked her to show us her wet panties and I was so amazed that she even did. When it was my turn to approach her,I couldn't help but make a request to feel them. When she agreed to that, I felt like I should've pinched myself so it wasn't just a wet dream. Needless to say, it felt so nice and so sexy. she teased me with 'was it good for you as it was for me?' Oh yeah.

