St. Valentine’s Day Pee
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

It was St Valentine’s Day, and Lorna was preparing to go on a date with long time friend David, of offered her a Valentine’s card. He admired Lorna for a long time, but could not get himself to ask her out, so when he eventually asked her for a date, she agreed straight away.

Lorna had put on a shiny red dress that went down to her ankles. Underneath, she had put on a lacy bra and French knickers… she looked so good. As she was slightly nervous, she drank two glasses of wine to pluck up courage… now she felt better.

Lorna and David went to a nice restaurant in the town centre. They were shown to their table and everything for a time was fine. During the meal, they shared two bottles of wine, and were talking very happily. Lorna felt a slight twinge in her bladder, but ignored it…. she was too busy enjoying herself. David had gone to the toilet a couple of times, but she continued to sit on her seat. Her bladder was causing discomfort, so she tried crossing her legs… that helped.

But half an hour later, she felt she became more desperate. She squeezed her legs even tighter. She also felt tipsy due to the two glasses of wine she had earlier. Throughout the evening, Lorna became even more desperate…. she fidgeted a lot and swayed in her seat. David asked what was wrong….. she replied that she had an itchy bottom! Of course Lorna couldn’t tell him what was really wrong with her… that would be too obvious.

After a while, when the situation became almost unbearable, she discreetly put one hand inbetween her legs through her dress. She really needed to go and did not think she could hold on that much longer.

Later, it was time for them to go, and David went to the toilet one last time after paying the bill, but Lorna still sat on her seat. When he went, she put her other hand inbetween her legs and gave herself a good hold… she wanted to wee badly. David had called a taxi earlier and said they had to wait a while. that was bad news for Lorna, who felt she was on the verge of wetting herself at the table.

A few moments later, the taxi came to pick the pair up to take them to Lorna’s flat. When they got inside, Lorna wanted to go to the toilet, but David grabbed her by one of her arms and ushered her to the bedroom. She protested at first, but David was persistent, and soon they started kissing each other.

Lorna wanted to hold herself through her dress, but David had taken both her arms and put them behind her back. He then put his hand on her crotch instead and started rubbing it. Lorna began moaning and got herself so excited that she squirted some wee in her panties. David felt that, and asked her to wee some more. Lorna was stunned to hear a man say that to her, but she did so, squirting in little spurts and David felt the wetness seep through Lorna’s dress onto his hand.

Then they raced to the bathroom. David asked Lorna to hold her wee. She was holding herself through her dress and squirting more wee. David watched intently, seeing her extremely desperate and on the verge of wetting herself big time.

About half an hour later, David requested that Lorna start to wee in her dress. She obliged, so she parted her legs a little, grabbed her crotch through her dress with one hand, and gave a huge sigh of relief as wee soaked the dress and started to trickle down her thighs and creating a splashing puddle on the floor. David stared at the wet crotch of Lorna’s dress, glistening with wee. She seemed to go forever.

When she seat and almost barged through several people in a bid to get to the toilet. But it was too late……even before she got to the ladies, she had lost control completely. The pee gushed through her underwear before running down her legs, forming a puddle on the floor. Several other women who were waiting looked on in shock at seeing what Rosie had done.

She had blushed with embarrassment, and rushed into a vacant cubicle, locked the door, and stayed there for the rest of the night, sobbing repeatedly. What was supposed to be a great night out for her had ended in disaster.

