Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 7)

by Francine

Chapter 7. The Return

When Paula awoke, the sunlight was streaming through the hotel room window. She glanced at the clock. It was two in the afternoon. She had slept away the morning. For some reason should could not entirely understand, she felt good - yet she was aware of the strain the last night had put upon her. For a few minutes she reflected on what she had been through. Would Stan ever learn of it? She had half a notion to tell him, wondering how he might react.

She slipped out bed, responding to the needs of her full bladder. She relieved herself, then looked her body over in the mirror. The wear was showing, and, she feared, a bit of her age. There were lines in her face, and traces of old makeup. Her left wrist was red, probably from the effects of being tied up. She was aware that she had acquired a bit of body odor.

She showered, washed her face thoroughly, and prepared herself for the day. She dressed in slacks and a casual shirt, then went downstairs to the restaurant to satisfy her now growing hunger. 

She went for a walk around the area, now quiet on a Saturday afternoon. As she passed people on the street, she discreetly tried to search their faces, wondering if any had been where she had been the previous night. What would she say if someone recognized her? In time she returned to the hotel and to her room. She stood before the open window, looking out at the rooftops nearby.

Suddenly, on a whim, she stepped back from the window. She removed her shirt, her slacks, then her underwear. She slipped off her shoes. Then, without a stitch of clothing, she gingerly moved back to the open window. The afternoon sun poured in. Somehow, she felt compelled to stand in front of that open and sunlit window. She wondered if anyone was looking, if anyone would see her. For several minutes she stood there, as if in some kind of trance. Then she moved back, fell upon the bed. She gave herself up to daydreams, then to sleep. Tomorrow, she knew, would be a homecoming. Indeed, it would a homecoming such as she had not had before.

Sunday morning came, and she was up early, dressed and ready for her morning flight home. In her mind she thought ahead to her arrival. She decided that it would be, indeed, different. The details took place in her mind as she traveled to the airport and even as she began the homeward flight.

On the flight, she enjoyed a small snack served with drinks. She gulped them down, then made use of the lavatory. She decided she would not relieve herself again until she was home.

Her flight arrived. She found a telephone and called Stan. He answered, expecting her call. 

"I'm in", she announced. "Will you pick me up? Oh, and I'd like to do an errand on the way in. You're not pressed for time, are you?"

"No, nothing special. What did you want to do?"

"I'll tell you when you get here, Stan. It might be just a little surprise. You wouldn't mind, would you?"

Stan had no idea what his wife had in mind. He knew it would time some time for him to get to the airport, but she indicated she would wait and tell him her intentions when he arrived.

It was mid afternoon as he drove up to the airport. Paula was waiting for him at the curbside, suitcase and a plastic bag beside her. He greeted her warmly, offered a perfunctory kiss, and placed her suitcase in the car. As he returned from doing so, he found Paula taking the drivers' seat.

"I'll drive", Paula said, a note of mischief in her voice. "I know where I want to go. You said there was no hurry, didn't you?"

"Not for me. I thought you might want to get home and rest. You've had a long trip!"

"I'll rest later. Oh, yes, in that plastic bag I was carrying, there's bottle of soda. Would you get it please?"

He fished around in the bag, and drew a large, two liter bottle of soda.

"What's this for?" he asked.

"Picked it up at the airport shop. It's a warm day. You might like a drink!"

"Me? What's this about, Paula? Where are we going?"

"I told you I had a surprise for you. That bottle is the first. I'd like you to drink it, while we get to where we're going. I don't want you thirsty!"

Stan knew his wife was up to something. However, it was warm, and he was glad to have her home. He would go along with her little game. He opened the bottle and began to drink from it.

She drove, not towards town, but out into the country. Perhaps twenty minutes after they started, he was becoming even more curious. 

"Just where are we going?" he asked, a bit insistently.

"I'll tell you when you finish that soda!" she answered, smiling mischievously. He looked at the rather large container, shook his head a bit, and offered, "It's a big dose. You trying to get me full of soda so I can't eat tonight?"

"No. But we haven't too far to go. I want to get out by the lake. There should be a lot of people out there picnicking or hiking, on a Sunday afternoon!"

"Paula, we're not equipped for a picnic, and I never thought you were a hiker. What's in your mind?"

After a time, she pulled off onto a road that led into a forest around the lake. She knew there was an area with picnic sites and trails. They passed people making use of the sites. She didn't stop. She kept going.

After a time, Stan gave her the response she had been waiting for.

"You know, after all that soda you wanted me to drink, I'm going to need a pee stop. Can you find a place wherever we're going?"

"Oh, absolutely!" she answered, "It won't be long!"

She pulled onto a side road in an area that seemed to have no visitors. She parked the car. Turning to her husband, she asked. "Are you up to a little hike?"

"A hike? What are you doing, Paula? OK, if it's what you want, but I need a bathroom stop!"

"Let's take a walk. I have something to show you!" she told him.

Stan had never known Paula to act like this. He could not imagine what had inspired her. Yet he accompanied her as they walked into a wooded area. They went a distance into the forest, perhaps half a mile. He demanded to know what she wanted to show him.

"Do you really want to know?" Paula asked.

"Of course. How far do I have to go with you? What kind of a game are you playing?"

She stopped. She turned and faced her husband. "I think I can get ready, now!" She started to undo her blouse. 

"What are you doing?" he asked, a bit agitated.

"Getting ready", she answered sweetly. She pulled off her blouse, displaying her bare breasts. She was wearing no bra.

"You were braless?" he said in amazement.

"You couldn't tell? I just thought you might have noticed!" she answered. "I took it off at the airport, while I was waiting for you! Told you I wanted to show you something; of course, you have seen it before, I know, but - are you tired of the view?" She shook herself slightly, her bare breasts flopping around some in their freedom. "But, now, about that business of you needing to pee--"

He looked at the trees surrounding them. "I guess I could here", he noted. He started to turn away from her, his hands going to the zipper of his pants.

"Oh, no, Stan! Not yet. I need you to do something first!"

"You need - what?" he turned back to face her.

"Strip me!" she instructed.

He looked at her in amazement. "What do you want me to do?"

"Strip me!" she repeated. "Take my clothes off, shoes, pants, everything. Will you do it for me?" 

"Paula, right now I need a pee!" he answered.

"And I need a pee, too. I can't do it with clothes on. You used to undress me, Stan- would you, please, right now?" She was pleading, insistent.

He looked at her with a growing smile. "You haven't done anything like this in thirty years! What's into you?" He stared at her bare breasts, quivering before him.

In her mind she recalled Friday night. Just as well Stan wasn't acquainted with that episode. "Stan - won't you do as I asked?" she was almost pleading, mischief and a touch of mystery in her voice. 

He relented, starting to unbuckle her pants. She stood, placing her hands behind her head, offering no help. He fumbled with her clothes, finally getting her pants unfastened. Then, realizing her shoes had to come off, first, he bent down and slipped them from her feet.

Then, he worked her pants down. She stepped out of them. Standing in only white panties, he gazed at her. He had seen the sight often before, but never in this kind of setting. "Those, too?" he asked, indicating the panties.

"Can't pee with them on!" she answered. He took the garment down, slipping it over her feet. He stood and looked at her, her prominent pubic bush openly displayed, and, he thought, pushed forward just a little for his benefit.

"Now, if you want to pee, you need to be dressed like I am!" She told him. 

He was finding this quite arousing. He had not before known his wife to stand naked out in the woods. He looked at her, familiar as he was with her body, in this situation it was taking on a new erotic dimension. He loved looking at her nude, but seeing her that way outdoors was an especially arousing experience. Obviously, he noted, she was loving it.

He complied with her request. He took off his shoes, then his short and pants. He thought he looked somewhat ridiculous in his underwear, but noted she was looking at him, missing nothing, The nipples of her breasts stood out, betraying her arousal. 

He finished stripping, then looked about, attempting to assure himself no one was near. 

"Here, sit by me for a minute!" she asked, seating herself on a grassy spot near a tree. He joined her, his erection now quite firm. She gripped it gently with her fingers.

Suddenly, she shoved him to one side, pushing him down onto the ground. On his back, he struggled a bit to get up, feebly protesting. "Paula, please - I have to pee!"

"And so do I" she answered. She was quickly on top of him, her legs astride his body.

He saw her intent. "Paula- no! I can't - my bladder's too full! I have to pee first!"

His protests failed completely. She was in firm control, pinning his arms down as she took his erection into her body. She had always been a strong woman, and was still showing no signs of frailty. 

"I've wanted to do this for a long time", she told her husband, "I want to have you when we both need to pee - and I hope you need to as badly as I do!"

She began to move atop him, gently. Still, her body bounced against his overfull bladder, and he winced at the sensation. She held him in what seemed an iron grip, her vaginal muscles tightly tensed.

He reached up and grasped her nipples, tugging. In her mind, she flashed a memory of standing before the guests Friday night, her breasts groped and stretched. "Pull them - harder!" she told him, recalling the torment to which she had been submitted, and reflecting that this was something he had loved to do to her.

Her motion was accelerating, her grip as tight as ever.

Suddenly he could no longer control his response. He jerked, gasping for breath, moving his body as if to avoid her continued thrusts.

A moment later she, too, erupted in release. She fell on him, still holding his organ inside her, his hands still on her breasts. 

They lay on the rough grass of the forest for several minutes. Slowly, she rolled off him and lay beside him. With her hand she gripped his now flaccid penis.

"You can pee now", she told him.

He tried. His bladder found release difficult, lying on his back, her hands still holding him. But release came. She held him, aiming the stream toward his feet. It shot into the air, making a log arc before returning to earth. Refusing to release her grip, she raised herself to a sitting posture to watch the stream. Finally the stream diminished, then ended.

She smiled at him, now lying relaxed, exhausted.

She squatted beside him, facing him. She took his hand, and placed it on her genital lips. "My turn- you help this time!" 

"How?" he asked, seeming eager but failing to grasp the methodology.

"Spread the lips", she told him, holding her squatting posture, and placing her hands behind her head. Clumsily, he rolled over a bit, grasped her lips and spread them slightly.

Smiling, she looked at him. "I always wanted you to watch me do this - it never seemed to interest you. Now, I want to do it with you looking right at me!"

Her stream poured out, drenching the ground and draining away in a small rivulet. She watched as he gazed at her urination. 

"Never though you'd want me to watch!" he answered her.

As he watched, his erection returned slightly. She took a hand from behind her head and reached for his penis, squeezing it slightly, while he continued to stare at the emptying of her bladder.

She held him for a time. They stayed together, exchanging only a few words, as they recovered from their activity. 

Gradually they regained a modicum of energy. They got up, picked up their clothes, and he started to dress.

"No", she told him, her hand returning for a quick squeeze of his penis. "Shoes are OK, but other than that, I want you to take me home naked - or at least as far as you need to go before you're ready for a repeat performance!"

"Paula, whatever inspired you to do these things? I never saw you like this- where did you get all this inspiration?"

She just smiled, walking down the small forest path toward their car. As they came within sight of the car, he turned slightly to her. 

"If you will tell me what got into you, I think I might be up to number two!" he told her. She felt his stiffening erection.

"First things first!" she told him, looking about for a reasonably clear space. She found one, and lowered herself to a sitting position on the ground. Placing her clothes in a heap, she slipped her shoes off again.

She lay back on the coarse ground, feeling the rough grass on her back. She spread her legs, and looked up at him. "This time you do the work!" she instructed.

He did as commanded.

A few minutes later, she reflected on his earlier question.

"Really, Stan, I had an inspiring time the last few days. I did a lot of thinking and planning for today. You'll never know how long I spent thinking about things like this - but you just might get some more homecomings even if I don't go away!

"Wherever you got the inspiration, you can sure do it again!" he muttered, half to himself.

She started to rise to her feet. He saw her move, and slowly rose up to stand beside her. She knelt for a moment, then offered her hand for him to help her to her feet. Suddenly she fell back, her hand leaving his, grasping her thigh. Her face made an expression of pain, as she stumbled, falling to her knees.

"What happened?" he asked her, reaching again for her hand. "Are you hurt?"

"No", she responded, rubbing her leg. "Just a muscle cramp, I think. Probably been using it too much. At my age, there are things I shouldn't be doing!"

Stan smiled at her. "Looks like you've still got a bit of mileage in you. Sixty's a great age!" 

"Yes", she answered. "I think it is!"

END

