Holding For My Boyfriend
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by lovelylovely on July 6th, 2010 at 1:48AM

A few months ago, I started dating this guy, who I will call james (not his real name, obviously), and recently we realized that we're both into desperation & such. Not into the wetting so much, but holding contests, full bladder sex, etc. This morning, after waking up and having my morning pee, he asked me to hold it for him until he got home, and drink a glass of iced tea every hour. 'no problem', I thought, since he'd only be working about 4-5 hours, and i've held much longer than that. What he decided to not mention is that he was planning on taking his nephew out to pick out a birthday present, since he'll be turning seven in a couple of days. I don't know if you've ever been toy shopping with a seven year old, but let me tell you, it is NOT a quick task! He called me at 5:30 to let me know he would be home a little late.

Thats when I started to worry, because by this time, I already had to go pretty badly, although I wasn't really desperate yet. 2 hours later though, he still wasn't home, i'd still been true to my word and had my glass of iced tea every hour, and I was at the desperate point. I had long passed the point of being able to sit still. I was now at the point that I couldn't have sat still if my life depended on it. I went back and forth between sitting on my heel, shoving my fingers against my pee hole as hard as possible, and pacing back and forth. By 8:00, I was frantic.

I wanted to hold it until James got home, knowing that the night would be verrrry satisfying if I did, but by that time, I wasn't sure if it was possible to hold it even 5 more minutes. I called him on his cell and he didn't answer, which, in the state of desperation I was in, only pissed me off. So, I was on my way to the bathroom to FINALLY let go of all the pee i'd been holding, when he called back. He told me he was only about 10 minutes from home, and begged me to hold just a little while longer.

I told him i'd try, but made no promises, because I honestly wasn't sure if I was going to be able to wait that long. By now it was a constant desperate urge to go; I couldn't think straight, I could barely talk, and uncrossing my legs was definitely out of the question. Somehow though, I made it through the next ten minutes. I immediately wanted us to have sex, no longer worried about anything other than peeing, but he had other plans. I followed him into the bedroom, barely able to walk without wetting myself, where he pushed me onto the bed and started kissing me, while on top of me. This was definitely not helping my situation, so I rolled him off me. He pulled me onto of him and continued kissing me.

I squirmed around trying to get comfortable, which was basically impossible in my situation. I tried to move his hand down to press on my pee hole, but he just pulled them away, choosing to roll back over on top of me instead. I gave up on trying to get comfortable, choosing instead to focus my intentions on just holding my pee back, which now meant keeping my fingers constantly shoved against my crotch. After messing around for about 5 minutes, which felt like an hour to me.

I told him that if he wanted to fuck me before I pissed myself, he'd better do it right then. Just as he started to unbutton my pants though, the damn burst. Before, when i've lost control, its always started out slowly, just little spurts, but this time, there was no stopping it, and I started pissing full force right there on the bed. I quickly managed to roll out of the bed, but there was no way I could have stopped peeing. I tried to get up and stumble to the bathroom, but it felt sooooo good to just be finally pissing, that I couldn't even move. After peeing what felt like forever, and feeling soooo relieved, i'm sure you can imagine what happened next :)

I can honestly say that today was the worst i've ever needed to pee in my life. I don't know how I managed to hold those last five minutes. I really felt like my bladder was about to explode. But the night I had was definitely worth it :)

