Title: The Dream Team Save the World!

By: Michelle

The alien stretched out a long, brown tentacle and caressed the control panel. Had another five aliens been present they would have thought this the sexiest thing they had ever seen. This alien was multigendered, able to take any of the six parts of the complex intercourse needed for reproduction. She did, however, consider herself to be female, and had quite the longest, brownest tentacles this side of Betelgeuse.

She focused three of her eyes on the screen and wrinkled her pretty proboscis in disgust. Just how many earth channels were showing repeats of 'I Love Lucy'? The alien made an adjustment. Ah, better, the President of one of the more powerful of the rather pathetic earth tribes was addressing his people.

'Fellow Americans,' he intoned, 'Oh Goddam I gotta pee!' The presidential penis was whipped from the presidential pants, a sight quite unfamiliar to the male half of the population, and all America watched as the Chief urinated fiercely into a bucket marked 'Property of the CIA'. The aliens ears grinned from lip to lip. Did humans really rely on such a pathetic device for reproduction? The penis wasn't up to much either. The alien touched the panel again.

The program was apparently called Songs of Praise, part of the incomprehensible belief system of the backward planet. A grey haired, round faced man in strange dark clothing, squirming noticeably, addressed the congregation.

'Let us now sing Oh God Our Help in Ages Past.'

'Oh God!!!' yelled the good people as one, and made a dash for the exit. The alien nodded an appendage. Everything was going exactly to plan.

She browsed the channels for a while, watching a tennis match with interest, observing a group of young ladies in a rather exclusive school play netball in their navy cotton gym knickers, a netball game that more and more resembled water polo as even the famed absorption powers of cotton gussets failed to cope with the output of healthy adolescent bladders. Now a football match, the broad shouldered jocks crouching in huddles as they discussed tactics.

'OK guys, the crowd can't see us now. When I say one we pull out our cocks and...'

Not that the crowd was watching the football. Instead they were forming scrums of their own round the inadequate stadium johns. Men were pissing against walls, women choosing either to pull down their panties and crouch or open their legs and let fly. Those poor souls too modest to do either writhed in agony, hands pushed between their legs.

Among those writhing most were a group of very pretty girls in short, wide purple dresses, carrying white and purple pom-poms, the name of one of the teams emblazoned on their backs. Now, what were they called? The alien remembered browsing the intergalactic internet and coming up with material from a being known as Tinker. Yes, those were cheerleaders! Suddenly a particularly pretty blonde hoisted her purple skirt, and a pale golden stream erupted from her white panties. Moaning, whimpering, boldly or shyly, her colleagues followed suit. Most satisfactory.

Suddenly the alien paused, gazing transfixed at the screen. Something was wrong! On the other side of the field the opposing cheerleaders were going thru a flawless routine. Their pretty white and blue uniforms were unstained, their faces happy and unclouded as they followed their leader, a very striking beauty in a flashing scarlet outfit, in a complex series of leaps, chants and acrobatics. With immaculate timing they whirled, landing simultaneously, legs astride. Was this a desperation position? No, they were merely preparing for the splits, then more kicking and leaping.

The alien watched with growing horror. Were these creatures immune? How many more were like them? Was her plan to take over the world to be foiled? She twisted the knob on her machine. Three quarter power! No world had ever needed so much before. In coaches and planes, halls and houses, the population of the planet gushed as never before. The cheerleaders were unperturbed.

The game abandoned due to flooding, the cheerleaders walked to the changing room.

'Wow,' said Maureen.

'I've never pissed so much in my life,' said Melissa. 'Now I'm really hot. Wonder where I can find a man fastest?'

'Try the johns,' said Cindy, peeling off her saturated blue cotton panties. 'Seemed to be full of guys, even the ladies ones.'

'Now girls,' said Diana, 'remember. No wetting in the dressing rooms.' As the words left her mouth she realised discipline had broken down. Ann, possibly the most tractable member of the team, was already standing in a puddle, and Cindy had wet her silky white panties as soon as she had changed from her cheerleader underwear. Really, these girls had no control at all. Neither, it seemed, had she. Fascinated she watched the urine flow over her shapely thighs. Oh well.

Viciously the alien twisted the control knob to full, and focused the full power of her machine at two girls, one in a disgracefully short black leather mini, the other in a green skirt almost as short, which she wore with the elegance of a gown.

'Going my way, Cindy?' asked Diane. 

'Sure thing. Just a second. Oooooh.'

'Thought you only did a little at a time and didn't normally make puddles?'

'That was a little. Ooooooh, ooooooh!'

'I see what you mean. Aaaaaaah! I'll have to have a word with our soft drinks supplier.'

'No, don't bother. This, oooooh, aaaaah is cool.'

'Gasp! Yes it is isn't it.'

Calmly the two girls walked away, showing no signs of desperation, the warm pee flowing continuously down their legs, quite invisible from the spaceship. The alien sighed in despair. This world was too tough a nut to crack. No being she had encountered in the last two aeons was immune to full power. Including, of course, herself.

Desperately she flicked the switch to off. Too late. An orifice opened in a very odd part of her anatomy and three green spherical objects dropped with a clang into a copper colored container. 'Balls,' thought the alien. She had just breached space discipline by going in her uniform. Worse than that, it had made her randy, and where was she about to find five friends in this back of beyond galaxy?

Still, there was one consolation. She slid the container into a vaporiser and took another from a locker. At least she'd been diapered.

