Dream Team (part 2)

Posted by Tinker, July 1994 

Diana was surprised to find three of the girls of her team already waiting at the locker room door. It was only ten to three, and although nobody of the team ever had been really late for the training sessions, she was not used to this kind of enthusiasm. Ann, Maureen and Alice stood together, softly talking to each other, and giggling the usual way. Diana smiled. All three girls wore skirts; Ann and Alice longer, and Maureen shorter, but skirts. That had been dramatically different only one week before. Amazing how a rather simple piece of gossip and some experimenting could change the way these girls dressed (and probably behaved) themselves. 

When Diana arrived, the three girls interrupted their talk and turned to her. "Aha, there you are. We have been waiting for you for a while already. A bit too long, in fact." Ann pressed her hands in her crotch and made a very good imitation of a girl who needed to go to the toilet Real Soon Now. All four girls laughed, and Diana unlocked the door. While Diana flipped the light switch and entered her little cabin, where she kept the administrative stuff a cheerleaders' team generated, the three girls threw their bags against the wall and sat down to undress. "Diana, indoor training or field exercise today?", Alice asked. Diana smiled to herself. "I presume you want to try out your new uniforms again?", she replied. Three girls replied "Yes!" in unison, and so it was decided to go out for field training again. Which meant full blown uniforms instead of the usual training suits. 

While unbuttoning her blouse, Alice already started rummaging in her bag for her uniform. She always liked to get into her cheerleader outfit. It felt wonderfully smooth, fitted her like a second skin, and of course she looked great in it. After stripping to just her bra and her panties, she first put on her top and then quickly slipped into her white skirt. Her skirt was the most fantastic garment of all. It was made out of soft, smooth fabric, flowed nicely around her hips and thighs, hid her bum when she wanted it and revealed her panties at will, and last but not least, provided necessary cover for some forbidden delight.

Humming with pleasure, she slid her normal white cotton panties down her legs and replaced them with the pale blue uniform panties. Looking in the mirror with her skirt hiked up a bit, she inspected her crotch. As expected, no single trace of what had happened last training had survived the washing machine. Alice smiled, stroke down her skirt, and sat down to pull on her tight boots. 

While she tightened the laces with her knee pulled up, Alice looked at Ann who only now started to undress. To her surprise, Ann just slid down her full-length skirt and revealed that she already wore her cheerleader skirt, boots, and panties. Ann grinned. "You should try it next time, Alice. It really feels exciting to wear these clothes during classes." Then, Ann took off her sweater and started looking for her top. 

Maureen took off her jacket and only now Alice saw that she did not wear a mini skirt, but a pink mini dress. The skirt part was quite wide and loose, and had an elastic waist band that emphasised Maureen's waist and hips in no uncertain terms. In fact, there was surprisingly little difference between her dress and her cheerleader uniform. She turned around to hang her jacket on a hook, and then stood still for a moment, biting her lip and stroking her skirt while gazing at the showers.

Alice, who now was busy tightening her left boot, clacked her tongue and suggested Maureen not to pursue her idea. Maureen sighed, and then sat down to untie her sneakers, revealing that she wore her blue cheerleaders' panties as well. And although Alice could not see it clearly enough, it seemed to her that Maureen's crotch had a slightly different colour. "Ah well," Alice thought by herself, "At least I am not the only one who couldn't resist it," and while she arranged her hair in front of the mirror she glanced at the plastic bag among her things on the ground that contained the result of a tiny "accident" this morning. 

Even before the three girls were ready, the other members of the team came in and soon the whole locker room was filled with giggling and chattering girls, all in various stages of uniform. Eventually they all were dressed, and Jane went into the captain's cabin to call for Diana. Jane expected to find Diana sitting at her desk, filling in forms, dressed in her normal working clothes, since she was only the team's trainer. What she saw, however, nailed her to the ground for several seconds. Then, she only could say: "Wow!". 

Diana had changed into the most beautiful cheerleader outfit Jane had ever seen. While the rest of the team wore a combination of blue and white, Diana was dressed in flashing red, top to toe, including hair lint and high boots. Her whole appearance was absolutely stunning. Diana's long, black hair flowed halfway down her back, her top revealed the contours of perfect breasts, and her skirt promised quite a lot. Even her legs were great. Diana, who had been looking in the mirror, only now detected Jane and started to blush. "I admit that the effect is maybe a bit overdone," she said softly, turning left and right to get a better look in the mirror. Jane still could not talk.

Diana continued: "Since last week's events, I have been thinking about returning to be an active instead of a passive cheerleader. Being a training captain is nice, but what happened reminded me of the satisfaction of being there. You know. And I think I still fulfil the requirements. What do you think?" Diana now turned directly to Jane and appeared in full beauty. "Can I be your _active_ captain?" Jane nodded. "Well... you certainly pass any physical requirement; we know your fitness and you look absolutely stunning." Diana smiled and looked another way. "It is more a matter of us feeling ashamed to appear next to you," Jane added. "You are ten years older than we are. Although you don't really look that old." Diana nodded. "I know. Therefore it is _your_ decision. I know I can handle being a cheerleader at 29, no problem. But the team must feel comfortable with me, too." That said, she took a deep breath and walked out of the cabin, into the locker room. 

Her knockout appearance immediately stopped the girl's chattering. With wide-open eyes they followed Diana as she walked elegantly to the door and left the room for the field. After the door had fallen back into the lock, it was silent for two seconds. Then, everybody raced to the exit and wondered why Jane held the door firmly closed. "Silence! Stop it! First listen to me. Diana told me she would very much like to become our captain. We all know she can do it. She is better than most of us. She surely _looks_ better than some of us." Grinning and grumbling all over the place. "But she is ten years older, and it might be that you don't like to have her as your captain. You will inevitably be in the shadow of her, always." The girls were silent. "What do you mean, in the shadow?", Ann asked. "I mean that she will attract all eyes, all flowers, all dates. No matter what you do, she will always come first; even while she does not seek that. She just outclasses us." 

After a silence of a few seconds, Alice continued: "But Jane, if she really is 29, why not just spread the word? She wouldn't mind, and I want to meet the first boy who goes after someone ten years older than he is, if he has many others of his own age available who are practically as nice." There was some mumbling, but Alice had a point. "Okay," Jane said, "That's true. She will probably not steal dates from us, you're right. But she will attract a lot of attention. Personally, I don't mind about that; and it gives us certainly better chances on the next championships. She can do amazing things with her body, and cheerleader juries are about her age." With an evil grin, Jane opened the door and yelled: "Welcome to our new captain!" 

A few minutes later, the team had settled into the new order, and everyone agreed that basically nothing had changed. Diana as always was a good example for the others in all exercises, and as their choreographer she could now also participate herself. Before, the team had always performed as one single unit, jumping, yelling and waving pompoms in perfect synchronisation. But now, the eye-catching captain could perform breathtaking gymnastics in solo acts with the rest filling in the background. And that opened up possibilities like mirror steps, with a division between the left and the right half of the team, and Diana in the middle. Everyone agreed that the addition of an able captain enhanced their performance quite a bit. 

During most exercises, Diana was in front of the girls, and to facilitate mimicking her movements she usually turned her back to them. Alice and Jane, who were both in the front line, silently argued about Diana's panties. Given the completely red outfit she wore, Alice assumed that she would not disturb the combination and that she had exactly matching red underwear. Jane, on the other hand, expected something irregular up Diana's skirt. Like shocking pink. Alice shook her head and just continued with the exercises.

Amazing how Diana managed to keep her panties covered while doing the most intense things, like jumping up and down and throwing her arms in the air. The other girls were used to see their underwear popping up every few seconds, but their captain moved so smoothly and gracefully that her skirt seemed to be glued to her thighs. It took more than ten minutes before Diana decided to start stretching ankle muscles, and bent over forward. While she put her wrists on the ground with her legs straight up, her skirt rode up and revealed her bum. Alice laughed; she wore panties that had exactly the same colour as her dress. Now Jane shook her head. What a bummer. 

Maureen, who was at the last row, slowly got uncomfortable. When she took off her jacket in the locker room, she really had wanted to pee. That morning, she had carefully dressed in her pink mini, fully aware of the exciting possibilities of that garment, and during the lunch break she went for a walk on the lawn with her boyfriend. They both ended up lying on their bellies on the grass, watching the traffic jams in the valley below. It was then that Maureen slipped her hand under her belly, pulled her dress away under her crotch so that her panties lay directly on the grass, and made sure that her bum was completely covered. She took the hand of her boyfriend and started to suck his thumb, and while he bent over to her and kissed her in the neck, she started to pee through her panties.

It was a wonderful sensation, and Maureen couldn't help slightly spreading her legs when she felt her warm wetness spreading in her underwear. Before long, her whole crotch got soaked and she felt extremely satisfied and relaxed. Her boyfriend soon discovered her state of mind, and decided to take advantage of the situation. Slowly he slid his hand down her back, crossed her waist, and went down her bum. Maureen was too far away to notice this consciously, and when she finally became aware of her boyfriend's hand working his way up her skirt, it was too late. A second later he caught her right in the middle of the wetness between her legs, and gasped. Maureen blushed and wanted to tear away.

But no. Her friend held her tight, carefully lifted her skirt, gazed at the wet stain between her legs, and then made her sit up, while he arranged her skirt neatly around her bum so it didn't get wet. With her knees pulled up high and her panties clearly exposed between her somewhat spread legs, she sat in front of her boyfriend. It was very obvious that she had wet her panties. Her friend lay down on his belly again, and with his head on his hands, looking at her, he started to grind his crotch against the grass. Seeing that she aroused him quite a lot, Maureen let go of her embarrassment and started a terrific stream again. While her pee jetted through the blue fabric and made an audible hiss, she put one finger on the exact right spot and ten seconds later, they both came quite hard. Afterwards, they had a good hug, and Maureen was very relieved in more than one way. 

In the locker room, she really had wanted to go to the showers and quickly get herself some wet panties again, but Alice made her to skip the occasion. And now she cursed herself that she had not done it. All the exercises did not improve matters. Before long, she would piss herself, even if she did not want to. She started to look around a bit, but her back was directed towards the sport's building with their private entry, and nobody would show up from there. Her fellow cheerleaders all knew this naughty way of having fun, and would not protest, if they would find out at all. Maureen's only problem was that she would not miss the exercises. 

Her moment came a minute later, when Diana turned around to instruct the lot for the next exercise. While everyone closely looked at the complicated movement that Diana demonstrated with both her arms, Maureen put her boots apart and pulled down her skirt. Glancing quickly to both sides, she slowly started to pee. The blue fabric of her panties absorbed the fluid eagerly, and it took many seconds before it dripped down between her legs. Maureen sighed from relief, and this caused Ann to look to the right. She immediately recognised the typical pose Maureen was in, and shook her head. This girl really needed some discipline. Ann herself was far stronger, she knew. She would wet herself only during the break. 

While Maureen still leaked between her boots, Diana finished her explanation and the team started to wave their arms in such a way that they felt every muscle protest. Ah, this _was_ a hard training after all. Fortunately, it took only fifteen seconds. Diana announced that they would slowly extend the time of the exercise to two minutes, which would need to be reached in two months. That said, she told the team to prepare for the last exercise before the break, which was always the same: stretching ankle muscles for one minute, holding their feet with their hands while bent forward. Diana herself gave the example, which for the girls was the first time that they actually saw her being this limber. 

While Diana stood in front of them, again showing her red panties in great detail, Jane and Alice had to work quite hard to complete the stretching. They needed a few seconds to reach their feet, and some more to find a stable position. Only then, they looked up to Diana and could not avoid gazing at her wonderfully cut panties again. They were not made out of elastic fabric, but still fitted like they were. The seams were barely visible, and they showed a darker area between Diana's legs. They did what? Alice blinked with her eyes as she saw the dark patch grow, and then Diana moved her boots apart, still holding her feet. Jane noticed the phenomenon as well, and felt excited about it. She now knew for sure that Diana's decision to become active captain had one major reason: that Diana now could wear that wonderful uniform again, with all its features. 

Just after her pee started to trickle down from her panties, Diana straightened her back again and stretched her arms above her head. Then she pulled down her skirt and put her hands on the outside of her thighs, enjoying the feeling of the warm trickling in her panties. She did not empty her whole bladder, though. Rather soon the dripping stopped and she turned around to face the team. "Okay girls. Fifteen minutes break." The girls rose out of their awkward positions with some moaning, but soon they were alright again. Maureen stroke her skirt nicely down, Ann probed her bladder and decided it could hold somewhat longer, and Diana stepped towards Jane and Alice. "And? Did you like the exercise this way?"

"We did," Jane answered, "especially the wet part." 

Diana grinned and stroke her skirt. "You know, your play last week really excited me, and I remembered how wonderfully free I felt ten years ago, wearing my uniform. Immediately after the training, I rushed to the shop to get the materials I needed, and I spent the whole weekend tailoring my outfit. The first thing I did when I had finished it was running down the garden to wet myself in it. And it felt so good that I then had the idea of joining the team." Diana sighed. "You don't mind if I continue?"

"Not at all," Alice answered, and she stroke her skirt herself. "I'm tempted as well, but I've already started to wet my panties under my normal skirt, and probably I'll spoil myself if I do it too often." Diana answered that it indeed could be a problem, eagerly spread her legs, checked her red uniform, and then started to pee again, this time full power, while she closed her eyes and pulled down her tiny skirt. Alice again shook her head. How a formerly relatively modest young woman could turn into such a stunning creature, by only putting on this uniform and doing some exorbitant things. Diana sighed and felt extremely sexy. She was. 

Back in the building, Melissa and Cindy had gone to the pantry to get something to drink. They had been completely unaware of Maureen's and Diana's escapades, and when they came outside nothing in the appearance of both Maureen and Diana showed anything suspicious. Diana was sitting on a wooden bench against the building wall, her legs crossed, and she enjoyed the sun. Maureen and Janice were off to buy themselves some ice cream. Although they would attract attention wearing their uniforms, it would not be strange to spot them on the campus that way. Jane lay down on her back in the sun, her legs pulled up. Only Alice was standing and seemed available to talk to.

While Cindy strolled off and found herself a place against the wall in the sun, Melissa pushed Alice with her elbow, and with a wink she said: "I'm dying for a pee. Wanna join me?" Alice put her tongue in her cheek and replied: "What did you have in mind?" Melissa laughed and twirled around, which caused her skirt to flip up. "Nothing yet. As long as I do not need to take off my panties, everything will do." Alice grinned and pulled at her own panties from behind. "I already had my share today. Two times a day is a bit too much for me." Melissa looked interested and disappointed at the same time. "You already have? When?"

"When I walked to school this morning." Melissa rose her eyebrows. "That's brave! I only dare to do it if I wear my cheerleader's uniform, or my denim mini, late at night." Alice smiled. "It really isn't that hard. Just put on a wide skirt, and find a place to squat down. I like squatting. It is more feminine than spreading your legs and just drop it." Melissa licked her lips and looked to the other cheerleaders. "Alright. Just teach me how you did it." 

Diana, who still deeply enjoyed her uniform and especially the warm moist between her legs, saw Melissa and Alice squatting down on the field and immediately knew what was going on. She sighed. Amazing how fast the habit of weeing through panties under skirts had caught on. She pressed her thighs together while watching Melissa, who apparently got instructed by Alice. Everything went okay, and only an experienced eye like Diana's could see that Melissa was not just looking at the daisies. She pressed her thighs harder together, and felt her tension building up. Sitting in a wonderful cheerleader uniform, and having peed her panties, it took her little effort to arouse herself just to the limit. There she paused, and waited. For the whole world, there was just a beautiful cheerleader sitting in the sun on a bench. She threw her hair over her shoulder and looked at the two squatting girls on the field. 

Would Melissa be able to control herself and start peeing without showing anything? While Melissa remained squatted, Alice stood up and took two steps back. Diana felt her moment approaching. Melissa looked quickly to the building, and then between her legs, while she pushed her cheerleader skirt up her thighs. Alice stooped forward a bit, watching closely. Then, Melissa suddenly straightened her back and spread her knees. Diana knew it had happened and let herself reach her climax. She could almost feel herself how Melissa's pale blue panties started to fill up, to soak through, and to drip between her legs. She moaned softly. While her orgasm faded away again, Diana became aware of a certain sense of warmth in her crotch, and a quick inspection learned her that she had wet herself for the third time. Fully satisfied she took her legs off each other and with her knees slightly spread to let the cool air reach her wet crotch, she relaxed for some more minutes. 

In the mean time, Maureen and Janice had reached the local ice cream vendor, who had parked his car on the pavement in front of the main building. There was a short queue, and they had to wait for a few minutes. Of course, their uniforms attracted attention, but their training field was so close by that nobody asked questions or did anything else, except looking of course. Maureen had brought some money and slowly made her way through the queue, while Janice remained a bit aside. Maureen looked at the list of today's available flavours, and turned around to ask Janice which one she preferred. To her amazement and shock, Janice seemed severely distracted. 

She had her boots tightly together, knees pressed, thighs pressed, and her hands on her skirt to prevent it to be blown up by the wind. Instantly Maureen knew what was going on, and she hoped that Janice could control herself enough to keep it secret. Maureen ordered two lemon flavoured ice creams, grabbed under her own skirt to scratch at her itching, moist panties, and finally returned to Janice. She still stood in the same pose, smiling to Maureen as she came to her. "I see you chose the proper colour ice cream," Janice remarked as she took over the thing. Maureen looked sceptical and glanced Janice all over, especially below the waist. "Hum. You want to get caught with wet pants in public?" 

Janice smiled and took a lick of her ice cream. "Nope. Caught not. Wet yes." That said, she left her place and only now revealed a tiny puddle, with the dry prints of her boots in the middle. Maureen did not even see any drops on her boots, so Janice must have peed very carefully, and not that much. Still, she _had_ wet herself in public now, while wearing her cheerleader outfit; a rather remarkable fact. Janice greatly enjoyed the excitement of the moment and as soon as they were on grass again, she started to really piss her pants, this time with the tap fully opened. Without even stopping, she walked on, while her pee streamed down both her legs. Maureen could only look and think of a way to outdo Janice somewhere in the future. 

When the whole lot was reassembled again, Diana rose off her bench and started the second round of exercises. During these, she had to divide her attention between her team (with the majority now having suspicious stains in their panties) and the sky, which swiftly turned dark as a vicious rain storm approached. When the first drops began to fall down, she cancelled the training and everyone fled inside. Standing in the doorway, Cindy and Jane stared at the rain pouring down, and cursed the fact that they had to go through it to get home. Of course, they had not brought rain clothing with them. And the rain did not look like it would stop soon. 

Almost at the same moment, Jane and Cindy got the same idea. Suddenly they turned around, went inside, and quickly started to change into their normal clothing. When they arrived back at the door, Ann already stood there, since she had only to put on her long skirt and sweater. The three girls looked outside and were silent for a moment. Diana showed up, still wearing her gorgeous outfit, and asked them if they shouldn't shower. The three girls looked at each other, and then smiled. Of course they needed a shower. And that said, they exited the building, right into the pouring rain. 

After twenty meters, Ann stopped. "Just a moment, girls. I want to do this before I get completely soaked." Jane and Cindy turned towards her, while Ann pushed her hair out of her face. Still holding her bag, she spread her legs widely and looked down to her long skirt. Her white boots became the base points of an isosceles triangle as the wind blew her skirt between her legs. Ann hugged her bag with two arms, and while she knew she wore all her normal clothes, was out in the open, and would need to cross many crowded areas before she reached her home, she calmly started to piss in her pants. At first nothing showed, as the rain drops had already made many stains on both her sweater and her skirt.

But after a few seconds, Jane and Cindy saw a bigger, continuous stain developing between Ann's thighs. Her skirt that was blown between her legs caught a great deal of the fluid that normally would have fallen down between her boots, and within half a minute Ann could not possibly cover up what had happened anymore. The stain in her skirt quickly ran down, and formed a diverging line from her crotch (where her wet panties now touched her whole skirt, revealing their extension precisely) all the way down to the hem of her skirt. Ann was in seventh heaven, and happily looked at Jane and Cindy. "Ahhh. That was good. Thanks for waiting." And she walked along, letting the pouring rain cover up every trace. Smiling, Diana returned to the showers, leaving a small puddle at the doorstep. 

Ann was the first to leave the three girls, since her home was closest by. While she said goodbye to her two friends, she hurried up the stairs, leaving wet footprints all over the place. Her skirt really was a mess now, and she enjoyed it. Jane and Cindy continued, and it did not take long for Jane to realise that she should do something quickly, unless she wanted to arrive home wet from rain only. She sighed and looked down. Unfortunately, she wore jeans. Stupid hers. But it was not her style to wear skirts and dresses; except of course when cheerleading. She looked at Cindy and asked her advice. "Well," Cindy replied, "You're as soaked as I am, so I would not hesitate: just go in your jeans." Jane nodded.

She threw her bag on her back and looked down to the front of her tight jeans. It would be the first time for her to wet herself without a skirt, and in public. She swallowed, and then stopped walking. While Cindy looked eagerly to Jane's crotch and even squatted to get a better view, Jane hoped that nobody in the appartment building nearby would look outside and spread her legs. The rain really helped matters, and before long her warm stream gushed into her pants. Cindy could see it flowing down the inside of Jane's thighs, and finally dripping out of the legs of her jeans, onto the pavement, where it disappeared without a trace. Jane looked relieved and just said: "Wow." After waiting for some more seconds, she pulled back her legs and firmly pressed her thighs together. Wet jeans were much more intense than wet panties, she discovered. Pity that you needed a rainstorm for it. And then both girls laughed and went on. 

Two streets further, the rain stopped and while Jane turned right for her house, Cindy still had to walk a few hundred meters. The sun came back again, and soon her white silk blouse started to dry. Cindy wore a short, tight, leather skirt that naturally had survived the weather, and only her soaked socks and sneakers reminded her of the pouring rain. A bit disappointed she went into her parent's garden and walked towards the door. 

The door was locked! Her parents were out! Immediately Cindy took the key from its not so secret place and opened the door, threw her bag inside, and went into the sheltered garden. All was not lost yet. In the middle of the garden, she shook her blouse loosely around her shoulders, arranged her still wet hair out of the way, and reached up her skirt to feel her panties. Dry, as expected. Good! Feeling beautiful and sexy, she put her legs as far apart as her skirt allowed and put her hands in her neck. As always, it took her about thirty seconds before the first wave of hot wee washed through her panties. Leather skirts really had their advantages, she thought, as the second wave hit her underwear. The third and fourth wave came closely after each other, and caused a familiar dripping sound from between her sneakers. Finally, she managed to pee continuously, and almost reached orgasm while her underwear got the load of a complete afternoon. 

After having finished, Cindy remained in position for a minute to allow her panties to stop dripping. Then she stooped a bit and squeezed her panties between her thighs. A last trickle of pee left her underwear and went down her left leg. She giggled and turned around to go inside and change. And saw her mother standing in the doorway, arms crossed, watching her. 

Red as a beet, Cindy approached and quickly thought up some explanation. Ah, yes. She had been caught in the rainstorm and couldn't make it, so she... Her mother suddenly smiled and shook her head. "You can see you are not used to do this, Cindy. You make far too much circus of it. Next time you have to go, just pee in your pants, don't put down a show." And she handed Cindy a towel to dry her hair. Cindy was not yet assured. "Uhmmm... I can explain it, mum." Her mother smiled again. "No need to. Every girl wets herself now and then. It just happens, and you can only hope to wear a skirt if the flood strikes you. I always see it as a way of having your private emergency toilet with you." Cindy now looked quite happy. "So you're not mad at me?"

"Not at all. Just do what you like, as long as you don't make a fool out of yourself. And now go upstairs and take a shower, because you're soaking wet. Two ways." Happily Cindy went up the stairs, and locked herself in the bathroom to celebrate the events of today. Her mother shook her head again and went back to the living room, where she had been after entering through the garage and forgetting to unlock the door. Passing through the hallway, she looked at her skirt in the mirror. Nothing showed, as usual. 

