Returning home at five thirty, Anne stripped off, throwing her blouse, damp skirt, and sodden knickers into the laundry basket. Lighting a couple of scented candles she ran herself a warm, soothing bath with plenty of foamy bubble bath in it. After the day she'd had, she definitely needed to pamper herself a little. She wasn't bitter or angry about what had happened – neither did she feel any self–reproach. Since the events of lunchtime she'd had plenty of opportunity to pause and reflect. The painful, unpleasant, and humiliating experience of tumbling on the office stairs and wetting herself in front of Clive had actually helped her to clarify and resolve matters of which she'd been aware for some weeks but had avoided facing. She'd resolved that there would have to be changes in her life.
Reclining in the warm soapy luxury of her bath, Anne lathered her firm, shapely, well–proportioned tits. According to Brian, her hubby, they were the loveliest tits in town. She hoped they were the only 'tits in town' that interested Brian and, despite harboring an occasional suspicion that he cast his admiration a little more widely, she gave him the benefit of the doubt. Few men would put up with some of the things she did, but Brian was one of them.
Relaxing with her legs apart and feeling really sexy, Anne decided to add a little of her own special ingredient to the foamy bath water. Although it wasn't unusual for her to do one in the shower, it was years since she'd last done a wee in the bath – she was sure it was when Adam was a lad – and doing it she felt incredibly sensual as well as deliciously naughty.
As her amber nectar mingled with the water she heard a car pull up outside and the familiar sound of Brian's key in the lock. As usual his greeting was the joyous, upbeat shout of a man glad to be home.
"Hi darling, I'm back."
"I'm up here," Anne shouted as hard as she could.
Delighted to have him home her heart leapt as she heard his footsteps hurrying on the stairs. Presently Brian appeared at the bathroom door (which as a matter of domestic policy they always kept open) bearing a large bunch of golden roses. Seeing them, Anne beamed with delight.
"Oh darling, they're lovely! You really shouldn't."
Brian placed the roses in the washbasin and perched on the edge of the toilet seat.
"They're not from me, love. They're from Clive. He came to see me this afternoon and told me about the accident you had on the office stairs earlier. He was really concerned and worried about you. In fact he was rather upset, blaming himself for putting you under too much pressure when you clearly needed a break. I told him there was really nothing to worry about and I was sure you'd be fine but I'd check on you as soon as I got back."
Anne sloshed the foamy water around her.
"It's touching of Clive to be so concerned. Yes I did take rather a tumble on those stairs of his. They're lethal. I've half a mind to report him to the Health & Safety people. Somehow I think I'm going to live, though. There aren't any broken bones that I know of and if one or two small bruises come up in a day or so I'm sure they'll soon heal."
Brian bent over the bath and kissed his wife on the forehead.
"I'm glad to hear it, Anne. Clive told me you had rather more than just a tumble though. He's told me he saw you having an accident of a rather different kind as well."
"Very well, Brian. Yes I did wet my knickers but I'd not been all morning, was bursting and just lost control."
Gently stroking her hair, Brian kissed her yet again.
"Oh dear, Mrs. Timpson! When are you going to learn? Surely Clive must have a loo on those premises of his. It is the twenty first century after all, not the nineteenth."
"Oh he has. I just don't like using it, though. It's filthy for a start. Also, I think he monitors how long people spend in there and listens in on what they're doing. It gives me the creeps."
"The little perv."
"Exactly."
Brian was temporarily at a loss for words but soon regained them.
"Whilst I think about it, Clive said you could take Monday off if you wanted to extend the weekend and have an extra day to recover. He said something about the other girl being back from her holiday then so there would be less pressure."
Anne shook her head.
"It's very kind of Clive but I will be going in on Monday – to tender my resignation. I intend to give work my notice and finish at the end of this month on the Friday before the Bank Holiday – the twenty sixth I think it is."
Brian was nonplussed.
"But you're a damn good secretary, Anne. Besides, I thought you enjoyed the work and having a little income of your own."
Anne tossed her hair.
"I am a damn good secretary, Brian. I work twice as hard and as fast as that Sally girl who seems to spend most of the time polishing her nails or chatting on the phone to some boyfriend or other. Clive doesn't need a damn good secretary, though. He needs something else, something which I can't and don't want to give him. Besides, we don't really need the money and I've really missed having my freedom the last couple of months. I know that apart from this week it's only been three mornings a week but it's too much of a bind and I've had enough. The experience has been useful though and it's taught me valuable lessons, even if some of them have been ones I'd rather not have learnt."
"So you're mind's made up then?"
"It is. I've decided I'm going to be a lady of leisure from now on"
Anne playfully splashed some of the bath water on to Brian. He brushed it off, sniffing as he did so.
"This water smells strange. It's not quite the same as the bubble bath you normally use."
A wicked grin crossed Anne's face.
"Oh but it is. It's just that I decided to add a few drops – well half a pint or so if I'm honest – of my own special essence."
It took a few seconds for Brian to figure out what she meant but at length the penny dropped and, in mock astonishment, he pretended to be grossed out.
"Oh you dirty mare! That's disgusting."
Soaping once more the pert breasts he so much admired, Anne sat up in the bath, smiling warmly at him.
"I know I've been so very naughty, haven't I?"
Brian gave her a long, lingering, kiss on the lips.
"Yes you have, but I love you for it and that's why I married you. Anyhow, what's for tea, love? I'm starving."
"Nothing dearest. I thought you could take me out somewhere later for a change –somewhere chic and exclusive that is. After all, it is our anniversary. You have remembered, haven't you darling?"
For some strange reason Brian found himself going weak at the knees.
The End
By: Adrian