Dream Team (part 12)

Posted by Tinker, on September 20, 1999 at 22:40 

"They want us to do WHAT?" Ann cried out. Diana sighed. "I know. It is boring and silly. But we cannot avoid it."

"And that just on my free afternoon," Ann complained. "Are you sure nobody else of the squad is available?" Diana shook her head. "Sorry, Ann. There are exams tomorrow, or something. Only the two of us, and Susan. Jane, maybe. The rest is out." Ann kicked against a tree. "I hate doing this. Cheering on the field, okay. Dancing with the band, seems a nice idea. But just being present at a charity auction... baah." Diana shrugged. "I know, I know. It's not really interesting. But we are representatives of the university, and we should be there. Almost orders from above." Ann still was angry. "Listen, Diana, we are just going to be there for the visual effect. Parading around in our uniforms, enhancing the scenery. What else do we do? Do we have something to say, to do, to perform?" Diana shook her head. "You see! We are just there to be looked at. I hate it." 

Half an hour later, the four girls were underway to a nearby school, all of them slightly irritated. "You know, I loved the idea of having the opportunity to wear my uniform more often, but this goes a bit too far," Jane complained. "We are just waving the university flag. Or better, playing the flag; we are the flag! We are just four flags on legs." Susan smiled. "I like being a flag, then. I love to wear my uniform, no matter what I do or whom is looking at it. Don't you feel flattered by the opportunity to show off?" Jane muttered. "Yeah, I do, but just hanging around at an auction for a couple of hours is not exactly my idea of an afternoon well spent."

"Come on, cheer up," Diana interrupted. "It's not that bad. The weather is nice, we have a perfect excuse for not doing most of our chores, and who knows what we encounter at the auction." 

Jane's worst feelings came true as the four girls entered the school's premises. Some people had put up several stands and a raised stage with a microphone on the school yard, and that was it. Although there were plenty of people around and the man on the stage was chattering over the PA constantly, acting somewhat like a stand-up comedian, the whole happening was boring as hell. After ten minutes, they had seen everything, and Ann looked at her watch. "Oh no, still three hours to go. How can we last? I'll fall asleep! Is there coffee?" Diana followed her nose and the four girls ended up behind one of the stands, where a friendly lady distributed coffee among the auction's participants. With their plastic cups in hand, they idled around a bit and desperately tried to look for something useful to do. 

Jane gazed at the gallery on the first floor of the school building. It was well above the school yard, and she estimated that they would have a nice overview of the whole happening. She did not even ask what the others thought, and simply walked towards the stairs. Happy that there was some action, the others followed Jane, not knowing what she was up to but it could not be any worse. They climbed up the stairs and lined up on the gallery, leaning over the railing and trying to appear cheerful and representative. "Now we really are flags," Ann grinned. "We should have climbed up the roof instead." But their position was better than on the ground, so they stayed. 

After a while, Susan giggled. "What's up?" Ann inquired. "Nothing. Just a silly thought."

"Come on, what's it?" Susan giggled again. "Did you notice the guys down there? One by one, they assemble in front of the stage, but I have the impression it's not the stage they are interested in." Jane looked down. Several faces suddenly turned away, as if the boys did not want to reveal what they were looking at. "Aha," Jane said, "They are spying on us. Looking up our skirts, probably. Well, let them look. At least something exciting happens." The four girls were silent for a few seconds.

Then, as if by mutual agreement, they all decided to take a more comfortable position, and moved their feet a bit apart. Jane thrusted her hips forward, Ann arced her back, Susan pulled her sweater tight over her chest and Diana pulled up the waist band of her white skirt, making it half an inch shorter. When they noticed what the others were doing, a hilarious giggling drifted down from the balcony, and the speaker on the stand decided to ask for an applause for the university's representatives. Susan looked at the boys down on the ground, who now had a good excuse to look up at the four cheerleaders. She smiled at them, and pretended to be unaware of the excellent view they had on her red panties. Jane looked aside. "It's great after all, this auction. Diana, are we still representative this way?"

"What do you mean, 'this way'?" Diana asked innocently, offering the best possible view up her skirt. "Of course we're representative. Our uniform is the flag. We are the flag pole. Let it wave." 

But even this naughty game became boring after another half an hour. Ann even yawned and announced that she would go down for another coffee. When she moved away from the railing, Susan thought she could notice some disappointment among the boys. Ann got down the stairs and went over to the coffee corner. Susan saw that some boys followed her movements. Would Ann know? Of course she would. It was pretty obvious that they were the only real attraction at the auction, at least for the boys.

Ann now had reached the coffee stand and gratefully accepted a cup. When the lady wanted to give her some milk, Ann just gave her a friendly smile and told that she could help herself. Slowly, teasingly, she bent over and picked up the milk can, making sure that her skirt rode up far enough to have some effect. After the milk, sugar. Then a stir stick. And every time, Susan thought she could hear a shiver going through the crowd. When Ann appeared back on the gallery, she just said: "I think this afternoon can become very funny after all." 

Jane approached Diana. "Diana, your opinion. We are flag poles?"

"Eh... sorta. Yes."

"We are supposed to keep standing up all the time? Like flag poles?"

"Eh? I suppose so. There are no seats, what do you mean?" Jane smiled. "Nothing. Just assessing opportunities." She stroke her skirt. Suddenly Diana got the message. "What? Are you crazy? A hundred people are watching us right now!"

"I know. And what do they see? A flash of red panties, ten meters away. No details. And if we go downstairs, our skirts will protect us well enough. I think it is safe." Susan agreed with Jane: "I think it is safe, too. Just the idea... it would be marvelous." Ann just said: "I'm glad I drank some coffee. I can feel it going down already." Diana took a deep breath. The girls now obviously went too far. Playing around on the field during practice, okay. But playing around on an official mission with people all around...? That said, they had a point. If they were a bit careful, nobody would have to notice indeed. And, to be honest, the very idea of doing it right there was appealing to say the least.

Feeling it getting closer for a few minutes, then the wonderful moment of having it happen... and the secret to keep the rest of the otherwise boring afternoon... "Please, be careful, alright? This is no innocent game any more, under these circumstances. If one of us gets caught, it will be all over the campus tomorrow. We are just too much of a target for gossip. So, if you want to get on with it, okay, but be very careful." Ann immediately headed down the stairs again. "I want more coffee, and I saw a tray of Coke, too." 

Jane looked a bit puzzled. "What's up, Jane?" Susan asked. "Well... it may sound silly, but until now I only have done it out in the open, showing off, you know, legs apart and such. I suppose that won't work here." Susan shook her head. "No it won't. You must do it stealthily, without giving it away by your pose, and of course you should not really drop it all at once." Jane looked disappointed. "Not? But I can't. When it comes, it comes. All of it." Susan laughed: "Oh no it does not. But you should not wait until you need to go. You do it way earlier, and stay ahead of a real need to go. It's more fun, in a sense, to do it when there is absolutely no need to. It gives you more sense of naughtiness."

"So, I should just make some effort to have it happen? That's new. I am used to holding it."

"Well, maybe I have the advantage here," Susan replied, "at my former school I never could do it full blast like you, I always had to do it bit by bit. So that the others would think it was one of my regular accidents. Of course, I usually did it on purpose just before having a real accident. Ah, Ann, thanks." She took a can of Coke and popped it open. "It does not take long. Maybe ten minutes." 

"Where shall we start? Up here, or down there?" Ann asked. Susan was certain: "Up here! I'm going to do it right at the railing, with some boys peeking up my skirt. They won't see anything, the sun is in my back. And I think I will do it right now." She turned towards the railing, and put both her hands on top of it. Oh no, not yet. She arranged her sweater and skirt, and brushed her hair out of her face. Always be representative, in case somebody might take a photo. Pity that she could not reach up her skirt to tightly pull up her panties now. She looked down at the boys, who still gathered there. Some of them were looking up alright. Susan smiled back and inconspicuously opened her legs a bit, just a bit, for a better effect. Jane appeared beside her, and took the same pose. More boys started looking up now. "Ready?" Susan asked. Jane nodded. "Yes. How long?"

"Not more than two or three seconds, otherwise it will start to drip." Susan took a deep breath. "I always liked this. Being naughty in my uniform without anybody knowing, and not even because I need to go bad. Just for the plain fun of it. It's thrilling to know that in a few moments I will be going in my panties with a whole crowd watching." Susan looked aside. "Do you like that, too?" Jane nodded. "I do, but I never tried it this way. Are you sure you can wet yourself without even the boys noticing?" Susan grinned: "We'll know in a second. Okay, here goes the representative cheerleader. Get ready... Go! Running... one... two... three... and stop!" Susan's hands firmly grasped the railing as the effect of her naughty game became apparent. She felt the warmth spreading in her crisp and dry panties and moving towards her ass. She was wet, now. Not really much, but enough to feel it. It was great. 

Jane was startled: "What? You did it? Already?" Incredulously she looked Susan over. Susan just hummed and enjoyed the proceeding movements under her skirt, where her cheerleader panties tried to stem the flood. Just before it would start running down her right leg, it stopped. Her panties had taken it all. "Yes, I've done it, Jane. I am wet alright, and not a little bit. It will show from nearby. Hey guys, look better!" Jane was impressed. "You are good! I wonder whether I can pee at all already. Let's try." She looked down her skirt and started to push. "No Jane, not like that. Let it come, don't force it. Relax, don't push. And don't look down, because that is silly." Susan let her right hand slide from her neck over her breast, down her side and her right leg. "Oh boy, do I feel sexy. I wonder what those guys down there think of me?" 

"Okay girls, success, we're going down to mix with the crowd," Ann announced while she and Diana headed for the stairs. Jane wished them good luck and tried to concentrate on her little game. Susan still hummed from pleasure and moved her hips slightly left and right to feel her wet panties against her skin. "It is so nice, Jane, wearing a wet uniform out in the open. Much nicer than a normal skirt, although that is nice as well. Do you like to wet under normal skirts?" Jane shook her head. "No. I don't have other skirts. I don't like wearing skirts at all, with the exception of my uniform of course." Susan turned her head: "You don't like to wear skirts? Why not?" Jane shrugged. "It's not my style. I like jeans better. Less fuss."

"Well, yes, but also less fun. With a skirt you can do lots of naughty things. A pair of jeans is far less interesting." Jane did not agree. "You cannot do things stealthily, no, but take my word for it, you can do very, very naughty things in a pair of jeans." 

Downstairs, Diana and Ann browsed around the stands a bit, without a real target. "Any idea how we could contribute to the charity fund?" Diana asked. "Not personally, I mean, but as a cheerleader squad?" Ann shrugged. "No. What can we do? They sell off old books, some new stuff donated by the local shops, and that's it." They walked on, approaching the stage. A man in his late thirties greeted them and shook hands. "Hello. My name is Howard, I'm the organizer of the auction. Thanks for coming. It's great to see some interest from the university as well." Diana smiled. "Thanks, but actually, we're a bit at a loss as how we can contribute."

"Oh, don't bother. Your presence is already supporting the event. But if you want to do something... can you do a performance on stage?" Diana and Ann looked disappointed. "No, we cannot. Our regular performances are not suitable for stages, and our new programme is not nearly ready for a show yet. Besides, it would not raise any significant money. We need a stunt, or such. Something that people will pay for to see it happen." Howard scratched his head. "Yeah right... good point." 

Ann blinked. Then she giggled. "Well... I know a stunt. It would raise probably more than all the other things together, but I doubt whether it would be approved by our university board." Diana looked aside. "What do you have in mind?"

"Eh... it's very silly."

"Never mind." Ann took a deep breath, and addressed Howard. "Okay, this is a stupid idea, but maybe we can find something like this. I was thinking of putting one of us on the stage, just like we are, and then having people buy cups of water. Each cup would cost five dollars." Howard frowned. "That's pretty expensive for a cup of water."

"I know, that is the intention. But then the one on stage must drink every cup offered to her. And she is not allowed to leave the stage, you see? During the auction, she stays there, and every time somebody plunks down five bucks, she drinks a cup." Diana grinned now. Howard started to see the point. "I see, I see... how long does she have to last?" Ann giggled. "There would be a tub on stage." Diana now split her sides, laughing. Howard laughed, too. "That would be a stunt, yes! I can imagine you or one of your friends uneasily walking back and forth over the stage, trying to hold. And then, when it becomes too difficult, stepping into the tub."

"And of course, from that moment on, every cup becomes ten dollars," Ann added. They laughed all three now. "It would raise lots, that's for sure. Would you really dare to stand in the tub and just wait until... well..." Ann nodded. "For the charity, I might. I would be kicked off the squad and off the university, probably. So I won't. But yeah, it's the type of stunt I would like to pull. Imagine me standing in the tub, getting so close to bursting that I decided to spread my legs to keep at least my shoes dry... it would be such a giveaway! Of course, when it finally happened nobody would really see anything because of my skirt, but it would be so embarrassing that we would raise a small fortune." 

Still hiccupping, Diana waved Ann's proposal away. "Very funny, Ann, but obviously out of the question. Too politically incorrect, I'm afraid."

"I agree," Howard nodded, "but oh boy, it would be all over the newspapers. If we announced it before, the local TV would be present, you bet."

"And the local cops, too," Ann pointed out. "It still would be considered absolutely out of line, no matter what charity."

"That's true. But wait a moment. Although getting yourself a wet uniform from, eh, down below, do you think people would object against you or one of your friends getting a wet uniform from above?" Diana raised her eyebrows. "Come with me for a moment, you'll see what I mean." 

Curiously, the two girls followed Howard to a place backstage, shielded from view by a van. There they saw a weird contraption, apparently built by a group of boy scouts. Wooden poles and ropes, a vertical fence with a small hole of about 20 centimeters in it, two buckets, and some pulleys and other mechanical things. Howard pointed out: "We borrowed this from the local scouting club. They used it for a summer camp. After the auction is over, we will put this thing on stage and then the big event of today will take place."

"Big event?" Diana inquired. "I'm sorry, but I did not at all read the programme." Howard grinned. "Three of our most popular teachers volunteered to stand here, under this bucket. People will throw balls at the fence, trying to get them through the hole. Every ball through the hole gets caught in the other bucket, and when it gets heavier, it will start pulling on this rope. When it's heavy enough, the top bucket will topple, and drop something on the teacher. It's always guaranteed to attract people." 

Ann's eyes widened. "Five bucks a ball?"

"Well, we thought we should ask one dollar at most."

"Yeah, for the teachers. Easy. But for one of us?" Now Howard scratched his head. "Are you serious? Because yes, we would ask at least five bucks. It would really get us some money." Diana mumbled something. Howard turned towards her. "Are you sure your university would approve this?" he asked. "After all, one of you gets drenched, although in a more, eh, respectable way."

"Hmmm... I don't know... at first I would say they wouldn't object, but if they do nonetheless, we're in trouble. Howard, can I use your mobile phone for a moment?"

"Yeah, sure." He handed his phone to Diana. She punched in a local number and turned away for a moment, covering her ears to hear the phone above the noise of the stage. Howard again asked Ann: "You would really dare this?" Ann replied: "I'm not saying that I would volunteer myself, but I'm pretty sure that Jane would. She's pretty enthusiastic when it comes to stunts." Ann looked up to the balcony, and saw that Susan and Jane were still teasing the boys. She waved, and soon Jane and Susan rushed down the stairs to see what was going on. 

Even before they arrived, Diana turned back. "I don't believe my ears, but they said it was alright providing that we use only plain, clear water and do not do anything that might lead to any form of moral complaints." Ann was at least as astounded. "They said yes? Gee, they must be in a very good mood. Usually they try to prevent any form of fun on campus."

"Yes, they agreed. Only one of us, though, and the others must show team spirit and all that jazz, and of course the price of one ball must be at least five dollars. Those pricks want to ensure that `our university raises the largest amount of money of the day.' Yeah right." Susan and Jane arrived now. Diana turned around. "Jane, do you want to stand on the stage and get a bucket of water all over you?"

"Eh? Come again?" 

An hour later, the third teacher took his place under the bucket and started teasing the crowd of mainly school kids in front of the stage. A hail blast of balls rumbled against the fence, and the bucket slowly filled up. Ann nudged Susan in her side. "Would you dare to do this?" Susan seemed not all too sure. "I don't think so. It's both embarrassing and daring, you need some kind of courage to do it. But people won't laugh at you, they will laugh at the situation, and actually consider your self-sacrifice an act of honor."

"In a sense I would have liked to stand there," Ann said, "because it would be a wonderful opportunity to go in my panties for real without being noticed."

"Don't you think that's my idea as well?" Jane joined in. "You bet, I'll go for it! Susan is good in sneaky leaking, but for me, a good full blast is still the best."

"How many balls does it take?" Diana asked. "About twenty. The bucket starts to move at eighteen, spilling some water, but not much. The nineteenth ball spills a lot more, enough to get your hair and back all wet. The twentieth ball makes the bucket topple over slowly, it takes about five seconds to drain itself. And then the shower head thing makes the shower last for about fifteen seconds." Susan remarked: "Jane is good in observation."

"Jane is good in calculating her opportunities," Ann added, "she now knows she can start peeing her panties after eighteen balls." 

"Would you be terribly offended if we also bought a few balls?" Diana asked Jane. "Of course not. Please keep them for the last five, or so, because it would be rather silly if I start dripping between my legs with nothing coming from above, if you know what I mean."

"They are at seventeen now," Ann warned. The teacher stopped making faces to the boys and kept an eye on the bucket behind the fence. It moved with every ball that dropped into it, and the crowd started cheering. Eighteen. Nothing. Nineteen. A gush of water spilled out of the bucket, ran down the gutter, and splashed on the teacher's head and back. The speaker asked for silence. "Now, who is going to throw the last ball? And hit the mark?" Several boys waved a ball over their heads: "Me! Me! Me!" A clear girl's voice sounded over the stage: "Can I do it?" Jane stepped forward. The speaker joined in: "Who of you boys is going to offer his ball to this lovely lady?" A forest of hands stretched out to Jane, who at random picked a ball, giggling. 

"Okay, here we go," she said, and turned around towards the fence. She eyeballed the distance to the hole and weighed the ball in her hand. Not easy. Most balls simply got thrown in the general direction, nobody really aimed. She bent over forward, swinging her right arm low a few times to get some feeling for the ballistics involved. Behind her, a kind of gasp came from the group of boys as her skirt rode up just enough. Jane stooped a bit further down, and tossed the ball towards the hole. Miss! The teacher sighed from relief, and the boys, too.

Another ball. Jane noticed some sort of excitement in the boys' eyes that had not much to do with their teacher being in a nasty position. This time, she carefully went through her right knee, bending over forward in concentration for a few seconds. "Make it a great shot," somebody yelled. "It already is," an unseen voice behind her replied. Some laughter. Jane ignored the noise and tossed again. Mark! The bucket slid down and the teacher closed his eyes, hearing the water pour into the gutter above him. Two seconds later, he got the shower, and accepted his fate. Jane stayed down in her aiming pose, as if she wanted to take in the effect of her throw in detail. 

When the shower stopped, a smart-ass in the audience pointed out that the bucket had not toppled completely. Alarmed, the teacher looked up. Indeed, there was still water in there. The crowd cheered, and yelled to Jane: "Again! Again!" Jane just smiled and got another ball. The boys held their breath. Would she...? To their amazement and excitement, they saw how Jane calmly spread her legs to get into a more stable pose, and then stooped down for the third time, even deeper than before. She could really feel a couple dozen of boy's eyes roaming over her red panties as her skirt rode up. Two swings, then a toss. Miss again! The teacher threw his hands up in despair, the boys now almost exploded. Next ball. Determined to get it over now, Jane aimed long and carefully, and made sure that quite some boys would sleep uneasily that night. When she tossed the ball, it was clear it was going to hit. The bucket rumbled down, the teacher got it all, and the boys almost fainted. 

The speaker came back. "Okay you all, thanks for the attendance. You all think this was it, right? Wrong! We have an extra item on the programme, that will definitely make you stay! By special agreement, and with a lot of courage, the last but most certainly not least volunteer to join our charity rally is not from our school. The volunteer is not one of your teachers, or staff. But the volunteer is present right here, and she will reveal herself now!" A rumble went through the crowd. She? Everybody looked around, looking for a female volunteer. Slowly all eyes started to drift towards Jane, who was still standing up front, beaming in the sunlight. When she finally stepped up the stairs to get onto the stage, the noise from the audience was incredible. A loud applause rolled over the schoolyard as Jane waved at them, then carefully took her place under the shower head. 

"Of course, you understand that this pretty lady would only contribute to our rally when the result of her sacrifice would be worth it. So, we increased the price per ball to five dollars. Yes, yes, it's a lot, but you know it is for a good purpose, and we are confident that you want to help us out." Ann and Diana saw that most of the boys up front looked only mildly disturbed, and reached deep into their pockets to get out the money. "It works," Diana smiled, "we'll raise a ton." Susan pulled at Diana's sleeve. "We might raise even more. Look." She pointed to the entry of the schoolyard, where a group of students had appeared. Diana's face turned green when she recognized them. "Oh no... those bastards! The board must have notified somebody on campus, and now they all come to look!"

"What's wrong with that, Diana?" Ann asked. "The more people, the more money, and the fact that Jane's going to get wet is no problem at all. It will earn her respect and admiration, not laughter." Diana was only halfly convinced. "You'll see that she ends up on the front page of the university newspaper. I'm not sure whether that was what I wanted." 

Ann walked towards the stand that sold the balls. "Need any help?" The woman selling the balls nodded: "Yes, please. I think your friend on stage will cause quite a stampede for balls. A couple of hands will come in very handy." Howard came back, carrying a crate with the balls collected from the stage. Soon, all three cheerleaders were selling off balls, and the cash box filled up quite fast. The lady even decided that team members made a better sales force, and left the whole stand to them. The first few balls now had been thrown at the fence, and Jane watched more or less amused how the bucket filled up slowly. After the fifteenth ball, she would take action.

Jane estimated that only one in five balls actually managed to get into the bucket, so that would make five times twenty times five dollars, was five hundred dollars. Not bad if the only thing you had to do for it was getting your uniform wet. Your whole uniform, of course. Suddenly somebody called her name. Surprised, Jane recognized some of her class mates in the audience. Oh, the university gossip network had already carried the message. Well, all the better. As more and more balls got thrown, they started to hit each other and even less got through. Great! 

Behind the stand, Ann had lost count of the number of balls she had sold, and now concentrated on something else. With the hectic business going on, she figured that nobody would actually look under the stand, which was covered by a long green sheet anyway. And the coffee started making an effect. "I think I'll be wet before Jane does," she said to Diana. Diana answered her without looking, busy exchanging balls for five dollar notes. "Go ahead, have fun. I might follow." Ann made sure she stood as close to the stand as possible, with her skirt touching the edge of the table top.

Susan handed her a plastic bottle with mineral water, smiling. "Thanks, Susan. I'm thirsty." Ann popped the cap off the bottle and took a swallow, then put the bottle down dangerously close to the edge of the table. She opened her legs as far as could be considered inconspicuous and put up her nicest smile to the customers a meter away. They could see the top of her skirt, but not even the yellow and red ribbons at the hem. Well, then she could open her legs a bit more. 

Susan and Diana saw how their teammate parted her legs to wet herself while still doing business. Susan decided to join in, and started to push to renew the wonderful feeling in her panties. Diana, however, wanted to make sure that Ann would not get discovered. She dropped a ball, and walked around the stand to pick it up. While she pulled up the sheet to reach for the ball, she stooped down deeply and put up a huge distraction.

Ann saw that the guy behind Diana almost could not restrain himself and would have grabbed in between Diana's legs if he had had more courage. Diana's show took only two seconds, but it was enough. With the ball in her hand now, she straightened her back and turned around. After selling the ball to the guy behind her, she decided to sit back on the table and conduct business from there. The up-front approach worked. With her sleek legs full in the face of the customers, she quickly attracted the major part of the sales and Ann could lean on the edge of the table with both hands, taking a break. 

This was even more fun. She parted her legs wider. Left of her, she could hear Susan count to three, gasping. So Susan was wet again. It helped relaxing her own muscles. No silly one-two-three for her. With the customers one meter away, she let it come. When it hit her panties, a hot flush washed down over her sensitive parts and instantly made her bottom glow. Her face glowed, too. Carefully but steadily, Ann let her whole bladder drain into her underwear, and felt the warm, wet feeling spread out.

The stream that dripped through splattered up from the tiles, and made little speckles on her calves. Ann was careful enough not to cause a real flood, but from behind the stand, Susan noticed that it would be terribly clear what she was doing if anybody looked. Fortunately a few cups of coffee did not make for enough warm comfort to last longer than fifteen seconds, and soon Ann also stopped dripping. Now for the difficult part, Susan knew. Getting your legs back together without causing a waterfall by squeezing your panties out. She reached over to the cash box and accidentally pushed against the water bottle with her right arm.

Ann saw it coming and timed her jump back, yelling "Watch out!" Of course Susan did not react, and toppled the bottle over the edge of the table. Ann acted as if she got hit by the splashes, and then quickly squatted down to save the bottle from draining completely. Calmly she clenched her thighs together and squeezed her soaked panties, sprinkling water over the tell-tale signs of her naughty game. "Everything okay, Ann? I'm so sorry." Susan asked. "Yeah, no problem. Just a few splashes on my shoes and legs. They will dry." Ann rose to her feet again and put the bottle back, still half full. "Do you also feel so excited?" she asked. "Yes," Susan nodded, "it must be the whole event. Never thought that selling balls would be so satisfying." Carefully guarding their secrets, they continued with their business. 

Diana hopped off the table top and left the business to Susan and Ann, while she walked towards the stage. Somebody had to support Jane after the bucket came down. She got a towel from a helpful person behind a nearby stand, and climbed up the stairs, quite aware of her short skirt. Smiling like a magician's assistant, she positioned herself left of the fence, while Jane was casually standing to the right of it. The bucket was about two-thirds full now. "About fourteen," she said to Jane. Jane nodded: "I know. Time for the show?"

"Yup. Have fun, go ahead."

"And you?"

"I'll find a way. Just have a go, it can't go wrong." Jane felt a tickle creep over her spine. This would probably be the most daring thing she had ever done, at least while wearing her uniform. Timing would be critical. She started to straighten out her sweater and skirt, looking up to the shower head. The public cheered when they saw that Jane anticipated the unavoidable. Style is everything, she said to herself. She would not go down like the teachers, but take it with pride. And what does a proud cheerleader look like? You got it.

After another look up, and an inspection of the bucket that was again a bit fuller, Jane faced the audience and took the most obvious show-off pose ever developed, sending the clear message "nobody messes with me, I can handle this way better than you can". She pushed her chest forward, spread her legs widely, put her hands on her hips and tossed her hair aside with a flick of her head. An applause roared up from the public, making her beam with pride, and even the speaker made a remark about her professional and courageous approach of the situation. Ha, professional approach? She looked at Diana. "Seventeen." 

That was enough. In about thirty seconds, maybe a bit longer, the bucket would topple and she would get drenched. It was a wild estimate, but it would have to do. Jane relaxed her muscles and summoned the water gods. They listened. Quickly they came closer to take this opportunity. Just before it would break through, Jane stemmed the tide and held it back, ready to go. "Eighteen," Diana yelled. The next ball would release at least some water. Okay then. Jane looked at the audience, four or five meters away. They would not notice something dripping down between her legs, because everybody now focused on the lower bucket. While a guy who looked like he could aim pretty well started to get ready for his toss, knowing that it would be an important one, Jane released her sphincter. She winked at Diana, who raised her thumb. A second later, she wet her pants. 

It did not stop. She was really peeing in her uniform panties now. Nobody could see anything, but it was very, very real. Under her short, white cheerleader skirt, her panties became dark red and soppy. Jane sighed from pleasure and was already quite wet when the guy took aim. Standing like this, right in front of a cheering audience in her favorite pose and wetting herself completely while the people on the first row looked up to her in full admiration almost made her faint. The guy tossed. Jane noticed the soggy feeling creeping down her bottom and reaching the lowest point, after which it would start falling down. She pushed and just went to the toilet in her panties, determined to get as wet as possible in no time at all. The ball went through the fence. Her panties ballooned under her skirt, the fabric not giving in so easily. Her whole crotch buzzed from delight as she wondered how long it would take for the water to hit her.

The bucket rumbled down, a splashing sound above her head. Jane closed her eyes and peed in her uniform panties as hard as she could. It was hot, hotter than ever, and she felt really in seventh heaven. Her underwear was full now, it had to give up. The first row could see in detail how Jane was doing a pee in her uniform, with her legs far apart, not even trying to stem the tide. This respectable cheerleader was wetting herself on purpose, there was no other explanation. The first row could see right up her skirt, they could notice the huge stain developing in her red panties, the stream falling down between her legs, the puddle on the stage, her face in ecstacy as she disgraced herself, her uniform, her squad. It would be all over the newspapers: "Cheerleader wets herself for charity", with her picture in full color on the front page, in full graphic detail. The first row could see it all, they could see how much she liked doing it in her uniform on purpose. 

They could. But they didn't. They all followed the water as it came down, through the gutter, through the shower head, down onto Jane who was waiting for the inevitable, keeping her pose to the millimeter. Only Diana noticed that Jane was heavily soaking herself way before the water hit. She saw the first drops falling down and developing into a clear stream when the water gushed out of the bucket. It was only a second, but Jane definitely was peeing in her skirt full blast with dozens of people watching her, and cheering to encourage her on top. It was weird, and excited Diana to no end. With a loud thunder, the shower head disgorged ten liters of water onto Jane in one blast, and covered up any evidence of other sources.

Jane got drenched in an instant, her hair and especially the back of her sweater taking most of the load. During the ten seconds the shower lasted, she had the unique experience of the chilly water coming from above while under her skirt her warm own comfort washed around in her panties, then dripped out to disappear without a trace in the quickly growing puddle. After the water had stopped falling, Jane was still not done wetting herself. She let it all flow out, opening her eyes now to see the reactions of the public. Standing like this, in her wetting pose and going in her uniform as blatantly obvious as possible right in front of the people, made her head buzz and made her forget the uncomfortable feeling of wearing a soaked sweater. 

Diana saw that Jane was still peeing in her panties, and calmly waited until it would be over. Her hair and sweater dripped enough to mask out anything falling down from areas that should not have been wet in the first place. Diana saw that Jane's skirt had stayed mostly dry, especially in the front, so wearing absolutely soaked panties would be a bit suspicious. But who would look up Jane's skirt now and notice the color difference? And wonder? No, Jane was as safe as she could be. Diana approached her teammate with the towel, and dried her face and hair. "Going nicely?" she asked. "You bet. Oh god I am so wet down there, it's incredible. But I'm done. Shall I quit posing?"

"Go ahead, squeeze your panties. It will be completely inconspicuous". Jane sighed from pleasure as she closed her legs and felt a few more gushes of warmth rolling down her thighs and calves. Taking over the towel from Diana, she fixed herself up a bit and then gracefully took in the applause from the audience, even making a bow. Diana did a quick peek. Obvious signature of having been very naughty, she noticed. Hard to explain, even to willing believers. As they both left the stage, she whispered to Jane: "When somebody asks, yes you wet yourself, fully, from the shock of the cold water, alright?" Jane nodded. "Okay. My skirt?"

"No, just panties, but very clear." 

The speaker took over, announcing the end of the events but not the end of the charity. "We are currently counting the money we raised today," he said, "and we will know in a minute. Would the squad captain of our most important contributor give us the honor of announcing the total amount?" Diana turned her head, surprised by this request. Well, why not? She nodded to the speaker, who relayed her agreement to the audience and thus ensured a tightly packed crowd in front of the stage.

Howard handed her a note: "Here's the amount. You girls did over seven hundred alone. Congratulations!" Quite surprised about this, Diana climbed up the stage again, studying the figures while leaving the image of her red panties firmly imprinted on the retinas of the first few rows of people. The privileges of the uniform, she grinned to herself, the privilege of not caring about modesty. How many other girls would get into no problems at all while being so blatantly exhibitionistic? The crowd applauded as Diana took the microphone and started the announcement, which indeed led to surprise among most of the audience. Way over a thousand dollars, a true record for the school. 

Howard pushed a green box onto the stage: "Here's the money. Would you hand it over to the representative of the organization we've worked for?" Diana nodded, walked towards the front edge of the stage and squatted to pick up the box. Talk about close-ups, she thought, as she let two lucky guys look between her open knees. Howard led a man with a dog onto the stage, taking great care not to make him stumble. The man was blind, and his dog guided him. Good charity, Diana thought, helping out the blind. She handed over the box and shook the man's hand.

As Howard took over the microphone and started to explain what could be done with the money they had raised, having the blind man fill in the details, Diana noticed the dog and it's friendly eyes. The animal begged to be caressed. She reached down to stroke its head, then squatted to get closer to the dog and say some nice words. While the two men chatted on about the charity, and with the dog in between her and the audience, Diana felt the events taking their own course. She did not make the decision consciously, it happened almost by itself. Almost. But only the dog could see how Diana's panties developed a dark patch in between her legs, how the stain spread down her cheeks, and how a glistening appeared over and in the red fabric. 

Diana panted twice as she realized what was happening. Caressing the dog, she halfly tried to stop herself from going beyond the leaking point, but it was no use. It was too good. Her body simply would not stop. With a sigh, she gave in to the wonderful feeling of naughty warmth up her skirt and unceremoniously did it in her pants. It was not much, but enough to make a small stream that ran over the stage, fortunately invisible among the various pools of water that were already present. She had plenty of time to get it all done, clench her thighs together to stop the dripping, and scratch the dog under its chin. Nobody noticed, not even Howard, although he was not two meters away. 

After Diana had graciously left the stage, now careful not to allow peekers to discover her secret, she joined up with the other girls of the squad. Jane looked a lot dryer already. "We just wrenched out her sweater," Susan explained, "the rest is not important." Ann nudged Diana in her side. "Was it good?" she asked with a wink. "You bet it was. God, doing it on a stage with people watching so nearby... I'm completely turned on!" Susan and Jane did not believe their ears. "You, eh, did it? Really? How much?"

"All of it," Diana smiled, "nothing less. I just went. I squatted down, and the next thing I know is that I am peeing my pants. Only the dog noticed, it had a first-class view. So I suppose we all four got our share today?" The three others nodded in agreement. "Oh yes, more than that," Jane answered. "I won't forget this for a long time."

"It still surprises me how easy it is, even with our mini skirts," Ann added. "Nobody expects it, you can do it almost without taking precautions."

"You're right. Almost none. One, two, three." Susan shuddered and shook her skirt. "Gee, it is so warm!" 

Laughing and giggling, they left for the campus, staying on back roads to get Jane home without attracting too much attention. But everybody was allowed to know how Jane got wet. It would be in the newspaper tomorrow anyway. "Cheerleader gets wet for charity". Not exactly the truth, but some journalistic freedom of the desk editor was to be expected. Maybe they could sell the whole inside story to the highest bid? "Cheerleaders get wet for fun". How would that be for a head line? 

