Arriving at the starting point for their weekend camping excursion, the highschool girls unloaded their backpacks and assembled at the trailhead. The youth group was newly assembled from a suburban area, and many of the girls had never been camping before. The leader, Ann Gerlow, had spent quite a bit of time and effort getting them ready for this adventure, including making sure their boots were broken in, and spending a couple of nights in their tents in her back yard, and she foresaw no trouble with this brief foray into the woods. They would hike about 5 miles, make camp for the night, and return the following day. The forecast was for excellent weather. All the girls had the necessary equipment. They were prepared. They formed into a single file, with the leader at the front and the assistant leader, a college student named Sue Baker, in the rear, and set off along the trail. From time to time the leader would lead them in a traditional hiking song, to boost their spirits and keep the pace steady. The trail was an easy one, with no steep slopes, leading through old forest. The girls enjoyed identifying different kinds of trees and plants, and spotting small animals (and one wide–eyed deer) that they encountered along the way. At about the halfway mark, Ann called a halt for rest and refreshment. The girls gratefully unsung their packs and sank down on the carpet of pine needles. They were in good shape, no blisters or chafes, and they chattered happily as they dug sandwiches and drink bottles out of their packs. "Remember, girls," the Sue Baker said, "Keep all the wrappers and such. No trash gets left behind!" "Mrs. G?" The leader looked down to see a shy redhead. "Yes, Sally?" "Where’s the bathroom?" "Wherever you want it to be, honey – just get far enough from us that we don’t smell it." "What? Pee outside? On the ground?" The girl’s eyebrows went up along with the pitch of her voice. "Sure, we’re in the woods. All animals do it, you know. There’s no environmental impact in that!" Ann thought the girl’s horror was fear of polluting the environment. "Not even," the girl exclaimed, "No way am I gonna pee right on the ground!" This was something the Ann hadn’t counted on. "Sally, it’s OK. It’s the way everyone ‘goes’ in the woods. If you don’t like the idea of just going on the ground, take one of the little shovels . . ." The girl was shaking her head emphatically. "Uh–uh! I’m not peeing outside, and that’s it!" She turned on her heel and returned to her pack to finish her sandwich. Ann noticed several other girls slipping away into the woods, and thought about suggesting one of them take Sally with her, but decided against it. She had encountered girls reluctant to pee outside before; they usually changed their mind when the need got urgent enough. Speaking of which . . . Ann grinned as she felt some pressure in her won bladder and slipped off herself. She found a tree and lowered her shorts. Lots of practice made it unnecessary for her to stoop. She opened her labias with two fingers, leaned back, and let fly on the tree, reflecting with amusement on the time as a teenager she had won a bet with some male Explorers over whether she could "water a tree" like they did. Lunch completed, the area policed, Ann called, "Mount up, girls!" and they formed back into their line to continue the hike. About half an hour later, Sue called for a halt from the rear of the line. Ann turned to see a couple of girls drop their packs and step away from the line, and they didn’t go far enough away to mask the sound. Ann noticed Sally fidgeting and stepped over to her, leaning over and asking her softly, "Why don’t you join them?" Sally’s eyes flashed. "I told you, no way! Leave me alone!" Holding up her hands in a conciliatory gesture, Ann returned to the head of the line to await the return of the ones who had needed the break. As they started off again, Ann heard a soft chanting behind her. "Sally’s gotta pee! Sally’s gotta pee!" "All right, no more of that," Ann called back over her shoulder. She started up a song, wondering how long Sally’s determination would last. They had all used the bathroom before they got into the cars, and it was about two hours drive to the starting point, then about an hour and a half to the lunch break, about another hour to the camp area. She shook her head. Ann herself had held her pee for six hours once, and probably could have lasted longer, but that had been on a bus ride, just sitting there, and she was pretty miserable when she finally got to a place with a decent rest room. Here, they were walking along, and soon they would cross a brook. The sound of running water wouldn’t make it any easier for Sally to continue. Then again, maybe she’d feel better about peeing in the water than on the ground. They approached the stream, and Ann called a halt. "We have to wade across, or step on rocks, so everyone find the way that’s best for you. We’ll line up again on the other side." She went to Sally and asked if she’d feel better about going in the water; and got the same curt response. The discomfort was clear on her face, and Jenny, one of the older girls, who had been aware of her plight, said encouragingly, that it was no big deal to pee outside. Then, to Ann’s surprise, the girl dropped her shorts to her knees, half–squatted, and peed in the water. At the distinctive trickling sound, Sally clamped her knees together and leaned forward, her eyes shooting daggers at Jenny. Just as Ann was about to scold Jenny for what she had done, another of the girls, Daphne, did the same thing. Clutching herself, Sally hobbled across the stream, went a way down the trail, and stood hunched, her back to the troop. In time, she apparently regained control and stood up straight, but still held her legs close together. Ann turned on the girls who had peed in front of her. "What in the world do you think you’re doing? "Mrs. G, we were trying to help," Daphne said defensively. "We know she has to go, and we were just showing her it’s nothing to be afraid of!" Jenny chimed in agreement, and from the looks of most of the girls, they agreed that the motivation had been charitable. "OK, but go easy on her. She’s shy anyway, and this is something she’s never run into before. I just hope she changes her mind before she gives out!" The other girls nodded, some giggled, and they started out again, Sally falling into the line as it passed. Ann didn’t know it, but some of the other girls were still teasing her quietly, making a show of holding themselves and making soft hissing noises Ann couldn’t hear. By the time they reached the clearing in which they planned to camp, Sally was walking almost completely from her knees, bent forward, eyes downcast. She was hardly aware of her surroundings, all her awareness overwhelmed by the throbbing, aching feeling of her distended bladder. It would be another 20 hours at least until they got back to civilization, she knew she couldn’t hold on that long, and yet . . . Around her, the other girls began to set up camp. Tents went up, a fire area was cleared, and food and cooking gear were broken out to prepare for dinner. One of the girls, pouring water into a pan to boil, made a point of holding the canteen high over it so the pouring sound was loud and clear. The sound cut through the fog of Sally’s awareness and she felt he sphincter start to relax. Whimpering, she clamped her hands over her crotch and bit her lip. She was hardly aware of Ann and Sue taking her arms and almost carrying her to the woods, but she was so "clamped up" that their efforts to lower her shorts were to no avail. She let out a sob as despite her best efforts, her urethra opened and sent first a trickle, then a stream, then a gush of pee into her panties, soaking them and her shorts. "Spread your feet, save your boots!" Sally heard Ann’s admonition in time to move her feet apart. The stream cascaded from the crotch of her shorts, only a couple of thin streams running down her legs, to be absorbed by her thick socks. Despite the humiliation of wetting her pants, the feeling of relief was so profound that she moaned in an almost orgasmic way as the pressure that had pervaded her awareness was relieved. She opened her eyes and blinked. Ann and Sue were standing beside her, supporting her. She blushed beet–red. "Take it easy, Sally. It’s only us, and we won’t tell anyone . . . not even your mom. You’ve got other clothes in your pack, so you won’t have to stay like this. Here. Let’s get it off you!" Sally was surprised to realize that she still had the knapsack on her back. She slipped her arms out of the straps as Ann and Sue lifted it off her and set it down. Ann pulled a roll of paper from it. "Move away from there, get out of those shorts and socks, wipe up, and put fresh ones on. We’ll help you rinse those out so they won’t stink. You’ll be OK. And now you’ve peed outside, it shouldn’t be a problem from now on, right?" "I dunno," Sally murmured. "Maybe." The leaders left her to clean up. But as she cleaned herself up and put on the dry clothes, she felt strangely triumphant. Captain Red