This story was told to me by a friend who attends a small college of about 1200 students: I lived in the biggest dorm of all of them. It was an all female dorm and there were 50 of us living there. It was the oldest dorm on campus and originally the only one. Since it had been built for far fewer students many rooms had been converted into living quarters, leaving only one toilet for all 50 of us.
Weekday mornings were the worst. I would wake up with that full feeling in my bladder just bursting to go, never knowing how long the line at the toilet would be. It was unfortunately in the same room as the shower, which made waiting times even longer since girls would go in there and shower and pee and brush every morning.
One night I came home drunk and fell right asleep. I woke up the next morning around 9AM needing a pee worse than ever, having had drunk so much the night before without a trip to the bathroom. I clenched my pussy tightly and ran out of my room, not even realizing that I had taken off my pants and shirt the night before in the heat. All I was wearing was a pair of tight panties and a bra. I was bent over clenching as hard as I possibly could while running to the toilet.
I ran over to the toilet and saw about 7 girls on line and heard one in the shower. I pleaded with the girls in front of me if I could pass them in line, "PLEEEEZE!!! I HAFTA PEEEE SOOOO BAD!!!" They responded, "Yea and so do all of us!!" There was no way I was going to make it long enough to wait for all these girls to pee.
I ran out of my dorm, despite the way i was dressed and ran over to my boyfriend's dorm. The main doors were locked as they always were so I yelled up to his room and he came down to open the door for me. He was shocked at the way I was dressed and I ran up passed him. All the guys in the dorm were staring at me, but I didn't care. All I wanted to do was pee.
Girls weren't supposed to use the guys' bathrooms and to be honest I didn't even know where they were. I ran through the dorm aimlessly, half–naked with my hand jammed in my pussy for a couple of minutes desperately seeking a place to relieve myself.
JoeJoe