You know how there are people out to get you, even when you haven't done anything to them? That was what it was like for Clara Birks. It was her first year in the sorority, and she wanted to make a good impression on the girls. Clara was about 5'5, 105 lbs, with brown hair and brown eyes. She was merely average. So why did Amanda Poole hate her so much? Some think it was because when attending the initiation, Amanda wet herself in fear, and mistook Clara's laughter at her friends for laughter at Amanda's embarrassing accident. Who knows, but after that night, Amanda had regained her dignity by cliquing up in her rich circle of friends. Amanda soon became the ringleader of the popular crowd of 5. There was Kali, the biggish busty bitch who wasn't really that attractive, but still had attractive boyfriends, Emily the tall slender quiet one, who gave acid looks, and claimed to be a model. Britney was the tough one, who dressed provocatively and talked tough, and finally Mallery, the petite princess who always got to stand on the top of the pyramid when they practiced cheerleading stunts.
ANYWAY– Clara had settled into a safe group of friends who were mainly into studying, casual drinking, and volunteering. Clara's friends were dependable and worth keeping in touch with. Amanda wanted to break Clara down. Over the months, She would give Clara horribly dirty looks, spread rumors about Clara, and bump shoulders with her between classes, causing her to spill her books. Clara tried not to let it get to her. "Amanda's just not ready for the real world, and still has to resort to her high school–like communication skills. Her popular girl act just won't cut it in the working world. She obviously feels intimidated by me, because I have it so together. Frankly I almost feel sorry for the bitch." Clara explained to her friends. Unfortunately Emily was listening and reported the conversation to Amanda, with a few stretched–story details. "What a cunt!" Amanda hissed– and she began to plan her revenge.
The annual sorority New Year's party was coming up, and the Male Fraternity was coming over to the sorority for the party. Because the buildings were so close to each other and the campus, the Directors of the buildings scheduled most holidays to be hosted at either outlet to promote togetherness. As a result, most girls from the sorority chose to date guys from the fraternity. It just so happened that Amanda was currently dating Jeff Teray, the most popular guy there, while Clara was dating Neil Barkman, a cute young man from England, who also attended Jeff's frat. Everyone was having a great time down in the lounging room, the biggest room in the house. Everyone except Amanda's crew, that is. They were waiting in the spare room upstairs. Amanda had got Jeff to feign a note from Neil asking Clara to meet him upstairs (in the spare room) wearing the tightest and most faded pair of blue jeans she owned. Clara was a little surprised by this request, but agreed, not knowing why he wanted her to wear this specific pair of pants. When she arrived she was blindfolded and held down by 4 people, while one of them secured her arms and legs to a headboard. She was shaped like a starfish, her arms pulled at the sides, and legs spread apart, with a clear view of her crotch. The blindfold was then removed. Clara viewed the room. The four girls from Amanda's gang were jeering their pretty faces at her. Mallery and Kali snickered, Britney glared, and Emily wound up her camera. Amanda parted the crowd carrying a cooler in one hand and a binder in the other.
"Why, hello Clara. How nice of you to stop by to our New Year's Par–tay. I hear you've been talking about me behind my back. Is this true?" Amanda asked sinisterly.
"I didn't say anything that wasn't true. Now let me go." Clara wouldn't admit it, but She needed to pee badly, and would rather die than have an accident in front of THESE girls.
"Well that wouldn't be very fun. See, I have a little game to play. Its called, "you drink what we give you, until something happens."
Amanda grinned.
"And if I won't drink the shit you try to pour down my throat?" Clara challenged.
"See this binder? Do you recognize it? It has everything you learned, wrote, and studied all year long. All your notes, essays, work. It gets burned." Amanda explained.
Clara turned pale. She would have to take all her courses over again– it would be so expensive...
"FINE! But I swear..." Clara stopped. Better not threaten Amanda while she still had the binder.
"Ok, open wide." The girls took turns force–feeding Clara drinks.
They gave her 2 cups of tea, 4 tall glasses of ice water, ice tea, diuretic juice, and one beer to loosen up her mind and muscles. After a mere hour, Clara was at the peak of desperation. Her mind ached, her bladder bulged, and her muscles were sore from being clenched so hard for so long. The jeans she was wearing were really, really tight, and to make matters worse, Britney and Kali held down Clara's legs while Amanda fastened a belt around her pants, making them even tighter. When she was getting up, Amanda's elbow slipped and landed on Clara's bladder. Clara gasped as a little bit of piss squirted out, soaked through her panties and made a little itty– bitty patch on her crotch.
"Ew! Ew! She peed! Look!" Mallery screamed and pointed to Clara's crotch. Clara bit her lip as the girls peered at the wet spot.
"She pisses when you touch her lower stomach, watch. Brit! Get the video camera, and Emily take a picture of her crotch."
Amanda approached Clara and smiled. "Look how fat she is now. Look at the little fatty. Maybe we can push her fat little tummy in and make her thin..." Amanda pressed down. Clara's muscles overpowered her desperation.
"NO!" Clara shouted. The girls laughed loudly at Clara. They were obviously a little bit tipsy themselves.
"Oh shit, now I've got to piss, I'll be right back." When Amanda returned, she was holding 2 cups. One was full of water. Amanda whispered something to the girls. Britney turned on the video camera, and Emily got in position. Kali stood on one side of Clara, and Mallery stood on the other. Amanda motioned for every one to be quiet, and poured the cup of water into the other cup, then poured it back. She poured slowly, and loudly, again and again. Then Kali and Mallery started to chant, "She's going to piss her pants! She's going to wet the bed! She's going to pee! She's going to piss her pants! She's going to wet the bed! She is going to pee!"
They got louder and louder. The repeated the words, "She's going to piss her pants! She's going to wet the bed! She's going to pee!" Clara could take it no longer. Her bladder gave way. The amber liquid flowed past the pre–dampened panties with ease, flooding down past the damp patch of her once dry jeans. The little wet spot grew. It spread like a broken damn, wetting her jeans, and wetting the bed. Clara was humiliated, yet relieved. She could see her pants, and was ashamed. The girls exploded in cheers, then yelled as a group, "Baby Piss Pants! Baby Piss Pants!" Amanda screamed, " What's the matter Bitch? Couldn't wait to find a toilet? What are you, three? That's so fucking gross!" Suddenly Amanda awoke.
Her sheets were wet, and her panties were wet. She had wet the bed. She had wet the bed while wearing Jeff's football jersey. She had wet the bed with Jeff inside of it.
"What the fuck is this, Amanda?" Jeff yelled as he jumped up and out of bed. "What did you do? Did you wet the bed or something?" He demanded.
"Jeff baby, I'm sorry, I had a dream..." Amanda pleaded.
"It's ok, it's ok– it is actually kinda hot." He said calming down. "There are two conditions for me to forgive you. You have to tell me about the dream you had that caused this, and you have to wear an adult diaper while you tell it to me.
And that was the end of that.
By: Ally B.