Hi there, I wanted to tell you about my experience in the park yesterday. Now I really like to pee myself, even in public occasionally, but I am usually prepared – like I have a spare pair of panties at work or in my handbag. But today was different. I like to walk in the park sometimes at lunch to keep in shape. I was doing my usual, wearing a pair of short black tights (which show my butt nicely) and a drab grey shirt. I had taken an hour for lunch so I could do a slightly longer walk, feeling a little guilty for all the chocolate I had eaten the day before – I like the fact both guys and girls look twice at me sometimes, and don't want to lose that! Well, I was kind of busting to pee, but I persisted on, knowing that in the middle of the botanical gardens there is a toilet – I walk along the waterfront, around the gardens and back to work. Well, as I got there, a sign was up 'closed for maintenance' – on the girls' only! Shit! I was by now in a little pain, and I knew that I didn't really have long – and there was no way I would make it back to work. I decided to try for the Meyer center – about 3 blocks away (the only other choice was the guys, but I couldn't bring myself to go there). Even before I got out of the park a little spurt came out of me – but I kept going. By the end of the first block I knew I would not make it, so I went back to the park, hoping to find a quiet spot – the only problem was it was lunch hour and it was a little warmer than the past few days, so there were plenty of people hanging around! I headed for a semi–quiet spot I knew, but there were two couples making out on the grass, and no chance. By now, I was getting a little dribble each step, my pants were soaked and it was starting to run down my leg – and I was still in pain! at least it didn't show too much on the black (but I could sure feel every drip). I then headed for the "hill" where heaps of people go to sun bake – it was my last chance. I found a spot which was about 10 meters from anyone else, about the quietest it was going to be – laid on the grass, spread my legs and let it go. It felt so good to pee, and I was becoming turned on because I was in public – but was a little worried knowing I would have to go back to work in soaked pants before I could change (and I had no spare panties anyway – only my work skirt). I shut my eyes and let it all go, and when I was done opened them – only to see a girl standing about 3 meters away, staring at my crotch! she could obviously see my pee gushing out – when she saw me look, she went all red and rushed away... And that was my lunch hour – peeing in the public park, with a girl watching me! I waited until after lunch was over, and managed to get a lift back to my floor with only one other girl in it – who looked at me funny and then got off. So I made it, and it was probably the most exciting pee I have ever had.
Love Jenny