Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Masturbation, Foreplay, and Sex.
The next day my parents were going to a wine shop to get estimates on the worth of the wine. They were going with my grandparents and were planning on making a day out of it. I stayed behind and went into the secret area. When I was in the cellar I heard the doorbell and it was Monica. I opened the door from the inside and told her to come in through my living room. When she was with me she asked me why I wanted her to come in that way. I told her I didn't want anyone to find out about this secret place, so as few doors as we needed had to be used. The only door that opened inwards was my room; the others opened outwards and were bound to show after some time. Monica agreed and asked what I was doing. I told her I was going to clean it a bit in here so we could make a secret clubhouse out of it or so. We started with the bed. The mattress was ruined and so were the sheets, but the casing was still intact. I knew there was an old mattress in the storage room on my floor and it could fit. The only problem was how to get it there. We looked and decided the best way to get it down here was to go through the secret garden entrance. We brought the ruined mattress to a throw away pile I had made, as well as the blankets, and then brought the new mattress down. It was still rapped in plastic, the way the movers did to prevent stains, and we decided to leave it around it. That way it was protected against the dampness. Monica had brought some synthetic blankets and we put them over the mattress. This way we had a secret bed. I had bought a broom and we cleaned the floor. When we had done all this I had to pee. I told Monica I was going to the toilet when she stopped me. Why not piss your panties. The piss will go through the stones and there will be no smell or stain. We can make it a rule. When you're here, you've got to go in your pants when you need to go. The only exception is if you have to go soon and will get caught. I told her another exception had to be shitting. I wasn't going to shit in my pants. Monica said she meant that all along, and we agreed. We both pissed our pants and Monica started to massage her crotch to cum. I did the same until suddenly Monica started to take her clothes off. When she was nude she lay down on the bed and started to masturbate for real. She even put her fingers in her vagina. I got so hot I undressed as well and lay down next to her to masturbate myself. Suddenly Monica turned around and started to lick my slit. I didn't know how I should react until she licked my clit. I came like I never came and wanted to return the favour. I licked Monica until she came as well. After that we were lying on the bed nude for a while, caressing each other, until Monica asked me if I wanted to try 69. I was scared, but intrigued and we did it. I had a few orgasms like never before, and finally we were too tired to go on. We dressed again and decided to watch some TV.
Caroline came over the next day and we decided to play a card game. We were having a good time when Monica came along. She joined our game and we started to talk. Caroline had gone to the movies two days ago, and yesterday she had gone over to the house of friends of her parents. When she was there she had been playing a game with their daughter and a few of her friends when one of them needed to pee. They were outside, out of sight of the house, and the game was very exciting. When the friend announced she had to pee, she was told they weren't going to wait for her and she was out of the game if she was gone too long. They all knew she couldn't be back for her turn, so she stayed. After a while she started to plead with them to let her go because she had to go so bad. They said she could go whenever she wanted, but she was out of the game if she was gone too long. She started to beg, but played her turn, saying she was going to wet herself soon if she couldn't go. Caroline proposed they either let her go and go themselves now, or all pee their pants, there and then. Most of the girls were grossed out by it, and wanted to go, but a few didn't give in. Finally the girl who had to go so bad told Caroline she'd better do it to and pissed her pants. She was wearing light red jeans and her jeans got dark red where her urine soaked through. Caroline then pissed her blue jeans as well, and one by one the other girls pissed their pants as well. Finally three girls hadn't done it; including the girl Caroline was with, and the others started to call them chickens and dared them to do it too. One girl stood up, pissed her jeans and sat down. The other two still hadn't done it. One of them stood up and said she was going to go home instead of spending any more time with babies and when she was gone the girl Caroline was with was the only one in dry pants. Without getting up she spread her legs and let it flow through her pants. When the game was over, and the other girls had gone home she told Monica she was a lesbian and was in love with the girl who left. She wanted to pee her pants badly, but didn't want to look like a baby in front of this girl. They had peed in their pants a while ago accidentally and she had been disgusted over it ever since. But when she left Caroline's friend just went for it for it felt good to do it. 
After that she asked us what we had been up to. I told her we could only tell her on two conditions. One: she could never, ever, tell anyone and two she had to completely piss her jeans first. She agreed and went home to change into jeans. We went into the secret area and waited. She came to our house and I opened the door from there. She shut the door behind her and went in. We had left her a note telling her she had to go to the second floor. She did, and we had pinned up a note with an arrow on it pointing to my living room. She went in and found our note telling her that she had to pee her pants now. She peed her pants and when she was done I opened the wall. She couldn't believe what it was that she saw– a secret room in the house. We showed her around and finally went to the cellar. She walked around in amazement and agreed this had to remain a close guarded secret. We told her about the peeing rule and she thought it to be a good idea. She then proposed that we take some clothes into here so we can change into something better to wet in if we wanted to stay looking decent. She had an extra dresser and her parents were going to be away the next day. If my parents were out as well then, we could bring the closet over. My parents were going to a birthday party the next day; just like Caroline's parents, so we could bring the dresser in. We would buy a few plastic covers so the dry clothes wouldn't get damp if it was wet weather, and a wash line to dry wet clothes. We made some more plans, and finally Caroline had to go. Monica said she had to go soon too, but wanted to pee her panties first, so spread her legs and let it flow through. I peed my panties as well, and then we started licking each other out when Caroline came back. She watched us cum, and then told us to never do that without her again. To make up we both licked her to an orgasm of her own. 
When I got up the next morning I decided to go into the secret area and check up on my parents. I tried to be as silent as I could and opened a peephole as carefully as I could. I didn't expect to see what I really saw. My mother was wearing light red leggings and acting like she really had to go to the toilet. My father was watching fascinated, and suddenly my mother was pissing herself. I heard them both moan things like 'oh yes', and 'finally' and when my mother finished peeing herself my father threw himself on her. Before I realised what happened he had her leggings down and penetrated her. I went back to my room, knowing my parents liked peeing as well and were fucking like rabbits now. I peed my panties a bit and made myself cum twice before I went for a shower. I told my friends what I saw and they had to laugh about it. It apparently ran in the family. My parents liked it, I liked it and my niece liked it. We went to the mall and bought the plastic bags and the wash–line. After that we went to a cheap shop and bought a few leggings, they were tight and would show wetness well, and we bought some T–shirts, or pee–shirts as we liked to call them. We met two girls I didn't know but were friends of Monica and Caroline. I was introduced to them and not long after we were chatting away. They wanted to know what we bought and checked our bags. They didn't understand why we bought these clothes and we giggled a bit about it. They insisted they wanted to know what it was for and we made them an offer. They could buy some of these clothes for themselves and put them on. They had to obey us in every way and we would tell them. They agreed and came back about ten minutes later. Amy had bought light gray leggings with a tight T–shirt and Kate bought light green knee length leggings and a low cut, tight T–shirt. We walked around the mall and drank some cola until Amy said she had to go to the toilet. We asked her if she needed to pee and she said she did. Kate had to pee as well, so we decided to take a chance. We told them they could pee now and they wanted to go to the toilet. We stopped them and they were confused.
Amy asked why we stopped her if she could go, but Kate started to laugh all of a sudden. "No, you don't mean? You do, don't you? Now these leggings make sense, it shows well, doesn't it?" "What? Do you understand?"
"Amy, they want us to pee our pants!
Caroline told them to do it but Kate had her doubts. Amy said there was no way in hell she was going to piss her leggings and we were all perverted for even thinking about such a disgusting thing. She walked away without looking back, but Kate remained behind. "You bought these leggings to pee in, then it must be something nice, yes? I'm always in the mood for something nice, but this is a bit strange, goes a bit far, don't you agree?"
Amy came back, fidgeting a bit. "Are you coming Kate, or are you going to stay and piss yourself like a little baby?" I quickly told them it was part of an initiation ritual to a secret club, nothing more. We just wanted to be sure they were able to do it if we brought them along. Amy said she wasn't going to pee her pants for a million dollar, let alone for a club, and asked Kate once more if she wanted to come along. Kate told her she'd better get to the toilets before she had an accident from watching her pee her leggings.
Yess!!! Kate would pee her pants in front of us. Suddenly Amy bent over and moaned in pain. "Shit I've waited too long, I can't hold it! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" At that last fuck I saw a stain erupting from her pants and she was peeing herself full force. Kate just spread her legs and peed her leggings as well. I kept a close eye on the both of them and saw Kate have an orgasm. When they finished peeing themselves Amy collapsed on the ground moaning. "Now you've done it. I've peed my pants again! Just after I got off this addiction, you've got me hooked again. Damn, if my mom finds out I've started peeing my pants again she'll take me to a Doctor and she'll find out I do it for fun! Damn." Kate looked perplexed. "You seemed so grossed out by the idea of peeing yourself, and now you say you are hooked? What's that all about?" I told Kate I thought she had had an orgasm and she knew what hooked Amy, for she had several orgasms if I wasn't mistaken. They both admitted that they had the orgasms that I knew they experienced. They changed back into their skirts and I took their leggings. I told them to come over to my house in two days at half past two and I would give them their leggings back then. They had to come wearing light jeans and had to pee. When I told them where to go they agreed and went on their way, as did we. When we got in my house I dared Monica and Caroline to change into their leggings, wet them and then go get the dresser from Caroline's place. It wasn't a real challenge, for we wanted to pee ourselves and there was no one at home in either of our houses. We changed, peed our pants, masturbated each other and went for the dresser. When we had installed everything in our secret basement we decided the club was now big enough. The more people knew about the secret place, the more chance there was of someone finding out. For that reason we decided we should block the exits into the garden and the forest so no one could enter the house from there. Everything was ready here now. We got some games out of my room, so we could play and some comics to read. Finally Monica told us she had one more thing for the club. She opened her bag and got a vibrator and three thick dildos out of her bag. I wanted to test them out and we had a hot and wet half hour. After that we decided to dress and get back into the house. We were just in time, for about ten minutes later my parents got home. 
By: JJ