As promised, here's my next posting in the "Sarah" series. I've researched this carefully this evening and the timings seem about right. I was loading the washing machine after 90 minutes this evening, but I already had a cup of tea and a beer inside me when I started. Read on – you'll see what I'm going on about!
Once again, this is pure fantasy, sadly there is no Sarah, and all events are fictitious.
After our experiences on the beach, I couldn't wait to find out what Sarah had in mind for a holding on contest. I had to wait until we got home, because she said what she had planned would be far too messy to contemplate in the B&B we had been staying at in Cornwall.
The following weekend she outlined the "rules." First, we had to pee at the same time so we both started with completely empty bladders. Second, we would drink half a liter of water every fifteen minutes and refill the bottles from the sink immediately after each drink. Third, we weren't allowed to touch ourselves for the first two hours, so no holding on or pressing pee–holes. After that, anything was OK and the first person to pee would lose and have to pay a forfeit to be decided before the contest started. That all sounded fine to me, and as a forfeit I said that I wanted to pee in her knickers while she was still wearing them – Sarah wanted me to perform oral sex on her while she peed on my face. When we thought about those, neither of them sounded exactly like a forfeit, so we decided in the end that the winner could decide what happened next.
Just before mid–day we both went to the loo and got the first half liter of water. "Here goes," said Sarah as she downed the drink and I followed suit immediately after, both of us refilling the water bottles from the sink in the kitchen. And that was the pattern for the next ninety minutes – drinking water followed by sitting around chatting followed by more drinking. After ninety minutes though I was noticing my rapidly filling bladder, in particular the strain when I stood up to refill the bottle! Sarah also seemed to be doing a mini pee dance when she visited the sink, so I guessed that she was in some discomfort too. After another fifteen minutes the pressure was actually quite severe but I was being good and not touching or holding anything, even though I badly needed to. Sarah hobbled to the sink with her legs tightly clamped together, but also managed not to grab at anything. We decided to stay in the kitchen after that fill – the vinyl floor promised a much easier cleanup than the living room carpet.
The two–hour mark arrived, and we had agreed that the no–holds rule applied until the water bottles had been refilled. We both drained the water and got up off the floor, hobbling painfully to the sink. I got there first (just!) and hurried to fill the bottle. Sarah was squirming desperately behind me holding her empty container – "hurry please – I've got to hold myself or I'm going to lose it right here." I thought about filling the bottle really slowly, but realized how badly that would make me want to pee, and I really had to grab something soon. The moment the water slopped over the neck of the bottle I grabbed my penis, and backed away from the sink. Sarah rammed her empty bottle under the still running tap – "come on, come on" she was gasping as she hopped from one foot to the other. Then her bottle was full, and her hand was rammed into her crotch as though her life depended on it, "Oh no, not now, not yet," she moaned as she kneaded away between her legs– this was helping me no end, as my penis swelled in my trousers cutting off almost any likelihood of me peeing myself. "You OK?" I asked, "Still dry?"
"Just" was the reply. "God, that was a close thing."
We sat back on the floor, me holding on to my penis through my trousers, Sarah with her right hand firmly wedged between her legs. I honestly don't know how I survived the next fifteen minutes – it was torture. I switched from holding through my trousers to actually having my hand down the waistband of my underpants and I had to undo my trousers to do that because my bladder was like a football by now. I'd also lost my erection – I just had to pee so badly it had dwindled away to nothing. Sarah had also switched tactics – her skirt was bunched up round her waist and her hand was down the front of knickers. I could clearly see her rubbing a finger up and down, occasionally stopping to press hard on her pee–hole.
The time came for another half liter of water. That was fine, but I had no idea how I was going to stand up to refill the bottle – I really didn't. I shuffled around to a kneeling position, and then tried to push up off the floor with my free hand. At the same time, Sarah was edging backwards up to a kitchen unit, I think with the intention of pushing herself up to a standing position that way. Then it happened – I felt a rush of pee heading for the outside world and clamped down as hard as I could with my muscles – too late! A jet of pee squirted out, but I had such a tight hold of my penis that all I succeeded in doing was inflating my foreskin with pee. I was sure I couldn't get to a standing position without losing it now, and I was just about to resign myself to losing the contest when Sarah said "Oh no," in a small voice. I looked across and could see a rapidly expanding wet patch on her knickers which soon started to sag and leak. She was in a sort of half–squat by now and her pee poured through her pants in two or three streams onto the floor, making a huge and rapidly expanding puddle.
I was still holding on – just – and as Sarah's flow ebbed away she said, "If you're going to pee in my knickers, now is as good a time as any!" I didn't need a second invitation! I released the pee I had trapped into my pants and hurriedly struggled to my feet, undoing my trousers as I did so. Sarah was already standing, holding her skirt clear and as I got close she pulled at the leg elastic of her knickers making a gap, which I gratefully pushed my penis into. She snapped the elastic shut and I let go, adding my pee to her already soaked underwear and the huge pool on the floor. I was in heaven and as my flow died away my erection returned and I did the only decent thing, removing her wet knickers altogether and lowering her gently to the kitchen floor.
By: Derbyshire Pee Lover