Impromptu Volume Hold
	(22-25 year old woman)
Posted by wriggling on August 9th, 2010 at 10:02AM

The advice I have been given for a volume hod is:

Find a distraction

Drink water, avoid caffeine, citrus drinks and alcohol

Wear loose fitting clothes

Keep warm and comfortable

Well, my curent situation would be that I just got sent home early from work due to burst water pipes. I haven't peed since last night around 11pm. 

So far I have drunk water, orange juice (oops) and coffee (oops).

I spent most of the day in tight work trousers (oops) and unble to focus on much else than my bladder (oops) and got stuck in a nice traffic jam where it was frezing cold, thanks to leaving my jacket at work, and raining (oops).

So now I'm at about my limit. I've change into a long t shirt (loose fitting clothes, check) and am warm and comfortable (well, as much as possible under the circumstances) and am writing this (distraction, check) and drinking water (check).

My plans for a volume hold were to be much more prepared, nd well laid out, but an early finish frm work seemed far too good an opportunity to pass up ... despte the fact I am nw sat here wriggling like anything and will probably end up peeing about 20ml. Oh well, I will at least then have something to improve on next time!

Now, forgive me, but I must excuse myself before I make a mess of my computer chair. I will update with results in due course!

------------

Update!

I've taken some pictures to 'tell my story' but I figured I'd give you more details here too. 

Well as you know from the above, I came home from work needing to pee desperately (and in all the wrong circumstances for a volume hold, according to other EPer's advice :P)

I wrote this entry to make myself last a little longer, and then attempted to drink another bottle of water. I only got about half way through it before my bladder couldn't take anymore. I lay on the floor to take a picture of my stomach, to see if my bladder stuck out at all, and getting up was the worst pain ever! I thought I was going to pee right there and then.

I got my jug and got into the bath (dancing rather a lot ... not an easy task :-P) and released. It was awesome!!

However, I underestimated myself! I was filling the half litre jug rather rapidly..

As my pee neared the rim, I just kept thinking. Nahh, I'll stop any second now. But as you can see from my photos... I had something of an overflow! Thank God I chose to use the bath and not my bedroom floor!

So I had to cut off mid-pee (depriving me of my relief, damn you, small jug!), grabbed a towel, sprinted downstairs, got another jug, got back in the bath and released the rest!

I peed half a litre (the first jug) and 550ml in the second. If I add on the spill I'd say I peed about 1100ml :) Not bad for a first attempt, I think!

So, with a capacity of that in unsuitable circumstances, I'm quite looking forward to actually following the advice next time and seeing how far I can stretch my bladder :-)

