Title: Picture Perfect Piss
	Entry to: Month 8, published 30/08/97.
By: Fluidity

Thomas, I told you that lovely blonde would inspire me, Well, here it is. I hope you enjoy it. I have enjoyed creating it. ...Fluidity 

###

Picture Perfect Piss inspired by the picture below (removed) "Watch out for that tripod, Sherry!" Fred reached over and held the tripod steady as I stepped around it and sat on the couch. It was sort of strange sitting here with all this activity going on wearing nary a stitch of clothes while Fred and Henry, his best friend, got all the camera equipment set up. I took another five or six full gulps from the bottle of Perrier which I was quickly emptying.

I threw back my head to get the hair out of my eyes and saw the two 35mm cameras, both on their tripods, aimed straight at me. It was terribly exciting to think of myself as the object of all this attention. I knew that Fred adored me and showered me with compliments whenever we were alone; I felt so special with him that it was easy to agree to this wild scheme. He loved watching me whiz and wanted to get a great photo of my doing just that. He convinced me that Henry knew far more than he did about cameras and lighting and would be a good cameraman for the shoot.

We had known Henry as long as Fred and I had been dating but it was a big leap to walk around in the nude in front of him. "He's a professional. Don't think anything about it," Fred told me. I knew that Henry was a professional attorney, but I found it difficult to make that leap to where Henry had the professional objectivity to watch me with nothing on. Now I know that I'm haven't the greatest body in the world, but it is pretty slender. Fred loves it. I do come up pretty short in the boob contest, though. Nature just didn't give me much to show off there, though Fred tells me that my breasts are the most beautiful he has ever seen. He seems to have some crazy notion that I'm more sensitive or something; I can't seem to make sense of it, but he's happy, so I certainly am.

God knows where I'd find another man to make such a fuss over tittys as small as mine. "Sit up straight and spread your legs, slightly, Sweet Stuff," asked Fred. He was peering through one of the two cameras. I parted my legs a bit and felt a deep rush of tension as my bladder contracted and almost overflowed. I had been sitting here daydreaming and swallowing bottle after bottle of water and it was all flowing through me, finally, but with a vengeance. "You better hurry because my dam is near bursting," I yelled back at Fred. He finished focusing and walked over to the other camera. "Drink some more and we will be set for a good series of shots," Henry told me as he handed me a freshly opened liter of Perrier.

I drank about a quarter of it and wondered where all that liquid was going. Well, I knew where it was going, but I wondered how long it would take to get there. I began the first bottle about an hour ago and have finished four of them. So there were four liters of water rushing through my body and I was working on the fifth liter. And I could feel my bladder filling. The pressure was becoming too strong to control. "I'm going to have a major accident very soon if you don't get ready for me. I'm going to piss whether your cameras are ready or not for there isn't any room left and there are three, uh, four bottles of water behind this one."

Sherry gave another strong squeeze to her tiring sphincters. They won't last long, she thought. "We just need a light meter reading with the shades up and we are ready to go." Sherry agreed to do this if she could do it in her apartment, but Fred and Henry insisted on natural lighting. "A woman's body looks most natural in natural lighting, so we do this with the curtains and shades open with real sunlight streaming in." Henry made this decision. But with the curtains drawn, Sherry, her entirely naked body and bursting bladder, were on full display to the apartment building across the street.

Sherry was certain that she could see the reflections of at least a half-dozen binoculars in those darkened windows. But then her bladder told her what she really had to worry about. "Fred, hurry or our couch will be soaked." Sherry reached down and gave her pussy and pee hole a quick vigorous rub and then jammed her thighs together. She was ok for another minute, but she could feel her bladder filling. All that water was pouring through her kidneys into her bladder and there was no more room. She knew that very soon she would begin squirting shots of piss out of her very tired pee-hole. "Here is your bowl, Orange Blossom," said Fred as he handed her the large, white, shallow, antique bowl.

The plan was to catch her pissing a torrent into this bowl with the lighting and her legs and her body just perfectly displayed to create one of the great whizzing shots ever seen. But Sherry was clueless about what she was supposed to do. She remembered that she needed to have her legs spread so her tuft of bush was well-lighted; she needed to have her arms out of the way so her breasts, no matter how tiny, were visible; most of all, she needed to be pissing like a horse with one of those fire-hose streams that men only dream about but which Sherry produced every morning she awoke, full to overflowing.

It was Fred's witnessing one of these early morning torrents that gave him the idea for the Mother of All Whizzing Pictures. "How do I hold it and piss at the same time?" cried Sherry, getting frantic. She was moving her bottom forward and backward about twice a second in an attempt to convince her aching sphincters that this was not the time to let go, but she felt she could only convince them of that a few seconds more. "Try reaching down with one arm under one leg and support the bowl while you let your legs spread and do your stuff."

Sherry didn't see how this could work but she was getting frantic and would have done anything to let this gallon-whiz out of her body. She knew it was about to come whether she willed it or not. "Get ready because I can't hold this any longer," yelled Sherry. Her humping the couch had reached the end of its effectiveness and she knew the end was near. She could feel her sphincters begin to give way under the terrible unrelenting pressure of a bladder that was being stretched well past the point of pain; Sherry had been holding back pain for over a half-hour.

She knew that pain was about to be released, as her sphincters spasmsed a few times releasing a few drops, in anticipation of the few strong streams that were about to come. Sherry gave a quick bow to force her pussy into the couch cushion for the last time in a frantic effort to put off the inevitable for a few seconds more. "I can't hold it any longer," Sherry cried. She let go of the bowl and it clattered down onto the floor.

Sherry knew that her piss was about to gush out of her and her ass was still up on the couch. She quickly moved her ass to the edge of the couch. Just as her bottom lost its support when it moved too far off the couch cushion, Sherry gave a big gasping sigh as her bladder began to empty. Her ass fell about six inches and Sherry frantically reached down with her hand to support her body in case if fell all the way to the bowl. Her right hand reached something to hold her body up just as her ass cheeks touched the rim of the bowl and her overfilled bladder began to empty in a torrent.

"Click" went the camera. "Hissssssss," went Sherry's pissing pussy. "Ahhhhh," said Sherry as she caught herself with surprise and felt her bladder begin its great emptying. She sat there in ecstasy for several minutes as Frank and Henry took shot after shot, but there was nothing to compare to that first snap of the shutters.

It caught Sherry with one of the most unearthly ecstatic expressions a woman in bliss can show; it caught Sherry with her pussy flowing piss like a fire hose; it caught her gorgeous body in all its understated femininity, complete with delicate, approachable breasts and large aureoles eager for attention; it caught her with a look of ecstasy on her beautiful, youthful face, mouth half open as if gasping for air, beyond control and engaged only in instinct. The camera caught a woman displaying all her femininity and vulnerability and animal desire, all in one image. The picture was destined to travel far; it would adorn dormitory rooms, computer screens, Presidential retreats, and bordellos. It also was in Fred's and Henry's wallets forevermore as they remembered the picture of a lifetime. Sherry, also, always had a copy of it in her purse, but her copy was never shown to anyone except to her own bewildered eyes each and every time she took a whiz for the rest of her life.

