Title: The Power of Suggestion
	Entry to: Month 31
By: Evan

Jill was so damn cute. I met her shortly after I moved to L.A. Your proverbial hot next-door neighbor. She was 24 years-old, and so sweet and innocent. The type of girl who doesn't know how amazing she is. Anyway, we became fast friends and starting hanging out a lot. She drove me crazy, but I knew my best chance for getting together with her was to play it cool and be her friend. Whether or not it was going to lead somewhere, I knew it would be worth the investment. We would cook dinner together, watch TV, catch movies, whatever. A great girl. And talk about a body. Man. Her boobs were perfect, just a little big for her size, and her ass'amazing. Everything about her said 'perky.' I loved it when she wore t-shirts that were a size or two too small, and those thin, tight-ish sweatpants. That outfit always revealed quite noticeable nipple show-thru and oh-so-lovely visible panty lines. All of which she was oblivious to.

Anyway, I had a bunch of different interests at the time, one of them being magic. I would often go to Los Angeles' Magic Castle, a club where world-class magicians would perform. The place also offered various courses in magic and mysticism. One class that caught my eye was called 'The Science of Hypnotism.' I didn't really believe in that stuff, but a pro at the Castle assured me that the teacher was great and that it was the real deal. And I thought it might be a fun thing for Jill and me to do together. Unfortunately, it turned out that the time wasn't convenient for her. But she did say that she wanted to hear all about it.

I attended the classes and was a very contentious student. I learned all about the theory of hypnotism, as well as various methods for successfully hypnotizing a subject and getting them to respond positively to suggestions.

One evening, after having recently finished the course, Jill and I were making lasagna, preparing to watch one of our favorite shows. She kept asking me question after question about hypnotism. With a smile, I asked her if she wanted to be my first victim. She loved the idea, asking me if I could make her more motivated to work-out. I said I'd give it a shot.

I had her sit down on my couch, dimmed the lights and put on some classical music. Step by step, I did everything I had learned. Said everything I was supposed to say. And I couldn't believe it, it worked -- I had placed Jill was in a deep, open-to-suggestion trance. This total cutie was under my control. My mind was absolutely swimming with possibilities! Sure I would get to the 'making her motivated to work-out' thing, but first I was gonna have some fun with this!

I poured myself another glass of wine while I considered the situation. Before I did anything, I absolutely had to see this girl naked. I had Jill stand up, and slowly remove her t-shirt and bra, freeing her ample breasts. Amazing. I had to get my hands on this girl! Careful not to disturb her trance, I ever-so-slowly cupped my hand under her left breast, and gave it a little squeeze. Jill was completely under my spell. She had no clue! Then, with both hands I gave her boobs a proper feel. Her breasts were perfect. Firm, larger than I thought, with nipples that were now hard, pointing skyward. Then I had her remove those famous sweatpants. Man. She looked so hot standing there in only her little red satin panties. Before I had her peel those off, I had to squeeze that butt. Again, amazing. I was in heaven. I instructed her to then slide off her panties. What a beauty. And a real blond. : )

'Do some jumping jacks for me, Jill.' She did just as I requested. I was so turned-on. I was getting to see this young thing's tight boobs dance all over the place. After a bit I told her to stop, trying to think of other ways I could have fun with this. I mean, I was just getting started.

I started to notice that Jill was swaying from side to side a little. I wondered why. Then it dawned on me. I asked her, 'Jill, do you need to tinkle? Nod once if you do.' Sure enough, this naked cutie pie had to use the potty. I had an idea. I went to the kitchen and came back with a pitcher of water. I instructed her to drink glass after glass of the ice cold water. After she finished the pitcher, I told her that until I gave her permission to go, she had to hold it.

Then the fun began. First she started to squirm on the couch. Then, after a while she started bouncing, her boobs jiggling here and there. I was trembling, it was such a turn on. Next came the leg crossing. More wiggling. Then her little hand dashed right between her legs, trying to plug the dam. Too much. Then I told Jill to stand up, wondering how she'd react. She instantly crossed her legs all the way, stretching them in opposite directions as far as they would go, squeezing her aching pussy shut. Keep in mind she was TOTALLY naked. What a sight. She couldn't stand still. Then she started violently shifting in place, totally frantic, her bountiful breasts bouncing wildly.

And then right before my eyes she started doing an all-out, absolutely desperate, completely bursting, totally naked, pee-pee dance. I was in ecstasy. When Jill started whimpering a little and it didn't seem like she could hold out a moment longer, I decided it was time to let her ease her aching bladder. So I instructed her to walk, not run, to my bathroom. (Watching her little butt jiggle as she made her way to the toilet was unspeakably erotic.) Then I told her to daintily lower the seat, and settle her bottom down onto it -- but not to go yet. 

After a quick check to make sure she was still deep in her trance, I asked her, 'Jill, do you really have to go to the bathroom bad?' She replied, 'Yes.' 'Beg me to let you go, Jill,' I said. Man-o-man, she was squirming and wiggling all over the place. 'Please'please let me pee,' she quietly pleaded. 'Okay,' I said, 'you may let loose now.'

And boy, did she! Imagine a fire hydrant knocked off its foundation! Imagine that blast. That was the amazing force of her stream! And it went on and on -- for almost two full minutes! What a massive hissing sound that piss shooting out of her pussy produced! And what a blissful expression of pleasure came over her face as she went. They her lips parted, releasing a moan of pleasure. How good it must have felt for Jill to release all that pent up pee. There was my adorable little next-door neighbor, forcefully peeing right in front of me. I even instructed her spread her legs as she went, so I could see what was happening. Words can't describe my excitement.

It goes without saying that I was beyond being hard. My erection was practically ripping thru my jeans. I had to pleasure myself, right there in the bathroom, with Jill still on the toilet. In a matter of seconds I had the most earth-shattering orgasm of my life. Spent, I shivered, basking in beauty before me, smiling at my good fortune.

After getting Jill back into my living room, and after feeling her up one more time, I instructed her to put her clothing back on. (Slowly, naturally, so I could enjoy the show.) Then I had her sit back down on the couch. I told her to erase from her memory all that had happened. And I chose not to help her with her workout motivation -- reasoning that I didn't want her to think that the hypnosis thing had actually worked, so she wouldn't even consider that I might have pulled any funny business. I then planted a couple of special suggestions in her head. One that encouraged her to maybe start thinking about me as more than a friend. And another that would make her think that being desperate to pee could be quite exciting. (he he he)

It only got better from there.

Evan

(More stories about my experiences with Jill to come.)

