Title: The Emergency Stop

By: Paul Tester

When four well know show-business girls wanted to have few quiet drinks one lunchtime, they knew that they would have to adopt some disguise to avoid being recognised by their public. Having spent so much effort building their images so they were instantly recognisable, they now had to try to reverse this so they could enjoy themselves like normal girls.

Emma concealed her flowing blonde hair under a wig of tight chest- nut brown curls, changed her make-up to disguise her well-known pout, and swapped her micro-skirt for faded denim jeans. Victoria fed up with her short dark hair, wore long straight red hair and a long skirt, the complete reversal of her normal image. Samantha hid her blonde hair under a short dark wig, much like Victoria’s normal hair, and wore a loose fitting top to disguise, as best she could, her two most prominent features. Gail, who had been interviewing them that morning, hid her blonde hair under a mousy brown wig, and wore glasses to cultivate a studious, librarian image, though this was spoilt by the very tight blue satin trousers she was wearing. The interviews successfully taped, they were going to enjoy a rare sunny English summer day, lunch at a river-side pub, then the afternoon round the swimming pool at Victoria’s new mansion.

The pub was crowded, but they found a secluded table in the garden and started on their drinks while waiting for the food they had ordered. There were problems in the kitchen, so they had more drinks while they waited, and then more, because they were modern girls, and none of them denied liking a drink or two. Victoria was the ‘designated driver’ and was restricted to orange juice, but even she was clearly having a good time, and appearing to be just as relaxed as the others.

Emma was drinking white cider, because she had been told that pale drinks were not so fattening, and after the drinking the first bottle too quickly, was pouring two into a pint glass to keep pace with the others. (She had also heard that plenty of liquid was good for the complexion, another good reason to indulge in her favourite drink.) Samantha, also needing to watch her weight, claimed that grape-fruit juice had the least calories of any drink, and a healthy measure of Vodka did nothing but take the edge of the sharp taste. Gail, who seemed able to eat and drink what she liked without putting on weight, was drinking pints of premium lager, her favourite drink.

When their food did arrive, they ordered another round of drinks, and then another when Gail paid the bill, and then it was Victoria’s turn to buy a round, even though she wasn’t drinking, because she was on her way to the loo and thought she would stop at the bar, and then the pub was closing and there was only just time for a quick visit to the loo before the left.

Navigation was not Victoria’s strong point, so her route home had to be via the M25 orbital motorway, and typically for a Friday afternoon, the traffic varied between slow moving and almost stopped. Victoria had borrowed her husband’s Bentley, which she drove in what she called a forceful manner, so even delivery van drivers thought several times before competing for her road space. That afternoon, a fine sunny afternoon, all the windows open, their latest CD blasting out and Emma and Victoria singing along with it, though not quite the same words, they were in a world of their own, four liberated girls, three quite drunk, enjoying their freedom.

All good things come to and end, and the end of this idyll began when they came almost to a halt in a traffic jam that stretched as far as they could see. This was not so much fun, and they turned down the CD player and began discussing ways of avoid the jam. The problem was that Victoria did not know any other way home, and none of the others knew the way either, and naturally they didn’t have a map.

“This,” said Gail from the back seat, “is not good news at all. I really will need to go to the loo soon.”

In the last five minutes they had not moved more that 500 metres, and she was afraid they were stuck for the afternoon.

“Can’t see much chance of that at the moment,” replied Samantha, sitting next to her, “you will just have to cross your legs and try to think about something else.”

Gail, who already had her legs crossed, shifted her position on the leather seat, pursed her lips, and said nothing. The girls sat in silence for a bit, some of them thinking that they would soon be sharing Gail’s problem, and none able to think of any way of getting to loo. The traffic was moving so slowly, and there wasn’t even an advance sign of a turning off. Gail, having been the first to voice her need, and regretting having admitted her weakness when there was so obviously nothing that could be done, was now determined to keep quiet, even though she really did need to pee quite badly. Beer always affected her bladder badly, and she had had a lot to drink, so she worried about the prospect of being stuck in this traffic jam.

“Vic, you are going to have to stop somewhere soon so we can pee. Gail must be bursting now, and I need to go as well,” Emma pouted from the front seat. She actually wanted to go quite badly, but not wanting to take her ‘baby’ image too far, was trying to give the impression that it was really for Gail’s benefit she was asking for a loo stop. Hoping that no-one would notice, she kicked off her boots and folded her leg under her, so her heel was pushing into her crutch, easing the increasingly urgent need to pee.

“Find a service area and I’ll stop. Until then you will just have to bottle it up, you know, behave like an adult for a change,” Victoria replied sharply. She wasn’t enjoying the traffic jam at all, and girls bitching about wanting a loo when there obviously wasn’t one was not improving her mood.

Gail, at first delighted that someone else wanted to pee, was dismayed by Victoria’s attitude. She was bursting now, even with her legs tightly crossed it was becoming a struggle to hold it back. Emma might have asked to go, but she wasn’t even crossing her legs, so she could not need to go very badly. She looked the sort that might make a big fuss about wanting to pee, then manage to hold out for ages, whereas, once Gail wanted to go badly, well, she really did have to go.

Another ten or fifteen minutes past, and nothing had changed. The traffic was crawling slowly forward, but there was still no sign of any turning off. Gail had now reached a condition that she described as ‘seriously desperate,’ meaning that she was really struggling to hold back her pee, and was pressing her hand between her tightly crossed legs more and more frequently, and keeping it there longer each time. Finally, she gave up pretending that she wasn’t really desperate, and held herself all the time, savouring the partial relief it brought to her aching bladder.

Unless there was a sudden change in the traffic, she could not see how they would ever get to a loo before her bladder burst, and she was steeling herself to announce that she was going to have to squat on the hard shoulder and pee. She looked hopefully at Emma, who had been fidgeting about but still had not crossed her legs, and wished she would be the one to ask Victoria to stop.

Emma’s fidgeting, which she hoped had not been noticed, was because she also was reaching desperation level. Her bladder was swelling with the volume of pee it contained, and was pressing painfully against her tight jeans, making her want to pee very urgently, and she was pressing down hard onto her heel to help hold back this desperate need. As the pressure in her bladder increased to near crisis level, she needed more drastic measures to contain it, but she didn’t want to make her desperation obvious by holding her crutch. The only alternative she could think of was to put her boots back on, and then sit on her heel; the three inch platform sole, wedged against the Bentley’s seat, was applying terrific pressure to her crutch, so much so that it really hurt, but was also so effective and containing her need to pee that she was willing to grit her teeth and bear it.

A few minutes later, and she was not so sure she could last out much longer. She could not see any likelihood of getting to a service area for hours, and she wasn’t going to be able to bear to hold her pee that long. Twisting round, she could see that Gail was un-ashamedly holding between her legs, obviously as desperate as she was. They were both going to have to pee by the roadside, so they might as well do it before their bladders actually burst.

“We’re not going to get to a service area for ages, Vic, and I have simply got to pee soon or I will be in danger of exploding. If you pull right over I’ll squat by the passenger door and nobody will be able to see very much.” Quite frankly, she wanted to go so badly she really didn’t care if anybody did see, and if they did, they would not recognise her.

“Please stop, I’m desperate for a pee as well, it’s pretty near an emergency, I can’t last much longer.” Gail had been about to ask when Emma had beaten her to it, but she wanted to make sure they did stop as soon as possible, or she was going to wet her knickers.

“Look girls,” replied Victoria, “if the police see this motor stopped with two girls peeing on the hard shoulder, they are going to guess we have been drinking, and start asking embarrassing questions, so I’m sorry, but you are just going to have to hold it a bit longer.”

“What’s the problem?” Samantha joined in, though she didn’t need to pee, “Sure Emma and Gail are pissed, that’s obviously why they have to pee so bad, but you’re the driver, and you’re stone cold sober….Aren’t you?” she added, suddenly dubious.

Victoria hesitated, pretending to be looking in the door mirror. “Orange juice is so fucking boring and nobody ever gets breathalysed in the afternoon, and I found this Tequila in the dressing room. It had already been opened, it seemed a shame to waste it….. It’s the only way to make orange juice drinkable.”

“How much? How much Tequila have you drunk?” demanded Sam, suddenly taking Victoria’s deceit as a personal affront.

“It was only a half bottle, and it was already opened..” Victoria didn’t want to admit exactly how much she had drunk. “I’m used to Tequila, you know, sort of immune to it’s effect, and I had some food as well. I’m not really too drunk, I’ll be OK so long as Old Bill don’t actually test me.”

“You stupid cow!” Emma almost shouted at her, “You could have stayed sober until we get to your place, then you can drink yourself sick if you want. Can’t you imagine what the tabloids will make of you being done for Drunk Driving in David’s motor?”

“Of course I fucking know! They have been getting at me for the last year, that’s why I simply dare not risk stopping. Look, I want to pee as well, but I’m going to have to hold it, however bad it gets, and you will just have to do the same. Sorry girls, but you are just going to have to clamp your bladders shut until we find a proper loo.”

“I can’t! I simply can’t wait much longer! If you don’t stop I’m going to piss myself in the car, I can’t hold it any longer.” Gail was going frantic, wanting to pee more badly that she had ever done in her life before. Both hands pressed between her legs, which were twisted almost into a knot, she was alternating between frantically rubbing her crutch and bending forward, pressing her fingers as hard as she could against her pee hole, groaning with the effort she was making to hold it. She thought that she had just managed to stop herself leaking, or maybe not, because it felt worryingly warm and wet under her fingers. She dared not move them to see if there was a wet patch visible, because she would lose control for sure then. Again she appealed to the driver to pull over so she could pee.

“Please, oh please stop, just pull up here and let me out, I’ll pee by the car. There’s no sign of the police now. I pee like a waterfall, I won’t take long, I promise, I’ll be back before anyone realises what we are doing.”

“If I stop for you, then Emma will go as well, and when she is really desperate she takes for ever, I’ve stood guard for her enough times to know she takes about ten minutes to finish. I have never known anyone pee as slowly as she does. Plenty of time for a motorway patrol to see us. Sorry, but you will just have to hold it.” Victoria wished she could risk stopping, because she was getting desperate herself.

Emma had also abandoned any pretence of not really needing to pee, and was holding her crutch, something she only ever did as an absolute last resort, and she knew that Victoria knew this. Finding that the conventional, hands from the front method was hardly enough to contain the pressure in her bladder, she had joined her hands between her legs, one reaching from behind, and was sawing back and forward, pressing her wrist and side of her hand against her crutch.

“Christ! I’m in agony! I’m going to explode if I can’t pee soon. If you don’t stop this minute Victoria, I’m going to have to pee on the floor here. If I don’t, I think I’m going to die, it hurts so much. There is so much pressure in my bladder, the pee will really pour out this time, I’m sure it will, I promise I won’t take long if only you let me pee.” She wasn’t actually convinced of this, but she was so desperate she was going to say anything if only she could get Victoria to stop. It was her tight jeans that were hurting her, Emma realised, but she dare not take either hand from between her legs to undo her zip, because she thought that if she stopped holding her pee back for even a second she would wet herself.

“Shut up the pair of you, you’re worse that a couple of infants. If you didn’t talk so much about wanting to pee you would not want to do it so badly. It’s your own fault for drinking too much, so now you will just have to hold it. Vic may have been stupid drinking when she’s the driver, but you can’t risk losing her licence.” Samantha was getting fed up with the constant bickering, and as she had an enormous bladder, she knew she would not need to go for ages.

This outburst shut them up for a few minutes, and the CD player drowned the whimpers from Gail as she fought to contain her pee, working her hands between her legs as she strove to find the most effective position to hold herself. Emma, by contrast, was frozen in position, only her grim, tense expression revealing how hard she was pulling her hands up between her legs, and how much she was suffering.

A louder groan from Gail as she leant forward, trying to press her hands even harder as she felt she was losing control and this time a trickle of pee did squeeze past her fingers. If only she could press harder; she wasn’t going to be able to hold it much longer, and even as she thought this, more pee escaped from her bursting bladder, and she could definitely feel the wetness spreading from under her fingers.

“Stop!, Stop the car, I can’t wait any longer, I’m going to wet my knickers if you don’t stop right now. I’m not joking, I just can’t hold it any longer. Please Vic, you must stop. The police won’t have time to catch you, I’m not going to take long, I really can pee quickly, like a waterfall, specially when I’m bursting. Oh shit! No!” The final exclamation signifying that a far more significant spurt of pee had leaked past her fingers and soaked her trousers. The blue satin fabric might have been designed to show the slightest leak of pee, and Samantha could not miss the dark stain spreading down Gail’s legs as the pee leaked past her fingers, which she was still pressing into her crutch with all her strength, moving them round in small circles, hoping that she would discover some position that would block off any more leaks.

“I don’t believe it! She’s actually starting to piss herself. It’s leaking past her fingers, she can’t hold it any longer. If you don’t stop she’s going to flood the back seat.” Anticipating that Gail was about to completely let go, Samantha was moving as far away from her as she could.

Giving way to the inevitable, though swearing at her for not being able to control her bladder any longer, Victoria indicated to turn left, savagely cut across the slow lane and jerked to a stop as far on the hard shoulder as she could get. Almost before the Bentley had stopped both Gail and Emma were opening the doors, and scrambling out, both still with one hand pressed between their legs, trying to hold back their pee for another few seconds. The motorway was in a cutting where they had stopped, so the only place they had to squat and pee was by the car, Emma leaving the front door open to screen them from that direction. She needed both hands to unzip and pull down her jeans, and almost as soon as she stopped holding herself she could not stop the first spurt of pee leaking through her knickers and into her jeans. By the time she was squatting, she was peeing steadily, and had soaked her knickers and the crutch of her jeans.

Once out of the car, Gail stood, bending forward, both hands pressing between her crossed legs, fighting to regain control of her bladder before she attempted to pull her trousers down, and somehow managed to be squatting with her knickers round her knees, facing Emma, before she let her pee go. Her claim that she could pee like a waterfall was no exaggeration; Emma had never seen or heard anything like it, jet of pee that looked to be at least an inch across was spurting from between Gail’s legs and splashing on the road with enough force to drill a hole in the tarmac.

The pressure of her stream did not reduce until the very end of her pee. which was finished in much less than half a minute, Gail sighing with the relief as she reached between her legs to dry herself with a tissue. Despite having started first, even before she had pulled her jeans down, Emma was nowhere near finished, because, despite her promise to hurry, her pee was trickling out in it’s normal gentle stream. With her bladder distended more than she had ever know it, she was afraid she was going to take ages to finish. She stared at the huge puddle Gail had made, and willed her body to emulate her blasting pee.

“For goodness sake hurry up Emma!” Victoria was getting agitated, scared that any second a police car would see them, and she also was dying for a pee, but dare not risk getting out and going by the car, a sure give-away that she had been drinking.

“I’m sorry, it going to take ages,” wailed Emma, desperately trying to force her pee out, “I was so full I’ve seized up, I just can’t get going any faster.”

Gail was already back in the car, trying to hide the huge wet patch between her legs. “Just clamp it off and pull your pants back up, you must have let enough pressure off now to be able to last until we get off the motorway.” Now she was relieved, she wanted to be away before they got into trouble for stopping on the hard shoulder.

“I can’t, I’m still so full it hurts, I must finish or I’ll do it in my jeans,” Emma pleaded.

“I dare not wait any longer, either get control of yourself or I’m going to leave you there.” Victoria revved the engine and the car began to creep forward.

“Oh you cow! I don’t think I can stop. Oh Christ, what can I do! Wait! I’ll stop, just give me a second.” Emma began to stand up, both hands pressed between her legs, until she though she had enough control to pull her tiny black thong up, holding herself again as a trickle of pee escaped and ran down her leg. Then she dragged her jeans on and collapsed back in the car, both hands jammed between her legs, trying to keep control of her bursting bladder. Victoria engaged drive and brutally pushed her way into the outer lane, thankful that the police hadn’t seen them stopped. ‘This wretched traffic,’ she thought, ‘if only it would move faster.’ She was desperate to pee, seeing Emma and Gail go had made her need ten time worse, and she was already regretting not having been as well. She had to do something, or she would be the third girl in the car to wet her knickers. She moved about until she could cross her legs, risky when she was driving, but the situation called for drastic measures.

“Emma, put you seat belt on, do your jeans up, and get a grip on yourself,” Samantha said from the back seat.

“I can’t let go, I can’t get it under control yet, I didn’t pee enough, what can I do? You will have to stop again as soon as you can.” Poor Emma was still fighting to get her bladder under control after being forced to shut off in full flow, and was finding it almost impossible. With both hands between her legs, pressing directly on her pee hole with all her strength, she could hold it back, but within seconds of letting go she would start to leak dribbles of pee, flooding through her already wet knickers and jeans. At last, after several minutes of frantic, intense, holding, her bladder got the message and she was able to control her pee by crossing her legs. Her jeans were absolutely soaked between her legs, and it felt as if she was sitting in a puddle of pee. She grabbed a box of tissues and pushed handfuls between her legs and under her seat, trying to dry herself and the seat.

As they approached the turn off at last, the traffic was clearing and Victoria accelerated into the outside lane.

“There’s a service area just past this junction, we can stop there and let you finish your pee, Emma,” she said, desperately clenching her own bladder shut as she anticipated the pee she wanted so badly.

“I can’t walk across a service area like this,” complained Emma, “my jeans are soaked, it’s completely obvious I have wet myself. Surely you turn off here and it’s about 15 minutes to your place. I can manage to hold on until then, rather than be seen to have wet myself.”

Victoria groaned inwardly. Emma was right, she had to turn off before the services to get home, but she so desperately wanted to pee that she doubted if she could last without keeping her legs crossed, and driving on normal roads like that was both dangerous and almost impossible. As she pulled off the motorway she uncrossed her legs, then, as a sudden sure of desperation hit her, clenched herself tightly shut, and began knocking her knees together. Driving almost dangerously fast, she was gritting her teeth as she fought to hold back her pee a few more minutes. She was committed now, she had to make it home, the car was too well known here to risk stopping and peeing by the wheel.

Savagely she slammed on the brakes to stop at a red light, swearing and muttering ‘Come on, Come on,’ under her breath, pressing her hand deep into her lap as she felt herself on the brink of losing control. Then she needed both hands to drive, and she was fighting to hold her pee, right on the brink of letting go, so close that maybe a few drops did leak out before she managed to clamp herself shut again. Had she actually leaked? she wondered, and if she had, would her knickers absorb it? She was so nearly home, she had to hold on, but her need was so urgent, made worse by thinking about it, that she needed to hold herself to be sure of waiting, and driving down a narrow, twisty, road in the Bentley, she needed both hands to steer.

She was right on the limit, just about holding it, but so close to letting go that the slightest thing,… like braking hard to turn into her driveway, and a few more drops would leak out. She drove straight into the car port, slammed the gear lever into ‘park’ before the car had stopped, and leapt out, nothing mattered to her now except a pee before she really wet herself. She pulled her skirt up round her waist, pulled aside the very wet gusset of her knickers, and before she was fully crouching down, let go a stream of pee onto the gravel driveway. Nothing like the blast of Gail’s pee, but far more force that Emma had managed.

Emma had been tensing herself to try to walk normally indoors and up to the bathroom, but seeing Victoria peeing by the car, she joined her, finishing the long, slow pee she had started on the motorway. Samantha survey the two girls crouching by the car, then Gail, leaning on the wing, big wet patch between her legs.

“You are like a bunch of school girls, an absolute disgrace. A few drinks and you can’t even make it home without wetting your knickers. Haven’t any of you got any self control? If only I had a camera, a few snaps of the three of you, and I could retire on the proceeds ” She could afford to be superior, not only had she drunk the least volume of them all, she had an enormous bladder and was not going to need to go for hours.

