A Dream Come True
	Dressing up as a schoolgirl desperate to pee for teacher.
Author: lunaswift

Lucy looked at the bed, the outfit laid out on it. Could she do this? Was it crossing a line? It was her turn but she still wasn't sure. Finally she shook herself out of her reverie and picked up the skirt, getting dressed at last.

Dan waited downstairs, nervously awaiting her decision. He'd done what she asked, sleeping with her in the office, the whole time he'd spent on edge wondering if they'd get caught. It was exciting and it meant when she asked what he wanted in return he had a chance to suggest this. Would she think it was too weird? The door to the lounge opened and Lucy was standing there, wearing exactly what he'd asked.

"Wow!" he said, staring hungrily at her.

"I think you mean get to class!" she replied, with a nervous giggle.

Lucy had pulled on her old college uniform, grey skirt, white shirt, blue blazer, white socks. She stood looking at herself in the mirror for a moment before picking up the pint of water he'd left for her. She drank it quickly, wondering once more if this was a good idea. She could hear him downstairs, flicking through the TV channels and walked slowly down the stairs.

In the doorway, Lucy pressed her knees together, wiggling her legs slightly. "I need the toilet first sir. Can I go?"

Dan stood up, a smile forming on his face just as he felt his cock stiffening in his trousers. "No time for that. Take a seat Lucy."

"Yes sir."

Lucy sat down at the computer desk in the corner, swivelling the chair round to face her husband. "I really need to go sir. Please, I'll only be a minute." As she spoke she let her legs open and close, flashing her white panties for just a second each time.

"Get on with your work Lucy."

Lucy turned back to face the desk. Despite her desire to pee she felt herself getting more and more turned on. Without glancing behind her to see what Dan was doing, she slowly moved her hand up her skirt, gently stroking her clit through her panties.

"Are you cheating?" Dan snapped, making her jump as he had quietly come to stand behind her. "Turn and face me now!"

His heart was racing as he was finally getting to live out the fantasy he'd dreamt about for such a long time. "What are you doing?"

"I was touching myself sir."

"Well don't let me stop you."

Lucy pretended to look shocked. "But sir, surely that's not allowed."

Dan smiled. "Just do it."

Lucy lifted her bottom off the seat and peeled down her panties, trying to ignore the ever growing desperation. With one hand she pulled the lips of her pussy apart as with the other one she began to gently stroke up and down, gathering up wetness and rubbing it into her clit. Dan stared at her as she leaned back in the chair, closing her eyes as she concentrated on the sensations spreading round her body.

Dan began to undress. "That's very good Lucy," he said as he lowered his zipper and pulled out his now rigid cock. He held it in his hand as he moved forward, stroking it gently as he watched her. With some effort he pointed it down towards her, whispering to himself. "Come on, come on."

With a sigh he began to pee, it splashed over Lucy's white shirt, making it stick to her skin. She opened her eyes in shock, not expecting this.

"What the hell?" she snapped.

Dan couldn't stop now, he had to finish. After a few more seconds, the urine stopped flowed and he stood proudly looking at her.

"Sir, what did you just do?"

"Enough," he replied. "I've got to have you."

He grabbed her and pulled her down on top of him. The two kissed as Lucy pushed Dan's arms down to his sides, holding them in place.

"We shouldn't be doing this sir," she whispered as she allowed his cock to rub between the cheeks of her bottom. She lifted herself slightly and guided it up her pussy, sinking onto it and moaning loudly. Dan pressed against her stomach with his hands, feeling the wetness of her shirt as she rode him gently.

"I'm going to pee," she said. "Are you ready sir?"

There was a pause as she stared still, raised up so just the tip of his cock was inside her and then she let go of her bladder. A gush of piss splashed out, running over his cock, soaking his balls, his thighs, his stomach.

As she peed she began to slowly ride him again, letting his cock move in and out of her even as his hand began to toy with her clit, hot pee trickling over his fingers. It was all too much for Lucy and with a quiet gasp, she came. Her orgasm made her pussy tense up and she stared into Dan's eyes as the contractions gripped his cock inside her. She froze for a few moments before beginning to lift her hips again, faster now, wanting his cum inside her.

Dan began thrusting his hips, knowing he was close. He grabbed Lucy's bottom with both hands and gently toyed with her anus, brushing his finger round her hole as he rammed himself up her one last time. With a cry of satisfaction he came, spunk shooting up and filling her pussy.

Lucy jumped off him then, moving to suck the last of the cum from the end of his cock, licking his shaft and tasting her own wetness and her pee along its length. She stood up then and looked down at him.

"That was very naughty sir," she said, pulling on her panties.

Dan looked up at her. "I can't believe you peed on me. I love you so much. Thank you."

Lucy lowered herself onto his chest and leaned down to kiss him. "Quite all right sir, but I may need some more lessons in learning to control my bladder if you'd like to teach me."

The End
