Title : Christmas-Light Walk
	Category : F desp. Date : 1 Feb 1998
By: Stanley

(Names, descriptions and places have been altered to protect the spacey. The doctor's explanation consists of about eighty-five percent of fantasy.)

December 19, 1997 found Yvonne returning to an empty apartment. Dave took the day off for a long weekend at his parents. Eve would spend Saturday and Sunday with nearby cousins. Eve regretted her other cousins, Fran and Jane, wouldn't arrive until after the weekend. After last week's conversation with her doctor, Eve had some questions for them, especially Jane. Jane is seven years Eve's senior and Fran fourteen years. Fran and Jane practically raised Eve after Eve's mother developed a weak heart. With obligatory seasonal visits behind them, Monday would find Dave and Eve starting a quiet Christmas at their favorite bed and breakfast.

But what about tonight's dinner and the empty evening? She had a vivid, child-like imagination. Over teriyaki she decided to reenact a favorite childhood Christmas outing with Jane. In spring they walked together picking flowers. In summer picking berries. In autumn collecting leaves to press. But after carols around the piano, Jane and Eve searched out the best lights and plywood angels.

Thinking about Jane brought her back to the doctor's question. The skilled, but shy, woman obviously felt embarrassed asking, "We need to identify the type of allergy we're treating. Did you. . . uh. . . ever lose your toilet training when you were four-ish? Maybe someone mentioned. . ."

"Oh dear! No one had to "mention." I remember episodes of flooding until I was eight. . . Well, actually, until. . . It still happens once or twice a year."

"Uh. . . Well, then you have a type of allergy that irritates most body cavities, including your bladder. Your bladder treats the irritation like an infection. It reflexively tries to expel the apparently infected urine."

"Sometimes it succeeds!"

How was your allergy treated in your childhood? Did any relatives have the same problem? Which times were worst?"

"The doctor ordered some kind of daily pills. I don't think he said anything about the allergy making me wet. I don't know about relatives. We didn't talk about that sort of thing. Mom and dad sent me to the bathroom before meals, going for rides, playing. I wasn't allowed to start anything without peeing first. Whenever I did need to pee, dad or my cousins rushed me directly to the bathroom. I always wet at the worst times. Always, always, always at uncle's Christmas parties."

"Did your uncle have a fresh-cut tree?"

"Two or three floor-to-ceiling firs. They were beautiful! How did you. . . Oh! That's what I'm most allergic to."

"Only a few specialists knew about the connection back then. All that unnecessary peeing may have retarded your sphincter judgement. That means you may have been older before you could clearly tell when you could wait and when you really had to go. It undoubtedly retarded sphincter strength development. Even now you may not have optimum bladder habits."

"I don't under. . . You mean I'm not toilet trained?!"

"Well, not fully. You're not alone. Something over twenty percent of both men and women could have better bladder habits. You can try the bladder exercises and habit-improvement methods in this booklet. Also, we have better pills now. But not perfect pills. If you take the pills every day, you'll need them every day. Also, regular use reduces their effectiveness. You have to judge when you really need them. The first sign might be a stuffy nose. But, it might be a strong bladder twinge."

Like the twinges that sent her pleading for a bathroom. On their walks Jane rushed her behind some bushes or up an alley. Her uncle's Children's punch bowl insured at least one bush rush on the angel search. Even so, the punch from the convenience store would make it more like old times. The teriyaki thirst prompted another soda when Eve bought the punch. The smallest cup was 16 oz. (450 ml).

Back at the apartment Eve drank punch and sang to recorded carols. She visualized exchanging presents with Jane until Jane seemed to almost be there. Six carols later she'd become the child she'd been over twenty-five years before. Lights and angels beckoned.

She covered three blocks from her commercial-district apartment when a faint signal suggested she should have reenacted Jane sending her to the bathroom. She was just entering a residential neighborhood with possibilities of old-fashioned decorations. She'd find two or three well decorated places. Then she'd rush home. Or use an alley if she had to.

Strings of me-too lights surrounded windows. She walked further. More lights to the left. No imagination on this block either. Nothing straight ahead. She entered a street to the right then curving left. Not much here either. Wait! Something different. That window holds cloth angel in a cage of lights. As she walks past the image becomes a bell, then a butterfly depending on the angle. She backtracked to see it transform again.

The search and angel discovery had distracted Eve. Now she feels a strong twinge between her legs. At the same instant her tummy hurts just above her pubic bone. She's doesn't think she'll wet. But she needs an unoccupied alley. No alley at the end or the block.

Eve hurries along the next block and the next. It's totally different from her home town. No alleys at all. Still no real danger. Just discomfort. She wishes Jane was really there to help her search out a hiding place.

This street runs parallel to the arterial Eve lives on. She decides to take the next street that cuts back. A street to the left just ahead. Oh no--a dead end sign. She pauses in front of dark houses squeezing her crotch and stamping her feet.

Eve takes the next left. Suddenly a dog barks from just beyond a fence. Eve stops and clinches her sphincter quickly. Continuing on she finds the street makes a U back to where she entered it. It had only wasted her time.

Three more blocks produced only dead-end streets. A well-lit, unfenced yard ahead contained two large dogs. Eve sighed when the owner saw her and put the dogs in. The next street finally took her back to her own busy arterial.

She was six blocks east of home and just east of two undeveloped blocks. Eve would have to cross over as the north side provided the only sidewalk here. She watched traffic stream by as she waited for the light. She had well insulated snow pants. But the wind flowed right through her knit sweater. She could barely hold still. Now, still in her little-girl reenactment, she became stubborn. She wanted the privacy to hold herself and squirm, rather than actually to give in to the urge.

As a cold gust hit, she squirted, squirmed, then squirted again. Her valve seemed firmly closed again. "It's the wind," she told herself just before the light changed.

The wind continued increasing. A small squirt accompanied a strong gust three blocks from home. No light aided the crossing back to her side of the street. The wait dragged and yet a forth squirt accompanied the wind.

Back in the apartment Eve stubbornly tells herself it was just the wind. She remained vividly connected to her fantasy. "I'll be grown up and just hold it until I'm good and ready to pee." She put on a children's Christmas video she loved and settled on the couch. She squirmed almost continuously. But she stayed glued to the story. She had to strain harder every minute, but still refused to leave the video.

With no additional ceremony her sphincter seemed to pop full open. As she struggled to stop, snow pants, then the couch got wetter and wetter.

The need to clean up finally burst the recollections. She knows she maxes out at 450 ml. She estimates that evening's consumption at 2.5 to three times that. Only the saltiness on the teriyaki and the walk lasting less than forty-five minutes saved her from flooding two or three times.

Oh yes. She'd give Jane a very private Christmas call. She thought of all the times Jane herself had rushed to the bushes. And all the times Jane had done laundry at odd times. Yes, Jane held the answer to the inherited condition question. 

