Introduction

by Bob

(Several very perceptive and imaginative stories from Bob: all are about Jenny, containing [multi F desp and wet]
Bob began by discussing his interest with me, and then sent the stories.)

My particular turn-on is where a woman is desperate to pee, almost doing it in her knickers, but has to hold on, frantic and sweating and panicking, because for some reason a loo isn't available. As an example of the sort of thing I like, a friend once told me of how in his late teens he was out walking in the street with his girlfriend when suddenly a woman in her late 20s came out of a hairdressing salon looking extremely agitated and flustered and ran as fast as she could to a Ladies some way down the street. He said that her "clip-clopping high heels" as she ran made people turn their heads to see what was happening.

His girlfriend remarked, "Oooh! She must be absolutely desperate - I'll bet she was sitting under the drier _bursting_!!"

What so aroused me (and my friend) about this story was the thought of the poor woman sitting there in the hairdressers, stuck under the hairdrier and so unable to move until the stylist came and set her free, absolutely bursting to pee and yet trapped and helpless. She would have been sweating, squirming surreptitiously on the seat, squeezing her frantic pussy as hard as she could between her frenziedly-working upper thighs, panicking because she was so desperate she was terrified she was about to lose control and pee her knickers on the seat, too embarrassed to explain her urgent predicament to anyone, praying that no-one would spot her anguished squirmings, and yet entirely in the power of the salon staff to come and free her from the drier.

Of course, what would have made the story complete for me would have been one of two things. She reached the Ladies only to find it locked or all the cubicles engaged (maybe just in time to see someone vanish into the last vacant one a second or two ahead of her), or (even better) she would have found that it was a penny-in-the-slot Ladies and she had no penny to get in!

The idea of a woman squirming around just about peeing her knickers while searching in vain through her handbag for a penny to get into the Ladies, unable to find one anywhere but knowing that if she continued to be unsuccessful in finding one it would be a matter of minutes or even seconds before she lost control and suffered the horrendous public embarrassment of wetting her knickers and stockings and shoes and peeing all over the floor of the Ladies, is unbearably exciting to me. And the sheer blind sweaty panic and desperation she would be feeling at that moment would be much more exciting to me even than the eventual accident.

Bob --------------------------------------------------

I'm not at all into straight pissing or golden showers, or "accidents-on-purpose". What I like is when a woman really finds herself helpless, almost doing it in her knickers, struggling desperately not to lose control and praying fervently for a loo!

Particularly exciting, too, are those unexpected delays which can crop up in such situations. What could be more exciting, for instance, than sitting in a London tube train opposite a young lady who's fidgeting, crossing her legs and looking uneasy, obviously in a great hurry to reach her stop and race to the loo. Then the train grinds to a halt, and a voice comes over the tannoy announcing a delay of indefinite length. As she hears this, the young lady crossed her legs even more tightly, her face screws up in despair and she gasps, "Oh God, NO!!" She's panicking, nearly peeing her knickers, but now she has to wait longer than she expected, and she doesn't know for how long!

Or a girl arrives at a party bursting to pee, and she's jiggling and dancing from foot to foot as she hands over her coat to the host and mumbles that she just has to pop into the loo before joining the other guests, and the host points her towards the (only) toilet and she sees, to her horror, that there's a queue....

Another nice fantasy is of a girl who's on a long coach-journey with no loo on the coach. By the time she reaches the scheduled toilet stop, after two hours, she's pressing her thighs together, bouncing on the seat and her knickers are damp with sweat. But at least she's made it - she thinks! However, when she manages to hobble to the Ladies she finds that only one cubicle is working, there's a long queue for it, she mightn't manage to get in there before the coach has to leave again, and so it's out of her hands as to whether she's able to have her desperately-needed pee or will have to clamber on board the bus again still nearly peeing her knickers and try to hold on for another two hours when already she can't keep still for a single second without starting to do it in her knickers!

Yes, my friend (a postal friend only) shared the interest - but sadly he had to stop writing to me because he was afraid his wife would find out. He was a correspondent I contacted through Forum magazine. He didn't have the courage to elicit from his girlfriend any tales of her own ordeals because he was too shy at that time.

The anecdote he sent was, however, in response to something I'd told him about my own early interest in the subject, which was partly caused when my mother had found herself in exactly that predicament, when I was aged about 8. Until my dying day I'll never forget the frantic state she was in when she arrived home! (I was being looked after by an aunt while she was at the hairdressers.)

Also, when I was 10 or so (I'm 43 now), at a time when a Bill was being discussed in Parliament trying to abolish penny-in-the-slot turnstiles in Ladies' toilets (called by the Press the '"Ban-The-Turnstiles" Bill'), my sexual development was hugely influenced by seeing a newspaper cartoon of a desperate woman standing in front of just such a turnstile. She was fully dressed in hat, coat, skirt, stockings, high heels, etc, in the style of the time, and around her were heavy shopping-bags. Standing on one leg, sweat flying from her brow, she was searching frenziedly but unsuccessfully for a penny in her handbag (the contents of which were laid out on top of the turnstile), and gasping, "Oooh! At times I say - all power to the Ban-The-Turnstiles Bill!"

This cartoon made my tummy turn several somersaults when I saw it! There was the poor woman, obviously far from home, caught desperate to pee when out shopping, frantic, on the verge of doing it in her knickers, pouring with sweat, unable to keep still, squeezing her anguished pussy between her thighs as tightly as she could, filled with cold horror and disbelief when she realised she couldn't find the penny she so desperately needed to gain her access to the cubicle, and doubtless muttering to herself, "Oooh! Please let me find a penny! Please! Ooooh! I'm nearly doing it! I can't wait......!"

What a nightmare predicament! The excruciating, nailbiting agony and helplessness of the poor woman's plight has haunted me ever since, and was my earliest, and for years probably my most frequent, masturbatory fantasy!

Anyway, I mustn't ramble on. Yes, use the little story if you like, although it isn't very well written for publication. I'm sending also a couple of other things which appeared in alt.sex.fetish.watersports before it became choked with spam and silly ads. Use the name 'Bob', but don't provide a link to my E-mail address.

More later, perhaps, if you want.

