Trisha was really cute but not innocent, she was also quite adventurous, mostly when it came to clothes. She drove the staff nuts at our school, skirts too short, shirts too little, bra less, but even so she had a way of not looking like a slut or a hooker. This had a lot to do with the fact that she wasn't either of those things but there was something about her. She was just a regular girl who wore what she wanted. The teachers, male and female, tried everything; sending her home to change and she would come back in a different crazy outfit, making her wear the school uniform, she would just cut it short. 
Even though she was 18 and a senior the staff felt that she shouldn't wear such things in high school. They started to pick their battles with her and eventually they gave up. This was most notable when she wore the shortest skirt ever (by the way Trisha is about 5 foot 5 inches, not stunningly beautiful but like I said really cute. She has nice legs and she's flexible enough that she can put her leg over her head– but she only does it when she has on pants) any way this skirt was so short because she took a pair of her tight light blue sweat pants and cut them into a skirt. When she got to school that day the teachers made a big fuss but in the end they just told her not to bend over.
I bet Trisha had no idea that this would be the worst day of her life, because she just happened to wear this on the day of the most important pre–test of the year and that's just one of the many bad things that happened on this day. There was only one restroom available for the whole school. The test meant that we would have to stay in our homeroom class all day except for lunch. Anyway, the test starts and after awhile we get the first break, which is not really a break just a minute or two in between the subjects. In this time we are allowed to talk but not leave the classroom, as they didn't want any one to disrupt other classes by walking though the halls. 
It was only 9:00 and Trisha already needed to pee. I knew as soon as I looked over at her. I couldn't believe it; she looked great wiggling in that tiny skirt. Every since I was younger I wanted to see something like this and finally I thought I just might. I got really good at calculating things like this over the years, the amount of wiggling, the restroom availability, it all added up to a pretty good chance of seeing a wetting.
The next part of the test started and I kept an eye on her. Just one break before lunch and she couldn't keep still. Finally the lunch bell– at lunch she ate quickly and then got into the restroom line. I couldn't stop watching her standing there with her light blue open toe wedges tapping. Then it was time to go back to class and since she didn't want to make a big scene in front of every body, she just started walking slowly to class. I just had to follow her since I didn't want to miss anything.
She stopped suddenly and bent over, grabbing herself, and I saw a quick splash hit the floor. I had never seen any thing like that before. Then she looked around and when she thought no one was watching, she reached up her skirt and pulled her wet panties down and off; they were soaked. Then she threw them on the floor and went to class. In class I couldn't stop looking at her– her hand was up her skirt and I knew that meant her hand was on her pussy and she was opening and closing her legs quick trying not to pee herself and I could see her hand covering her pussy. I didn't put any answers at all on the last section of the test. Lucky for me it was only a pre–test. Just two sections left and 90 minutes until school let out.
Just as the next section started she peed a little and it ran down her legs to her shoes; three streams down her legs and at that point nothing could make me look away, nothing. I knew her hand had to be wet.
Just then another squirt came, this time bigger and it didn't run down her legs– the stream landed on the floor then another followed and yet another. It was happening. She tried to get up but that just made her lose all control and it started coming out everywhere, soaking her legs, shoes, feet, and the floor around her. Her pee splashing loudly on the floor, she had both of her pee soaked hands on the desk as the pee continued to pour out. 
It seemed to go on and on and when she was done she just walked out of the class. When she left, I asked to use the restroom. After what had just happened, the teacher let me go– I didn't really have to pee, I just wanted to follow her.
I watched as she walked down the hall, her legs were shiny from pee and her shoes left wet footprints. She stopped and took off her shoes. When she bent over another squirt came out.
She walked barefoot down the hall and out of the school and to her house. Before she left she saw me and asked me to walk her home so no one else would see her. I would have done that any way but I didn't say that to her. We became friends– she needed someone to tell off the people who made fun of her and who better than me, the class clown. I didn't get to have sex with her but I did see her naked and I saw her pee on herself two more times. Both times it was out of school. We are still friends, so who knows?
By: Fate