Title: Y2K Beer & Barbecue

By: A. Quariuss

"That was a great party," Carol breathed into Randy's left ear, and then chewed softly on the lobe. "Great way the kick off the millenium," agreed Randy as he tried to get his hand under her coat and up her thigh. The car suddenly lurched to a stop, sending the entwined couple tumbling forward off the seat. Leaning back, the taxi driver took the cigarette out of his mouth. "Sorry to interrupt Romeo, but you're home," Randy disentangled from his disheveled date and collected himself. "So we are," he replied. "What do I owe you?"

The fare paid, they stepped into the chilly night air. As the car started backing out of the driveway, Randy's neighbor Barbara burst out of the apartment building, arms waving. "Taxi! Wait!" she yelled. "Hi Randy, she said as she rushed past. "We've had a power failure, and the water pipes broke. I'm going to my sister's." Barb jumped in the cab. "Happy Y2K New Year!" she called as it drove away. 

Randy and Carol watched the taillights disappear, then turned and regarded the old building. It was black as a mausoleum and twice as quiet. "Damn landlord," raved Randy drunkenly. "We'll have to chase him again for repairs." He checked his watch. Three a.m. "Let's go inside," he said firmly. "My apartment is on the first floor just past the lobby. I got an idea." "Alright," hiccuped Carol, and she felt a twinge in her bladder. 

Carol sat waiting on the living room sofa, in her coat, in the dark. Randy had disappeared, promising to be right back. She sighed, and hummed a tune. Yes, it was a great party, she reminisced, until she noticed Richard sneaking out the side door with Delores Parker, hand on her butt. Carol felt her face flush. Bastard! After that how much did she drink? Couldn't remember. Didn't matter. She thought of Rich's friend Randy asking her home. Randy was nice. Good looking and lanky, although a little bit thin on top. Where was he? She had to ask about a toilet. Carol crossed her legs. 

Randy found the beer by the fridge light and then carefully started back to the living room. He had everything he needed - candles, the barbecue, charcoals, and matches, even a battery-powered radio for mood music. How could Rich treat someone as sweet as Carol so badly? He pictured her in his mind's eye: not the greatest figure, no waist to speak of, but slim legs, cute ass, and long blonde hair. Sizeable boobs too, if he judged correctly. As Randy shuffled along in the dark, it dawned on him that he had to piss. "Not now," he thought. He was too excited about his plan. 

Minutes later, Randy stood hands on hips, in the now candle-lit living room. "What do you think?" he asked proudly, reaching for a beer. The multi-armed candelabra with four burning candles stood on the table beside the sofa, and on the floor the black metal barbecue was starting to glow hot. Carol took a gulp of beer to toast Randy's indisputable resourcefulness, and then burped. "Are you sure it's safe?" she asked doubtfully, scratching her head. 

"Sure it's safe," exclaimed Randy, as he sank on the divan beside her. The room was warming quickly. "It is kind of romantic," admitted Carol, shifting her weight as the tension mounted in her lower abdomen. "Say Randy ," she started to ask, but at that moment his mouth closed over hers. A mellow voice on the radio announced the next selection was George Frederick Handel's Water Music.

First coats, then sweaters, then boots dropped to the floor in a pile. "It would be impolite to ask about a toilet just now," Carol decided, as Randy began to fondle her breasts. "Cripes, I am going to piss a river soon," thought Randy, as he began un-buttoning Carol's turquoise blouse. The silk garment slid open to reveal voluptuous mounds of white flesh in half-cups of black lace. His eyes bulged. "Wow, jackpot!" he thought.

"My, aren't you quick on the draw?" Carol remarked, as Randy struggled with the bra hooks behind her back. "Hold it a sec," she said as she pushed him away. Randy slumped against the armrest. "Yeah lady, that's me." He tried on a John Wayne accent. "The darn fastest gunslugger in all da wet. Uh, I mean west." Carol giggled. Randy chuckled drunkenly, found his beer, tipped it back and belched. He was going to get laid and he felt great. Except for the five-alarm emergency pounding in his bladder. He tried focusing on Carol.

She was emptying her beer bottle. She then sat up straight, slipped off her blouse, and unhooked her bra. The sudden appearance of the ample bosom unfettered caught Randy by surprise - his throat tightened in mid-swallow. He choked and a mouthful of beer reversed direction and spewed all over the pink-tipped tits.

"Oh god, I'm sorry!" gasped Randy, lapsing into a spasmodic coughing fit. Carol watched him in inebriated fascination, then looked at the frothy golden liquid running down her full breasts. She snickered and leaned forward, shaking her dripping tits on Randy's red face. Then carefully lowering her chest, she buried him deep in the soft perfumed and beer-scented cleavage. "Mmmmphaart," said Randy, trying to ignore the boulder pressing in his bladder.

"Oh, this is good," Carol thickly murmured as greedy lips found stuff nipples. She felt her new blue panties getting moist, and hoped it wasn't pee because the ache in her abdomen was getting serious. "I'll cum if I don't burst first," she told herself. Encouraged by Carol's wriggling, Randy moved his hand down over her pantyhose-clad belly towards her crotch. But the lower his fingers probed, the more it felt to Carol like daggers sticking an abscessed boil. "Ouch, stop! I better do something quick," she realized. 

Carol took Randy's head in both hands and plunged her tongue into his mouth like a snake in a new burrow, minutely exploring every crevice. This made him pause. "Let's get on the rug.," she said in a husky voice, and batted her long-lashed eyes invitingly. 

In an instant, Randy was lying on his back on the floor. Carol knelt beside him, unzipped his fly and yanked his black pants down to his ankles. As she gathered his rapidly swelling cock into her mouth, Randy arched his legs, put his knees together, and tightened the muscles in his groin to keep his bladder under control. Carol started sucking loudly. "Feels so good!" Randy croaked between clenched teeth, determined not to piss in her face. 

The room was now steaming, and sweat glistened on Carol's body from the double exertion of pumping Randy's rigid dick, while trying to keep from disgorging her painfully distended water reservoir. "Gotta get him off, so I can piddle." She urgently thought. She put her free hand between her legs and pressed her trembling thighs together. She was beginning to leak: Warm piss was seeping into her panties and down the inside legs of her pantyhose. "Come on," she silently pleaded. "Cum on!" 

Desperate, Carol switched techniques. Tickling the top bulb of his erection with her fingernails, she began lapping at his balls like a dog licking a chin. Randy gasped. His but clenched hard and his legs shot straight out, kicking over the barbecue. Glowing coals spilled across the rug and floor. 

"Holy shit!," screamed Randy, sending Carol head over heels as he scrambled up. "Fire! Fire! There's no water! We need water! Help! Water!" 

Carol sprang to her feet. Quickly tearing off her pantyhose, she hoisted her skirt waist high with one hand and pulled her damp panties down with the other. She aimed at the nearest smoking coal on the rug, grunted, and fired. In a heartbeat, the rock was reduced to a hissing, smoldering lump under a torrent of piss. Randy was awe-struck by the sight. She moved like a beautiful stealth bomber around the room, seeking out target after target, taking them out in a deadly urine deluge. He was in love.

"Yes!" Randy cried, pumping a fist. "We're a goddamn fire brigade." Carol squatted over the barbecue bowl, rotating her shapely ass in circles, drenching every last ember. Eager to help, Randy opened his water valve, and immediately the spray from his still stiff cock soaked the front of his shirt. "Damn," he yelled, and tripped over his ankle-binding pants into the table beside the sofa. The candelabra bounced onto the couch, but before the flames could catch, Carol was there with one foot on the floor and the other up on the back of the seat. She had plenty left and the fire died a wet death. Lights out.

The room was black again. Smoke and the acrid smell of burned polyester fabrics filled the air. For several minutes the only sounds above the radio softy playing Debussy's La Mer were the pattering of pee and contented sighs of release. 

Randy's voice in the dark - "Uh, sweety, there's a flashlight by the telephone. How about I find a hotel and call a cab?" 

"Make sure there's a toilet, a shower, and clean bed," came the reply. 

@1352

Title: To Boldly Go......

By: Paul Tester

After the excitement in Startrek club, and at Laura's afterwards, I was afraid that the next morning would be an embarrassing anti-climax for both of us, but thankfully it was not. Waking up in bed with Laura, just as it was getting light, about six o'clock, I reached over to her and tentatively put my hand between her legs, to see if she was awake and interested. She snuggled closer, then whispered "Careful, I'm really bursting, don't press on my bladder or I might wet the bed."

I pressed my fingers between her legs to help her hold it, conscious that I also wanted to pee rather badly, though with the erection I had, I did not have much chance of peeing. Laura's hand stroked against my cock, then felt my abdomen, swollen and tender from my bursting bladder. I winced involuntarily.

"Bursting as well?" asked Laura, "I'm not surprised, the amount we drank last night. Keep holding me, it feels lovely. I don't want to get up and spoil this, but you've got to get back to your hotel, and I've got to get to work, so we've only got five minutes."

Laura's place was only a ten minute walk from my hotel, but I had to get back there, shower and change, and be ready for a breakfast meeting at 8 o'clock, so we did not have much more time, and I wanted to make the most of it, so I tried stroking Laura's clitoris while still trying to hold back her pee.

She groaned and kissed me. "Have you ever made love when you're really bursting, desperate for a pee? It's supposed to be gorgeous, and if what we did at Startrek last night was a guide, I think it would be."

"Wanting to pee always helps me get hard, like now, and makes me feel randy, but I have never tried it when I'm really desperate, though it might help me wait, since a man can't pee with an erection."

"Shall we try it tonight?" asked Laura. "I'm working at the club again; we could have a few drinks there, then I get off early, say half ten, and we try to time it so we get back here absolutely bursting, our bladders as full as we can bear. We can use the spare room, so it won't matter if we burst and pee. I can wash the sheets later."

Anything that entailed being with Laura when she was bursting was fine by me, and I was as keen to try full-bladder sex as she was. We agreed that I would leave my hotel and stay at Laura's, so we could enjoy our planned session to the full.

It was quiet night at 'Startrek' which made it easy for Laura to finish work an hour early, and to drink with me all the evening. She had to pee during the evening, we both did, but the idea was that it would not take long to fill up once we were back at her place. Laura vowed that she was going to get even fuller that the night before, 'So I absolutely have to have a bung to stop me leaking' as she put it, and wanted me in the same state, only able to hold my pee back with her help.

I was very keen on the idea of Laura desperate, even thinking about the visible swelling of her bursting bladder the night before was arousing me, but not so keen on being at the limit myself. Previous attempts at masturbating when very desperate as opposed to bursting had been painful and not that successful, and I could not bear the thought of spoiling the whole evening by not being able to get an erection. For the same reason I did not drink too much, as this was not the time for an attack of 'brewers droop.' 

Laura was wriggling about on her chair, legs crossed, when our taxi arrived, and had one hand between her legs for most of the journey. I had to unlock the door while she held herself with both hands, leaning forward as she seemed to be fighting to control herself. Inside, I could not resist her any longer, pulling her against her, running my hands over her body, stroking her breasts, then lingering on her swelling abdomen before pressing between her legs. Subjectively, she did not feel as desperate as she had been the night before, and she confirmed this, saying that she would need to drink another beer to fill right up. I was only just bursting, so another beer for me was possible, though I exaggerated my fullness to keep Laura happy.

Incredible sexual tension built up as she sat in our underwear, drinking beer and listening to music, Laura holding her crutch more and more, and frequently interrupting our conversation to say how desperate she was. 

"I want to be absolutely bursting, full to the limit, and I think I'm nearly there now," she said as she finished her beer in a long gulp. "My bladder feels enormous, swollen like a football, and I'm past the bursting and desperate stages, at the frantic, about to piss myself, point. It's only my fingers that are holding it back, I can't last long if I take my hand away. I'm going to need a really tight fitting bung to keep it back. Are you up to it?" She queried playfully, feeling my stiffening cock.

"I'll certainly be up for it." My cock was fully erect at the though of desperate Laura nearly wetting her knickers. "I'm going to need a pretty firm grip to hold my pee back as well, something to keep it capped." I was exaggerating my desperation, being no more than bursting, which made me feel slightly guilty, but not as bad as if I had not been able to get hard. I wished I was still in my twenties, when rock hard erections were available all night, every night.

Still holding her crutch, Laura led me to the bedroom, stopping twice to double over, legs knotted, both hands between her legs. This was a vision I had always dreamed of seeing. An attractive woman, wearing only sexy little knickers, fighting to control a desperate urge to pee, and deliberately doing it, at least partly for my benefit. All worries about managing an erection were gone now. My cock was bulging, stiff as an iron bar, and felt bigger than I had ever know it before.

"Walking makes it worse, I can't hold it longer. Quick! get me in bed, help me hold it back, please do something, I can't let go now, I must wait somehow!" Laura was genuinely frantic now, I had never seen anyone so close to wetting themselves. I half dragged her, still with her legs crossed, into the bedroom and laid her on the bed, adding my hand to her two pressing between her legs. She groaned and shuddered, as if she had lost control and was peeing, but she seemed to regain some control and her knickers remained dry. Taking one hand from her crutch, she stripped off my under-pants, revealing the biggest, hardest, erection I had ever had. 

"Hmm, yes," she said in approval, "that's certainly big enough to bung me up, pressing against my wee outlet, but I'm not sure there's room inside me for all of it. It feels as if I am all bladder inside me, I've never felt so desperate."

If her hard swollen abdomen was anything to go by, Laura's bladder was absolutely bursting, but how much it was filling her inside I had to find out. I slid my hard cock between her legs, and she grasped it and pressed it into the opening of her vagina. She was so wet I thought she had leaked some already, but she denied it, just being incredibly turned on by the thought of what was happening. She groaned and squirmed about, pressing the end of my cock against the front of her vagina, where her wee outlet was, whimpering with pleasure as I slipped about an inch into her.

"That works! Oh it feels so wonderful, and it really does help me hold my pee. Just hold it like that, I want to enjoy it before you go any further into me." 

We were lying on our sides, face to face, so I was able to hold the position without putting any extra pressure on our bladders. In fact, I was so excited by what we were doing that I was not aware of my bladder at all, and from the way Laura had relaxed, our combined efforts were also helping her hold her pee. 

"I'm nearly coming, just doing this," whispered Laura, "so hold still as long as you can, because if I come, I'll relax, and if I relax for a second, I'm going to pee."

"It won't take much to make me come, but it's absolutely impossible to pee, however full my bladder gets."

We hung on, holding each other tightly, kissing, and savouring the moment which we hoped would last for ever. Eventually we had to move on. By some unspoken mutual consent I began to move my cock slightly, then began to slide it further inside Laura. She felt very tight, even thought she was so wet. It might have been because she was lying on her side, legs together, or it might have been her bladder pressing her vagina closed. I was about to say something when she gasped, gripped me tightly, pressing her legs together, stopping me going into her.

"A sudden, oh so desperate need to pee," she explained, "I almost lost it, it was so intense. You must be pressing against my bladder."

"You're very tight, I'll go as slowly and gently as I can."

"I'm so desperate, worse that I have ever been before, my bladder feels enormous, close to exploding. If it gets any worse my belly button is going to pop out."

I waited a few moments to let Laura regain control, then tried to slide further into her again. The sexual tension was tremendous, and I just had to be rubbing my cock against something; it was impossible to keep still any longer. I was about half-way in Laura and she was shuddering, whimpering, with delight or desperation, I neither knew or cared. Another gasp and her hand was pushing between us, grabbing my cock and pressing it hard against the front of her vagina. 

"I want to piss! Oh God! I want to piss! It's never, ever, been so bad. I must hold it, I must make myself wait, even if it kills me. It's agony, yet if feels so gorgeous, I've got to hold out longer."

We were both close to the peak, we wanted the moment to last, but it we could not restrain our bodies. I pushed my cock hard into Laura; she was so tight the sensation was wonderful. I was on the brink of coming, half a dozen strokes and I was there, totally out of control, thrusting into Laura with all my might, regardless of what it might do to her distended bladder.

My first thrust into her made Laura cry out, "No, please no!, I can't stand it."

When I didn't stop her body went tense, almost rigid, as, I found out afterwards, she made one last great effort to hold back her pee, then she was pressing against me, arms round me, and somehow she rolled me over on my back and she was astride me, forcing herself down on my cock as hard as I was thrusting into her. As I came, her nails dug into my shoulders, and with one final great shudder, she cried out "I can't wait!" between clenched teeth.

Instants later she began to pee. The pressure in her bladder must have been enormous, she should have produce an absolute torrent, but my cock was still pressed hard against her wee outlet, so her pee seemed to spray everywhere. All over my stomach, over my balls, between my legs. 

Laura was clinging to me, almost incoherent, gasping out things like, "At last." "Oh the pressure!" "It feels so good to let it go." "I can't stop, I'm going to pee forever."

Eventually she did stop, and we lay together, hugging and kissing, in the soaked bed, Laura occasionally wriggling about to try and keep me erect and inside her. But I was spent, and her efforts were in vain. As I subsided so my need to pee returned with a vengeance. I was desperate, especially with Laura still laying on my bladder, and she must have guessed this. She leaned forward, pressing harder, then felt to see if I was swollen. Then she was pressing her hand hard down, making my need to pee almost unbearable.

"I'm going to press until you burst," she whispered sadistically, "I want you to pee inside me, to feel the full pressure of your desperate bladder, when you simply can't hold it another second."

Her full weight was on my swollen bladder, so it was a pleasure to stop fighting to hold my pee, but to our disappointment, I could not produce the blast of pee Laura wanted to feel. Maybe male plumbing does not allow that, but however hard she pressed I could only produce a slower than normal stream. It was only that this went on for hours, so it seemed, that showed I had been bursting.

Once I was empty, we found that lying in a wet bed was not turning us on, so, leaving the soaking mess for the morning, we showered and returned to Laura's normal, dry bed. As we cuddled together, we agreed that it had been a wonderful experience, better than we had hoped for. Laura affirmed again that she had never in her life wanted to pee so badly, even before I was inside her, and that had taken her to a level of desperation she had not believed possible. 

"Oh the pressure when I let go," she said, "I've been trying to pee like that for years, and never managed it before. I thought my outlet was too narrow, but I just was not desperate enough."

After a pause for kissing, Laura asked, "Can you still be here tomorrow night? I want to try to repeat that pee pressure, but in a pub loo, because I have always been amazed to hear the pressure some girls pee. I'll need an escort, someone who knows what I am doing, to buy me drinks, to stop me going to the loo when my resolve weakens, to make me wait until my absolute limit."

Was I going to miss something like that? To see Laura again anyway, I would have driven back from Scotland, and to see her frantic, right at her limit, in public, I would have walked to the moon and back.

Note: The original evening at the 'Startrek Club' referred to in the opening paragraph was described in an entry to one of the earlier competitions, Month Eleven I think, about 3 years ago. For some reason, femaledesperation.com always referred to it as the 'Starburst' club, whether to avoid copy-right infringement, or an association with the state of some female bladders in the club. 

After the original Startrek story, femaledesperation.com was most concerned about the fate of the bucket of pee Laura left behind at the club, so much so that I had to re-write the ending to explain this away. To avoid a similar concern about the spare bed, there was a cover over the mattress, and Laura left the sheets etc in the washing machine (on cycle 1, double hot wash,) when she went to work. 
