Vickie was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable as she placed the deviled eggs onto the picnic table at her family reunion. Her bladder was rapidly filling but she had already decided that she would ignore it. She was the teenager designated to help the grown–ups organize the tables and offerings and she was determined to complete her tasks. She was, as all the other young ladies before her at these reunions, honored to take part in setting the table. And, she was determined that nothing would interfere with her enjoyment of these proceedings.
But now, she was instructed to place a dab of soft cheese on a thousand or so, she thought, small crackers and arrange them in a fashionable manner on the table. While carrying out this task Vickie wondered how she would avoid a wetting accident in case it happened. But, she wasn't too desperate yet so she went about her chores in a relaxed attitude. Yet the very fact that she had wondered about a wetting accident worried her somewhat. Was her wondering an omen?
She had now been tugged over to one of the busy grills where hamburgers, hot dogs, and pork chops were being grilled. Her assignment to the grills coincided perfectly with the increased pressure in her bladder. Vickie had become desperate to relieve herself and at the same time become excessively involved in the preparation of the day's meals, and making an impression on her elders. Vickie was determined to keep her desperation a secret, as she was sure that she would be able to relieve herself in a dignified manner a little while later.
Vickie was dressed in overalls that were especially cut to the female form. There was a bib and shoulder straps but the pants were snug and the hips were enclosed by a double row of buttons on each side. The lack of a fly front made the overalls even more feminine. The snugness of fit over her wonderful hips made sure that anyone who saw Vickie would know immediately that she was a girl regardless of her dress. Under the bibs she wore a white blouse and on her feet she wore deck shoes without socks. Before this day was over Vickie would wonder what she should have worn that would have prevented her so much humiliation.
By now, she was turning burgers, dogs, and chops while cross–legged. Vickie's need to pee at this time was mandatory. At the grill she was able to fidget, prance and when no one was looking, she was able to grab herself in an effort to keep from wetting herself. But, the need to attend the cooking and the fact that there were many looking on kept her from holding herself and also kept her from fidgeting. She didn't want anyone to know how badly she needed relief. Finally her aunt noticed her desperation.
"Vickie," said her aunt, "You don't have to put it off so long while preparing the table. The initiation does not require you to wet yourself. Please, take this opportunity to go to the bathroom." "I'll relieve you and you can go anywhere you like. Please don't put it off any longer. None of us want to see you wet yourself."
Vickie thanked her aunt and headed to the porta–potties about 100 yards away. To Vickie's horror she noted that she could not walk fast and therefore may not reach the potties before wetting herself. Her full bladder kept her slightly doubled over, while walking with mincing steps. But, Vickie was determined to get to the toilet and relieve herself in a normal fashion. She stood straight up and strode purposely to the porta–potties. Tears were streaming down her face from the strain but she bravely trudged on.
Inside the nearest porta–potty, Vickie snapped off the two straps of her bibbed–overalls and then backed up to the stool. She began to unbutton the right side of her stonewashed bib–overalls. The buttons were not undoing with ease. Vickie was alternating between grabbing herself and trying to unbutton her overalls. "Dear God," thought Vickie, "what am I going to do? If I hold myself I don't wet. But, if I let go so I can get my pants down I will wet all over myself. How can I get my pants down?"
In the meantime her crotch was getting pretty wet from dribbles and spurts. Vicki was desperately holding her pee and losing.
Finally, in the porta–potty, Vickie decided quickly that she couldn't hold her pee any longer. She was doubled up with both hands in her crotch. She swung her butt around to the stool and sat on it whereupon she let go and lost all semblance of control. Vickie was now peeing into a commode but her pee was going through her stone washed bib overalls leaving a huge dark wet patch in the seat of her bib overalls. When Vickie finally stood up she looked at her crotch and noticed that no evidence of her accident showed in the front of her overalls. But, on inspection of her backside she saw nothing but drenching wetness. Vickie now realized that she had wet herself like a little girl and that she could not possibly hide her accident from others.
How to move around without showing her rear was Vickie's problem now. "I guess I may just admit that I did indeed wet myself. After all, my backside is soaked, I am wet, I also am humiliated."
DaveJ