Full Bladder Punishment
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by itcrowdily on January 3rd, 2011 at 3:46AM

Gloria knew that she had to pee, so she went up and asked the teacher, Miss Baker, if she could go. Now, Miss Baker wasn't an especially mean teacher, nor was she an especially kind teacher. She kind of sat in the middle and was affected by what the students were doing. But anyway, back to the story. Gloria asked Miss Baker if she could go, but Miss Baker said it was recess just five munites ago and if she asked again she would be in big trouble. About ten minutes later Miss Baker looked over at Gloria.

Gloria sat at the back of the class, alone. She had both hands jammed in her crotch with legs crossed rocking back and forth. Another twenty minutes later, Gloria got up and asked if she could go again. Miss Baker told her that she could go but she would have to come to the office at lunch time for a detention if she did. Gloria knew she could not wait another hour for lunch, so she accepted the punishment and went to the toilet. She came back looking relieved, and an hour later the bell went for lunch. 

Miss Baker walked over to Gloria and asked her to bring her maths book, and then led her to the office. They went inside, and Miss Baker took Gloria into her office. Inside her office she opened a secret door behind the bookcase, and led Gloria down a narrow set of stairs. The stairs led Gloria into a small room with a fridge. Miss Baker told her that she could have as much coke from the fridge as she liked, and she would be back soon. Now, Gloria loved coke, so she got out two big bottles and skulled them. She got another third bottle, and sipped it as she did her home work. Little did Gloria know, that the coke had been laced with a special chemical, created by Miss Baker, that would cause all the coke to stay in her stomach for 20 minutes and then woosh into her bladder all at once.

The door opened and in came Miss Baker. She took Gloria over to a table and told her to lie down. As she lay down, metal straps clicked over her ankles. She sat up in suprise, and pulled at the straps. She yelled at miss Baker to help her, but Miss Baker simply took hold of her arms and clicked metal straps ovcer them. 

The table rotated so that it was standing upright. Gloria struggled and yelled, but Miss Baker told her that this room was completley soundproof. Miss baker inserted a catheter into her bladder and explained that for the next 12 hours, she would be strapped in this machine. The machine would gradually put pressure on her bladder, and she would not be able to pee not one little bit. Gloria said that it was no big deal, she had just been to the toilet an hour ago, but Miss Baker warned her that in about five minutes all of that coke woul flush straight into her bladder. Gloria turned pale, as she had a weak bladder. Suddenly, she had to pee. It wasn't just an, I can hold it awhile, kkind of pee, it was an I HAVE TO PEE kind ofpee. An arm extended from the machine, with a large metal square on it. It placed itseflf over her bladder, and began slowly putting pressure on her. At first it wasnt that bad, it actually felt kind of good, but after 15 minutes, she waws struggling to get away from it.

