Kelly, Meet the Mother-in-Law
	(Female Desperation)
Written by PeeDancingLover

It was a glorious Sunday afternoon. Kelly Black was nervous. Her fiance, James Green, was planning on introducing her to his widowed mother Susan.

Mrs. Green was hosting the engaged couple to a picnic on her wooden patio. As the couple arrived, Kelly was a little anxious to get inside and find a bathroom. The cup of coffee she had consumed for breakfast was starting to hit her bladder.

She was wearing a white T-shirt and gray cotton shorts. Susan greeted them at the door. Before Kelly could ask for the bathroom, however, Susan escorted them to the patio.

They sat around a table and chit-chated for awhile. After an hour of so, Kelly was really aware of her bladder. She finally mustered up enough courage to ask Susan. Blushing, she said, "Um, May I-uh-May I use your bathroom?"

Susan grinned, "What's the matter, honey - Do you need to pee?"

"Uh-huh," affirmed Kelly, embarassed by Susan's lack of modesty.

Susan got a twinkle in her eye. "Have you ever not gone when you had to pee?"

"What do you mean?"

"Have you ever tried waiting to see how long you can hold it?"

"Uh-no," replied Kelly.

"Why don't you try it now?" smiled Susan.

Kelly looked at her fiance - he was smiling. Kelly was horrified at the thought of holding her pee - but she didn't want to cross her soon to be mother-in-law.

"Well, I guess so - allright," she answered reluctantly.

"Oh goody!" gushed Susan. "Now, let me get you a bottle of water to drink." She got up and went to the kitchen.

Kelly looked at James. "I think your mother's crazy."

"Aw, honey, just play along - she's great - you'll see."

Susan returned with the bottle of water, and Kelly started drinking it.

Within a half-hour the urge to pee had intensified sharply. Kelly crossed her left leg over the right and swung her left foot around, trying to ease the pain.

"Th-I really have to pee," she said. "Have you ever pee yourself?" asked Susan.

"Not since I was 4 or 5," answered Kelly, wincing. "Ooohh-th-god!" Kelly leaned forward and rubbed her hands on her thighs as she squeezed her legs together. "Th-Oh god! Th! I-th-have to pee so bad! Ohhh! Th!"

The urge eased a little and Kelly straightened up. She uncrossed her legs and started tapping her knees together gently. By now, the pain in her bladder was severe.

Suddenly, Kelly's bladder spasmed. "Ohhhh! Th-th!"

Kelly lurched up from her chair, her bladder spasming sharply as gravity pulled at it. "Oh god!" groaned Kelly as her pee surged down her urethra to her burning pee hole. "Th-Ohhhh! I'm not-th-going to-th-make it! Ohhhh!"

Kelly staggered off the patio onto the grass. No sooner did she reach it when her bladder let go. A huge gusher of pee rocketed out of her pee hole, drenching her white cotton panties and gray cotton shorts, hissing onto the grass sith a "schllllt" sound like a fire hose.

"Ohhh gooood! Ohhhhh my gooooood!" moaned Kelly.

"Does it feel good to finally be peeing?" Susan asked, grinning.

"Un huh!" moaned Kelly. She stood frozen as her pee kept spraying out, soaking her panties, shorts, and legs.

After a full minute, the flow ebbed and trickled to a stop. Kelly walked stiffly toward the patio, her shoes squishing wetly. James looked at his watch, "Okay , I think we should be heading home now."

"Oh sure, now that I peed myself!" exclaimed Kelly.

