Katie is Humiliated

by Cascade

Katie is Humiliated - her teacher won't let her be excused to the toilet!

Katie wets her panties in front of a Bi teacher, she's so turned on!

Bi Water Lesson

I'm Katie and when I was a 17-year-old girl at college, we had a young female tutor; Miss Johns who expressed extreme annoyance with girls who she assumed were not to be paying enough attention, usually because they needed a pee. She would then invite them to sit at the front of the seminar. I noticed that her preference was always the good-looking ones. It was plain that those chosen appeared embarrassed by this treatment, as opposed to letting them leave the class for a much needed toilet break, her treatment was more becoming to young girls than the mature students that she taught.

Yet although they could have ignored or even turned down the invitation or just walked out, they almost appeared mesmerised by the situation, but still they often appeared disturbed, frequently they paid less attention and fidgeted about, generally wriggle around and finished up by being asked to remain behind after everyone had gone. Jane, a friend of mine said that when she was in my year, she had been so treated. When I asked what she had done to be singled out for such embarrassing treatment, she told me it always seemed to occur when she had been in the student's bar drinking and had forgotten to go to the toilet before going into a seminar and added that she once went home with wet knickers.

Although I questioned her, she was un-willing to explain further. I had seen Miss Johns looking at me before and I must admit, I had a crush on her. I resolved to find out for myself just what it was all about. So, one day I set out to duplicate Jane's situation. I dressed carefully in my shortest college skirt, a well pressed blouse, white ankle socks and trainers with a pair of white 'fancy' pants. I made sure Miss Johns saw me in the student's bar during the lunch break where I drank a couple of pints of lager. As I was leaving the bar, intending to call into the loo, Miss Johns stopped me in the corridor and told me to hurry up, or I'd be late. I protested (as I'd planned) that I needed to go to the toilet first, but as I expected she said, "You're already late, a little bit of disciplined waiting might make you remember to leave the bar a bit earlier next time."

Entering the seminar room she told me to sit at the front. For a while it wasn't too bad, but as time went on, I found it increasingly difficult to ignore my straining bladder and I wondered what I had started. After about an hour or so I was forced to ask, "Please could I be excused?"

I yearned to pee myself and cum at the same time

Well of course, she refused. I had to squirm around and put my hand between my legs like a little girl about to wet herself. I felt embarrassed, but also strangely excited and little thrills ran up my legs making my pussy tingle and go wet and not just with leaked pee. I was aware that she was staring up my skirt, almost willing me to wet myself. I had a strong feeling that the situation was turning her on. I decided to exaggerate the position, so while pressing my fanny with my hand, I allowed some of the contents of my bursting bladder to trickle into the gusset of my panties. I had to press very hard to stop it and I found that, not only had I wet the front of my nics, but also some pee had soaked under my bum.

I deliberately hitched my skirt higher so that my wet knickers would not escape her notice and they didn't! Her eyes widened and she gave an involuntary gasp as she continued her lecture. She indicated to me that I should go and stand beside her at her desk that shielded me from the sight of the rest of the gathered seminar, but strangely, she didn't actually tell me off. She spoke quietly so that only I could hear. She whispered, "You're practically wetting yourself aren't you? Your legs are trembling, I bet you would like to let it all go!"

She told me to take my hand from between my legs. I had to unwillingly extract my hand that had been my comfort to aid me in my struggle to avert me from fully pissing my pants. I instantly went to thrust my hand back there, but because I was standing, I felt that I just could not hold it any longer and I was about to piss myself in front of Miss Johns and the captive audience. Although I felt humiliated, I felt so randy as well. I wanted my hand between my legs for more reasons than one! I yearned to pee myself and cum at the same time, as I often do in private and I had a pretty good idea that Miss Johns knew this too.

By this time, it was the end of the class and everyone was leaving, but Miss Johns asked me to stay behind. By now I had abandoned all pretence and had been compelled to put my hand up my skirt, pressing hard between my legs, wanting to wee so, so badly, god I needed to go! The fact that I was on the verge of almost cumming as well was making me so excited, this made my legs tremble with delight and anticipation. The whole situation was now one that we both understood. My sphincter strained to hold back the piss that threatened to squeeze its way out into my white frilly knickers and make me a dirty girl. She smiled at me in a knowing way.

Then, it happened as I smiled back and I knew it would be alright, there was no need to hold on any longer. I relaxed and let a really large spurt go. My panties seemed to fill up, then I felt the wetness burst through the front of my white pants, down my legs and soaking my socks and trainers and forming a puddle round my feet. Once I had started I found it was so hard to stop, but I managed to after about ten seconds. My bladder felt a little better, but I still desperately needed to finish. I felt my face flush with humiliation, but I could not refrain from rubbing my clit through my sopping knickers. Miss Johns began, "Poor Katie, wetting your panties in seminar like a little girl, but you pee'd like the big dirty girl that you are.

Look at you, you're sopping wet, it was all that lager that you drank wasn't it? Lift your skirt and bend over. Oh dear! You're wearing frilly panties, NON-college regulation ones as well! Do you know the punishment for that? Oh but I think you have suffered enough, or have you? Holding yourself like that, why, you almost seem to be enjoying it, were you having a little wet wank? I shall take these tissues and wipe you dry."

My bum and my legs became hot and wet, I was wet with piss

As she wiped me she kept brushing against my mound, making me wriggle against her hand. "My my, what is all this about? Does Katie want something extra? I can see that you are desperate, sit on my lap and let's attend to your need."

She spread her legs so I could sit on her lap facing her and said, "I want to feel your fingers up the side of MY panties. " I did as she asked and to my amazement, I found that they too were soaking wet and when I gasped with surprise, she said, "Yes, you're not the only one who wets herself in seminar and gets turned on by it." At that point her fingers were thrusting in and out of my piss soaked fanny, leading me towards a screaming orgasm. My legs danced as if they had a life of their own and sensations of delight ripped through me and the piss rhythmically spurted, gushing through the flimsy panties material and directly onto Miss John's crutch and my hand at the same time. My bum become hot and wet as I pushed the gusset to one side, so that my eager piss stream was drilling onto her panties over her clit. That really pushed her over the edge and she gave a groan, followed by an ooooohhhhh ffffuuuuccckkkk!!!!"

Afterwards she took me into the store room and sorted out clean gym skirt and pants for both of us while saying, "Now we don't want this going any further do we? So DON'T tell anyone, but I've a feeling that you would never do that." And she was right!

