A Day In The Office
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by wetter18 on January 3rd, 2011 at 3:52AM

Sarah's eyes flicked between the computer screen and the clock, another 20 minutes to complete the report, she was never going to get it done on time and to make matters worse her bladder had been throbbing uncomfortably for the last 40 minutes. Now it was really starting to become unbearable. She move her attention back to the screen and tried to keep typing but it took all her concentration just to keep her thighs clamped shut and her pee inside her.

A loud ringing surprised her, she leapt up in her seat as a spurt of hot piss leapt from her soaking threw her panties, dribbling down her thighs onto her tight light grey business skirt. Her hand shot between her legs and she managed to cut off the flow but there was no way she could continue working. She looked around the office, no one seemed to have noticed but she still had to hobble off to the toilet with an agonisingly obvious wet patch on her ass, which all the guys were going to check out anyway

Why wouldn't they she always dressed to impress, read dress to excite. The skirt that showed of her round curvy ass, a fraction to short, tight enough that when she bent over you could see the outline of her lacy black thong underneath. Her large D cup breasts got the same treatment, matching lacy bra (with just a little padding) that pushed her boobs up to form a huge cleavage that spilled out of her low cut top. A girl had to get a date somehow. Leaving the phone ringing she quickly dashed towards the toilets.

The running motion had made her bladder ready to burst. She had to go. Now. As she opened the door to the toilet she pulled her skirt above her waste. As she entered the booth she had no time she had no time to close the door in one motion she pulled down her thong and spurted hot piss down into the bowl so hard little drops splashed back up covering her bare pussy and ass.

Finally, she breathed a sigh of release as the last dribbles came to a stop. She grabbed handfuls of toilet paper and quickly dried of her dripping crotch. He reached again for the toilet paper to try and clean her skirt. There were only a few sheets left, she took them all started trying to clean the large dark spot caused by her earlier accident.

That will have to do. Pulling up her thong, straitening out her skirt she stood up and headed for the door when it was opened from the other side. In the door way stood the small Asian frame of her very unpopular boss and her very annoying assistant behind her, the office all called the boss mistress behind her back because she treated them all like slaves, and now her face was contorted with rage.

“Where have you been” she shouted “I call you at your desk, I say I need report now, you not there. I walk to your desk, you not there, I ask where you gone and Frank say you walked off to the toilet a few minutes ago, he said you looked like you had an accident.” With every word she was moving toward the startled Sarah finger pointed accusingly. Sarah tried her best to keep out of range shuffling backwards. 

“Having an accident is what you call a euphemism in English, a nice way of saying things. Do you know what the bad way is, you pissed yourself, in my office, you pissed yourself do you think that is acceptable, you supposed to be professional, look at you, take off that skirt it far to short anyway. Sarah obliged, she had no run out of room to retreat into after having walked all the way back into the stall. “And look at those panties, you are professional not a whore, take them off” Sarah slipped the tiny black thong down her legs and tears began to well in her eyes she stood with showing her boss her bare pussy. As she was looking down at her bald pussy her bosses' eyes caught sight of the empty toilet paper dispenser and an angry grunt came out of her mouth.

“Now I didn't tell my staff not to dress like whores, or piss themselves when they are at work and maybe that was my fault” She pointed to a sign on the toilet stall that Sarah had seen 100 times before “but there is a clear sign 'If you finish the toilet paper you must replace it – No Exceptions. You think you are above rules don't you, well I think you need to be punished, and the punishment should fit the crime, for dressing like a whore, I'm going to keep your skirt and panties for the rest of the day, and for not using the last of the toilet paper you are going to be the office's toilet paper for today, my assistant will demonstrate.” 

Her assistant promptly nodded and headed into an adjacent stall. She close the door and Sarah could here the unmistakeable sound of pee splashing down into the bowl. While this was happening her boss had been purposefully removing her belt form her skirt. “Turn around” she barked. Sarah was powerless to disobey. “Hands behind your back” came the order. Sarah felt the leather of her belt cutting into her wrists as her hands were firmly secured.

The sound of flushing broke the silence and the assistant stepped out skirt above her waste, her panties in her hand and stood in front of her. “Kneel” Sarah dropped to her knees and was now face to face with a thick bush of dark pubic hair damp and matted with piss. Suddenly a hand grabbed Sarah's hair and shoved her nose first into her pussy. “Lick it clean.” Sarah started sobbing her tears mixing with the droplets of piss suspended in the thick carpet. She stuck out her tongue half heartedly as the hand dragged her up and down the nasty slit until all the piss was on Sarah's face or tongue.

“Now she will stand outside and make sure everyone knows the rules, you will be here until 5 o'clock, and you better do a better job than you were doing with that report.” They went out and Sarah was left naked from the waste down kneeling on the dirty bathroom floor, her mouth filled with the taste of piss waiting to be found by her colleagues. She had never been so humiliated in her whole life and now she was powerless to do anything as all the people she liked and worryingly all the people she disliked came an found her and pressed there dirty genitals into her face.

She did not have to wait long before her first customer came. “Wow, I thought she was joking and yet here you are” It was Jenny, she didn't really know her but she had always seemed like a nice person. “Nice outfit by the way”she said heading into the stall. Sarah cringed and tried to pull her knees together to hide her pussy. “That boss is really a psycho isn't she” Came a voice over the stall wall over the splashing sound of Jenny's bladder emptying “told me I'd be in here next if I didn't go along with it, and to be honest I could really do with having my cunt licked, you know, release some stress and all that” The stall door opened and Jenny, skirt above her waste and panties round her ankles shuffled towards her. 

She stopped in front of a pathetic looking Sarah who reached her tongue out and began lapping at the fold in Jenny's messy cunt. At least she had trimmed her pubic hair back. Sarah was defiantly not a lesbian, she didn't even like giving guys blow jobs but a wave of duty swept over her. If she was going to have to be a piss servant, than she was going to be a good one. After flicking her tongue exhaustively into every crevice she leant back, disgusted with her self but pleased with the job she did.

“What do you think your doing, your not done, now I want to cum on your pretty little face and you don't want me to tell the boss you didn't do a good enough job do you” she said stoking her hair patronisingly “So I suggest you get that tongue back on my clit and get sucking.” She was right Sarah didn't want to disappoint her boss any more, she leaned forward and started work.

She had never given a woman head before but she knew what she liked, slowly she ran her lips up and down Jenny's, ever so softly, barley grazing it, up towards her clit but stopping just before then slowly down again. Jenny was getting really wet now, her excitement mixing with her piss in Sarah's mouth, god she was a whore. Now she got her lips involved more, kissing and sucking her lips gently, things were hotting up. Finally it was time for the tongue, dancing and shaking between her lips, stabbing the opening to her hole.

“Urrg, stop teasing me and suck my clit” Jenny screamed. She was ready. Sarah locked her lips around her erect clit, sucking hard. The response was immediate. Jenny started moaning and howling and bucking her hips but she couldn't shake Sarah loose and with a scream and a rush of fluids she came.

“Thanks a lot slut” pulling up her panties and rolling down her skirt “oops you got a little something on your chin” Sarah struggled to wipe the cum that was rolling down her face but her hands were secure behind her back. “don't worry, you can hardly see it, say I wonder if people could hear me screaming, I hope so” and with a wink she was gone and Sarah was left on her own again to contemplate what the office must be thinking of her. 

How was she going to go to work tomorrow, how could she tell anyone what to do, how could she look anyone in the eye. It might not be as bad as all that, she was only in the girls toilet so none of the guy would know, and only a few people had seen her like this so far. Maybe people wouldn't talk about it either, maybe it was too embarrassing to have some slut lick pee of your cunt to talk about. Damn even she was calling herself a slut, maybe she was a slut.

“Hay there whore” we came to see what all the fuss was about. It was Clare and Lucy, there were each other's best friends but they got on all right with Sarah surely they wouldn't be too harsh. “Yeah the whole office is talking about you, Jenny got on her knees and did an impression, it was hilarious.” Clare had gone into the stall already while Lucy stood over her ominously. Do you remember that day you got promoted? Well I do.” 

She unbuckled her belt and undid her fly “That's because I was up for promotion too, but they turned me down” Now her trousers her round her ankles along with her panties. 'Lucy doesn't have the right image for management team, well your not looking to good yourself now” A spurt of piss leapt from her pussy hitting her right in the chest. Her soaked shirt went see through instantly.

The warmth spread all down her body flowing down between her legs and over her pussy. It was quite nice actually, the feeling of the the moving liquid, the warmth even the smell. No what was she thinking, she was being pissed on, it was disgusting, she was disgusting. The flow trickled to a stop. “Don't worry I can clean my self off” she said wiping her pussy with her hand then smearing it over Sarah's face. “I don't know where you've been” she said with a clear tone of digust “and anyway I wouldn't want to spoil your appetite, Clare has a treat for you”

With that a flush came from the stall and a semi naked Clare stepped out. With a firm kick to her shoulder she knocked Sarah of balance and left her lying awkwardly on her back. “Well since I had to do all that washing when you slept with my boyfriend in my bed... I hope you don't mind” She said standing over her head facing towards her feet “I've got a bit of extra cleaning for you to do.”

With that she started squatting down and Sarah could clearly smell something that was defiantly not piss. Before she had time to think her mouth was covered by a wet cunt and her nose thrust squashed into a dirty ass hole as she took Clare's wait on her face. “I don't know how well you can breath down there slut, but I'm not moving till your done so you better hurry up”

Sarah didn't need to be told twice and started hastily slurping away at her third pussy of the day. She must have looked so desperate. Lucy standing over her watching her lick Clare's shitty ass, and quickly at that, she must have looked like she was enjoying it. Happy that her pussy was clean Clare shifted her weight forward and brought her ass hole into range of Sarah's tongue. The smell was disgusting and the taste made her retch but the quicker she did it the sooner it would be over. And she had to do a good job for her mistress, for Clare, she meant for Clare. Even more quickly this time she tongued the orifice, around it up and down the valley of her butt cheeks. “Don't forget to do inside as well lazy slut.”

Lazy she was not, she would do her job well. Thrusting her tongue up Clare's spit covered ass hole she explored her bowel as far as she could. “Okay that's enough your not supposed to be enjoying yourself” She stood up and stood next to Lucy. “god she was really going for it I think she was enjoying herself the slag”

“yeah look her pussy is all wet, she loves this shit, freak”. With that they turned and left turning the lights out as they closed the door.

Her pussy wasn't really wet was it, it was just Lucy's pee, yeah that was it. She had never been treated this way before, so used, so humiliated in front of all the people that used to respect her, now they saw her for the slut she was, oh my god. She was enjoying it. Sitting there in the dark with piss covering her and the taste of shit in her mouth she tried to reach forward and run her erect clit. She pushed and pulled and stretched but the belt around her wrists held tight her arms stayed behind her back and her pussy was left aching for relief.

The door opened again and the light flickered on but she couldn't see who it was from her position on the floor. “hey there sexy, you've got yourself into quite a state there.” Oh thank god it was her friend Sophie. Maybe she could untie her hands, or give her dripping pussy some attention. “Wow Clare wasn't lying you really are wet for this, I never knew you were such a kinky bitch.” from here she could see right up her skirt to her bald pussy. Why wasn't she wearing any panties.

I did have this whole speech planned about, I'm sorry but how many chances to you have to do this, but if your enjoying yourself I better just get on with it. “she started squatting over Sarah's head. Sarah opened her mouth to object but it was immediately filled with hot urine. She was not expecting it and it went strait to her windpipe making her cough and splutter, mean while her blonde hair had turned into a dark tangled mess, her nose was filled with the stuff and it was getting in her eyes as well.

It was over fairly quickly and Sarah took a large gulp of air. “Thanks Saz, I've always wanted to do that to someone, always assumed it would be my boyfriend. Anyway i've come to tell you your time is up” She helped her to her feet and she stumbled towards the door. Opening it she saw the whole office had assembled in a large semicircle around the door to see her. Well here she was drenched head to foot in other people's piss wearing nothing but a see through blouse and bra and a dripping wet pussy. What a whore.

She tried to walk back to her desk but as she tried to push through the crowd but they wouldn't let her through. A pair of hands grabbed her tits from behind. Another roughly squeezing her arse, an erect penis was pressed against her side. She kept pushing through until a finger was crudley shoved deep into her pussy. “Oh yes” she screamed finnaly getting the relief she needed.

The men of the office all heard and came running, a naked horny chick in the middle of the office desperate for sex, it was there lucky day. A hand took a tight grip on her hair and pulled her head down until she was bend over at the waste and eye to eye to a huge cock. She knew what was expected of her instantly and started sucking it furiously as she felt another cock about to penetrate her pussy when a large shout made everything quite.

The cock was taken out of her mouth and she was allowed to stand up again. In front of her stood a furious employer. “I tried to teach you a lesson, I tried to make you a professional and as soon as you finished you make every man in my office horny you whore. You not understand at all you need another punishment.” Her pussy was throbbing “Yes mistress punish me”

“because you have got all the men horny tomorrows punishment will to wait in the men's toilet all day and take care of there every need, do you except your punishment.

An orgasm finally rocked through Sarah as she pictured the myriad of depravities she would have to do all day tomorrow. Sarah smiled. “Yes Mistress”

please comment if you want me to write more

Coments:

nalatrebor - 61-65 years old - male: That was a fantastic story. You have a real gift. Love to read more pee stories. Thanks 

ronavie - 46-50 years old - male: very nice story. 

