Opening the Floodgates

by Michelle

So I've been working too hard, and last Saturday's invite to a party was a Godsend. Work for a while, spend a very long time putting on very little, go for a drink with the girls (club sodas in my case) and then on to the party. OK, subtract the guys who're partnered already and there are still plenty to spare. Play it cool. A girl intending to get herself laid doesn't throw herself at everything in pants - the flirts that do will usually back out when the action starts to hot up. Actually, I'm fussy about whom I take to bed, and don't meet anyone I fancy all that much.

One guy, Tony, curly black hair, real handsome, takes a shine to me. Too smooth, too much of a patter merchant, normally I'd give him a wide berth, but there's no doubt he's experienced, good at seduction, and I haven't had anything for a long time. Also, I'm not under-sexed. So, when his kisses have got me hot, when his hands are judging nicely the difference between grope and tease, I relax, let it happen. Not my dream guy, but he'll do for tonite.

So I let myself go. He senses he has me, backs off a little (clever) and I find I'm making the running. Now, that gets me hot! We dance close, my hard nipples pushing into him. I feel him harden. I feel myself moisten. Getting past the point where how soon matters more than who. His hand drops to my buns.

'Hey,' he says, 'You're hot!'

'Uhuh,' I kiss him, 'and how do you know?'

'Had a girl wet and willing before, but not so I can feel it thru her clothes.'

Suddenly I realise I'm letting myself go too far. I've relaxed one muscle too many and a warm little widdle is snaking down the inside of my thighs. He might think it sexual excitement from the back, but as soon as he investigates further, he'll know what I've done. And there's no way I'm going to stop him investigating further! I decide honesty is the only solution.

'You got me all sexed up,' I say. 'That makes me wet.'

He grins a self satisfied grin. 'Sure seems to,' he says.

'No, I mean wet. Like, wet myself.'

This takes a few seconds to get thru. 'You mean you're...' He leads me into a dark corner and investigates. I'm still not flooding, but way past the point of no return. He takes my arm none too gently.

'Don't want puddles on the carpet.' He says. I agree with that, but it doesn't strike me as the nicest thing he could've said. We go to the john, sorry, loo. Locked of course. The kitchen has a tiled floor and I make a discreet, grateful puddle, which he mops up with a towel.

'Finished?' he asks.

'For the time being. Take me to bed.'

'Not here. Don't want to ruin the mattress.' Thoughtful of him I suppose, although folks who give parties without putting mattress covers on the beds are asking for trouble.

'I'll take you home,' he continues.

Actually, I'm not sure that's a good idea. The party's still got hours to go, no reason why we can't have a quick bang now and then party some more before going to bed for the nite. I look at the towel in the sink. Maybe there is.

On the sidewalk, waiting for a taxi, I spread my legs and empty my bladder thru my filmy panties. I'd rather be wetting a little at a time, as part of foreplay, but I don't think that's on. Somehow, the magic's gone out of the evening, although the bulge in his trousers tells me he's still interested. He helps me on with my coat - not obvious to the taxi driver I'm wet, and anyway the seat covers are plastic and I don't mess them. Into my flat. We kiss. He removes my clothes carefully, dropping them on a warm wet heap on the floor. No worries about my carpet it seems.

He hangs his own clothing neatly over a chair. Stark naked, we stare at each other, as if unsure of what to do next.

'Let's do it in the shower,' he says. Now, I like doing it in the shower, but somehow I reckon he's got ulterior motives.

He lifts me bodily and carries me thru. Like that. Like soaping him, love him soaping me. I kneel, the warm water running thru my hair and take him in my mouth, but I know it won't end that way. Sure enough, he lifts me on to his slippery, hard cock and takes me against the cubicle wall, fast, fierce. I dig my nails into his back, build to orgasm, cum, feel him explode inside me. Wow!

I'm crying, trembling. Gently he dries me off, carries me, naked, to bed, lays me down, tucks me in, goes to get his clothes.

'Hey!' I say.

'That was great, Michelle, but I have to go.'

The hell he does! Love 'em and leave 'em I know about, but this is ridiculous. Suddenly I remember how he was at the party, his distancing himself from me when I wet. He's turned off by it. He's afraid I'll pee the bed with him in it. All things considered, I suppose I ought to be flattered that he took me home and screwed my firm little buns off. Well, I'm not about to argue. He kisses me gently, notes down my phone number. If he calls, I think it'll be hairwash nite. Oh well, I had a great orgasm if truth be told, and you can't ask for everything.

The next day I take a stroll and meet Bob and Catriona, my hosts of the nite before. 'Hi Michelle,' says the latter, 'where did you get to last nite?'

'Sorry for being rude. I had to leave in a hurry and couldn't find you to say goodbye.'

'Pity,' says Bob, 'I thought you'd be staying the nite, especially when you got off with Tony.'

Suddenly I'm suspicious. 'Why especially Tony?' I ask. 'Who exactly is he.'

'He owns the place,' says Catriona. 'He's our landlord.'

Hmmmph!!!

Michelle

