Stacey's Dilemma ( the next morning )
I won't go into what happened that evening as for one it was between Stacey and I and secondly, it has nothing to do with pee. It's enough for you to know that it was a great evening, and one that I will never forget. As I woke up the next morning, Stacey was curled up in the crook of my arm contently sleeping. That was great, and I gazed on her beautiful face. However, I couldn't gaze long for I needed the ever–necessary morning piss. I quietly slipped out of bed and walked into the bathroom for a leak. I was so preoccupied with getting ready to take much–needed piss I didn't even hear Stacey come up behind me. She reached around and took my cock in her hand and said let me point it. I've always wanted to "write my name in the snow." With Stacey's hand grasping my cock it took a couple of minutes for me to get going. I must say that I was very surprised by this little activity on her part, especially after the previous evening. When I finished she started to let go and I told her not yet; you have to shake first. She giggled and said what for. I told her to get the last few drops out and she giggled and started to shake my cock up and down. After a few seconds I told her that was enough and if she didn't stop I would be carrying her back to the bedroom for more than just sleep. Stacey laughed and said I better not unless I wanted her to piss all over the carpet. She said get out of the way. Watching you pee has me desperate. I started to leave so she could pee and she told me that I didn't have to. I stared at her and she said that she found it kind of exciting last night when I watched her pee in the garage. She told me that she was still terribly embarrassed, but that as she thought about it later she found it also to be terribly exciting. As she sat there I notice that nothing was happening. I began to kid her about not being able to pee with me there and she told me to shut up so she could concentrate. After a few more seconds she let out a sigh and said it was no use, she had to pee like a racehorse but nothing would come out. I laughed and told her I didn't think she really needed to pee. She grabbed my hand with out saying a thing and put it just above her pubic mound. It was as hard as a rock and she moaned a little as I pushed down. She looked at me and said I got to pee, I guess I'm just too shy to pee in front of you right now. I asked her if she wanted me to take her out to the garage and she laughed. With that laugh I heard a little squirt shoot out. I began to tickle her and the floodgates opened. With a giggle and a sigh she peed noisily into the bowl. When she finished she wiped and off we went to fix breakfast. As we worked on breakfast she and I we began to talk began to explain how hard it was for her to pee around people. She said it began as a little girl. She said she never could go in front of other people. In grade school she hated to go to the bathroom because there were no stall doors. She would often hang around so she could be the last one to use the bathroom after all the other girls had left. Stacey confided in me that she could not always be the last one and then she would just wait. Some times that wait would result in her wetting her pants in class and the other kids would tease her. Stacey also had to be careful when she was out playing. She said her friends, both boys and girls would just go pee behind a tree when they were playing, but she never could. She always had to rush home or risk peeing her pants. She said that she tried once, but nothing would come out. As she was squatting with her pants down one of the little neighborhood boys came up and saw her and she ran off crying, and pulling her pants up. She said that by the time she got to her doorstep the pee was running down her legs. Stacey told me the worst was when she and her family were traveling in the car on a trip. She had to pee and told her dad that she needed to go. They were not near any towns she kept telling her dad she had to peepee. She said her dad got mad and pulled over on the side of the road and made her pee there. Try as she might she just could not pee squatting outside the car. Her dad got mad and told her she didn't really need to go and to get in the car. Five minutes later she couldn't help herself and wet her pants in the car. She said that she had always been pee shy around people. After breakfast, we kicked around, watched some TV, took a walk and just enjoyed being together. About 10:00 that morning Stacey quietly got up, walked over, took my hand and said come with me. We walked into my back yard. Fortunately I had a privacy fence around the back yard. Stacey said she had to go again and wanted to pee in the great outdoors. She stripped off her jeans, squatted and tried to go. Nothing happened but she would not give up. She kept squatting and trying. I offered to leave and she said no, but then asked if I would turn around a second. I did so with her not knowing that I could see her reflection in one of the windows. A few seconds later, I heard a sigh and saw the first squirt of pee reflected off the glass. I turned around and Stacey was smiling and peeing, peeing and smiling. When she was done she shook her ass and laughed saying that she always wanted to be able to do that. For the rest of the day, whenever she had to pee, she insisted that I be there. And who was I to refuse. Each time it became easier and easier for her to pee in front of me so that by the end of the day I didn't even need to turn around. She also got a great delight with holding my cock for me whenever I had to pee. She was like a kid in a candy store and could not get enough of this newfound adventure. At one point that afternoon while she was again peeing in the backyard she noticed that I had a raging hard on. She asked if her peeing excited me and I told her that it did very much. When she finished she led me to a chair on my patio sitting me in it and then straddled me. When she was done and I was well spent she looked at me and smiled telling me that if her peeing got me that hard she would have to pee a lot more for me. She sure didn't lie about that. It led to some great wet adventures. But that is another story...
PP Watcher