Tara sat at her desk in the typing pool. She gazed up at the clock. 12:30pm. She had a choice to make. Should she hurry along to the toilet, which she badly needed, or maybe try and wait the half–hour until her lunch break. She had been struggling for a while now since it had been several hours since she had emptied her bladder first thing this morning at 6:30am. She usually went during her morning tea break, but today her friend and co–secretary, Caitlin, had kept her talking about her new man and her nightclub date the previous evening. Her mind was suddenly made up as the intercom buzzed.
"Miss Smith. Could you come into my office please?"
It was her immediate boss, Sebastian Loveday. Most of the women in the pool fancied the 29–year–old man, but despite a good deal of flirting, none of them had been successful with him. Mr. Loveday was a single man who put his career above everything else. He never went out socially, despised smoking, thought drinking in bars was a waste of money, and spent most evenings at home, working on his computer or reading the occasional biography. Despite this, he really treated his workforce well, and always had a cheery hello as he arrived for work.
Tara carefully arose from her chair, careful not to show her predicament to the others, and slowly headed to Sebastian's office. She knocked, and entered. Sitting behind his desk, Mr. Loveday beckoned her over.
"Ah! Miss Smith, Tara. I know it'll soon be your lunch–break, but I've got to take a file over to Keyman Associates this afternoon, and I've just discovered that the last few pages have not been typed up. I wonder if you would mind doing it now for me? If you can, I would be grateful. Maybe you could put your break back until you've finished."
Tara winced. She really needed to pee, but she didn't have a lot of choice. She agreed, took the file, and turned to leave. She planned to rush off to the toilet and then do the file. But she hadn't bargained for Mr. Loveday's next comment.
"I think it'd be better if you used that computer over there," he said, pointing to the spare pc in his office. "So that you don't get disturbed. You'll finish it quicker that way," he said.
"But..." she began, then stopped and eased herself into the swivel chair. She opened the file and began typing the document. Her aching bladder was pulsating inside her panties and she found herself subconsciously opening and closing her legs to help the situation. Typing with her legs crossed was uncomfortable.
Mr. Loveday sat opposite, peering at his own computer screen. From his position, he could see Tara's nylon encased legs and the occasional glimpse of white panty, through the cut–away section of her desk. Tara looked over a few times, and noticed that he was having crafty looks at her. He was also beginning to look somewhat uncomfortable and was fidgeting himself. Tara had written most of document but was sure that she couldn't last without a pee, and had decided to tell him of her need. She stopped typing and pushed her chair back to get up. As she did so, Sebastian glanced over and blushed slightly. He stood up, quickly turning off his machine and walked round his desk.
"Err! Miss Smith, I've just got to speak to accounts. I'll be about ten minutes. Could you stay here and take any calls for me?"
Before Tara could answer, he hurriedly left the office. Tara groaned and clutched herself tightly between her legs. She HAD to pee and very soon. But what could she do? She quickly finished the file and walked over to Sebastian's desk. She noticed that he hadn't turned off the pc completely and curiosity came over her. She pressed the retrieve button and the image that flashed up on screen, threw her. It was a picture of a woman peeing through her panties. She carried on browsing, and found the site was all concerned entirely with the same subject. She suddenly saw Sebastian in a different light.
Her mind quickly returned to her own state. Her bladder badly needed to empty itself. She turned the machine off and hobbled back to her own desk. She waited for the few minutes until he returned, looking a little flustered. As he sat down, Tara stood and headed towards him with the printed file. Instead of stopping on her side of the desk, she strode around to the side. As she handed him the file, she gasped and grabbed herself.
"Sorry Sir, but I have to pee really badly," she announced. As she spoke, she slightly parted her legs, and let go her pent–up urine onto the laminated floor, through her cotton panties. Mr. Loveday just stared in disbelief and excitement. The stream lasted for almost two minutes before ceasing. Tara covered her face in mock horror.
"Oh God. I'm so sorry," she half cried, knowing full well that he had probably enjoyed the whole experience. She was feeling mixed emotions of embarrassment and excitement. She had been secretly wetting herself at home for a few months, but this was her first public accident.
Mr. Loveday stared at Tara in silence for what seemed like several minutes before he made the first move. He arose from his chair and approached her. Gently he placed his arm around her waist and asked if she was all right. She nodded.
"Look! It's almost two o'clock. I've got that appointment at three thirty. I'll run you home if you like and you can take the rest of the day off. I'm sorry for what I've caused you to do!"
As Tara's skirt was wet and it would have been obvious for all to see what she'd done, Sebastian went into the typing bay to retrieve her coat and bag.
"Miss Smith isn't feeling too well so I'm running her home," he told the other women. "I'll be out all afternoon myself, so I'll see you all tomorrow." And with that, he returned to his office. Tara put her coat on, despite the fact that it was brilliant sunshine outside and she might attract some unwanted attention.
During the ride to her home, Mr. Loveday tentatively asked her if she would like to have lunch with him before his meeting, to make amends, which she readily agreed to. Upon arriving at her home, Sebastian declined her offer to go in, preferring instead to wait in the car. Tara hurriedly had a quick shower and changed into her rather short red mini dress and pink panties. Nothing else. She could see his approval as she slid into the car seat alongside him, splaying her legs briefly in a very undignified manner and letting him get a quick glimpse of her pants.
The meal lasted longer than Mr. Loveday had intended so he asked if she would mind going along to the meeting with him and he would run her home after. Tara had a free afternoon now so she had no real objection. At the offices, Tara sat in the reception area steadily getting bored. She also realized that all the wine she had drunk during the meal had now reached her bladder and she was again beginning to feel the urge to pee. She waited for twenty minutes until the need became much worse and she was finding it hard to sit still. With people constantly walking past, it wouldn't be long before someone noticed. She walked over to the desk and enquired if there were any toilets she could use, but the rather abrupt receptionist sternly told her that the toilets were for staff and associates, and NOT for the general public. Tara nervously returned to her seat, praying that Mr. Loveday would not be too much longer. He was in fact, another forty minutes.
By the time he returned from his meeting, Tara was on the point of exploding. Her bladder was throbbing and her pee–hole was desperate to let her secret liquid out.
"Ready, girl?" he asked.
Tara nodded. She couldn't speak. They headed towards his car and he realized something was wrong and asked her what it was. Between deep breaths, she told him of her urgent need. She told him to find her somewhere to relieve herself, quickly. His house was only ten minutes away, so he headed fast for there, even going through a red light in the process. As her pulled up in the driveway, Tara was already opening the car door to get out.
"Please hurry," she gasped. "I'm nearly wetting myself again."
Sebastian hurried and opened the door and pointed the way to the toilet. Fortunately for Tara, it was on the ground floor. No stairs to climb. She ran along the hallway and rushed into the toilet. So desperate was she, that she didn't even shut the door properly. Her pee was starting to trickle out of her and she only just had time to raise her dress up out of the way and stand astride the toilet bowl before the pee started coming in torrents through her panties. It was a while before she realized that Sebastian was standing in the doorway, watching everything. She grinned to herself and managed to stop the flow long enough to turn and face him. She beckoned him in, and began her stream again. Mr. Loveday stood transfixed as she totally emptied her bursting bladder. On completion, she just stood there, noticing that Sebastian was now rather flushed.
"Had an accident of your own?" she enquired wickedly. No answer. She ran her finger down the outside of her wet panties and then invited him to do the same, which he did after some hesitation. As he stroked her pants, their lips met in a passionate kiss. She had finally broken the ice with him.
They started a secret relationship after that and there was hardly a night went by that Tara didn't arrive home with wet or damp panties. At work they had a special code between themselves that allowed them some wet fun as well. Sebastian made her his personal secretary so that they could be alone in his office at those special times. He also bought a selection of pastel colored panties, which he kept in the drawer of his desk. Caitlin never guessed that whenever Tara responded with either a "yes" or "no," when asked over the intercom, if she had anything for him, or when on other occasions, she would suddenly rush from her chair and disappear into his office, just what was going on in that room just the other side of the wall.
By: Rayleen