Time Turner (Part 4)
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on October 7th, 2010 at 3:15PM

Groundhog day, indeed, thought Dr. Liu as she powered up the Time Turner. She seemed to be doomed to relive the same ten minutes of her life over and over again until she found a way to get to a bathroom in time—a challenge that was proving remarkably difficult. She’d pissed herself three times already, this last time while she was actually in the ladies’ room and next in line waiting for someone to come out of a stall. She sat down on the toilet now, not bothering to pull her dress up or her pantyhose down. They were both soaked already, and anyway, now that she’d managed to squelch the flow, she probably shouldn’t pee any more before going back in time again. If she got too relaxed before the jump, there was the danger that she’d simply lose it immediately upon returning to ten minutes ago.

She wondered, though, what to try next. The lines in the ladies’ room weren’t going to get any shorter no matter how many times she did this. And the men’s room also looked pretty crowded, never mind what it would be like to barge in there and demand emergency privileges, never mind that she’d seen through the open door that the guys in there were being way too casual about tucking in and zipping up before stepping away from the urinals. No, surely there had to be other restrooms around somewhere. Yes?

The Time Turner blinked READY. She pressed her thumb down on the ACTIVATE button…

…and doubled over from the shock and the pain as she found herself suddenly standing rather than sitting, and with her bladder yet again stretched to its absolute limit.

“Dr. Liu? Are you OK?” That would be Bob again, part of her research team. He and George and Lou had been waiting at her table when she came down off the stage. Bob took her by the elbow now, and put his other hand on her back. The dress she was wearing was low cut in the back and she had no bra under it, so his touch was surprisingly intimate.

“Nnnggg,” she said, clenching her jaw. “Yeah. Yeah…just a Charlie horse.” She shrugged him off and walked around the table to grab her jacket and purse. “George, I know you were going to take the Time Turner back the lab later, but I’m headed back there now. I’ll take it.” She held out her hand.

“OK.” George handed over the device, no bigger than a pack of cards. She dropped it into her purse, clicked it closed, and slung it over her shoulder.

Pulling on her jacket, she strode across the room to where Wiggins stood blocking the nearest exit. She was almost on top of him before he noticed her.

“Oh, Dr. Liu!” he said. “I wanted to ask you…”

“CERN,” she said, grabbing him by the shoulders with both hands. “FermiLab doesn’t have the voltage we need.” She spun them both around, still facing each other, until he faced the doors and she faced back into the room. “Make the budget figures work, however you need to. And check your email in the morning.” She shoved off from him, using his greater inertia to propel herself away and toward the doors. His mouth was open, gaping like a fish on the dock, but before he found any words she had turned again and was out through the doors and onto the mezzanine.

She was probably ten seconds ahead of her last time through this scene. Her body shuddered with the effort of holding it in. The escalator was ahead of her, a little clump of people gathered around it, stepping on one at a time. Running to join them wouldn’t help — that would be just hurry up and wait — so she walked instead with a mincing gait, rubbing her thighs together. She knew the escalator would be much too crowded for her to push ahead once she was on it, so as soon as she stepped on, she simply stood with her legs crossed and allowed herself to wriggle a bit. In this press of people, no one was going to notice.

Step to the left. Step to the right. Step to the left. Bend over. Straighten up. Step to the right again. Clench. Step to the left.

And then, reaching the bottom of the escalator, step out onto the lobby floor. Last time she’d had to duck around a man talking on a cell phone. There he was now, just dialing. Maybe, if she was making better time, she could get into the line for the ladies’ a little ahead of where she’d been before. She looked hopefully towards the back of the lobby, but there were the same six women she’d seen waiting to get in last time.

Her bladder spasmed at the memory. She clenched down again, tightening her butt muscles and biting her lip. She looked at her watch. 8:42. That gave her six minutes, assuming that she lost control and wet herself at about the same time with each iteration.

Where else to go? She craned her neck, looking in all directions around the lobby. There was a bank of glass doors all the way at the far side. It looked dark beyond them, but it was worth exploring. At worst, she’d be doing recon for next time. Just nobody try and talk to me, she willed.

She walked quickly, not quite scampering, weaving between groups of people who were milling about, talking with one another, reading maps, wheeling luggage… Not everyone was here for her presentation on the Time Turner; this was a hotel as well as a convention center and this was a Friday night in the busy season.

There was the hotel’s front desk. No lines there at the moment, and a female concierge who might be able to help. She turned and ran up to the counter. “Excuse me?”

The woman looked up from some sort of scheduling form. “Yes? Can I help you?”

“Can you tell me where there’s another ladies’ room?”

The woman smiled placidly and pointed back towards the escalators. “Restrooms are right over there, at the rear of the lobby.”

“No, there’s a line out the door and I really have to go. Are there any others?”

“Oh.” The concierge suddenly looked very awkward. “Um…”

“It’s an emergency,” said Dr. Liu, anguished. “Please!” She stood on one leg and let herself squirm a little, both to emphasize her point and because she had to.

The woman pointed towards the bank of glass doors. “Out in the shopping concourse I think there are some more,” she said. “If they’re…”

Liu turned and ran.

“…open at this hour,” the woman finished, but Liu was already disappearing into the crowds.

The concourse beyond the doors was only semi-lit, and Dr. Liu was afraid as she approached them that she’d find them locked. But she pushed, and it opened, and she was out into a dim and deserted cavern of a shopping mall. CVS, Radio Shack, General Nutrition Center, and over there, Lord & Taylor, Barnes & Noble, Circuit City. All of them closed. Darkened corridors stretched off in two different directions. Restrooms would most likely be at the very end of one or the other.

Alone now, and in dim light, she allowed herself to grip her crotch as she walked, and to walk hunched over in a way that was totally obvious. The corridor wasn’t very long. Just three shops, and then she was at the end and looking out through the exit doors at a brightly lit sidewalk. She turned and hobbled back.

8:46. Would she make it?

In the central concourse, where she had come in, there were benches surrounding an enormous planter with a potted palm twice her height and variety of smaller plants. It was six feet across and as high as the back of the benches, the soil covered in bark mulch where there weren’t actually plants growing.

Tempting.

More than tempting.

A little spurt and her hand was wet where she gripped herself under the hem of her dress.

Not tempting. Necessary.

She lifted her dress and pulled her pantyhose down just to the tops of her thighs, just far enough to pee if she were sitting down. Now just to step up onto one of the benches and sit down on the edge of the planter. She took a quick look around just to make sure no one was…

Shit!

From down the second corridor, the one she hadn’t explored, someone was walking towards her. A man. A security guard.

She resisted the urge to run away. Instead, she ran towards him. My pantyhose are down around my legs, she thought. Does it show under the dress? Can he tell I’m bare-ass naked? God, I hope not. “Excuse me!” she called out. “Excuse me! Sir!”

The guard looked about forty with a bit of a pot belly. No gun on his hip. He was just a minimum-wage rent-a-cop. “Yeah?” he said. “Something the matter?”

“I need to find the restrooms.” A glance at her watch told her she had less than two minutes, but she realized how bizarre it would sound to tell him that. She settled for “Really quick!” She crossed her legs again and squirmed outrageously.

“Yeah, uh, yeah. Sure.” He seemed really flustered. Liu felt herself lose another spurt. “They’re down this way.” He pointed back down the way he’d come. “But they’re…”

Liu was off and running.

“Aw, Hell.” The guard fumbled with a ring of keys at his belt and trotted after her.

Liu reached the end of the corridor, found the doors labeled WOMEN and MEN, tugged first on one and then on the other, found them both unyielding.

“They’re locked after the stores close, but I think I have the key.” The guard was out of breath as he reached her. He produced a ring with at least twenty keys on it.

Liu was gripping herself again, through her dress this time instead of under it. (Pantyhose falling down now, almost to her knees.) She moved aside as the guard stepped up to the door. He tried a key, then another. Liu started walking in circles. Her thighs were wet where they rubbed together, and there was definitely going to be a wet spot on her dress when she took her hand away.

“Aw, Jeeze,” said the guard. “They give me keys to some things, but not everything.” He tried a fifth and a sixth key, and then a seventh.

Liu felt another spurt get away from her. She let go her crotch to open her purse and power up the Time Turner, legs crossed, bobbing up and down, bending over double.

“That’s…Aw Hell, I’m sorry, lady,” said the guard. “That’s all of them. There’s rest rooms in the lobby of the conference center…”

Liu cursed under her breath and then simply squatted where she stood. The guard was turning to face her just as she let go. Her piss hit the floor like a firehose. The sound echoed down the dimly lit corridor.

The guard looked down at her. “Aw, Christ, lady, do you have to…?”

“Turn around!” she ordered.

“What?”

“Face the wall!”

“Ok,” he said meekly.

Liu kept pissing. Her puddle already covered a square yard and was spreading rapidly. “None of your keys unlock the restroom doors?” she asked.

“No. They only give me…”

She cut him off. “Where’s the next nearest restroom? Not counting the lobby; that one’s mobbed.” She watched the edge of her puddle as it reached the heels of his cheap leather shoes.

“Pardon me for saying this,” he said, “but isn’t it a little late?”

“Hypothetically,” said Liu, her stream of piss finally starting to taper off, “if I’d looked in a different direction, where else could I have found a toilet?”

“Um…” The guard still had his back to her. She reached into her purse and took out the Time Turner. It showed READY. “Probably the basement level,” he said.

“basement level?”

“Yeah. The physical plant is down there, and…”

“What’s the quickest way there?”

The guard pointed back towards the lobby. “You go…”

“If I were starting from the mezzanine.” Liu squeezed off the last of her flow and stood up. Her crotch was dripping wet. If it stayed that way, she’d be very uncomfortable, but of course it wouldn’t.

“Take the elevator,” said the guard. “Just take it down to the bottom level. But…”

“Thank you.” Liu checked her watch one last time. 8:52.

“Can I turn around now?”

“Sure,” she said, and pressed ACTIVATE.

