Penn-Tran. Part 1. Therapies

Posted by Tinker, November 1997

(We suspect that Japanese readers may especially enjoy this series and it is not because of the science fiction!)

Deanna Troi leaned back on her couch and sighed. "Well lieutenant, I'm running out of ideas. If you don't want medication to calm down and relax, and if you cannot do it yourself, there's not that much I can do for you."

"Oh come on, counsellor. I know you have plenty of therapies at hand. People told me that I can tap nerves behind my ear, or press on special places in my neck. I know you know all about these things. Please tell me. I'm getting sick of the awful strain that my job puts on me."

"That might be the problem, lieutenant," Deanna answered, and reached for her network terminal. "The stress is coming from outside. I know that you're the only qualified person aboard to conduct the plasma relay exchanges, with lieutenant Darryl in sick bay, and I know how urgently they need replacement after the last bug reports. But after this, there will be more such jobs, due to your technical skills. You really have to find a way to cope with work stress. Any neurophysical method will just treat the symptoms, but do nothing about the cause.

The effect will be temporary and in the end you'll be exhausted. No, we need to find a way to let the stress out, to discharge you." She browsed through her log files and the ship's medical database. "What you need is a relaxing kind of therapy. Something like Zen meditation, but then more direct. More physical. Something which builds up a lot of excitement and then releases it quickly, taking most of your stress with it." Deanna smiled and looked at lt. Elbert: "It would be easier if you had a boyfriend aboard, if you know what I mean." Amanda Elbert nodded. "I know, but no, that's no option." Deanna made a face and continued browsing.

After a while, she pushed back the terminal and looked at the ceiling of her quarters. "Well, lieutenant, there is one special therapy that might suit you, but it is rather weird and I'm not so sure that you will find it effective. I did not prescribe it for anybody yet, and to be honest, it's not in the official medical databases. It's perfectly harmless, physically, but you might end up with some mental trauma if you cannot cope with possible side effects. And it might trigger unpleasant memories from childhood." Amanda straightened her back: "Well, that sounds like a hell of a therapy. Where does it come from?" Deanna stood up and walked slowly around the couch. "It originated on my home world, Betazed. For ages, it has been practised by Betazoid women to cope with stress of all kinds. It's called Penn-Tran." Amanda shrugged: "Never heard of it. But I'm not a Betazoid. What good would it do to me?" Deanna turned and slowly walked back.

"Physical differences between Betazoids and humans make it easier for Betazoids to practice Penn-Tran, but some preliminary research suggests that human females respond in about the same way. I have a few records of old reports that show some elements of Penn-Tran-like practices of human females to back that up." Amanda sighed: "Well, if it's harmless, I'm in. What's it all about?" Troi hesitated. "I'm not sure if I should tell you right away." She looked at the wall clock. "Can you spare one more hour? That should be enough for a first session." Amanda nodded. "I am off duty until thirteen hundred hours. I am supposed to sleep right now."

"Okay, that gives us time enough. Please lieutenant, keep in mind that Penn-Tran is not at all like what you might expect from a therapy. It got developed as a side effect of Betazoid physiology, and for humans, it is weird and sometimes even uncomfortable or humiliating. But I think it might do the job, with just a little luck."

Troi walked over to the replicator. "You joined Starfleet only one year ago, didn't you?" she inquired. Amanda nodded. "So you only got the current standard set of uniforms. I mean the jump suits and the gala uniform for special occasions. No dresses." Amanda wondered: "Which dresses? Do you have dresses as standard uniform?" Deanna smiled and turned towards the replicator: "One standard Starfleet uniform, around stardate 41150." The machine answered: "Please specify uniform type."

"Dress type," Deanna replied. "Please specify gender and measures." Amanda wondered: "Gender? Are there dresses for males?" Deanna confirmed: "There were. For quite a while, everybody could choose between a jump suit and a tunic. Only the last few years, jump suits have become standard issue. But gala uniforms for men still are quite like dresses. Computer, a dress for a female, measures for lt. Amanda Elbert." The machine whirred and produced a box. Deanna took it to Amanda: "Here you are. Go to your quarters and change, then go to holodeck two. I'll join you there. And again: don't wonder about anything now, you will understand everything later on." Amanda nodded, and went out, carrying the box under her arm. What a strange situation, having to dress in a uniform out of style. And then that holodeck part... Troi could be so vague at times. No wonder she'd become a shrink.

When Amanda had left the room, Deanna locked her door and went over to the private parts of her quarters. She dug into a closet and got her own uniform dress out. It was blue with black sides, had short sleeves, and was quite short in general. Quickly Deanna took off her pink and beige jump suit and put on the dress. It still fitted her quite well, even after a few years. She arranged her long curly hair over her shoulders and looked into the mirror. Not bad, not bad at all. Out of her closet came the diadem of braided zellamo twigs she used to wear. Still pretty. Let's see if she could find her boots... a yes, next to the basket with towels.

She sat down on her bed to put them on. Now this was what she called a short dress. In the mirror she could clearly see her white panties between her thighs. Well, just keep in mind not to bow down and to keep her knees together when seated. Troi rose to her feet and turned towards the mirror again. With her arms loosely hanging down, her fingertips touched the hem of her dress. Okay, she was ready. Penn-Tran. It had been a long time ago. Too long.

Troi found lt. Elbert already waiting for her at the entrance of the holodeck. She appeared to be quite upset about the dress: "Counsellor! Next time you make me wear something, please tell me exactly what it is before sending me off! I could feel everybody looking at me while walking here." Deanna just smiled and pressed a button on the deck's control panel: "Lt. Elbert, not five years ago at least half of all women and not a few men wore such a uniform daily. I did so myself. I don't think that fashion changes will make you look ridiculous, especially not if it has been like this for almost a century. In fact, I suppose this kind of uniform is still regularly available, it just did not make it into the standard kit. Budget cuts, probably." Amanda sulked a bit. "Okay, okay. But I have to admit you're looking great, counsellor." Smiling harder, Deanna ordered up a holodeck program and entered through the door.

They found themselves back in a very Earth-like setting of a woodland, with a nice little river with stepping stones, lots of green woods, and a few steep slopes that gave the whole a rather dense appearance. Deanna went to the right and climbed up a grassy slope, which took them onto a little secluded meadow. "I like this place," Amanda said. "I've been here before. It's beautiful. It takes away some of the stress indeed. Is this place called Penn-Tran?" Troi shook her head: "Not at all, this program is just a fake setup intended to make Earth people feel at ease and romantic. Stroll around a bit, please. I have locked the entrance, we have absolute privacy." Amanda had to admit she was relieved that nobody could enter, because the short dress still bothered her a bit.

"Counsellor... off the record... you can sense other people's feelings, can't you?"

"Yes I can," Deanna answered, and sat down on a fallen tree with her knees decently together and her hands in her lap. "I'm only half Betazoid, so I cannot read people's minds, but I can feel their emotions. I know you are not at ease because of this dress. Forget about it. It's the most practical outfit for Penn-Tran and at the same time not at all special aboard a starship. I bet that tomorrow more women will wear it again, after they have seen us walking through the corridors."

"That's what I wanted to ask you. Can you tell me... I mean..."

"Don't be afraid, Amanda. I'll call you Amanda, just call me Deanna. I'm here to help you. What do you want to know?"

"Well... Deanna... when you walked through the corridors... what did you sense behind your back?" Troi laughed and admitted: "Most males had some reaction, if that is what you mean. The usual superficial sexual attraction, a bit of fantasy, nothing serious. Not really more than what I sense otherwise. This dress still is a uniform. They know it. And the reaction of the females was more like a surprise, as if they suddenly remembered having something like this laying around."

Amanda still was not completely at ease. "Okay... we're here in old style uniforms, hiking through beautiful woodlands... but I've to redo some of the relays this afternoon and the earlier I start, the earlier I can go on to the next array. What's that Penn-Tran thing?" Deanna stretched herself out in the simulated sun: "At ease, at ease, Amanda. Penn-Tran is a serious thing. If you hurry it, it will not work, and I'm not certain it will work with humans anyway."

"But it does work for you? You're half human!" Troi stood up, carefully pulling her dress down. "Yes, it works with me. That part of me is rather Betazoid, though. It still might turn out to be a disappointment." She walked to the side of the meadow. "Come here. Turn your back to the woods and face the open meadow. Yes. Now take a comfortable pose, that you can hold for a while. Put your feet a bit apart. Just stand "at ease," officially. Put your hands behind your back. Alright. That's it."

Troi took the same pose right next to Amanda, and instructed her to just stay there and relax. "Is this Penn-Tran?" Amanda inquired. "No, but it is an important part of it. Just concentrate on your pose, your body. Control you breathing. Feel your heart beat. Feel your organs. Become familiar with all your internal processes. Become aware of every signal that your nerves pick up." Amanda sighed. Troi with her esoteric ideas.

She tried to concentrate, but the plasma relays were in the way, and to make matters worse the only signal that her body sent her was that she needed to pee. Bad. She wanted to clench her thighs in a reflex, and that damned dress made matters even worse; she could feel the crisp air reach up right between her legs. Actually it felt like standing in just her panties. Hell, this Penn-Tran thing would never work out. "Counsellor, I would like to visit the bathroom before we go on. And maybe it's better to just postpone this all, to tomorrow?" Deanna shook her head: "No way, lieutenant. This is a medical order. We are too dependent on those plasma relays to let you spoil it all by breaking down. No, you stay right here."

"But commander..."

"No buts, ifs, or maybes, lieutenant. You stay here and concentrate. Having to pee is an integral function of your body. Control it."

They were silent for a minute. Troi wondered whether she would first give Amanda a full demonstration of Penn-Tran, or that she would let her find out herself. Would Amanda have enough courage to begin without example or instruction? Probably not. And any sense of pain or other negative emotions should be avoided. "Deanna... do I *have* to stand with my legs open? I really need to go, and it is getting hard to..." Troi made her decision. "Okay Amanda, here comes Penn-Tran. I warned you. It's the building up of excitement followed by the release."

"Hardly any excitement here," Amanda mumbled. Deanna ignored her: "You must follow my instructions to the letter, don't question anything. I guarantee it is all completely harmless, and to prove that, I myself will do exactly what I let you do. Whatever we do, we do it together. Agreed?" Amanda nodded, getting curious.

Troi did a step forward and walked to a position two meters in front of Amanda, where she took the same pose again. "Okay. Amanda, Penn-Tran is just an artificial way of getting your adrenaline levels up sky high, followed by a relaxing period. The excitement and relaxation come from your own body in combination with mental stimuli. Your body is ready now. Your mind will be, after I tell you five words." Amanda nodded in expectation, getting more curious all the time, but also needing to pee worse and worse.

"When I tell you to do something, you do it, understood? Forget everything somebody told you before, it's not valid here. The concept of Penn-Tran will be a shock. That's normal. Get over it and do it. I'm sure you will feel a whole lot better afterwards." Amanda now became red in her face from the tension: "Deanna, please... go on! I'm running out of time, you know..."

"Okay, here it comes," Deanna said, and parted her feet a bit more. "The five words: just wee in your panties."

Amanda was shocked. What?! Wet her uniform on the holodeck? But Troi seemed dead serious. Moreover, Troi herself now started to blush. Amanda could see that her respiration tempo increased, and a slight glow on her forehead betrayed that she was perspiring. Her pose certainly suggested that Troi was, indeed, planning to wet her panties. Amanda's own body now screamed for a release, and to her own surprise, she felt that she was getting excited. Her eyes met those of Troi, and when she saw the complete trance Deanna was in, Amanda decided to go for it. From then on, her excitement skyrocketed. Her face flushed, her heart started to beat furiously, she felt her whole skin tickle and glow.

As by reflex, Amanda parted her feet as wide as Troi's. She saw that Deanna put her hands on her own belly, searching for a particular spot. But Amanda did not dare to touch her belly. Then, Troi moaned "Penn-Tran," and pressed on her tummy. Her eyes widened and a sudden movement of her knees and hips took all doubt away. Panting, the ship's counsellor made herself wee heavily into her uniform. Her little dress hid it from view, but soon a tiny stream dripped down between her parted legs, and all her body language yelled the same message to Amanda: follow me!

That was too much. Amanda unlocked her knees, looked down to her dress, and pushed. It came immediately. Everything under her dress became instantly warm and she could not suppress a moan of pleasure when the strain on her bladder fell away. It took surprisingly long before something fell down between her feet, but in the mean time, all kinds of very pleasant sensations engulfed Amanda. In fact, even the slightest thought about plasma relays was washed away by the flood under her dress, and soon, she was just wetting herself on a nice meadow, with nothing to bother her. Amanda went through her knees a bit, and pushed everything she could in her short uniform dress. Her panties felt wonderfully warm and cosy, and a steady stream clattered down onto the grass between her black boots.

Troi had not allowed herself to go over the top, and still had enough conscious brain cells left to monitor Amanda's progress. It worked out like she had hoped for. The young woman got thoroughly immersed in her little personal game, and Deanna could sense that most of the stress flowed out right through her uniform panties. Penn-Tran seemed to work on human females after all, she happily noticed. But her own wet uniform was almost irresistible. Almost. She managed to stop wetting herself and let her panties drip out.

Penn-Tran still worked as well for her as it had done years ago. Pieces of memories flashed by as Troi stood there in her wet panties and short dress, enjoying the pleasure of familiar habits. She smiled when she remembered how excited she was when she got her first standard starship uniform, just after graduating from Starfleet Academy. How she had spent hours in front of a mirror. It all seemed like a dream to her now. But under her dress, reality was undeniable. It was not all just a dream.

It took Amanda a minute to find herself back, and with hazy eyes she looked over Troi standing in front of her. Troi still had her legs far apart, but now was smiling at her. Amanda blinked and realized that her own pose was not any bit less revealing. A bit ashamed, she pulled her feet together and uncertainly searched for something. "Just sit down on that tree, Amanda," Troi quietly advised her. "You now need to relax. Feel how your stress left your body with your water. Sit down and enjoy." As in a dream, Amanda went over to the tree and sat down, instinctively pulling up her dress a little. Not that it needed much pulling up. Troi sat down next to her. For five minutes, they both listened to the birds, the water running down the slope, and their own breathing.

Then, Troi turned towards Amanda: "And?" Amanda sighed. "I don't know who invented this, but oh boy, it does work. I feel like I can take on all relays at once. I could go to bed just as easily. But I think I should take a shower first." Deanna laughed: "You could, of course. But you don't really need to. Sometimes, it's much more pleasurable to stay like this for a few hours. But Penn-Tran is over, the rest is up to you." They rose from the tree, gigglingly checked each other's dress for stains, and then went down the slope. Wearing wet panties under a short dress turned out to be quite exciting, Amanda found out. But she had to swallow when they reached the holodeck door.

"Okay Amanda, now just go to your quarters and take a break. Nobody will know what secret you carry with you, so just enjoy it. The holodeck program will clear out everything we left behind, don't worry about that either." The door slid open and Deanna confidently walked out, her boots clicking on the floor. A bit shy, Amanda followed her. They walked together towards the turbolift, and called their respective levels. As soon as the door closed, Amanda noticed that Troi was standing with her feet apart again. Not much, but clearly so. Would she...? But her eyes just had the same depth as always, and her smile looked like it always did. The lift stopped and Amanda stepped out. "Thanks, Deanna. You're wonderful." Deanna nodded and replied: "You're welcome."

Back in her quarters, Troi was a bit undecided what to do. Eventually she took a towel and sat down on it while logging into her network terminal. This certainly was worth a report. But after she had finished the factual details, there still remained a hole of some kind. She rose and walked around. Something was not finished, she felt. A feeling of dissatisfaction had crept in. Could be only one thing. Penn-Tran should not be broken off in the middle. Her next patient would come in fifteen minutes. Plenty of time.

Deanna put the towel on the floor in front of the mirror, and switched on the "do not disturb" sign. She went into her bedroom, pulled down her wet panties, and dried herself a bit. Then she put on a pair of matching blue uniform panties and rearranged her appearance. Twelve minutes. She went over to the mirror, straddled the towel, and looked at herself. Not bad. Not bad at all. Her breasts showed at least as good as in the jump suit and her legs were still worth to be shown. Carefully she stroke her belly, looking for the correct spot. There it was. She spread out her legs a little further, more to look sexy than because it was necessary, and felt her dry uniform snugly against her body. A last check. A last shuffle of her feet. Deanna counted down from five. Penn-Tran! She took a breath and pushed hard on her tummy. Her cry almost made it through the door.

When her next patient entered her quarters, Troi was sitting on the unupholstered chair behind her table, typing on her terminal. Her patient noticed that the counsellor probably considered her room too warm, because she wore a uniform dress that left her legs almost completely bare and the air treatment unit was running full blast. Still, Troi seemed a bit flushed and her forehead glistened---or maybe not. Anyway, her smile was as pleasant as ever, and there was nothing wrong with her knowledge about his former visit.

