Wetting Fun in the Sun Ch. 02
	Emma makes new friends.
Author: Primal23

After her exhilarating afternoon at the beach, Emma went back to her hotel room and pretty much instantly fell down on the bed and slept, content for a few hours.

Around 6pm she woke up, immensely hungry so she decided to explore the restaurants of the little town she was staying in. Still a bit sandy from the beach, with her shoulder length brunette hair dried out from the salt water, the slim brunette thought it wise to shower first.

The bathroom was ensuite to the bedroom, with a toilet and sink on the right hand wall and a shower-bath combo along the left, pretty standard as bathrooms go. She stepped out of her sandals and shorts, the faint aroma of piss still on them from earlier in the day. She stood in front of the body length mirror beside the sink and untied her bikini top and dropped it to the floor revealing her pert C-cups and puffy pink nipples, now accentuated by a faint tan line. Admiring her own figure she ran her hands down to her hips and untied the skimpy red bottoms that fell and joined the top half of the bikini on the floor. Emma slowly moved her hands across her flat stomach and traced a line down to her bald pussy. Smiling at herself, proud of her amazing body, she quickly turned and gave her firm buttocks a playful slap before jumping into the shower.

Ten minutes later she grabbed a towel from above the loo, stepped out of the shower and dried herself down delicately. The orange light from the growing sunset swept through the hotel room through the large glass window and door that led out onto the balcony. Discarding the towel to the towel rack she stepped naked across the hotel room to her still packed suitcase, thinking to herself how unfortunate it is that no one would see her little exhibition way up on the fourth floor.

She pulled out a pair of black high-cut lacy panties and slid them up her firm thighs to cover her modesty, before putting on a matching bra that pushed her breasts snugly together. Over that she buttoned up a well fitted white blouse, unbuttoned just far enough to reveal her cleavage. She stepped into a black, pleated skirt, the bottom of which sat a couple of inches above her knees and pulled it up to her waist and slipped on a pair of black open toe sandals to complete the outfit. A touch of make-up to her naturally pretty face, her handbag packed with the essentials and she was out the door.

The night began to close in as she made her way to the center of the town, little lights came on and the orange sun began to give way for a deep blue night sky. She decided on a small intimate looking restaurant for dinner, and ordered the paella and a bottle of red wine. Half way through her meal she noticed a couple of girls sitting at the table across the room, talking into their menus, glancing her way and giggling every now and again. Emma's face flushed red as she realized it was the same two girls that had entered to beach changing cubicle after her this afternoon, right after she'd unleashed a torrent of piss into her bikini and onto the floor. She immediately knew what they must be talking about and she stared quickly down at her meal, her face getting redder by the second.

"Oh God, what the hell was I thinking?" she thought to herself, "Why there? Why in a public place? It was great at the time but..."

Her thoughts were cut short however, as she became aware that the taller girl of the two, her long blonde hair tied back in a pony tail, and her large breasts threatening pop a button and burst right out of the black shirt she was wearing, standing right over her table.

"Hi, I'm Alice," she said, "My friend over there is Becky."

"Emma." she nervously replied.

"Forgive us for being so forward, but there's no quicker way to get the results we want. We know what you did on the beach; no one looks that satisfied from simply 'changing' even if you did come out wearing the same clothes as you went in with. Frankly, we're angry."

Emma winced as a pang of shame rose up from inside her. A chair shuffled and Becky with her flowing brunette hair, petit figure and slightly childish face was standing next to Alice. She put her arm on Emma's shoulder.

"Relax, we're angry that you got there before us!" Becky said laughing, her smile wide with open honesty.

Emma had never been as relieved as she was now in her life, and took a deep breath, "Fuck me," she said now smiling too, "I thought I was about to get a lynching...Jesus!"

Becky watched Emma's bosom rise and fall with each gasp of air and gave her a pat on the back before leaning in closer and whispering,

"Listen, if you're interested in that sort of thing, wait for us outside when you're finished. Or finish the bottle of wine, you'll need it."

Before Emma could reply the girls were already heading back to their table. They didn't look over again for the remainder of Emma's meal (and wine).

Before long, Emma found herself standing outside, the cooling night air blowing around her skirt.

"What the hell am I doing?" she thought, "Am I really going to take up these strangers on their offer - whatever it is - right now? Maybe I should just go."

But before she could move, Alice's soft voice called out to her from the restaurant doorway.

"Hey, we're glad to see you still here. Hope you weren't waiting long."

"Oh, no problem." Emma said nervously.

"Relax," Becky reassured her, "we're pretty sure you'll enjoy this. Come on!"

The two girls led Emma out of the town center, back towards the beach, where they took off their shoes and carried them.

"It's up here, we're almost there." Alice said, pointing to a large rock formation, part of the lower cliffs making up the walls of the bay area. As they made their way across the gentle rocky slope, Emma noticed that the air was completely still. They seemed to be in their own pocket of secrecy now, far from the street lights behind them. Around a large boulder, the girls stood at the entrance to a small weather-worn cave about 5 feet by 3 foot.

"It's in here," Alice said, ducking under the rocky over hang.

The inside of the cave had been hollowed out by someone it seemed, as a small room was carved into the rock itself, with moonlight pouring through a large square vent in the 'roof'. The girls entered, carefully stepping across the cold, smooth rocks on the floor. Emma immediately smelled the aroma of old piss on the draft, and her pussy began to moisten slightly as she realized what was going on.

"You like to piss?" Becky said bluntly, "Naked or clothed?"

"Clothed...I like the naughtiness of it mainly." Emma replied sheepishly.

"Great! Let's get down to it then...oh, how do you feel about other girls, sexwise?"

"I'm straight," Emma replied, "but I'm pretty open...I'm curious I guess" she added with a wry smile.

"Excellent." Alice purred as she made her way across the little room towards the back wall.

Alice was wearing a tight black shirt, with a pink lacy bra keeping her F cups at bay inside. She wore black bicycle shorts underneath a black tennis skirt. She was tall and of average build, not fat, but not as slim as Emma and Becky. She slipped her shorts off to reveal a pair of pink cotton panties and sat her curvy butt down on the cold floor, not bothering to clear her skirt out from underneath her. She unbuttoned her shirt and took off her bra from underneath, her breasts hanging freely, her dark nipples standing erect, betraying her state of mind.

Emma stared eagerly and after a brief pause was rewarded. Alice let out a quiet whimper and a dark spot appeared on her panties as the thin cotton absorbed the piss that spilled freely into them. The spot became a larger and larger patch that ran down past her pussy and towards her ass, where her skirt had no doubt begun to soak up the piss as well. Alice began to gasp as one hand absently fondled her breast and the other moved down to her crotch and began to rub the wet material into her pussy, allowing the stream to momentarily spill out and pool on the floor. Emma was amazed, her own panties getting damp simply from how turned on she was.

Her eyes were turned away from the spectacle as Becky turned her by the shoulders to face her straight on, and with no hesitation embraced her in a deep, passionate kiss. Becky's hands started unbuttoning Emma's blouse, their lips not parting once. Emma, fully absorbed in the experience now reached around behind Becky and firmly grasped her arse, pulling her in closer. Alice was now finishing her piss as the stream got weaker. She stopped fingering herself briefly to discard the panties to the corner of the room before pissing the rest of her bladder out over the floor and the back of the skirt she was sitting on. She continued fingering herself, sitting in a puddle of her own piss until she came hard, squirting more juices over the floor, her ecstatic screams echoing through the small cave complex.

Emma broke off the kiss and unzipped the back of Becky's short yellow summer dress. Becky shrugged off the shoulder straps and it fell to the floor. She stepped out of the dress to reveal that she wore no bra, her firm B cups with little pink nipples stood naked in the moonlight, and on her legs she wore a white cotton thong. Emma needed no more encouragement as she took off her unbuttoned blouse and kicked off her black skirt, revealing the matching black lace set to Becky.

"Very nice!" Becky said, "Lie down Emma, you'll like this."

Emma complied and lay on her back and Becky climbed on top of her, straddling her across the belly. Becky smiled and arched her body backwards as she began her piss. It didn't take long to turn the white cotton thong into a wet yellow stained thong as the piss streamed through the soaked fabric. Emma's stomach quivered involuntarily as Becky's warm piss ran into the middle of her stomach and began falling over the sides of her body, while running backwards and getting Emma's panties wet too in the process.

Becky stood up mid-stream, and slid her panties to one side, showering Emma's whole body in piss now. The warm liquid soaked through the material of the bra and splashed all over her round tits, before Becky stepped back and focused her stream onto Emma's crotch, stimulating her sensitive clitoris, even through the sodden black lace. Alice was still sitting in her pool of piss, the pee washed around her naked buttocks, with her soaked skirt now tossed into the corner too. Wearing only her unbuttoned shirt she watched the golden shower. She began fingering herself again, her free hand washing her spent piss from the pool on the floor over her wet thighs. Emma shuddered all over but before she could reach inside her panties and bring herself off, Becky was now lying on top of her, reaching to undo Emma's bra strap.

Her naked breasts now free, Becky sucked each one tenderly, tasting herself, before tracing a trail down Emma's body with the tip of her tongue. As she moved down, she paused briefly to remove Emma's damp panties. She pulled them down to the knee before moving back up and thrusting her tongue inside Emma's sensitive pussy lips. This was about the limit of what Emma could stand, she was going to come very soon, and her screams mixed the sound of Alice's second orgasm gave that fact away. Out of her mind with pleasure, Emma's hips began to buck wildly as Becky removed her face from Emma's cunt, and slid two - then three - fingers inside. Emma threw her hips in the air again and squirted her orgasm all over Becky's thighs and exposed pussy. Becky quickly came right behind Emma, as a briefly satisfied and now naked Alice took over and stuck her tongue deep inside her friend's pussy over and over until she climaxed.

A good ten minutes later, each damp girl began to regain a sense of composure.

"Fuck me!" Emma said excitedly, still dripping a little from Becky's piss, "That was amazing, I don't think I've ever came like that before!"

Becky pulled a small hand towel out from her handbag and threw it to Emma, "We told you it'd be worth it," she smiled, "now dry yourself as much as you need, you don't want to catch cold."

Alice picked up her soaked skirt and pulled it back on, leaving the mess of wet panties in the corner. "I'm glad I don't have far to walk in this mess." Alice chuckled, then she paused and looked again at Emma who was now pulling on her still dry skirt and blouse.

"What?" The brunette said as she wiped her round breasts with the towel.

"You didn't get to wet yourself." Alice said, with a touch of sincerity in her voice, "What a shame."

"Oh...you're right. Well..." Emma paused. Then she exclaimed, "I've got it!"

She hurriedly pulled off her skirt and blouse again and rush over to Alice's wet pink panties in the corner of the little room. With a grin, she picked them up and carried them back over to her own panties and Becky's little wet thong.

Becky, now wearing her dry summer dress again, albeit naked underneath, realized what Emma was planning and smiled at her new friend.

Emma picked up the thong and pulled it up over her naked legs, its cold wet material simply made her hornier. Next she chose to put on her own wet pants, soaked through by Becky's shower, and over those she put the dark pink cotton of Alice's wet panties. Then she surprised both Alice and Becky by heading back outside, naked except for the three pairs of soaked underwear, her breasts bouncing with her strides.

She climbed up to the top of the entrance to the cave and swung her legs over the doorway. Alice and Becky stood outside and stared at about eye level to Emma's crotch as the bottle of wine caught up to her and she began to rewet the panties.

"It's so warm!" she said to them. The material still soaked up some of the pee, shining under the light of the moon before it trickled out from between her legs and cascaded over the entrance of the cave like a small yellow waterfall. With each rub of her pussy, she pushed more liquid out and it fell in splashes and gushes over the rocky path. The other two girls could only stare in awe at Emma as she finished up. She took off the panties all at once, stood up naked, towering over the other two and rinsed the panties out over her tits. The piss ran down her toned figure and washed over her bald pussy, which gave her more pleasant tingles.

"That felt amazing," she remarked as she took back the hand towel and dried herself as well as she could. She slipped all the wet underwear in her handbag, with a smile and thanked the two girls with more deep passionate kisses on the way back to their hotels. Trading mobile numbers, they each went to shower and rest from what had been an unexpectedly brilliant night for all. They would meet tomorrow at Becky's hotel pool for drinks...to start.
