Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, Foreplay and Sex
Jenny's first thought when she awoke was, I have to pee. The second was, 'Please don't stop fondling my pussy.'
The significance of that second thought took some time to sink in. She was lying on her stomach with one leg drawn up, and a probing hand was stroking her from behind, parting her butt cheeks, sliding all the way up and down, catching her moisture, slipping inside her openings. But as she felt herself rise to orgasm she remembered. A small spurt of pee escaped her as she climaxed. She lay for a moment, just breathing. Then she felt arms embrace her and the pressure of breasts on her back. Slowly she turned and met Becky's eyes.
Jenny smiled at her new friend, girlfriend, lover; feeling happy to wake in her arms on their first morning together. Their first meeting is a separate story, but Jenny blushed a little at the thought of herself wetting her jeans and being taken care of by Becky who was her senior by eight years. At twenty–one, Jenny had a fashionably slim body with small breasts, and as opposites often attract, she had found the round, curvy Becky exciting.
She didn't consider herself a lesbian. But these days the definition of friend often blended with lover, as girls sought physical as well as emotional pleasure with each other. From her early teens she had enjoyed watching her girlfriends' bodies, she had liked to walk hand in hand and even with arms around each other, hugs had turned into quick kisses, and sleepovers more often than not included side–by–side masturbation in bed. As boys obviously enjoyed seeing two girls hint at intimate contact, she and her friend Melissa got a lot of attention as they touched, stroked and kissed each other in public.
And now there was Becky, who had seen her embarrassing accident and helped her, and who had taken her home and made love to her.
Her desperation and wet jeans had turned on Becky. For years Jenny had connected peeing and sexuality, but never experienced it with another girl. She had deliberately put off going a lot of times, to experience the thrill of almost going in her panties and the relief of finally reaching the bathroom, and she had used the bursting bladder to add to the pleasure of masturbation.
A bursting bladder was what she had now. In the aftermaths of orgasm she felt she was losing control, she couldn't tell if the wetness came from arousal or a little accident. –I have to pee badly, she said to Becky. –I might have wet your bed a little already.
Becky smiled and turned her on her back, and removed the sheets. Jenny looked down at herself, the small breasts, the narrow waist, the shaven pussy between her hipbones. Then she let her eyes take in Becky's roundness, her belly, her full hips and the equally naked soft flesh between her legs. Becky reached for a towel from a shelf by the bed. –Lift your butt, she said. She placed the towel under Jenny, and then spread her legs, exposing her completely. She knelt beside her and began stroking her belly, the pressure heightening Jenny's need to go. She moved her hand in big circles, from navel to hipbone to mound, turning Jenny's lower body into a center of pleasure threatening to burst.
Then she put her other hand on Jenny's pussy, opening her with two fingers while touching her clit with a third.
This was too much. A tight, straight stream of urine escaped her, overshooting the towel. Jenny moaned and clenched her muscles, stopping the flow. She pressed herself against Becky's hand as if to keep it back, only to feel the electric touch against her clit making her squirt again. –I can't hold it, Becky, she moaned, holding her breasts as if that would help.
Becky slid a finger inside her, finding the spot where the pressure made her lose control. Waves of pee ran over Becky's hand as Jenny wriggled in near–ecstasy. Seconds before the dam burst Becky removed her hands.
Jenny opened her eyes. –Don't stop, she pleaded. –I promise not to wet your bed any more.
Becky bent over her and kissed her mouth. –I'll take care of that. Just let go when you want. She knelt between Jenny's legs, and kissed her small breasts, her navel; licked the soft skin below it, slid her lips over the protruding shaven mound, then closed her mouth over her crotch.
As Jenny felt Becky's tongue caress her clit she abandoned all effort to restrain herself. She released all her pee, letting Becky drink from her champagne source, shaking as the waves of orgasm overtook her.
— Let's shower, Becky said as they had gotten their breath back. –Then we'll have breakfast.
Jenny stepped on unsteady legs to the bathroom, holding on to Becky for support. In the mirror she looked at herself; slender, with long hair, but no growth on her body. Becky was shaven too, but her roundness made her pubic mound less visible under the curve of her belly. Jenny thought she was beautiful, and her own boyish hips and small breasts made her a little embarrassed.
She felt a slight pressure in her lower belly. –I think I have to poop, she said shyly.
— Go ahead, Becky said, patting her butt.
Jenny had never pooped in front of anybody before, but she found she wanted to have Becky watch her. She sat down on the toilet, her back straight and her knees together, and relaxed her muscles. Becky stood beside her, stroking her hair as she emptied her bowels.
After breakfast they brought their teacups into the garden. Jenny's jeans and panties were washed and dried, and Becky wore tan corduroy pants that fit her full hips perfectly. Even after the intense sexual experiences they had had Jenny felt lust and desire as she looked at Becky. She sat next to her on a wooden bench and put her hand on Becky's thigh. Becky smiled, leaned over and kissed her softly. Jenny's sex tingled, and she rubbed her knees together.
— You're a very erotic girl, Becky said.
— Because you turn me on. I love your hands and fingers and tongue all over my body– your breasts against mine– your pee on my fingers.
Becky slid her hand under Jenny's top, cupping her small breast. –What would you like us to do?
Jenny thought. Dared she ask? –I would like to see you really desperate, the way I was yesterday.
Becky smiled. –Anything. Let's drink until we burst! She kissed Jenny quickly and went inside, reappearing with bottles of coke, a pitcher of iced tea, and bottled water. They set to work, and soon Jenny was beginning to fill up. She crossed her legs and rubbed her belly. Becky emptied her third bottle, sitting with her back arched and thighs clenched. Jenny opened another coke and handed it over.
Becky started to laugh, but bit her lip and fidgeted: –I just squirted.
— Let me see!
Becky parted her legs and looked down at the small wet spot on her tan jeans. –You know I'm a squirter, so there will probably be more all the time now.
— And I'm a burster! Jenny smiled, holding herself. –When it comes, it comes. It isn't far off now. Drink up!
Becky swallowed bravely. Jenny poured herself another glass and downed it. It was as if the water ran straight to her bladder, making her wince with pain as the dam threatened to burst. She pressed her hand to her crotch.
Becky was fidgeting, rubbing her thighs. She rose, rocked on her feet, and stretched herself so that her halter–top rode up to reveal her round belly. –I'm dripping, she winced. –Oh, again!
Jenny could see the wetness grow. Feeling her own intense fullness like a fireball in her belly she rose, standing before Becky with her legs crossed. –Poor girl, she said. –Peeing your pants. Shall I help you?
Becky went along with the game, bit her lip and nodded. Jenny unbuttoned her jeans, pressing her hand between the tight waistband and Becky's warm flesh, the full bladder a hard ball against her fingers. Jenny herself was rocking softly as she pulled Becky's zipper down, revealing white lacy nylon panties. The wetness had seeped upwards, darkening the fabric. Becky trembled at Jenny's touch, and the wet patch grew.
Jenny was ready to burst, but she clenched her muscles and held on. She kissed Becky softly on the mouth before motioning her to lift her arms. She pulled the top off to reveal a lacy bra that matched the panties, making sure her hands touched the erect nipples. Becky gave a small moan, and Jenny realized she had wet again.
Stepping carefully to avoid jolting her bladder Jenny stood at Becky's back. She had to concentrate as she unhooked her bra, both because she was desperate to pee, and because she had never unhooked another girl's bra before. Carefully she pulled the straps over her arms and freed her breasts. She looked down at Becky's round butt in her tight jeans, her small stepping motions exciting her tremendously. She stroked her butt cheeks before sliding her hand underneath, encountering the warm wetness of her girlfriend's crotch. Jenny almost peed herself.
She moved to Becky's front, gazing at her lovely full breasts, her round, soft belly, the white of her panties showing, and the dark flower between her legs. She began wriggling Becky's jeans down, kissing her belly at the same time, then moving her lips down to the wet nylon, smelling the warm pee. Finally the jeans lay in a heap at Becky's feet.
Savoring the moment she stroked Becky's wet crotch, sliding her finger along her slit, feeling the uncontrolled squirts on her hand, longing desperately to let loose herself. –Hold on, she said, fumbling at her button, legs tightly crossed. She almost tore her jeans and tee shirt off, her tiny nipples stiff with lust. She kept her thong on as she embraced Becky, motioning her to kneel on the grass. They knelt astride each other's thigh, coming as close as they could until their bodies felt totally intertwined, kissing passionately. –Ready to let go, Jenny whispered.
— I can't hold it anymore, Becky moaned.
Jenny pressed her crotch against Becky's thigh, feeling her lover's warm gusset against her own. She looked into Becky's eyes. –I love you. Then she let go.
— OK, Becky, she said, –it is all right to let go now– pee your panties.
She reached out to touch her girlfriend's warm crotch and felt a small stream run over her hand. Becky stood in front of her, swaying, moaning softly as uncontrolled squirts escaped her. Jenny rose, stood behind her, and reached around to unbutton her jeans. She slid a hand down her front and felt the soaking wet fabric of her panties, and with an eager finger stroked her slit as more and more pee flowed.
Aquarius