Title: Long Day in the Country

By: Paul Tester 

Sai was the most attractive of a group of Thai girls hired to work in a night-club on the French Riveria. She had only been working there two weeks when she was offered the chance of a day's work with a local photographer in some fashion shots. Nothing elaborate, he had three professional French models, all well endowed blondes, for the main shots, but wanted a slim dark girl as a foil in some of the pictures. Sai spoke only a little English, and no French at all, so all of this had been arranged through the interpreter who worked at the night-club, who had assured her that the language barrier would not be a problem. 

They left early in the morning, as the location was a mountain lake, about 90 minutes drive away. The models naturally talked in French throughout the journey, neither they or the photographer showing any inclination to attempt conversation with Sai in English, other than to ask her name and introduce themselves. Sai was content to watch the passing scenery, for this was her first chance to see the French countryside. The chosen location was open meadows beside a lake, a popular local beauty spot, so there were a number of walkers, fishermen and picnickers about, though it was not so crowded as to interfere with the planned photographs.

The road ended at a small car park, but there were no other building to spoil the view. While the photographer unpacked his equipment and set it up, the models changed into their first outfits, either in the back seat of the car or under the long bath robes they had all brought, knowing there would not be any proper changing facilities. Sai had nothing to do but stand about, as she was already wearing her first outfit, desperately tight white trousers and a blue T-shirt. She had been given these by the photographer, and the trousers were so tight that she could only just do the zip up, even when wearing her smallest and thinnest pair of white panties. She had been wanting a toilet for the last 30 minutes, and neither the tight trousers nor the slight chill in the air were helping this. 

Not only was there not a toilet in sight, but the open meadows stretched into the distance, with no bushes or other cover that it might have been possible to go behind. Sai did not tell anyone she wanted to go, just hoping that the other girls would also want to go, and that something had been arranged for them. However, exactly the opposite was happening, and they were pouring out cups of black coffee, laced with cognac, before starting work. Sai had to drink her cup, though it was the unaccustomed habit of coffee in the morning that had filled her bladder. Worse still, they were all drinking wine as they worked, and expected Sai to have her share. 

By the time Sai was needed in the photographs, she wanted a toilet really badly. When she was not able to sit with the legs tightly crossed, she was having to make a real effort to keep it in, and her stomach was beginning to hurt where her trousers were so tight. In the first photos she only had to stand among the other models, but even this, when she could not keep her legs crossed, was a strain. Then she was asked to adopt a series of more active poses, first to simulate jumping and then to actually have to run and jump over one of the other girls.

This was desperate for Sai, putting a terrible strain on her bladder. Taking long strides, and then holding that position, stretched her trousers tight across her bladder, making her need for the toilet so urgent she could hardly hold it in, clenching her bladder shut with all her might. At last the ordeal was over, and she could sit down, legs knotted, again, and if not get comfortable, at least not have to use all her strength to control her need for a toilet. 

They had already started on the next scene, and still no mention of any toilet break. Sai, being new to France, was not aware of the country's famed lack of public toilets, particularly Ladies', and the consequence amazing ability of French girls to survive hours without needing to go. It never occurred to her that all of the other girls involved that day were prepared to last the whole day without using a toilet. It was now noon, and Sai had convinced herself that they were soon going to have a lunch break, when they would drive to a caf' where there would be the toilet she so badly, badly, wanted. If she was allowed to keep sitting with her legs knotted, then she would be able to hold on until then, even if it was a late lunch, at one o'clock.

Another scenario was coming to an end, and Sai prayed that lunch, and a toilet, would be next. Instead, new outfits were being worn, and she was told to change into her other outfit, traditional Thai costume, with a long wrap-round skirt. She put this on, and then reached under it to remove her trousers, so thankful as she undid the zip and released some of the pressure on her bladder. As she pulled the trousers down, she could not resist pressing one hand between her legs, savouring the double relief of nothing pressing on her bladder and holding it back instead of having to clench her bladder shut. This bliss did not last, as she was needed in the photos, and tensing herself to keep control without the help of her hand, she began posing again. 

At least this time it was all format poses, no running and jumping, but even standing normally was now taking a lot of effort. It was even more difficult to look relaxed and happy, which the photographer wanted, but somehow she managed it. Now, surely, she thought, it had to be the break for the toilet she desperately needed. One of the model had spoken to her in English, so she asked her if they were going to eat next. The girl laughed, and shook her head. She didn' speak enough English to explain to Sai that they were all on diets, and never ate lunch when working, and that the photographer was more concerned about finishing before the light faded than eating. Sai at least understood that there was no lunch, and therefore that she was not going to get to the toilet.

She was standing watching the girls at work, waiting her turn in the scenes, her legs were crossed and she had her hands clenched together across her stomach. Even standing like this it was a real struggle to hold it back, and she had to keep tensing her legs and move from foot to foot to keep up the effort it needed. Her stomach, or rather her bladder was hurting, even with nothing pressing on it, and she wanted to get to a toilet more than she had ever done in her life. What was making it worse for her was that she had no idea how long she was going to have to wait, only that somehow she was going to have to wait, because she could not see any alternative. The language barrier, and her natural reticence, made it unthinkable for her to actually ask if the was a toilet she could use. 

Another scenario with her in traditional costume was some accomplished, though it was becoming more difficult for Sai to stand still, even with her legs crossed. The worst part was when she had to squat in front of the other girls, a natural Asian pose, but almost unbearable in her state, being so close to the position she would be in in a toilet that her body almost reacted involuntarily. For a moment of panic, Sai thought she was starting to wet herself, but somehow she summoned up enough strength to hold her bladder shut until the shot was over. As she stood up, she felt she could not manage to keep up the effort needed to wait any longer, and as a last resort, turned away from the group and pressed both hands between her legs. Nobody seemed to notice, and gradually she regained enough control to be able to act more normally again, just as long as she could keep her legs crossed.

To her dismay, the photographer then indicated to her that she should put her trousers on again. As she pulled them on under her skirt, she had another chance to hold between her legs, staying like this as long as she could, dreading the moment when she would have to zip up her trousers and suffer their full pressure on her bursting, aching bladder. It was almost unbearable, and she could hardly stand still, even with her legs twisted together. She could not avoid an involuntary curtsey, doubling up with her hands pressed across her bladder, managing to disguise this as tripping over her skirt. In fact both the photographer and the other models were far to wrapped up in their own business to be taking much notice of Sai, so none of them had noticed her desperation. Since none of them wanted to pee, they did not imagine that Sai did either.

Two of the models were topless in the next scenario, and indicated to Sai that she should also remove her T-shirt and bra. Since she had worked as a topless dancer in Bangkok, Sai had no objection to this; all she wanted was to finish to photographs and get to a toilet. The tight trousers were making her want to go so badly she almost wet herself twice during the shoot, shuddering with the effort of holding it back. The other models noticed this shuddering, but assumed she was cold, being topless, and laughed at her.

Sai was almost beyond caring what was happening to her, as it was taking virtually all her concentration to keep her bladder under control. She had to try and obey the photographer's instructions, as this would get the shots over more quickly, and she was not going to get to a toilet until the session was over. For the last scenario, she had to take off her trousers, posing in her panties only. This took the pressure off her bladder, and was the only reason she managed to survive the final, legs apart pose.

At last the shoot was over, the photographer packing up his equipment and the models getting dressed again. Sai was hoping to wear her skirt for the drive back, but this had already been packed, so it was the tight trousers and agonising pressure on her bladder again. As she pulled her trousers on, she could not bear the thought of this pressure, and "forgot" to do the zip up, though even like this they hurt her, and she was on the brink of wetting herself. Worse, as she got in the car, one of the girls pointed out the zip to her, so she had to do it up.

Then sitting in the car increased the pressure on her bladder even more. Sai was in agony, as well as having to clench her bladder shut with all her strength. By the time they had left the car park, Sai knew that she was not going to be able to bear a long car trip in this state. Sheer desperation overcame all her normal reticence and the language barrier, and she uttered the words that had been in her mind for so long. "Please, excuse me, I want a toilet." The models seemed to understand this, even if they all laughed at her. One waved her hands expansively, 

"No toilets," she said, "No trees. Very far, we stop later. OK' You wait'" She then translated this for the other girls, who spoke no English, and they all laughed again, one making a gesture of holding between her legs to demonstrate that Sai would have to wait some time. For Sai this was not a joke, for she had imagined that somehow as soon as she asked for a toilet, one would miraculously appear. Now the reality was that she was going to have to endure an indefinite period of agony in the back of the car, until they reached a toilet.

She had managed to cross her legs, though this made her trousers tighter across her bladder, so was hardly any benefit. She was gritting her teeth, and clenching her hands, gripping the fabric of her trousers and trying to pull it away from her bladder. She could only just keep control, and she groaned with the effort it was taking, wondering just how long she could keep this up. Twice she though she was going to wet herself, then somehow managed to hold on, but knew this could not last.

She pressed one hand between her legs, not caring if anyone noticed or not. That eased the strain on her bladder slightly, but not enough to last long. Frantic measures were needed, as anything was better that wetting in the car. She undid her trousers, easing some of the pressure on her bladder, and then put her hand inside the crutch of her trousers, pressing it hard between her legs. This was just about bearable, she could hold on like this for a bit longer, when they surely must get to a toilet.

Soon she had to use her other hand to press outside the crutch of her trousers, as one hand no longer seemed able to keep up enough pressure. In Thai she was whimpering "It's coming out, Oh no, I must stop it, hold it in somehow." Sai had literally reached the limit of her bladder, and nothing was going to prevent her wetting her panties much longer. She simply had to get to a toilet or she felt she would die. Now they were driving through more agricultural land, and there were low walls and hedges along the road, which would give her some cover.

"Please, I want a toilet so much, Please, I go here. Please stop." 

The girl on her right turned to her, and saw how she was holding herself back, and realised that Sai really was frantic, and had to go before she burst in the car. There was a rapid exchange in French with the driver, and then he slammed on his brakes and stopped by a gateway. The girl on her right jumped out, and pointed to the hedge. "French toilet," she laughed, but it was more than good enough for Sai in her present state.

Both hands pressed between her legs, she could only hobble the few metres through the gate, hauling down her trousers and panties as soon as she was behind the hedge. She didn't care if she could be seen or not, all that mattered was that she had finally got to some sort of toilet.

Her stream seemed to go on and on for ever, and one model was watching her in amazement, marvelling that such a small body could produce such a flood. When Sai finally finished and pulled her trousers up, the girl tapped her stomach and said "Full, very full, desperate, yes," making a hand motions to indicate the size of Sai's bladder. Sai responded by holding her stomach with both hands, as it was still aching, and saying "OK now, thank you." This was the extent of their joint knowledge of English, so no further communication was possible. Sai was used to not being able to talk with people she met in France, so did not care, as at least they had understood the most important thing, and she could relax at last.

Paul Tester Bangkok, August 1998.

Notes. This was written in a hurry during a 3 day stay in Bangkok, the only time this month when I had access to the Internet. Sai, yes she is real, can be seen dancing in a bar in Nana Plaza, in her little white knickers, but not, as far as I could tell, with such a full bladder. When not working in the bar, she wears extremely tight jeans, and does indeed have a pair of white trousers such as she wore in the story.

