Kristan enjoyed skiing. She and Brad were on their way to the ski resort and she couldn't be happier. She wore her skin–tight jeans because she knew that they drove Brad crazy. This was their first date, so Kristan was incredibly nervous. And when she gets nervous, she has accidents. Nevertheless, when Brad offered her some coffee to warm up on the way to the slopes, she accepted. When they got to the resort, Kristan began to feel the urge to pee. Brad was eager to hit the slopes though after the long 2–hour drive, so she agreed to take a few runs before going to the lodge.
She put on her skis and teetered her way to the lift. Brad held her hand as they slowly slid their way onto the bench. The seat came in at their knees and whisked them up the mountain. Kristan was afraid of heights, so she tried not to look down. Brad sensing her fear began teasing her a bit.
"Come on! Look down! I've got you."
"No. Please, I'm afraid of heights."
"Come on. Don't be a baby."
As soon as Brad challenged her, she decided one look wouldn't hurt. She opened her eyes and looked down to see her knees dangling a good 65 feet above the mountain below. Her eyes grew wide and her bladder released a spurt of pee into her jeans. Kristan quickly jammed her hands into her crotch to prevent her from wetting her pants. The flow stopped, but not after a small wet patch formed between her legs. Brad didn't notice the wetness though and she quickly covered the spot with her hand.
Brad laughed at her reaction to the heights.
"Wow. You really are scared aren't you?"
"Yes. And I have to go pee really badly."
Brad looked down at her jeans and frowned.
"You're not going to wet your pants are you?"
She didn't say anything as she stared forward trying not to look at the ground below her feet. No sooner had Brad spoke did the lift jolt to a stop.
"What was that?" Kristan shrieked.
"Relax. Sometimes the lift stops when people fall getting off. It'll start back in a second."
Kristan began to fidget. She had to go to the bathroom now or risk wetting herself for all to see. She jammed her knees together and had one hand jammed into her crotch. Brad could see she was in agony.
"Are you going to piss your jeans?" Brad asked.
Kristan's face grew red and tears welled. Just as she thought she couldn't wait any longer, the lift moved again. "Thank goodness" she thought. She relaxed a little and closed her eyes, when all of a sudden; the lift came to a stop again with a jolt. She almost went in her pants again as she grabbed her crotch. She was bent over now. Her skin–tight, faded jeans were about to become soaked with urine. She could almost feel the piss pouring into her jeans.
"Hey look at that guy down there Kristan. He's good!"
Kristan stared forward without responding.
"Come on look at this guy. He's awesome!"
Kristan looked down and opened her eyes. They were 100 feet off the ground!
Her stomach dropped and her bladder clenched. She sat upright suddenly as she felt her muscles relax and involuntarily contract sending the torrent on its way. She let out a sigh as the piss surged into her underwear soaking her panties. Her underwear was filled in an instant sending the flood into her jeans with a hiss. Brad stared at her crotch in horror as the urine poured into her crotch sending a dark wet spot slowly expanding up the front of her tight jeans to her waist. Her crotch glistened as the piss poured unmercifully into her pants. Kristan sobbed in her hands as the torrent continued its surge forming two dark rivers down each leg of her skin–tight denim. The piss now began leaking into her ski boots and dripping down onto the slope below. The urine pooled around her butt sending Brad scrambling to lift himself from the seat to avoid the flood. Kristan's pants were now soaked to the ankles as she pissed her jeans. Humiliated, she sobbed uncontrollably as the stench of the urine reached Brad's nose.
"Oh my God!" he shrieked.
Kristan continued crying as she sat marinating in her own urine completely and totally humiliated.
By: River