Hey, all! I go to Texas A&M and last night was our first viewing session in Film Studies. We were watching Gone With the Wind, which is about 4hrs long. Anyway, the professor asked that none of us leave our seats and disturb the class. About 3 hrs into it I noticed that two girls in front of me had started whispering to each other. One told the other that she "had to pee so bad". Finally something interesting!! From that point on I could not tell you how the movie went, as I was too busy watching this girl. There was a large amount of weight shifting and leg twisting going on. With about 15 minutes left in the movie, I noticed that this girl started whimpering very quietly and I could see tears glinting on her face. With about five minutes left she started moaning softly, put her hands in her crotch and started bending over in her chair. Finally the movie was over, the lights came on and the professor said we could leave. Luckily I was in the back next to the door on the aisle and was able to slip out quickly. Unfortunately for this girl, she was in the second row and almost in the middle of that row (that row was wider than mine which is why I was by the door on the end.) Naturally, I stood outside waiting for the girl to come out. When she came out, she was openly holding her crotch and was frantically looking for the bathroom. She went to the left and found the men's restroom and screamed, "I can't find the bathroom, I don't know where it is!" and started running down the stairs. Of course, I followed her. She got downstairs and was running across the floor when she stopped, doubled over, and started pissing in her pants. She gushed a torrent for about five seconds and regained control. She ran the rest of the way to the bathroom leaving a nice trail of drips. I hung around to see the outcome from this and another girl came out of the bathroom and said "Man, it is nasty in there. Some girl ran in and peed herself in the middle of the floor." A few minutes later, the peed girl came out wiping tears from her face, but wearing a strange smirk. Her pants were completely soaked. The wetness went from her belt in the rear down to the sides of her thighs and all the way down her legs. She must have just stood there and peed because I noticed that her shoes now made cute squishing noises when she walked. Funny thing is– she started joking to her friend about how good it felt to pee, even if it was in her pants. I have a feeling I will be keeping a close eye on this one.... 
Keyy