Up to the Challenge

By Lynxeye

oldit24/7 has issued a challenge to a few of us who like to be desperate to pee. Basically asking us to fill our bladders to capacity or nearly, and go for a three-hour trek in a public place, hopefully encountering neighbors, random strangers, what have you, and showing them or announcing aloud our need to pee. And then ambling homeward in hopes we...perhaps make it home to the comfort of our bathrooms, or 'Risk' a potential accident in public. I have practiced expanding myself to a 'measurable' 1000 mls. That is 4 cups of liquid. I have been at home and close to the bathroom though.

So for this challenge that is set before me, I will opt to start my journey with only 700mls and I have measured the rest carefully and filled a thermos with hot tea, (my favorite). It is fall here in the mountains and I will start ambling out at 9 a.m. mountain time. We have plenty of state parks and wooded areas around and I am going drive to a park near-by that has 'trail rides' on horseback. I am a member of the trail club and will be guiding a group out around 11:00 a.m. mountain time. 

I will update my adventures as soon as I get back. I will be taking a small tape recorder with me to dictate to myself how I'm feeling etc...so I can have all the details for this post. Today is Thursday Sept. 24th and it is 8:30 a.m. mountain time and I am dressed in Jeans heavy socks, riding boots and T-shirt under a warm jacket, and cow-hide gloves. Sunglasses. And cowboy hat. This is the west. I am heading out and will post the results later. I will be on a horse and full of **** leading 20 plus people into the mountain passes and woodland meadows.

WISH ME LUCK :) o.k. I tried to update this the other day and it didn't work. So I'm trying again. I left the house needing to pee at a 4 on the scale (1-10) and got to the park and saddled 6 horses out of eight. My horse 'Rogue' is stabled at a friends farm and she was just pulling up. Amy is the only girl in her family with 6 brothers and they have a horse farm and boarding a few miles from where I live and so she was bringing my horse and four of her own, for the day. And we were also working with a herd of paint ponies for most of the visiting riders and the general public. 

I helped her get the animals off the trailer and settled into the shelter-area and noticed Amy giving me strange looks. I had left my cell phone at home by mistake and was going to go get it. And she caught-up with me and asked to ride along. I agreed (no problem) and we jumped in my truck and headed to my house. I live seven minutes from the park on a good day with out traffic so I thought this would be simple. There and back. No such luck. Pull out of the parks lot and into a traffic jam four minutes from my house.

Amy is starting to squirm around and looks embarrassed announcing that she 'needs to pee' and was hoping to go at my house' as the port-a-johns gross her out. So we make it through the jam and to my house. Amy is really uncomfortable and outwardly gripping her crotch and pee-dancing as I unlock the door and direct her to the bathroom. I check my e-mail and grab my phone and we head out again. The jam is not clear and I am at a hard 6 on the scale now as we head back to the park. We finally get back and as I'm parking Amy is giving me another strange stare. (this kind of un-nerves me) so I ask her "what?" she responds and shocks the hell out of me. 

"You are so HOT!" well this is unexpected and I dang near choke. How do you respond to that? I have no idea either. So I simply tell her "Amy, I am a happily married woman with no interest, I can find another stable to board my horse if this is going to be a problem for you." She stutters and stammers for a moment and finally assures me that she is not romantically interested in me.

But is bi-sexual and finds me very attractive. OK. So we get out of the truck and finish saddling the ponies and are side-by-side grooming our own horses and the space between my horse and hers is not big enough. I am brushing Rogue and trying not to pee-dance as the encounter with her has left me shaken and my bladder is now kicking at a solid 8 and we haven't even mounted yet. Now I always get very aroused and wet, when I am holding my pee in, and I am sure she can smell the dampness that has to be soaking my crotch by now. I stay as far away from her as possible, even pushing Rogue to step side-ways a little to give me more space.

I am working on Rogues right side, and she is working on her horses left, so there is very little room still. "You have to pee, don't you." Amy says suddenly. I know I almost passed out, I gripped a handful of Rogues mane and waited. "What?" I barked turning around to face her. The brush I was using is stopped in mid-air and I am glaring at this woman. She and I have been friends for a little over a year and this is sooo bizzare. "I have a pee-fetish myself and know I smelled pee-sex on you." " Excuse me?" I stammered feeling like an ***. "It's OK she reassures me, I love a woman who can hold her pee for me, can I feel you?" she stepped closer and Rogue snorted. "I don't want this Amy" I said firmly. 

"Only the pee-fetish nothing more." she said. "I am married." "So, spread your legs a little for me." I complied. Why, have no idea, but I did. And having another woman stroke you knowingly in the intimate spot only my husband has touched was incredible. I was pressed up against my horses flanks and letting this woman stroke and rub me through my jeans. I hissed out a breath through my teeth and she stopped. "Not wet yet. But it smells good, how badly do you need to pee?" " I am at a hard 8 and gaining fast." I told her about the challenge and she giggled and said she would be more than happy to keep an eye on me today. 

We get our horses saddled and I ride Rogue over to my truck to get the thermos of tea, and check my phone for messages. Rogue is quite a gorgeous gentlemen purebred Morgan Jet-black with full-mane and tail that would drag the ground if I didn't keep it trimmed. He is happily prancing and tossing his head and getting lots of attention from anyone driving in or out of the park. He is the only black-stallion in the group today and makes quite an impression. I finish at the truck, and walking lead him back to the shelter area. Most of the riders going out in the morning are mounted and ready. So I mount and ride Rogue to the head of the line. He has a very gentle easy gait for which I am enternally grateful, especially today. 

Amy and Cisco are in the middle of the group helping some of the less advanced riders along. We ride up the mountain pass and have to gallop up the slight incline. I give Rogue his head and he takes off like a rocket giving my bladder a jolt I really didn't need. Twelve other riders are close behind us and we have to wait in the flat glade at the top for some of the slower riders.

My crotch is on fire, and my bladders content is pushing a hard 9 on its way to 10 way too fast. I am glad that I am seated on an english saddle (not a pommelled western) as my crotch could not handle the extra friction. The group is all back together, now and it's time to head back around to finish our ride. It is basically a large circle we travel in and takes about an hour out and back. No problem usually except for the fact that I chose today to do this challenge and my bladder was throbbing. Not an ache just a pulsing throb and we had at least a half-hour on horseback left. Great. 

So at this time I find Amy on my right side, winking and asking me for a number. I give her the hard 9 and she giggles and rides away again. I reign Rogue around and making sure everyone is with us start back to finish the ride. Now, what goes up must come down, right? so we rode up hill on the way in so we come to the downward slope on the way back. When on horseback you adjust, and lean slightly back and let your animal do the work. This is not usually a problem, but of course my bladder is being tweaked with the press and rock/rolling motion of Rogue.

The slope takes only two minutes but it feels like hours have passed. I can think of nothing but getting off this horse and to a bathroom right now. We do make it back to the shelter area with everyone in tact. I dismount Rogue and help some of the riders dismount, and unsaddle half the horses, as it will be another hour and a half until we ride out again with the next group. Amy, like another pair of pants has attached herself to me, and is happily babbling away as we wipe down our horses and get ready to go get some lunch. 

She offers to drive, as there is a fast food place right up the road. I am putting Rogues tack and brushes in order and she slaps my butt and says " Hold your pee, a little longer for me, sexy" I can't believe I didn't swing at her. Every instinct has me wanting to knock this woman to New Jersey, yet I find myself completely turned on, and in some real discomfort at the same time. I convince myself I can wait a little longer before I am in distress, so we get into her large 'dooley complete with trailer. I am expecting her to start the freakin' engine and drive.

She has other ideas, yes she starts the engine and then reaches over to place her hand on my expanded abdomine giving its fullness a little press. I hiss and grimace with the pressure and immediately grab my crotch fearing a sudden leak. "Amy! don't" I tell her exactly how much liquid I have inside of me and she grins. And throws the truck in reverse. We manage to get the (slower then hell) rig out of the parking lot and onto the road. And thanks to the pot-holes in the parking lot bouncing and jostling me to death, I am in a desperate state and really wanting some relief. 4 cups of liquid are sloshing around my bladder and I am really on the edge. 

We get to the resturant and Amy says, stepping lightly from the truck "No pee-dancing or holding while we're in here, sexy." I step gingerly out of the truck and down off the running board, clamping my bladder as firmly as I can. I somehow manage to walk in, stand in line, and walk out again in a somewhat normal manner. We got the order TO GO. Thank goodness. I am at the passenger door waiting for her to unlock it and have my legs crossed tightly bending slightly at the waist. Another car is pulling up beside her truck on my side, and I up the ante' on the challenge and pee-pee dance grab my crotch and beg Amy to open the door, announcing to the family getting out of their car, that, "I have to pee so badly, please open the door." 

LOL! the looks on their faces was priceless as they dang near tripped over each other trying to get away from the crazy-lady, gripping herself and pee-dancing. It is 1:30 and I have been holding my pee since 8:00 this morning and filling myself up while I have been out. I am at full-capacity and starting to worry about an accident. I do have a strong bladder, and muscle control,but I have never been this full for this long. We pull back into the parks lot and I tell Amy "I will have to pee before we get back on the horses, or I will not make it" "just a little longer sexy." she comments and gives me an almost evil grin reaching over towards me again. I am on guard this time, and catch her wrist firmly before she can touch my swollen bladder. 

" I can't stand this much longer" I practically growl at her. "ohhh...feisty." " more like full to busrting" " I like you like this, do you want to drive to your place, or go in the port-a-johns?" She challenged. I like female desperation, and a challenge is always a plus. I knew I couldn't drive back to my house in the condition I was in presently. So I said my house and handed her the keys. It had been 5 hours and I was totally beyond my limit and on the verge of a major accident. We grabbed the lunch bags (not caring at this point if I ate it cold) I just had to pee and soon. I hobbled over to my truck keeping a firm grip on my aching crotch at this point. I didn't care who saw or knew, I just wanted to pee. Amy once again had other plans to prolong my self imposed torture.

"We should tell someone where we're going." She chirpped. I wanted to slap her into tomorrow. "Amy we have a half-hour before we're due back." I whined pee-pee dancing and holding like crazy. Yes again cars were pulling in and out of the parking lot and I didn't care if they saw or heard me. It is amazing how much you can fully focus on only one thing and the rest of the world around you is forgotten. I was in that zone and totally desperate to relieve myself. I had a grip on the front of my jeans and was tugging the seam into my crotch to hold the pee in. Amy finally decided that I maybe right and got in the truck. This created a whole new dilemma as she was not used to my truck and couldn't find the button on the key remote to unlock my door again (you push twice) and I once again found myself pee-pee dancing and tugging my jeans for all I was worth. 

She finally found the lock release on the door and I climbed in, this motion alone had me moaning and panting in earnest. We pulled out of the lot and turned in the correct direction, but it took everything I had to keep holding while trying to get her in the correct lanes etc...to get to my house. We barely made it as I felt pee-jolts trying to push my bladders load out. Amy kept the keys and was giggling and fumbling with the key in the door. "You look so cute right now" she purred. The door finally opened and I literally hobbled as fast as I could to the bathroom followed closely by Amy. 

Now I have had a female friend in the bathroom with me while I used it, but to have this almost stranger in my bathroom when I was ready to burst was quite an ordeal, on top of what I had already gone through. I had my jeans and panties down and the toilet primes and ready for my hot explosion. She stood beside my with one arm around my waist and her other hand pressing on my aching bladder, massaging it slowly. I am straddling the toilet and bent slightly(btw) and she is encouraging me to hold it just a little longer. My legs start to shake and I am near tears begging her to let me pee.

This seems to go on forever, before my bladder releases on its own and I feel the hot droplets start to trickle out and down my legs and some even reaches the toilet. She presses a little harder and I can't stand any longer and sit rather quickly on the seat. Amy kneels beside me and touches my **** and brings me to ****** while my hot pee finally rushes out of me. I am not a lesbian. But that was the most intense sexual pee I have ever had. I have'nt seen nor heard from Amy since that day. But there are many fall trail rides coming up.

Comment on this Story:

gloriajean238509: I can't do that as it is I have a weak bladder I dont need drinks to make it worse plus I dont see what is fun about makeing your kidneys hurt I know if I dont get there fast like as soon as I feel the urge to use the restroom my kidneys hurt bad for the rest of the day

Lynxeye: We work up to this point. My bladder is large, and I have never had my kidneys hurting. It is only the heavy urge to go that some of us find a bit arousing and a challenge to fight against. I do appreciate your comments, thank you.

RustyZipper: Good luck. I look forward to your results. I will, as you know, be rooting for a good soaking of the pants. ;-)

holdit247: Excellent Lynxeye, we're all watching and waiting in spirit with you!

alexwbj: I am here waiting for you report when you get back. I hope you get really really desperate as I know tht is what you want. And if you don't make it home I won't mind either :) I am particularly interested in whether you let everyone else know you were badly in need of a pee and what reactions if any you got... Good luck! Alex

ronavie: I would love to be trail ride with you when your bladder is that full.

Lynxeye: Ronavie, I am sure you could give me a 'happy ending' too. :)

ronavie: I would lve to put my hand there to help you hold it. If that doesn't I can use something else. I guess you know what that is.

Lynxeye: I have an idea.

