You may remember my interview with the deputy head master prior to me taking up my job as a teacher, how it led to me leaving behind a large porcelain jug with pampas grass in it half full of my piss.After a torrid wet sex session Roger (the deputy head), and I had reason to be glad that Lucy (the school secretary) had not caught us and Roger had let fall the knowledge that she was in to water sports. During the next two weeks I had intended to ask Roger how he knew, but the moment just did not present itself. So when just before a term commenced I had to call in the school office for some syllabus notes, Lucy said, "I see your interview went very well", and gave me a long hard look, I remembered the jug, the wet patch on the carpet, and something told me Lucy some how knew what had transpired. I felt myself blushing "don't worry" said Lucy, "I emptied the jug," I started to babble "how, um, did, I mean what did you er?" Lucy explained, "well I retuned to the office, and hearing some unusual sounds I got a chair and looked though the fan light and saw most of what happened. There is no need to excuse yourself, a bit of wet sex with your ex is nothing to get excited about, apart from which I found it such a turn on that I had my hand between my legs for the remainder of the day. I have always, even from being little, been fascinated with the link between weeing and sex" Lucy's confession made me fell better. She went on to tell me how she had often wet herself as a young girl, often deliberately, and when she had done so she found that sooner or later she finished up rubbing herself to a climax. She explained that the connection with sex, however, had not come until she was much older. Listening to her, I heard about how she had frequently wet her pants in class, sometimes in the gym apparently when climbing the ropes in the gym and how when she rubbed her pussy on the rope with a bladder full of pee it gave her relief in two ways. Some of the things she mentioned I was familiar with, like wanting to pee while in bed and too scared to go to the toilet downstairs, and scrunching up the edge of the duvet between the legs, thereby letting the scrunched up material soak up all the pee, left one with wet panties but retained a dry bed. However if this procedure was repeated a girl was in danger of being found out. She had, however, derived a great deal of pleasure from masturbating for long periods of time following this practice. It was whilst so engaged that she was caught by a prefect (Lucy had been at boarding school) and on pain of this being revealed to the staff, The older girl had suffered her to endure being caned, to the point where she wet herself, also she had allowed herself to be masturbated till she was at screaming point. Being denied satisfaction till she returned the treatment resulting in the two girls sitting face to face on the loo and rubbing their vaginas together to a mutual climax of weeing and wanking. Hearing all these stories had made me aware that I needed a pee, and I noticed two things about Lucy. There was a strong smell of spicy pee in the air and she was writhing about crossing and uncrossing her legs, as she related her memories, and as we looked at one another we both knew what was on the agenda next. I crossed to the door and locked it I stared down at her "You have peed yourself I can smell it." "Yes" said Lucy "I did it in the car coming to work –it was somewhat of an accident and partly on purpose." I folded her skirt back and exposed her panties and stopped to inspect them they were stained where the wee had dried in them and covered in white marks, where she obviously been masturbating in them, it and must have been more than once. "You must have been masturbating yourself silly all morning," said I. Lucy admitted it, saying that knowing that I was dropping in had started her thinking about what Roger and I had done in the boardroom (apparently she had watched through a fan light over the door) and the memory of it had set her imagination off. "You are taking a risk aren't you? Suppose the head caught you having peed your panties and wanking off in your office?" Lucy chuckled "Oh! But he has – One day when I was taking dictation he was buggering about on telephone calls, and having long conversations with people, I really wanted to pee a lot, and he had not taken any notice of my frantic wriggling, or for that matter the way my legs were crossed. I was that bad. I needed to hold myself behind my shorthand pad. I suddenly decided to risk it, I asked if he minded if I went to the toilet he just waved at me, and carried on. But when I stood I could restrain it no longer and started to pee in my panties a bit at a time till my panties where soaked round my crotch and bum then I let my skirt ride up and started to open my legs so he could not help but see that I was wetting my panties. When he did notice his reaction was instantaneous– he made out I was behaving like a little girl and should be treated like one, he was trying to be stern but I could see that beneath his trousers his cock was straining and when he made me bend over his knee for six slaps over my wet panties I made sure my vagina was in direct contact with his prick. I knew by now he was hooked, the first two slaps where quite hard but the rest trailed of until by the fifth he was plainly rubbing my clit through my pants. Of course I was rubbing my self against his cock and he was responding nicely. I let him know that if he kept on diddling me, I would wet myself. This really got to him he pulled off his pants and pulling aside the gusset of my by now soaking wet panties (not just wet with piss either) and lowered me on to the to his raging hard prick. My! He fucked me with such intent that when I orgasmed and peed all over him and the carpet, his only response was to fuck harder when he came spurting up inside me I was seized with a second climax. Since then during the working day he repeatedly puts his hand up my skirt to see if I am wet and will take serious risks to relieve us both. So you see, catching me with wet pants and wanking would only lead to something very nice. Unfortunately he is still on holiday." During all this time she had become aware of my need to pee, she placed her hand on my leg slowly running up my thigh till she moved my fingers, which had been holding my vagina, though my panties. Then staring in to my eyes she began diddling me through my panties, then she knelt down and pulling my panties aside, commenced to lick my clit and vagina lip with tingling laps I knew I was going to pee and although I didn't want to pee all over her, I could not delay the tumultuous sensation that spread from my tummy down my legs and up to my tits. I gasped that I was going to pee – Lucy just nodded. I could not help it I locked my hands round her head and ground my vagina in to her face I was trembling, as the climax hit me I lost control falling to the floor her head still grasped between my legs, I came in waves pissing in force, full jets off pee with each spasm wetting my panties my legs, and her face, hair, and blouse. Meanwhile Lucy had wrapped her legs round my leg and had been rubbing her self up and down and I had been aware of the friction of the starchy pee stiff material of her knickers, it must have been bliss on her clit because as I peed so did she, howling and swearing obscenities as she did so. We lay in a large pool of our combined piss, getting our breath back. Lucy helped me to my feet and as we slipped into the locker room I changed into my gym outfit and Lucy had a spare dress that she changed into. There was an intimate affinity between us now as we took it in turn to sponge one another down and arousing ourselves in the process, so that we both elected to keep our dirty panties on. That had a deep effect on me when I got home but that's another story.
Undine