I'd like to tell you about some of the strange things that happened to me after I went to college. I went to a different state, with two of my best friends, and our parents bought a house for us to live in. They did it on a few conditions. We had to maintain the building (they would pay back the bills, but we had to arrange the repairs and if we could do them ourselves. We had to progress in college, so no partying all night, each night. We had to come back home on a regular basis and finally we had to take care of the bills. We didn't have to pay rent, but they didn't give us any money to live off of (they did pay college tuition and our books and stuff). We thought it to be a good deal and we took it. We had a living room, a bedroom each, a kitchen and a bathroom. We decorated the rooms with money we got from our grandparents, including new beds and all.
By the way, my name is Carol. My friends are called Eve and Ann. One day we went to buy new beds and Eve took us apart. She told us she had to admit something to us, and she was very embarrassed about it. We would find out anyway, so she'd better tell us now and we could help her a bit. She told us she still wet her bed sometimes. It happened only when she was very tired and didn't wake up in time, usually after a night out in the town and a lot of alcohol. She had to buy a protective cover or she would ruin her bed. She was ashamed because she had to buy one and asked us to buy one too. That way we could say it was to protect our beds from drinks or sperm or so, not from wetting the bed. I agreed to help her out and Ann didn't mind as well. We bought three beds, with sheets and all and three protective covers. The sales lady looked at us in surprise. "Do you still wet the bed? At your age?" I told her we didn't, but we were all with irregular cycles and we didn't want to get blood in the bed if we started our period at night before we expected it. We could wash the sheets, but not the rest of the bed. This way we could protect it. And in a confidential voice I added that we had a house to ourselves. There would be parties sometimes and if some boy and girl decided to have sex, we didn't want sperm in the beds as well. The woman smiled and nodded approvingly. She liked people who took care of the beds she sold them, and we got the covers for free because of it. Eve was very relieved that she got away with it and we went to lunch.
Three days later we had bought everything we needed and had it delivered to the house. We had decorated our rooms and had a big dinner for our parents and grandparents to thank them for the house and the money to decorate it.
We had bought a lot of food and wine, and had a lot left over when they left. We watched some television and drank some more wine. We started to talk and at some point Ann asked Eve how it felt to wet the bed. Eve got all red in the face and said she didn't want to talk about it. I said she better get comfortable about it, for we would notice it when she changed her sheets, and we didn't want her to be ashamed of it. She then told us it started when she was about twelve. She had got out of bed to pee and the babysitter had kicked her back in her bed, saying she should be sleeping, not walking around. Later her parents found out she had been busy stealing jewelry at that moment and was afraid she was going to get caught. Eve had to go bad, but didn't dare to go to the toilet anymore and finally fell asleep.
At about half past five she woke up peeing in bed and cried her eyes out. Her mother was cross with her at first, she was too old for this, but understood when Eve told her what happened. It turned out the babysitter had stolen all the jewelry in the house and some money as well and had left the state. She was caught and prosecuted but the damage was done. After that night Eve wet the bed every night and had to go to a doctor. He found out she had held up her urine so long her inner closing muscle had been damaged by the force of the pressure. Eve got bladder training and managed to learn waking up before she peed, but if she slept real deep she wet the bed. There was nothing to be done about it and Eve trained herself to sleep through it and if she woke up to enjoy the warmth and the wetness.
After that story we told her we understood completely and she didn't have to be ashamed of it. Ann asked Eve if she ever wet the bed on purpose. Ann told us she did it once as a girl when it was very cold outside and she had to pee. She just wet the bed and went back to sleep. Her mother had been very cross with her and she never dared to do it again, but she wondered the last years how it would feel– warm and nice, or dirty. Eve admitted after this that she sometimes just wet the bed if she really had to go bad and didn't want to get out. She thought it was a strange feeling; one you couldn't describe, but had to experience. If Ann really wanted to know what it felt like, she would have to wet her bed tonight. Ann looked at Eve and me and said, "What do you think girls? Tonight no toilet privileges, just peeing the bed?" I told her to go right ahead, I wouldn't stop her. She insisted we did it as well. Eve was easily convinced and gave me a reason to do it as well. She said it would make it easier on her if this first night in our house we would all wet the bed. This way we would all have done it and she wouldn't be so ashamed anymore. I would do anything for my friends, so I would wet the bed for her. We agreed we would go to the toilet now and after that not until the next morning. We peed and after that we drank some more wine and went to bed. Ann wanted us to come to her room after we changed.
When we got to her room she was in her bed and asked us if we were going to do this. When we both said we would she told us she wanted to do it now, with us watching. She looked us in the eyes and counted down from three. At one I heard a hissing noise and with a look of ecstasy on her face Ann wet her bed. When she was finished she wished us a good night and turned off the lights. I saw her move her hands to her groin area and heard a moaning sound after I closed the door. Eve whispered to me that Ann must have liked it a lot, if she was masturbating over it. When we got to her room she kissed me goodnight on my cheek and went into her room. I closed the door and walked to my room, but slipped back silently and watched trough the keyhole. Eve was lying on her back, hands in her panties, masturbating vigorously. She moaned something like 'oh God, here it comes, oh God, oh yes,' and suddenly pee came flowing from her panties and butt, wetting her bed. Eve moaned 'yes, yes, finally,' and orgasmed three or four times. After that I went to my room. I knew both my roommates masturbated and peed their beds. I was turned on and wanted to masturbate. I also knew I had to pee the bed, not only because I promised, but also because I was curious what it would feel like. The only question was who to mimic. Would I pee the bed and masturbate after that like Ann or would I do it like Eve and pee the bed when I orgasmed.
Suddenly I remembered one time when I was horny at school and went to the toilets to pee. I had put a finger in my vagina to masturbate and it had felt so good I lost control and peed over my hand, what made me orgasm. It was one of the best orgasms ever, one I tried to repeat some times by masturbating with a full bladder. I never managed and suddenly it dawned on me it must have been the peeing that made the orgasm so great. I knew I had to try it like Eve. It was wonderful; I had two orgasms and fell asleep almost immediately after it. I woke up at about five in the morning to pee, and I almost went to the toilet when I remembered I already peed the bed, so I just relaxed and let it flow. I must have fallen asleep peeing for I don't remember finishing the pee.
The next morning we changed the sheets and put them in the washer. I was glad we bought the big washing machine, for it fit in all at once. We didn't talk about it until we went to bed. Ann dropped a bombshell on us. She told us she didn't plan on peeing to the toilet to pee if she woke up. Normally when she went to the toilet to pee it took her about an hour to fall back to sleep, now she didn't even remember finishing her pee. More over, she enjoyed peeing her bed on purpose and though she wasn't going to do it now, she would do it if she felt like it. I asked her if she meant if she was horny and wanted to masturbate and Ann got all red in the face. "You noticed?" "Yes. We noticed. And I noticed Eve masturbating and peeing during her orgasm. I did it that way too." Ann looked at us. "You too?" "Yes, we did too." After that I knew we were in for a lot of washing and a high water bill.
We agreed however that we would always changes our sheets or we would get a nasty smell in the house. Another thing that I made Ann and Eve promise was that though we would obviously pee our beds a lot at night, we had to get up and to the toilet at least twice a week, randomly, or we would risk peeing our beds for the rest of our lives at night for we wouldn't wake up anymore. That wouldn't turn on the boys or make us very popular with our parents or friends. Ann told us it would turn some boys on but didn't want to explain what she meant.
It took us about three weeks to get Ann to explain her remark. In those weeks we had to wash our bed sheets more often than not. But we all kept the two–day toilet rule in tact. We never broke that rule as far as I know, and none of us have ever wet the bed without expecting it (Eve expected it if she was tired or had drank a lot of alcohol). We always woke up to pee. After a lot of pushing and whining and convincing Ann told us what she meant. A few months ago she had dated a guy who was more than interested in her toilet habits. One day they had been cuddling on a couch in his house when she had to pee. She wanted to get up but he held her tightly. She told him she had to pee, and he had convinced her to pee her panties (she was wearing a skirt) while she was sitting on his lap kissing. She had peed her panties and he got so turned on they had sex right after. Another time she slept over and was in his bed with him at night when she had to pee. When she wanted to get out he told her to wet the bed. She went on top of him, and she peed her panties over him. After that he fingered her to an orgasm, for he had cum while she was peeing all over him. So there were boys out there who liked it. We wanted to know what else he had asked her to do and she admitted he had made her wet her jeans in the park one day. He had bought her jeans and a T–shirt for it. He had come in his pants before she finished and after he came she 'fell' in the fountain and finished her pee there. No one ever found out she peed herself that day. Ann broke up with the guy after that, she found out he had more than one girlfriend, though she was the only one to pee herself for him. He had begged her to come back, but Ann had her pride.
This got me thinking. If peeing in bed felt so good– how would it feel to pee my pants? A few days later when we had been drinking and we were a bit looser I asked Ann how it felt to pee her pants. Ann told me she was too scared if someone she knew noticed she was peeing her pants on purpose to pay attention to what it felt like. She said she enjoyed her panty peeing, however. Eve asked me if I was thinking about peeing in my pants and I told them I had better orgasms peeing the bed than any guy had ever given me. I also told them I was indeed curious how it would feel to pee in my pants.
Ann and Eve dared me to pee my pants then, but I told them that if I was going to do it, I wanted to be sober, so I could really feel what it felt like. Eve dared me to pee my jeans tomorrow, after college, with them watching, and I agreed. When we went to bed no one of us went to the toilet. We were horny and we would pee our beds soon. Ann went into her room, but Eve walked with me into mine. She asked me if I wondered what it would feel like to pee on someone else. Ever since Ann had told us about her peeing on her boyfriend she had wondered how it would feel to pee on someone and to be peed upon. I had to admit that was something I had wondered as well. I had changed into my pajamas and slipped into the bed while we talked. When I said I was curious about it Eve went to her room, after telling me to stay as I was, dry. She returned soon after and slipped into my bed as well. I had thought we were going to do it sitting, but Eve apparently wanted to do it in bed. Fine with me. We were giggling a lot and finally Eve rolled on top of me. I felt her crotch against my crotch, a new feeling for me, and I got strangely turned on. Eve said she wanted to do this right and started to kiss my cheeks lightly. I had only been kissed like this once before, that had been just before I lost my virginity to my first boyfriend. Eve trembled a bit, and suddenly my panties got wet. Eve pissed herself and me full force while she was kissing me on my cheeks. When she was finished she moaned and pushed her cunt against me and ground it against my cunt. I think we had a simultaneous orgasm, a first for me (not only a first simultaneous orgasm, my first orgasm with a girl). After that Eve caressed my hair and apologized if she upset me. I told her I wasn't upset, but I wanted her to change into something dry. I would do the same and we would do it again, but this time in her bed. When I got to her room Eve was in her bed already and I slipped in with her. I had to go bad, so I got on top of her quickly. I started to kiss her cheeks as well after I positioned my crotch directly over her crotch. Eve put her hands on my clit and told me to go ahead. I said it should be a surprise when I started and she had to wait a bit. I kept kissing her cheeks but somehow I got to her mouth. Suddenly I gave her a kiss on her mouth. I looked in her eyes surprised. She was as surprised as I was, but I saw something in her eyes I felt inside as well... Passion. I kissed her again on her lips lightly and then I let my urine flow, while I started to lick her lips. Very soon we were French–kissing and grinding our crotches against each other. When I finished peeing Eve rolled me off her and her hands wandered to my aching cunt. I felt her hand slip under my panties and I followed her lead. She opened her legs wide enough to give me access to her vagina and I slipped a finger in. When I opened up my legs two fingers went in my vagina immediately, and I put a second finger in her cunt as well. We orgasmed a few times and the next thing I remember is Ann saying 'Oh my god' Apparently we fell asleep and Ann walked in on us in the morning. We didn't have a blanket over us and both our hands were in each other's panties. Lucky my fingers slipped out of Eve and vice versa or we would have been sore for a week.
At breakfast we explained what happened, and assured Ann we weren't gay or in love with each other. But apparently we were bisexual and we enjoyed each other's bodies. Ann said she wouldn't freak out over it, if she could have what we had sometimes. We agreed that from now on, we could have sex with each other as long as it was wet and just sex, no love. Ann had sex with a girl before, her niece, when she was younger, and they were curious what it would be like. Ann had told us all about it and assured us it was great, sex with a girl, but it lacked one important thing– a dick. We now agreed it lacked a dick indeed but it was a great substitute. After breakfast we showered and put our bed sheets in the wash. We got dressed and went to college. All day at college I was horny as hell. I couldn't get Eve out of my mind; I loved having sex with her and wanted to do it again as soon as possible. And beside that I had said I was going to pee my jeans when we got home, and they were going to watch. They didn't know I planned to get them to wet their pants as well. I got so horny that I had to do something about it. I went to the toilets and masturbated myself through my panties, knowing full well that I would never be able to cum without peeing myself. My orgasm was great and my panties were wet– just as I had started to prefer it.
End of part 1
JJ ( email is welcome... JJ is male... just click on his name)