Come on, come on, Samantha thought to herself.
Here she was again, outside the apartment bathroom with a morning bladder full to bursting. Inside of course, was her roommate Ashley.
"Ashley! Open the door damn it. You can primp yourself later it's an emergency."
"Hold on," Ashley said.
Geeze, that girl can't hold it more than 5 minutes before she is pissing all over herself. Ashley thought.
Damn her, damn her, Sam thought to herself again. Ashley did this every morning. Sam tried to wake up before Ashley but sometimes she timed it wrong. What did she do to get stuck with a roommate like her? The pretty girl and the average girl, Sam knew what everyone thought of her and Ashley. Sam herself was not ugly and she knew that, but compared to Ashley, sigh. Sam was slightly chunky with no tits and would be as pale as a ghost, luckily over the last two weeks she had browned up a bit. She had only a few qualities that redeemed her, her ass, which not just big but round, the eyes of Poseidon himself, blue as the deepest sea, flaming red hair and freckles (if your into that sort of thing) and probably the nicest personality you could find in a women. Then there was Ashley.
Ashley prided herself on her looks. She was 5foot 6 with long brown hair and forest green eyes; a tan that ran from her head to her toes. More than once, Sam had caught Ashley on the balcony completely naked, in all her glory. Sam didn't like to admit it to herself but sometimes she caught herself staring for longer than was necessary. But who wouldn't? Perfect tits, 36C's that even without a bra stood at perky attention. More than one guy had run into some object ogling at Ashley's twins. Of course Ashley loved it all. That was why everything she owned was either tight or short. She preferred tight but short got her all the looks she wanted. Bending over in a pair of tight jean shorts made her feel like Jessica Simpson; her ass squishing against the fabric that was barely able to contain the supple curves beneath.
"Oh my God, oh my God," Samantha exclaimed as the first jet shot out of her.
Looking down she saw a pretty good sized damp spot on her pajama pants. She knew that was not nearly the end of the torrent building inside her.
"Ashley! Seriously, open this fucking door. I will not let you make me piss myself again."
Just saying it reminded Samantha of the time Ashley had pretty much made her pee herself in front of most of their friends. It was about a year ago, they had just gotten back from a trip into the woods.
Samantha's salvation, the 7/11 was right up ahead when she heard Ashley say, "Watch this," to some of her friends. She then proceeded to grab Sam and tickle her. It was such a mean thing to do, Sam thought.
Sam would never do that to her. Sam didn't have time to think anymore on it, she had more pressing issues. Luckily for her, right then the door opened and Ashley stepped out in all her glory.
"You can go now," Sam pushed Ashley out of the way dropped her pajama pants and let go.
Oh sweet relief, Sam thought to herself.
"Eww, shut the door you pig," Ashley said and slammed the bathroom door shut.
As Samantha sat there, something snapped and she knew this was the last straw, that bitch was going down. She finished her pee and cleaned herself up. She had all day to formulate a plan and it was going to be a good one; one way or another Ashley was going to piss her pants.
Samantha only had two problems to deal with, one, she couldn't make herself embarrass Ashley in public and two; Ashley had the bladder of an ox. Samantha couldn't even remember ever seeing Ashley desperate for the bathroom before. After some thinking though, she knew what she was going to do.
That evening they had some friends over for dinner. Samantha began phase one of her plan.
"Oh my God, I am so sorry," Samantha said as she spilled Ashley's drink.
"Ah, clumsy! Watch what you are doing!" Ashley said.
"I'm so sorry. Here– take my drink."
Ashley ripped the drink out of Samantha's hand and took a big gulp.
Perfect, Samantha thought.
Phase one was complete. What Ashley didn't know was that Samantha had laced the drink with a powerful diuretic. In fact she had doubled the dose; it paid to have a nurse for a mother, Sam knew that it would not hurt Ashley, only make her have to pee like never before.
The party continued on into the early morning; loud music and more drinking. Lots more drinking. At about 3:30 Ashley and Samantha said goodbye to their friends and got ready for bed.
Samantha watched as Ashley walked out of the bathroom. It didn't matter that Ashley had just peed, the Diuretic had not even begun to kick in yet and Samantha already had plans as to how to get Ashley ready for her morning pee.
6:30AM, Perfect, thought Samantha.
Samantha was all ready to begin phase two of her plan. Sneaking into Ashley's room was a breeze. When Ashley drank she slept like the dead. Actually, Ashley slept like the dead every day, even more so when she drank. Samantha was going to finish this right here, right now. She had a bowel of warm water all ready to make Ashley piss herself good.
Slowly, Samantha dunked Ashley's hand into the water. She pulled back the covers to expose Ashley's crotch. 
She didn't even change her pants– I don't think I could have slept in such a tight pair of jeans. But whatever floats her boat, besides now I can see her wet spot, Samantha thought.
Samantha decided to have a look at Ashley's stomach and see if that diuretic was doing its job. She slowly lifted up Ashley's shirt and looked. Sure enough there was a nice bulge in her stomach. At this point Samantha also noticed something else that had little to do with her current job here.
She's not wearing a bra! Are those her nipples, Oh my God, her nipples are amazing. Maybe I could just take a peek, Samantha thought.
"Holy shit what am I thinking?" Samantha exclaimed, a little louder than she wanted to. Quickly she pushed those thoughts out of her mind and put the shirt back down.
After waiting about 20 minutes with no results, Samantha was getting pretty annoyed. She had warmed the water two times and still Ashley had yet to pee. Then she saw them, and a really devious plan began forming in her mind. But how far did she want to take this? Would Ashley be really pissed? Would she get in trouble? She decided the payoff was better than the consequences.
Attached to Ashley's bed were handcuffs she liked to use on some of the more kinky men. As stealthily as she could, she took Ashley's hands and bound them in the cuffs.
My God that girl is either the deepest sleeper or she drank more than I thought, Samantha said to herself.
It was now or never. If she was going to have revenge it was going to be this day. Samantha took a deep breath and clicked on Ashley's bedside alarm/radio. Ashley noticed two things as she woke up to her stupid alarm. One, her hands were restrained for some reason and two; she had to really fucking pee! Suddenly the alarm stopped and she heard Samantha's voice.
"Well good morning sleepy head."
"Why the fuck am I handcuffed to my own bed?" Ashley exclaimed.
"Just a little fun I have planned for you," replied Samantha.
"Oh shit, you are going to kill me aren't you?" screamed Ashley.
"NO, no, no!" Samantha blurted quickly.
"Well then let me go I have to piss."
"Nope– you are not going anywhere until you beg me to let you go," Samantha said with a sneer.
"Come on Samantha this is not funny. Let me go. I don't want to piss my bed."
"So you do have to pee then. Let's just see if you can hold it a little longer shall we?"
With that Samantha grabbed a feather she had gotten and began tickling Ashley's feet. Ashley thrashed laughing and squirming on the bed. Ashley's shirt rode up and Samantha caught herself ogling Ashley's tits again.
Suddenly Samantha felt a kind of warmth, one that was normally reserved for guys only. She was enjoying this. Not only was this revenge but she was deriving a sick pleasure from it; and she liked it.
"Still have to pee my little prisoner?" Samantha cooed.
"YES! Please let me go pee," Ashley begged.
Ashley could feel that she was not going to be able to hold on much longer. She hoped it was not visible but she had already let a little squirt out into her jeans. Meanwhile Samantha'slowly slid her hand up Ashley's leg and took the time to apply a little more pressure on that bump in Ashley's stomach before she grabbed a huge handful of Ashley's tit.
"What are you doing? Let go of me!" Samantha quickly complied.
"WHO TOLD YOU?" Ashley exclaimed.
What, Samantha thought.
That was not the question she was expecting.
"Who told me what?"
Ashley looked like she was almost crying. "Who told you that I was a lesbian?"
Ashley was a lesbian. This was news to Samantha. She had lived with the girl for 6 months and never would have guessed. But she knew where to go from there. In the blink of an eye Samantha jumped on top of Ashley. Pulling up Ashley's shirt, she kissed, licked, and sucked both her breasts. Then she went in and kissed Ashley full on the lips. Pushing forward, Samantha's hips pushed full on Ashley's bladder.
"Oh my God, I'm peeing," said Ashley.
Samantha jumped off and watched as a little wet patch formed then proceeded to get bigger and bigger. Ashley moaned with pleasure while Samantha watched as the dark spot spread slowly down Ashley's pant leg and a puddle began forming under her cute butt. The volume of pee was just huge. Samantha also noticed that Ashley's stomach was quite a bit smaller than before.
After about 30 seconds the stream turned to a trickle and finally ceased. Surveying the damages– it was incredible. The jeans were soaked from top to bottom. Ashley turned to the side giving Samantha a great look at her wet ass. A little bit still dribbled off and onto the bed. Slowly Samantha unlocked both of the cuffs, looked away and readied herself to be beaten senseless. She felt a tap on her shoulder and turned around. Instead of a fist however she felt something soft. Ashley was kissing her. With Ashley still in her wet jeans, Samantha reached around and grabbed her butt feeling the warm wetness still there.
"Where do we go from here?" asked Samantha.
"I don't know. But next time we do this, it is in your bed," Ashley said with a wink.
"Only if we do it together," Samantha said.
"Deal– now can we please clean my bed up?"
By: Enigma