Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Masturbation, and Foreplay.
This story and the characters in it are fiction. Any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental.
Margaret, Maisie and Mandy were sisters. Margaret was the oldest aged 22, Maisie was 20, and Mandy was 19.
About 5 years ago, while she was in school, Maisie had taken part in a French Exchange visit, where she went to stay with a family near Lyons for two weeks, and then the daughter of the French family, Juliette, came to stay with them for two weeks. They had kept in touch, and Juliette, who was the same age as Maisie, was spending a fortnight's break with Maisie and her sisters. Of course, there were one or two cultural differences, and Juliette was a bit more open and daring about some things compared to Maisie and her sisters, but they always had great fun together.
One day, Margaret and Maisie were chatting about some of Juliette's odd ways, and Maisie asked Margaret if she had noticed that Juliette never went to the bathroom until she was practically bursting. "Haven't you noticed her doing her pee–pee dances?" she asked.
"Now that you come to mention it, yes I suppose she does," replied Margaret. "I hadn't paid much attention to it before."
They agreed they'd keep watch on her for the rest of that day, and they got Mandy in on it, too. Sure enough, after lunch, the girls were washing the dishes and Juliette started her pee–pee dance. The girls looked at each other and smiled as Juliette continued washing the dishes, doing little hops and jiggles accompanied by clenching her thighs from time to time. After they had finished, Juliette went out into the garden.
"See, she does that every time, " said Maisie," and she still hasn't been. Let's keep an eye on here and see whether she goes to the bathroom." So after about ten or fifteen minutes outside, almost all of which were spent pee–pee dancing with even the odd squeezing and rubbing of her crotch when she thought nobody was looking, Juliette came trotting in and headed straight for the bathroom. She went in and locked the door, and the three sisters quietly crept up outside the door to listen. They heard the rustle of her clothes as she pulled her knickers down and the tinkling and splashing of her weeing, but they also heard her gasping and panting like she was out of breath. The girls looked at each other and continued to listen. Eventually the tinkling of Juliette's weeing stopped, and they heard a squishing sort of sound and Juliette was still panting.
"She's fingering herself," mouthed Maisie without actually saying it, and her two sisters nodded. After a short time Juliette squeaked and squealed quietly and it was obvious she had brought herself to an orgasm. As she flushed the toilet, straightened her clothes and washing her hands, the three sisters went into the living room.
"The dirty little thing" said Mandy.
"Why is she dirty?" asked Margaret. "Don't tell me you have never done that." Mandy went a bit red and said nothing, but Maisie said, "Well I do it sometimes, how about you Margaret?"
"Of course I do," Margaret responded. "I often do it, mostly while I am in bed, but I've not held onto my pee–pee like that. Let's trick her. Mum and dad are away tomorrow and Sunday. Why don't we rig the bathroom door so that it's jammed and see if we can get her to wet herself? Of course there is a danger it may backfire and we may get caught out and end up with wet panties so we'd best make sure we have clean ones. Ooh and we'd better make sure there are some towels outside the bathroom too." The others agreed it was a good idea, so the plot was made.
Next morning the three girls rose early to see mum and dad off for their weekend away. They left just after breakfast, about 8am. Juliette was having a late sleep in so the three sisters rigged the bathroom door latch so that it could be jammed easily once Juliette had had her morning wash etc. 
About 10am Juliette rose, went to the bathroom and washed. She returned to her bedroom and dressed before going in for breakfast. Margaret, Maisie and Mandy noticed she didn't use the toilet. Leastwise they hadn't heard it flush and when Mandy went in to wash her hands she noticed there was clean water in the bowl, so she couldn't have gone.
While Juliette was drinking her mug of coffee, Margaret went out and finished rigging the door. It was now jammed shut. She returned to the others and gave them a thumbs–up sign, out of sight of Juliette. 
After Juliette had finished her coffee, they went outside into the garden to enjoy the sunshine. They sat around reading and listening to the local radio station. Round about twelve o'clock, Mandy suggested some drinks, and went into the kitchen to get some, returning with four large colas. As she passed Juliette hers, Mandy winked at the others. Sure enough, about 12:30 Juliette's knees started moving back and forth occasionally. By 12:45 it had gone from occasionally to almost continually. 12:50 came and the knee movements changed to foot tapping, first one foot and then the other, then both together. 12:55 and she was discretely rubbing her crotch and panting a bit. Finally at 1:00 she gave in, rose, and headed for the bathroom. The girls looked at each other and giggled.
"Oh no," came a panic stricken voice from the house. "I am not believing it. C'est non possible." The three sisters giggled to themselves and went in, looking all innocent and concerned, to where a panic stricken Juliette stood outside the bathroom door with her hands stuffed up between her legs dancing the most furious pee–pee dance any of them had ever seen. 
"Le door, eet is stuck," she screamed, "and I am nearly pissing myself in my panties and jeans and all over your light carpet. What am I to do? I cannot get downstairs again and go into the garden, or I will surely piss my panties before I get there. Ooooh and it is hurting too. There is so much of it I am full." 
Margaret tried the door, followed by Maisie and Mandy. They all agreed that the latch had somehow got stuck and would not open. "I'll go and get a bowl," said Mandy, trying to seem helpful. "You can pee in that and we can empty it and wash it out afterwards," and with that she trotted downstairs heading for the kitchen. Margaret and Maisie stayed with Juliette trying to comfort her and help her hold on for a few minutes while Mandy fetched the bowl.
Mandy reappeared after a short while with some towels and a bowl from the kitchen sink. "Sorry for the delay, I had to take the breakfast dishes out of the bowl, first," and she spread the towels on the floor underneath Juliette. Juliette was by this time in a semi crouched position in absolute agony. Mandy passed her the bowl but Juliette cried, "It is no good. I cannot move to get my jeans and my knickers down or I will start peeing, and if I do not it will fill them and run all down my legs and get onto your beautiful carpet and leave a stain. What am I to do?" "That's OK," said Maisie, coming to the rescue, you hold on a few more seconds and we'll see to your clothes and everything," so with Mandy holding the bowl ready to put it under at the vital moment, Margaret and Maisie began undoing Juliette's jeans and pulling them down. They lifted her blouse up and tucked it under Juliette's arms. Even as they pulled down her pink knickers, her pee started to dribble Quickly Mandy pushed the bowl in underneath her just as Juliette gasped and the dribble of pee turned into a fast gush.
All three of the sisters were crouched there watching her pissing like a racehorse. They all had an excellent view of her golden stream gushing out and they somehow felt a bit turned on by such a sight. 
Then Juliette shocked them all. She seemed to forget where she was and that they were watching her, for she put her right hand straight into her golden stream and began to rub her clitoris. She gasped and panted as she rubbed, and then moved her hand and inserted one finger into her vagina, her other hand coming down to take over rubbing her clitoris. Her peeing started to subside, but still she continued to masturbate herself. The three sisters were transfixed. Never before had they watched anybody masturbating themselves like this, although they all did it themselves, but in private. They'd never done it in front of anyone. Soon Juliette started to squeal as she brought herself to a shuddering orgasm. Mandy stood there holding the bowl of Juliette's pee with her mouth wide open, her chin almost touching the floor.
Margaret was the first to break the silence. "Wowwww!" she exclaimed, "That was awesome. Never have I seen anyone do that before. How often do you do that, Juliette? And why do you always leave it till your almost bursting before you go for a a wee–wee?"
Juliette just smiled and said, "Almost every time. I love to feel my bladder full, and I love to watch the people who have noticed me doing my pee–pee dances and are trying not to let me see them looking at me. Sometimes they must be wondering if I am going to piss my panties. Is this not true?" The girls all nodded. And then when I am relieving myself, I always feel so aroused that I cannot help myself. I have to finger myself and make myself cum, and it feels so, so good. Don't tell me that you do not do it? Of course you must do. Don't all girls do that sometimes?"
The three sisters looked at each other, and Margaret, being the eldest, spoke for them and said, "Of course we all like to give ourselves a wank sometimes, but we've never done it in front of anyone else, and I don't think any of us have held our pee–pee till we could do as much as you have. I've never played with my pussy while I was pissing either, have you two?" Mandy and Masie shook their heads.
"Perhaps you should try it then" suggested Juliette, "I am sorry, I misunderstood you. When you started to take down my jeans and then when you took down my panties, I thought you all did it, and that you wanted to join in. I did not mean to embarrass you. What about it, though? Would you three like to try it and see how it feels? I can tell you it feels so good. There's nothing quite like it. The three of them looked at each other again and they all nodded.
"Good," said Juliette. "When did you last go for wee–wees?" "Just before breakfast, about 7:00" said Margaret, and the other two agreed.
"Good, your bladders must be filling up nicely then, " said Juliette. "You don't have to wait till you can't possibly hold it in any longer, but it feels much better if you do, and your orgasms will be so much more intense. OK here's what we do. We drink a half litre of water or cola or something every half hour. That'll fill your bladders up and make you start to need a pee–pee, but you don't go to the bathroom. Oh, you can't anyway; the door lock is stuck. I suggest that we all put on skirts, because it's easier in a skirt than having to pull down jeans or trousers, and then we can go outside to do this now. Oui? You're not used to holding it yet and you might lose control and pee yourself and make a mess."
They all changed into short skimpy skirts and outside they went, taking with them the towels off the floor, and in the kitchen emptying the bowl that Juliette had pissed in, and picking up some drinks.
They chatted, and every half–hour they drank together, as they had planned, except for Juliette drank 2 glasses every time they drank 1, she wanted to catch up and do it again with them. After about an hour and a half they all began to feel the pressure as their bladders filled up. "Do you want to pee–pee in your knickers, or do you want to take them off?" asked Juliette. "I sometimes do it through my panties, and sometimes I take them off. This time it will be a little different because we will not be trying to make it to the toilet, we can just do it here on the patio. Remember, if you can, hold on until you can't hold it back any longer. Your orgasm will be all the better." 
The girls were all still a bit nervous about it all. "I'm not being funny but I've never flashed my fanny around before to anybody," said Maisie. "Not even to another girl. I know we've all seen yours but I'm still a bit shy." So they all kept their panties on.
Within a few minutes the four girls had started with the knee trembles. Another drink each and a quarter of an hour later the foot tapping started. Margaret got up and started pee–pee dancing, and was soon holding her crotch. "Oooh I've never felt this full before. Oooh it hurts but it is nice too." Juliette smiled, and Margaret started panting. "Oooh, oooh, ooh, I am nearly doing bit. I am, I can't hold on much longer."
"When you have to let go, put your hand in the stream of piss and start to feel and rub your clitty, and then use the other hand to finger your vagina, " advised Juliette. "It will come naturally after that."
"OOoooh, OK" replied Margaret. "I thought being the, ooooh ohh ohhhh, oldest I'd hold it the longest." Juliette said that it didn't always work that way. 
After a few minutes a spot appeared on her panties. She panted and ooohed a bit and then started to pee properly. She put her finger onto her clitoris and started to gently rub it as she was still peeing her stream, and she pulled her panties aside and pushed a couple of fingers from her other hand into her vagina. In and out squelched her fingers, rub, rub, rub, around her clitty went her other hand's fingers, and still her piss gushed out. Finally her pissing stream subsided and she climaxed. She screamed out in intense pleasure and relief. 
"Woweee, never before have I cum feeling so, so good. I see why you do it, Juliette," she said. Maisie and Mandy sat goggle eyed. They had seldom seen their older sister touch herself before, and now they had seen her piss herself and bring herself off and have the most intense orgasm.
"I, oooh, gotta, aaah aah, go, ahhhh, soon, now," cried Mandy, and she started to pee. She was about half way through her wee before she remembered she was supposed to be fingering herself, so she quickly cupped her hand and with let it fill with pee, then rubbed it all round her fanny, causing her piss to go everywhere. She did not do it the same as her older sister had, but just fingered her clitoris. Despite starting her wanking late she came practically straight away and had the most intense orgasm of her life, and still she was pissing. Finally her piss subsided and she gasped with relief. "That was brilliant," she said, "I'm definitely going to be doing that again," and Margaret nodded. Juliette smiled knowingly.
Maisies's turn came next, and at the last minute, she changed her mind and whipped off her panties. She had gotten so excited at seeing both her sisters bringing themselves off that she started wanking herself before she started peeing. They all watched her as she pushed her fingers, first one, then two, then three together in and out of her fanny, and then she started rubbing her clit in a circular movement, and then her fingers went back into her fanny again. Then she panted and cried out and she started to cum and at the same time her piss stream gushed out. She felt she was pissing gallons and yet cumming at the same time. "Oooooh that was brilliant," she exclaimed, "I have never done one that good before."
Juliette by this time was full again. "OK" she said between small pee dances, "Would you like to help me with this one?" Being so aroused, and with most of their inhibitions gone, the girls agreed. 
"OK, I will lie on my back with my legs open and here, I will take off my blouse, skirt and panties." She stripped off and lay down. "I want one of you to massage my titties please? OK?" and Mandy moved to do that. "Margaret and Maisie, you can play with my pussy, one of you play with my clit, and the other can finger fuck me. I can take four fingers together, so don't be afraid of hurting me." Now get in place and wait and watch till I start to piss. Mandy you can carry on playing with my tits. I love having my tits played with at any time." 
After a few minutes the first few golden drops appeared around Juliette's pussy, and the three girls worked hard to bring her to orgasm. They made her to orgasm twice while she peed and again once more after. "That was brilliant, I am exhausted," she exclaimed, and the three of them embraced and kissed sensuously, and shared sopping wet hugs.
After a while Margaret went and released the bathroom door and came back and told the others that she'd freed off the lock, and they went and shared a warm shower together.
By: Gopher