Carly squirmed behind the counter as she handed her customer a bag, "Thanks for shopping with us," she said with forced cheer. The extra large coke she had during her break was back with a vengeance, her aching bladder screaming for relief. Normally she would have been able to get someone to cover her counter for a pee break, but it was the day before Christmas and they were short people because of a flu bug going around.
Just as she thought she'd make a break for the bathroom anyway, a woman came up to the purse counter she was working.
"I'm looking for a purse for my daughter but I'm not sure what she would like."
Carly groaned inwardly. This was going to be trouble. She didn't know how much longer she could keep her silk bikini panties dry, "How old is your daughter?"
"She's 19. She's not very picky, just doesn't like the color brown."
Carly began showing her purses she thought would be right. Bending down to get a purse from the bottom shelf, she felt a quick squirt blast the gusset of her panties. She gasped and looked down at her beige slacks, seeing a tiny wet spot in the crotch seam. The woman was looking at two purses next to each other and seemed to be stuck on a decision but heard the gasp, "Are you alright?"
"Yes, bending down just hurts my knees a little."
Carly couldn't tell a customer her bathroom problem; she'd be fired.
"I'll take this black one."
The woman handed over the purse as Carly lost another squirt into her panties. Stepping over to the register, Carly knew this was it. Fortunately no one could see behind the counter, so she put her body right next to it, and while she was ringing up the purse let loose in her panties. She felt the silk growing warm and wet as her piss exploded into them. The woman had no idea Carly was flooding her underwear, smiling as she took the bag with the purse in it and moved on. She just kept her crotch right next to the counter, bouncing up and down as she felt another hot jet of urine wash against the front of her panties. Carly waved for Tina, the girl working the vacant accessory counter to come over. She noticed that Tina didn't look well and was walking kind of funny.
"What's up?"
"Come behind the counter and you'll see."
Tina walked around and saw Carly's now transparent pants and gleaming wet silk panties, "Oh my God! You wet yourself!"
"You gotta cover for me so I can go upstairs and get some panties and pants!"
"You better get some for me too. I'm getting that flu bug and my stomach's been churning for the last hour. UGH!"
They both looked at each other, suddenly chuckling at their mutual messing, "Size five right? I'll be back. Claire upstairs is not gonna believe this!"
Carly snuck through the racks using them as cover until the escalator and quickly going upstairs for clean clothes.
Across the mall, Kendra was working her way through the sales racks at JC Penny when she felt her full bladder start to twitch. Making her way across the store, she hadn't realized how full she was until she saw the Out of Order sign on the bathrooms. Kendra knew she had precious minutes to find a bathroom before her panties were drenched. She made it as far as the lingerie department before the first tiny squirt leaked out. Suddenly she had an idea. She grabbed a package of Jockey for Her cotton panties and a couple of bras and went into a fitting room. Inside she stripped off her pants and Victoria's secret panties, replacing them with some white flowered jockeys. She had secretly dreamed of doing this.
With the door closed, Kendra released herself– piss erupting into her Jockeys. Her bright yellow stream started pouring from the crotch, soaking the carpet and leaving her in absolute ecstasy. It was ten minutes before she realized she was finished. Stripping the sopping wet panties off, she tossed them under the bench in the dressing room, taking the bras and other panties back out and quickly leaving the store. Later on a janitor would find a wonderful surprise when cleaning the dressing room.
In another part of the mall, Taylor was desperately bobbing up and down behind her checkout counter at Sears. Working the young girls' department today was killing her, a constant gaggle of teenagers keeping her from the bathroom. She didn't know how much longer her Victoria's Secret string bikinis would stay dry if she didn't get a break. She thought she felt a couple of drops leak out when three girls came to her register, one looking very nervous.
"Come on Mandy, I gotta go! Let's pay for this stuff and get out of here!" If only you knew, thought Taylor. She started ringing up the clothes the girls brought up, noticing the growing desperation of the girl that seemed to mirror her own.
"Do we need to go get some panties for you?" Mandy laughed.
"Oh, Oh, Oh I'm losing it!"
The girl started squirming badly, a small wet spot blossoming on the crotch of her khaki pants.
Taylor couldn't help but lose a sympathy squirt, watching it all. Her grey slacks wouldn't stay dry if she couldn't get rid of these girls soon, and the one girl pissing herself would be the last straw.
"Mandy come on, I'm losing it! OHHHHHH!"
Taylor watched as the wet spot started growing on her crotch. Her friends just laughed as she squatted down to keep her shoes dry. Her khaki pants were drenched, a gentle patter of piss hitting the floor echoing like a waterfall in Taylor's head. Another squirt found its way into her panties. The other two girls led their wet friend off to find some dry clothes, leaving a desperate Taylor squirming in her pants. She quickly called a janitor to clean the mess up and bolted for the bathroom.
Taylor found the bathroom empty as she sped into the nearest stall, another squirt of piss leaving a wet spot on her pants. Reaching for her zipper, she yelled when it stuck half way down. If her pants hadn't been so tight to show off her well–sculpted butt, she could have just yanked them off.
"Come on! Come on!"
Struggling with the zipper caused her to squirt again, for about two seconds. She knew the next wouldn't stop. She could feel it start down deep and any moment her bladder would explode into her panties. Suddenly the zipper gave way, just as the last stream started. Taylor didn't even bother with her panties, just getting her pants out of the way and plopping her panty clad butt down on the toilet.
Taylor looked down and watched her yellow stream pour from the crotch of her striped string bikinis. She felt her ass starting to get wet as the piss totally soaked her panties up to the waistband. As her flow started to slow, Taylor felt another warm sensation begin in her crotch. Her hand instinctively found its way to her crotch, the gentle rubbing motion through her hot wet panties quickly bringing her to orgasm.
Taylor quickly came back to reality, kicking her shoes and pants off and slipping her wet panties down her legs. She wrapped them up in toilet paper, not wanting to lose one of her favorite pairs of panties. Using more paper, she dried herself off and slipped her clothes back on, a little use of the hand dryer drying the wet spot on her pants. Then she went back to her area, the rubbing of her pants on her bare crotch keeping her excited the rest of the day.
Out in the mall, Terri was frantic. The lines for all the bathrooms were a mile long, and she had to piss like a racehorse. And she had picked today to wear her white Capri pants. Any leaks would tip off everyone that a grown woman was pissing herself. She knew drastic action would have to be taken if she didn't find a bathroom in the next five minutes. Even now she had to stop and discreetly hold herself and bob up and down to keep her throbbing bladder from releasing into her pants. Terri could just imagine what she must look like to men walking by; her tight round ass wiggling desperately inside her white pants and white seamless panties.
Seeing one of the cheaper clothing stores in the mall gave her an idea. She tried to walk as casually as possible, glancing at the racks and looking more interested in the clothes than relieving her bladder. She saw a couple of skirts that fit her and walked back to one of the dressing rooms secluded at the back of the store. Inside Terri quickly started unbuttoning her pants as a quick squirt of piss shot into her panties. Her button fly Capris betrayed her for a moment, the last button giving her trouble, enough to send another, longer squirt of piss into the crotch of her panties. Terri's hand were frantic trying to get the last button undone, her control slipping, constant slow drips of urine starting to leak into her panties. She felt the tingling sensation of an impending flood in her lower body, the last button finally giving way as the floodgates opened.
Terri got her pants out of the way as her flow started, keeping her panties up to mask the sound of her pissing in the dressing room. The carpeted floors also help conceal the noise. She sighed in relief as her bladder was relieved of its enormous amount of liquid. The yellow stream cascading form her panties soaked into the carpet, Terri watching with pleasure as her panties were turning yellow from her urine.
As she finished, Terri slipped her soaked panties off and put them in a plastic bag she always kept in her purse. Then she put her pants back on, paid for one of the skirts she grabbed and left he store. Terri figured since she pissed in their dressing room she should buy something.
Walking into the mall, the bustling Christmas shoppers moving around her, Terri noticed a teenage girl standing next to a planter lift her skirt up and start pissing through her purple bikini panties. Her friends, looking just as desperate, quickly followed suit.
"Hope the mall puts more bathrooms in by next year," Terri thought.
By: Goldensurfer