In my school days, when I was young I can remember an amazing desperation accident by one of my schoolteachers. I will not mention the school and I will call her Ms. Shirley C_ to keep her name secret. Ms. C_ was in her mid twenties when this event happened and looking back at old class photos now, she was extremely attractive.
Ms. C_ always wore nice flowing knee high hemmed skirts and when we were all sitting on the classroom mat she would squat down in front of us to talk.
This would always get the attention of all the boys, myself included, because Ms. C_ would sometimes forget to tuck her skirt behind her knees and we would get a free peepshow of her underwear. After that we were left talking about what colors she wore and probably gave us all something to think really hard about that night.
I always wondered and imagined what would it be like if Mrs. C_ had, what we would now call, a desperation accident in front of us.
The day of that "fantasized" accident came, totally unexpected and unplanned. Ms. C_ greeted us at the start of the day and we sang the national anthem. It was then that I noticed Ms. C_ looking rather uncomfortable with herself. Still we carried on with the lesson plan and soon we had gathered on the class mat. For the boys it was panty inspection time and hoping Ms. C_ wouldn't disappoint.
And she didn't, wearing a nice light floral skirt and yes, to our delight, sky blue panties.
Enjoying our moment of glory, a few others and I noticed that Ms. C_ was holding her hand over her stomach in what I would call now, mild discomfort. As we always looked forward to our peepshow we tried to get Ms. C_ to stay down longer but this time it would result in a spectacular display.
It was my friend that first saw the inevitable water patch darkening her panty gusset at the rear of what I now believe was her sanitary pad. Whether or not she was trying to pee for a little relief from the discomfort she was in, I'm not sure but as anyone who is desperate to go would know, once you start, it hurts to stop.
And that was Ms. C_'s predicament. When I looked again the wet patch started dripping and we all watched, as it became a torrent in barely a second. Around me everyone started to laugh and the shock of what to do suddenly appeared on Ms. C_'s face as she watched twenty boys staring back at her.
All I could do was watch, totally transfixed on her gusset as she poured out her golden stream of warm pee, watching it cascade along her arse creases and down onto the carpet. Her face was red with pain and embarrassment as she crouched there unable to move let alone stop.
By now Ms. C_ had nearly emptied herself but she still remained in the squat position holding her stomach. She was in pain and she broke wind.
This made us laugh even louder and that's when help arrived in the form of the teacher next door who had had enough of our raucous laughter. I remember yelling to him that Ms. C_ was not feeling good. My friend then stated the obvious that she'd peed on the floor.
That didn't seem to matter to Mr. W_, gathered up Ms. C_ and at the same time told us to return to our desks in no short manner. He told us to be quiet as he helped Ms. C_ out the door, no doubt to the staff toilets. Another teacher came in and saw the puddle, she promptly told us to go to the library, which we did.
In the afternoon we were allowed back to class and the mess was gone although they where still drying out the mildly smelling wet spot.
It was an awkward moment when Ms. C_ returned and we listened to her as she apologized to us about what happened that morning. It didn't really matter because the word was out and I, along with everyone else present that morning, had something to tell our folks, mainly our fathers, when they asked what we did at school today.
Only recently, at a School reunion did I met up with Ms. C_, who still looked absolutely beautiful for someone who was now in her 40's. Being of older mind myself, I soon reminded her of that day. She said that she gets reminded of the incident every time she sees one of her pupils from that day. I told her that she had nothing to be ashamed of. Ms. C_ replied saying she was very ashamed that day but because she gave so much pleasure to us, she didn't dwell on it for long.
I told her even to this day I couldn't look at a pair of Sky Blue panties (or any briefs of that color I've owned) and not think about what happened that day along time ago. She said that she still had the aforementioned panties in her closet. I thanked her for telling me that and we both laughed.
By: Lexjc