Game, Set, and Wet (patt 1)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental and Deliberate Wetting, Foreplay and Humiliation.
By Gillian

Note: This story takes place in the unknown future, in an unknown place, with characters yet unknown. No resemblance to any living characters is intended or implied.

Kristine had two fingers pressing on the track's hard surface, her other arm cocked at her left side. Her Nike track shoes were pressed against the starting blocks, white socks barely showing above the edge of the shoe line, her calve muscles taut, her perfectly shaped, sleek yet athletic thighs tensed as she awaited the starting gunshot. A slight sheen of perspiration shone on her legs and arms. A single drop of perspiration fell from her nose, falling to the tracks surface, a small dark circle where it fell. Crouched in starting stance, her face stared down the straightaway of the track, her butt sticking up in the air, her short green nylon running shorts barely covering her Hanes her-way bikini panties underneath, the thin fabric slightly transparent as the shorts were somewhat worn from use.

The panty line of her underwear was clearly visible through the clingy micro thin fabric, and the edges of her shorts curled slightly up and away from her tanned skin. A slight hint of her white panties could be seen as she waited in this position; her shorts slightly out of place, exposing a tiny slice of underwear. The tufts of her young, taut rear could be seen from behind. She reached up for a moment to adjust the side of her shorts, tugging at the slightly curled edge on her left thigh, but it had the opposite effect and a little more of her panties could be seen as they escaped the slightly too short running shorts. Her light blue cotton tank top had her number stapled to it, and the number fluttered in the breeze from the light wind.

She had worn no bra today, she hated the things, and someone looking across the track under her armpits could see her small but perfectly shaped 34A breasts, her nipples rather visible as the tank top hung too loosely, exposing the teenager to whomever might be looking. Her mother in the stands noticed in horror- shocked that her own precious 18 year old daughter was exposed, her breast and nipple showing to the world if they looked and were seated in the right section in the stands. Kristine felt the light breeze as it blew into her tank top; her nipples grew erect, firm like buds, taut like the rest of the runner's body. 

Kristine's shoulder length brown hair was pulled back in a simple ponytail, tied with two small rubber bands. She waited, tensed. She reached up with her left hand and brushed away the tears from her eyes. Sniffling, she tried to concentrate, waiting for the starting gun. She had drunk two quarts of water that morning before the track meet and her bladder was dying, demanding relief. Finding the bathrooms busy when she changed, she had no choice but to hold her pee and head to the track.

She hadn't ever had to use the bathroom this badly in her teenage life, and her coach had denied her a bathroom break just a few minutes ago, telling her she'd have to hold it until after she ran the race. There was no way she could make the long walk back to the locker room where the bathrooms were and not miss the start, so he refused her request. Not using the bathroom all morning was murder on her bladder; it pulsed in agony as she crouched.

"Come ON, come ON," she thought as her bladder screamed inside of her tensed body. She needed to pee so badly she almost started spraying pee onto the track as she crouched, the position was uncomfortable, her bladder was being tortured, she needed to go pee and could barely hold it within her. She breathed deeply, awaiting the gun, trying at the same time not to start urinating into her clothes in front of everyone. She tried not to think about the crowd of people at the state meet. It was her senior year and her family and friends were all there. Even her grandparents from across the country had flown in.

Her bladder screamed violently again, and she tensed hard, squeezing together, trying to contain her completely desperate bladder. Every second, it was getting harder, she didn't know how much longer before she'd involuntarily have an accident in her running shorts. The starter raised his pistol, and a split second before the gun went off, the girl at the starting position two over from her right committed a false start. "Shit," the girl next to her said as she stood up.

All the girls stood up. A false start was called. Kristine stood up and looked. The sunny blue-sky overhead was gorgeous, white puffy clouds forming a picture postcard view today. The stands of the high school track were full. She grimaced from the pain. Standing up having to pee this badly was so much worse. She started to pace, trying to hold her pee within her. She looked over at her coach, and looked off across the field at the field house where the locker rooms and bathrooms were, wishing she could just go off and pee. Her body pulsated violently and her bladder spasmed inside of her.

She clenched her legs together in a panic, her body demanding immediate relief. She felt her pee pressure increase to the very edge of her urethra, on the edge of escaping from her taut pee hole, and she tried to hold it back. Her breathing grew rapid, and she stood there waiting for the reset, unable to stand still. She tried to calm herself down, and told herself to stand still and relax. She breathed deep, trying to put aside the stinging constant pressure of her overstretched bladder, and stood still for a few seconds.

Immediately she felt her pee hole relax and she felt a slight slip as a very tiny spurt of pee escaped into her panties. The droplets of pee that escaped her screaming body formed a small wet spot in her panties, the cotton fabric absorbing the hot pee. A small stain appeared in the crotch of her shorts, the thin fabric dampening for about an inch from her little leak. She clenched her legs together and grimaced, the pain was so intense; her bladder was forcing the issue. Looking up at her coach, a pleading look on her face, she looked like a lost puppy, her face showing how ashamed she was of her agony, knowing she was not going to be able to control herself. She half bent over when the next pulsating torturing wave of pressure overcame her, and she tried to stand up.

The reset was called, and she walked slowly over to the starting blocks. Looking up, she gasped as the most intense pee pressure spasm overtook her body. She screamed silently, her knees shaking in pain and desperation as her bladder unrelentingly tortured her body. Trying to stand straight to take a deep breath before assuming the starting position, tears welled in her eyes.

The pressure was intense. Another small leak, a small dribble of pee, further expanding the wet spot in her panties, the damp spot in her shorts, darker than the rest of the fabric, grew as she peed into it slowly. She could barely hold on. Each second or two, another droplet escaped, testing her will, making her clench even harder, but to no avail. With a few seconds the wet spot was nearly six inches in diameter, her panties getting slowly wet as she could barely contain her pee. She tried to breathe deeply to catch her breath, but couldn't.

She was in a panic from the immense pressure and stinging pain. Her bladder screamed again, pulsating hard inside of her, its walls stretched beyond their limit, and unable to control the immense ocean inside of her any longer, Kristine started to involuntarily pee into her running shorts. The ensuing small stream embarrassed her. She felt her urethra leak and the warm pee start to dampen her panties; she wasn't fully hissing yet, more of a slow pee, one she couldn't hold in. She tried one last valiant effort to quench the leak, to tense her muscles as hard as she could, but to no avail. Another slow leak escaped, her body burning, needing to go to the bathroom SO badly. Then it happened, she couldn't control herself.

The first stream started slow, but she felt the stream slowly dampen her panties and the crotch of her shorts even more. A very obvious wet spot was now spreading in the micro thin green fabric of her shorts, the wetness glistening in the sunlight as pee escaped her tortured, distended bladder. Her control weakening, she froze in panic, the other girls already in their stance. She started to cry, and although she tried to clench her muscles shut, they wouldn't. A stronger pee stream started to flow, her body weakening. Trickles of pee dotted her legs and then trickled down her legs, as her thin shorts couldn't hold the pee.

Her panties were warm as she started to wet herself, the clinging cotton/lycra fabric clinging to her engorged girlhood as she lost all bladder control. Within the next three seconds, the pee stream gained rapidly in strength and she started to totally wet herself in her running shorts. Unable to even slow down the flow, she panicked and screamed. She could not slow it down- she had no more control. Her dam burst, the pressure and pain too much.

Pee started jetting violently out of her tortured pee hole and flooded her shorts and panties. What had begun as a slow trickle of pee running down her left thigh quickly became a torrential waterfall of hot sizzling urine as she lost all control. She screamed again, louder this time, in total anguish, and everyone looked. Pee flooded the poor girls crotch, her legs were quickly shiny wet as stream after stream of pee gushed down her tanned skin, she was obviously completely peeing in her pants at 18 years old, and there was nothing she could do about it. Tears welled in her eyes as she cried harder.

She continued to pee violently, urine hissing out her young body. The coaches, the other runners, the officials all watched as Kristine stood there, sobbing uncontrollably, gasping for air, she was crying so hard. There she stood, peeing into her clothes, pee still hissing and sizzling down her toned and tanned thighs, her crotch completely wet, her panties soaked, her socks and Nikes saturated with her own pee, and a huge puddle between her feet, pee splashing noisily out of the mortified teenager onto the ground.

As she started to feel near empty, she moved slightly and her pee jetted out of the gap between her running shorts and her thighs and splashed over the starting blocks, the blocks now glistening with her hot pee. The other runners looked over in shock and started giggling, watching this gorgeous teenager have a huge pee accident right in front of them. A day after her 18th birthday, Kristine, the best track athlete her school had ever had was standing there in complete humiliation, having totally peed into her running shorts in front of the entire stadium (which now was in shock, having watched their girl's track star wet herself). Tears streamed down her face as she left the starting area in shame, and she forfeited the race. She quit track the next day.

One and a half years later:

Outside, the sun shone down through the open roof of the newly constructed tennis stadium. The day: perfect, not very hot, low humidity, clear skies, no rain in the forecast. A light breeze blew in from the west as the crowds casually strolled into their seats; play wasn't scheduled to start for another thirty minutes. Inside, the din of air conditioning and ventilation hummed softly through the halls, the commotion outside isolated by the concrete walls as well as the noises of machinery. Along the main corridor a small group of officials, dressed in tan slacks and white dress shirts, and a pair of security guards waited patiently. Two sets of news cameramen stood with their assistants, their heavy video cameras growing weary on their shoulders.

A smaller dark haired woman, 30 years old and very attractive held a black two-way radio in her left hand. She wore a gray blouse with a nametag that said "Elise Smith: Tournament Director" pinned on it along with tight navy blue slacks and she checked her watch. Twenty-eight minutes to go. Further down the hallway, inside the temporary women's locker room that had been set up, two teenagers sat on the polished wooden benches, each on one side of the room, about as far away from each other as the rooms geometry could manage.

The building was almost complete, but problems during construction delayed the project and the main locker rooms for the players were not yet finished. Contractual obligations to the networks and the tournament sponsors meant, however, that the matches would go on regardless of the delays.

Inside the makeshift locker room, the two girls were looking down, concentrating, breathing, and meditating on their upcoming match. Against all odds and a very tough draw, both girls were in the finals of a newly created and heavily promoted major championship, both for the first time in their young careers. The blonde, an up and comer from the junior ranks with her tall physique (she stood 5'11) and looping powerful ground-strokes was the more experienced of the two. She was seeded 5th, but had gotten lucky by beating the current #2 player in the world in a long and hard fought 3 set match in the semis.

Many thought the blonde was the next up and coming player, destined soon to be #1, they said. As she sat and stared at the tile on the floor, she looked across at her opponent, a shorter but very attractive brown haired girl who had just joined the tour last year, and then looked back down at her bag, wondering who this girl really is, she hadn't seen much of her. The blonde stretched, and then looking around, she found what she had dropped earlier: amongst her brace of Yonex rackets lay a white band, which she picked up and put through her long blonde hair, creating a single sloppy long ponytail that flopped around midway down her long elegant back.

She crouched down and looked for a bottle of water in her bag, then took out the two empty ones she had drank earlier. Twisting the lid, she opened the water and took a sip, then she stood up and paced, loosening up her leg muscles, anxious to go out and start. On the other bench, Kristine sat silent, meditating. Around her feet a few bottles of water lay empty, circling her tennis bag. She breathed silently and deeply, her focus not on the locker room, not on the slight smell of disinfectant nor on the distinctive smell of the new building.

Coming out of her meditation, she looked up, breathed strongly, and then she retied her tennis shoes, her only "lucky habit" as her coach said. She looked around at the cramped room and then looked at the blonde girl, who was pacing around, silent, sipping her water as she walked. "She looks pretty confident," Kristine thought to herself silently as she rose from the bench. Her patted down the smooth white fabric of her short tennis skirt and then reached under her skirt and adjusted her tennis panties. Her clothing was a new design, a prototype actually, that she was wearing for her clothing sponsors, a company specializing in sexier yet functional designs for the more attractive younger tennis players.

The company had already caused somewhat of an uproar at Wimbledon that year when a young teen player from Finland, who was the companies only other player on their athlete roster, got a reprimand from the conservative press for the fact that her tennis skirt was so much shorter than anyone else's on tour. It became the marketing event the company was hoping for: the sexier new line of their tennis clothing that showed far more body than the competitor's more outdated look of the other makers. Kristine, being both new on the circuit and easily one of the most incredible looking teens with her track star sculpted thighs and a gorgeous face, was the perfect candidate for showcasing their new clothing line.

The executives who were present that day when they photographed her for their catalog all thought they might have secretly discovered the next rising tennis star. While many of them had hoped to be able to sign Felicia, the up and coming teen from Finland (Kristine's opponent for the day), they weren't able to, and more than one coach had suggested that the relatively inexperienced Kristine was quite possibly the better player. Obviously they were pretty happy when their protege was appearing in the finals against the girl from Finland in the newly created major tournament.

Kristine looked at her outfit, and wondered how it would do in tournament conditions. She wasn't as concerned with the fact that her skirt was short, at 18," or that her tennis panties were bikini cut- a first for tennis panties, but she was worried about the construction of the fabric. A much thinner blend of a patented lycra like fabric, with some nylon and a little cotton, it felt incredible, smooth and contouring, but she wondered if the material would hold up after repeated use, it just seemed a little lightweight to handle repeated use. Her sports bra was made from a double thickness of the same fabric as her underwear, also white.

She stood up; stretching, and the airflow from the air conditioning vent flowed across her bare, tanned, and taut arms, chilling her. Her abs rippled and taut, her tanned six pack obvious even in the interior lights. Her nipples grew erect in her white sports bra, protruding through the fabric easily. Thin but promising to wick away moisture, the sports bra was the debate amongst the girls; some swore by it for the comfort, others hated it since the material was thinner and it would tend to show a bit more nipple than some of the girls wanted. One thing that was also known: when the sports bra got wet, nipples were definitely seen.

The company was busy making a modification to the fabric design, but Kristine hadn't yet gotten the new fabric yet. Luckily no rain was in the forecast today. As for the bra's popularity, mostly the smaller busted girls wore it, which certainly fit Kristine's dimensions, since she was only a 34A cup. She smiled, thinking about the uproar over the clothing line earlier in the year, but she really didn't care. Already before her first major tournament victory earlier in the year, one of the men's magazines had proclaimed her as the hottest "new" tennis player, second only to the blonde who she was playing this afternoon.

A few fan websites had already sprung up, with pictures of her competing in the juniors a few years ago, and the usual fuzzy snapshots of candid pictures taken when she was out in public. Luckily her popularity wasn't so much that she couldn't function, and inside, being a shy girl, she really didn't know how to react; she certainly wasn't the sexually experienced teenager many a boy had dreamed she was. But she didn't mind the occasional attention. For the most part, she knew, it was her opponent, tall and with incredible legs that most of the photographers and news media hounded. Kristine was somewhat of an unknown, having come onto the tour late after she had quit track a year and a half ago to pursue her second sport during high school, tennis.

Reaching down to her bag, she pulled out a small band and tied her long brown hair back behind her head. She looked at the other girl again. "Well, I guess this is it," she thought, "time to see what you're made of, Felicia," referring to the blonde silently as she continued to talk herself through the game plan she had devised. She thought back to the conversation with her coach the previous night:

"Kris, you've got to understand that Felicia is the real deal. She's tall, she hits hard as hell, she's pretty fast, she's good looking with those killer long legs and that helps get some calls her way, and if she gets to the net, she's really tough to pass. But she's got a weakness or two. She gets sloppy sometimes, and she tends to fold when things don't go her way. Keep the pressure on and don't give up on anything. If she thinks you're going to fold under the barrage of shots she puts out, she'll beat you clean.

Remember that she'll come out trying to knock you out, so be careful, there's nothing I can teach you that will prepare you for her first few shots - she wins a lot of games by punishing her opponents during the first game and then watching them self destruct from there on. But I promise you, if you move like you can, place your shots like you've been doing this past year, and keep with your game plan, she'll get frustrated and you'll win this match. It's your time to shine, your time to win. Besides, remember, you just kicked the shit out of the #3 girl in the world in the semis, by following this same plan. Stay focused, and keep moving, always keep moving."

A knock on the door came from Elise, the dark haired tournament director. "Ladies, we're ready now. So let's go." The girls looked up at Elise. The woman was very attractive, long dark hair and big brown eyes, with a decent chest and what seemed to be nicely toned legs, though it was hard to tell in a business uniform. The girls rose. Felicia walked out in front, her blue lycra tights covering her long legs tightly, her perfect ass showing a hint of panty line, and her blue sports bra really making her look sexy. Her flat, toned abs shone in the afternoon sun.

Foregoing her skirt because of the moderate weather, Felicia had just worn the tight lycra/nylon tights as she often did, knowing it made her look more imposing. An aspiring model from Finland, she had recently hit a stretch of good playing and had been winning more and more of her games. The photographers went crazy when Felicia arrived; her body was among the best, many a movie star, musician, and everyday male dreamed of her. As she walked out, Kristine analyzed her once again, but not about her killer looks.

She knew Felicia had a killer serve, one of the fastest at nearly 130mph, and thus hardest on the women's tour. She knew a lot of the other players hated her, but it was probably because of her looks more than anything else. No, that wasn't it. Her attitude, a little bit of a society girl, Kristine thought, that was it. The two girls were as different as night and day. Felicia was outgoing and flirty and her mouth often got her into trouble. Her height and her extreme sexiness commanded attention. Kristine was much shyer, almost meek, but equally good-looking, perhaps more so.

Her 5' 6" body was tanned and taut. Stories abounded on the woman's tour about her workout regimen and the level of fitness she had attained, and her body was perfectly proportioned with the exception of her slightly small but still rounded and perky breasts. Her thighs were considered "perfect" by one of the latest writers of a men's magazine on an article about "the best legs in sports," and her gorgeous brown hair shone in the light, framing the perfect face.

She had deep brown eyes that would melt anyone who stood in front of her, her perfect complexion making almost all the other girls jealous on the tour that had heard of her. And that's what it was, some had just heard of her. Spending the past year at a famous ex-pros boot camp style tennis camp, she had moved from a skilled junior player to, at age 19, one with a skill set so strong a few tennis writers predicted she might be #1 very soon.

Sunlight hit the two girls as they entered the court. The crowds had filled the stadium, and cat calls and cheers emanated from the rafters. Photographers clicked like crazy, their motorized cameras recording every step, every gesture. The attention was about evenly split between the two girls; Felicia was more well known, but the stunning physical beauty of the shy 19 year old was also alluring, her shorter than usual tennis skirt showing off her toned legs, her taut and toned upper body glistening with a fine layer of nervous perspiration. Nobody seemed to know much about Kristine either, and that ultimately played to her advantage; the unknown beauty, as some called her.

The two girls moved over to their chairs on respective sides of the umpire. Two technicians were busy adjusting a broken grommet on the net; something had happened that nobody had caught earlier. The chair umpire noted this in her log and sat on her chair. A retired player herself, now 28 years old, she had retired from the tour due to injury, she didn't have much patience for delays, and as she sat there, she glared at the workers, wondering whose fault this was that the net hadn't even been inspected the night before. So there would be a slight delay.

Felicia stretched out in her chair, her long legs encased in her blue tights, her breasts poking through the tight sports bra. She smiled. Photographers clicked, with more than one of them zooming in on her perky nipples. Kristine sat there, partially open legged on the chair as she finished another bottle of water, not realizing at least four photographers had turned her way. Her first match not already even started, and already some web site was going to have the typical legs spread in tennis skirt picture, her white panties clinging to her tightly between her lovely, supremely toned legs. If Kristine had been more aware of things, she might have noticed that the new type of tennis panty she was wearing was incredibly defining and the shape of her pubic mound and vulva were clearly visible through the thin stretched fabric.

The photographers quickly noticed, and zoomed in with their big lenses. Kristine's thoughts, however, weren't on her sexiness or her clothing, they were on her match as she looked over at Felicia, and wondered how the game would go. The sun was still kind of high, which might be a problem for both of their serves. Ultimately she knew it would come down to quickness and keeping the pressure on. As Kristine waited, she daydreamed back to last year. She vividly remembered her first day at the tennis camp. That was the day some eagle eyed onlookers realized that there might be a new star on the horizon in women's tennis.

"Okay, Girls," he barked. "Time to get busy. I don't run this tennis camp for you to ENJOY your time here, I run this camp to MAKE you a better player. And it's gonna HURT, and you're gonna CRY, and you're going to wish you could GO HOME TO YOUR MOMMY." He continued bellowing. "In fact, you're gonna FORGET your BOYFRIEND and you'll be DREAMING of easier times when I'm working with you. Make NO mistake about it. LIFE GETS HARD, and NOW!" Kristine looked over at him; he was definitely serious, all right.

She'd heard about him, he was the best, supposedly- tough, but the best. We'll see, she thought. "OKAY, girls, some RULES. FIRST, you do WHAT I tell you WHEN I tell you and you DON'T question me ever. SECOND, I am absolutely GOING to hurt you, make NO mistake about it, my job is to TOUGHEN you up and get you fit. You aren't going to become professional tennis players by listening to your MP3 player and reading Cosmopolitan magazine, you know!! THIRD, you don't take a break until I say it's break time.

Tennis is about discipline. You'll get breaks, but not until I say so. If you have to go pee, learn to hold it. If you have to go puke, go puke in the grass. If you're thirsty, grab water, but other than that, you DON'T STOP UNTIL I TELL YOU TO, CLEAR??!!!" He was screaming now, his voice loud. A small slightly stocky legged girl named Andrea with muscular thighs cringed as she realized she needed to use the bathroom and it didn't look like she'd get the chance to do so very soon. "OKAY, TIME TO SEE WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF. Fitness drills start NOW. Time to SEE who's gonna puke TODAY! Ok, FIRST up. Okay, what's your name dear?" "Kristine," she replied meekly. "Kristine, oh yea, you're the one who used to be the hot shot in track or something, right?" "I guess," she replied shyly.

Dressed in just a blue tank top and a pair of royal blue nylon running shorts that were so thin they clung to every curve of her perfectly shaped ass, covering a pair of tight white bikini panties, she stood there, ready to do as asked. The man glanced up and down her body, analyzing it, as a bulge grew in his pants. He liked the fact that she wore such tight thin shorts; he was enjoying this girl's body. All the more to really torture her and see how tough she was. "Well, you ARE first. Let's see how you do. Girls, get ready, she's probably gonna pass out and puke, because I don't make it easy on day number one."

"Are you ready to PUKE your GUTS out Kristine? Do YOU have what it TAKES, Kristine? Are you ready to feel the true meaning of WORK and PAIN, Kristine?" The man was insane, crazy, yelling at the top of his lungs, the girls thought. The line of girls stretched along the edge of the track they were near, the girls dressed in workout attire, most in workout or running shorts, a few in tennis skirts. A few girls almost started crying when the coach started screaming. Most couldn't handle the pressure of his tennis camp, but those who could, often improved. "OK, Kristine," he yelled.

Kristine looked ready. A child of an Olympic sprinter and a competitive gymnast, she was blessed with aerobic and anaerobic endurance uncommon for her gender or her age. She had won every race she ever entered in high school, and only took up tennis in high school as a second sport next to track because she loved it. After that humiliating day where she wet herself in front of the stadium at the track meet during her senior year in school, she switched totally to tennis, hoping to escape the incredible embarrassment of that horrendous pee accident she tried so hard to forget.

"OK, Kristine, let's see what you're made of. First up, I want ten 200-meter sprints. Fast, with 30 seconds of rest in between, and then you do another. It's gonna hurt and you ain't gonna quit unless you're puking on the ground, I don't care. And even if you are PUKING I still want your ass RUNNING, -DO- -YOU- -UNDERSTAND- -ME- MISS?" he screamed. "Yes, SIR," she replied sharply, taking her place at the edge of the track. "On your mark, get set, GO," he commanded, a smirk on his face. He had to see what this hotshot teenage track star really was made of.

What happened next would go down in the folklore of the camp. Kristine dashed off, sprinting full out one hundred meters out, then one hundred meters back. After ten sprints, she decided to show everyone a little extra. Without even a pause, she did ten more, finishing with a set of 20 x 200 meter springs, doubling what she was told to do. After she got finished, she was breathing heavily, but walked calmly over to the instructor and asked him if that was okay. The only discomfort she felt was a filling bladder from drinking too much water that day, she knew she'd need to go pee soon. The instructor looked at her in amazement and shook his head in disbelief. This one was in shape, he thought, really in shape.

"OK, not BAD, not bad at all. Whose next?" he barked. The other girls looked on in amazement; unable to comprehend how this young brunette had just aced the very tough endurance test they were about to perform. The next girl came up, a 5'8" black haired teenager who ran the first few runs full out, and promptly threw up after the seventh full out sprint, and then collapsed on the ground, dry heaving into the grass after her eighth.

The next four girls finished the series, but looked like they were going to have stomach problems for weeks judging from their faces when they finished. The last girl went out and made it to nine sprints before collapsing; throwing up into the grass by the side of the track, looking horrified at the way her first day of camp had gone. Two things were pretty obvious now: this was going to be hardcore training and also, this Kristine girl was something else fitness wise.

The repair on the net was complete, and the chair umpire motioned to the two girls. Felicia bounded up, her long legs galloping as she strode to the near baseline. Kristine finished the bottle of water she was drinking, grabbed one of the new Volkl rackets she had been trying out lately and headed to the far baseline. Both girls started serving. Kristine quickly noticed Felicia's massive, booming serve, thanks to the blonde girl's 5'11" height. Kristine's more efficient and compact stroke, however, allowed her to generate almost as much power. Many an opponent had marveled at how hard Kristine's serves were even though she was not a tall girl. What many didn't realize until it was too late was her placement was excellent too. As Kristine stood there, serving, her mind briefly played back her first serving clinic with the instructor last year at the camp.

"What you need to understand, Kristine, is that your height IS going to be a disadvantage compared to the taller girls when it comes to serving. I'll train you how to hit the ball efficiently, and that will get you a pretty solid serve, but you're not going to be winning serving speed contests. So we're going to work on placement. My goal is simple. You're going to have the BEST PLACED serves of any girl in this camp." Kristine remembered wondering what was going on when he laid out six tennis balls at strategic spots in the service court. Kristine remembered standing there, serving until her arms were sore, and needing to go pee by the end of it so badly that she almost wet her clingy nylon shorts as she rushed to the bathroom in desperation when he finally gave her a break.

When she got into the bathroom, she quickly pulled down her shorts and panties and urinated for almost a minute and a half, her pee thrashing violently out of her pee hole as she relieved the horrible pressure within her. She had come far too close to having a pee accident during practice and it frightened her, bringing back memories of that day on the track, pee trickling down her legs in front of all of her family and friends. She worried that she might ever have a pee accident here in camp. But the end result was that Kristine's serve, while not the fastest, rapidly became a weapon as her placement soon became deadly.

The two traded ground strokes and Felicia thought that Kristine wasn't all that. She had heard from a friend of hers who had been badly beaten by Kristine in the early rounds that Kristine was insanely fast, but Felicia didn't see it. Kristine would lazily run over to a ball, kind of half running, not expending much energy. Felicia, ever the proud one, figured this match would be a piece of cake and she'd win easily in straight sets. Kristine, on the far side, was analyzing Felicia's game now. She had timed the manner in which Felicia stroked and had begun to figure out the ways she could disrupt the taller girl's rhythm.

With an IQ of 141 and a 4.0 average in high school, Kristine was easily one of the smarter players in the game. Maybe her lack of social life, even with all her innate beauty, had helped that. If she wasn't practicing, she was working out, and if she wasn't working out, she was studying. And study other players she did. Within minutes the practice session was over and Kristine had already collected vital information that she would mentally add to her game plan that afternoon. As the two finished their warm up, Kristine kept playing slowly, not giving her opponent any clues as to her style.

It was time to start; Felicia won the toss and elected to serve. Kristine headed over to the baseline and thought briefly that she wished she could have used the bathroom before starting. She brushed her short tennis skirt out of habit, crouched slightly, and got ready. She noticed that her bladder was filling rapidly from the water she had drunk before the match. The nervous energy of her first major tournament final added to her need to urinate. Before the first point was even played, Kristine had to go to the bathroom.

Standing in the deuce court, Kristine rocked back and forth. History had shown that Felicia tended to want to pull an ace on you within the first few serves to try and intimidate you. Kristine thought of her strategy. Felicia served, and at 122 mph her booming serve rapidly crossed the net, landing right in the corner of Kristine's backhand. Kristine rushed over, but muffed the shot, the serve skittering off the rim of her racket. Felicia smiled. "15-love," the umpire called. A ball girl tossed a ball to Felicia. Ad court. Kristine analyzed the last shot and saw her error- she had timed it wrong.

Felicia smiled, and tried the same serve, this time aiming for the forehand side, right in the corner. She hit it, and the radar gun clocked it at 118mph, blasting in. Within a fraction of a second, Kristine bounded right and with a compact sharp forehand rocketed the serve back, landing the return within the last square foot of the court, deep in the backcourt on Felicia's backhand side. Felicia didn't have a chance- she wasn't even close. She looked over at Kristine, thinking 'lucky shot' to herself. "15-All," was called.

Back to the deuce side, Kristine noticed her bladder a bit more- the day's water seemed to be having more of an effect than usual. "Must be the nerves," she thought. Now she really did wish she had stopped for a pee break before heading out on the court. She concentrated on the game, ignoring her bladder's demands. Felicia's serve, another rocketing one, this time to Kristine's forehand side, came screaming across the net. Once again Kristine leapt to the right and pounded the return, this time aiming the serve directly at Felicia's body. Felicia managed to jump away and put up a defensive lob, and Kristine rushed forward and pounded the ball, but unfortunately it went long. "30-15" was called. Kristine looked up, disgusted.

She had opened the face of her racket just slightly and she knew it. Felicia served, straight into Kristine's body. Kristine jumped quickly and with a single handed backhand, a rarity amongst the women, returned with a precise drop shot that barely cleared the net. Felicia almost made it but overran it, and missed. "30-all." The next two serves were all it took. Each time Felicia tried to power the serves in, hitting the first one at 115mph, but Kristine's quickness prevailed, and she returned both serves for winners that were never even touched by the taller, slower player.

Felicia stood there astounded. Kristine had returned her last serve, at 112 mph, with a flat backhand right to Felicia's far corner; no way the taller girl could reach it. Suddenly, up one service break, Kristine had a 1-0 lead, and as they headed to the opposing side to change sides, they sat down for their quick break as the TV stations went to commercial. Kristine grabbed a bottle of water, and not thinking of her filling bladder, gulped half of it down. 

Felicia sat there and looked over, amazed that this relative newcomer had just cleanly broken her serve, and without much effort at that. "Hmm," Felicia thought to herself silently, "I bet she's one of those return specialists. I'll just eat her serve up and we'll see how she likes being broken. She's not that tall, I bet her serve sucks." The break over, the two girls got up, and Kristine reached up to serve, taking a pair of balls from the ball girl. Reaching up, she stuffed her first serve into the net. Trying again, she double faulted. "Crap," Kristine yelled at herself. Felicia smiled inside, thinking she was right, this girls serve wasn't all that.

Kristine paused, and looking up, she adjusted her release point mentally, and then nailed the next serve, a hard line drive directly at Felicia. Felicia had barely begun to return it when Kristine was already at the net, pounding a forehand volley for a winner. Felicia swore, unable to comprehend the girls astounding agility on the court. Her friend was obviously right- this girl was FAST. Quite fast, Felicia thought. "How the hell did she get to the net so quickly?" Felicia thought silently. Kristine smiled as she walked back. As she stood there preparing to serve, she again noticed that she now needed to pee worse than she would have liked.

The pressure was getting serious and it was only the second game of the set. Brushing her skirt smooth with her hand, her hands grazing her tanned, muscular, and gorgeous thighs, she reached back and delivered an ace, her serve placed perfectly out of reach of Felicia's forehand. 30-love was the score. She crouched down to retie her shoe, her old nervous habit, and she didn't crouch very ladylike, her legs wide open. A sports photographer from across the court zoomed in with his big lens.

Looking through his viewfinder, he could see the tightness of her tennis panties pressed against her pubic mound, and as he clicked a few frames, a bulge grew in his jeans. This girl WAS really something else, he thought, she really did have about the perfect body. The thin clingy fabric of these new tennis trunks were definitely revealing too, he thought, showing clearly the shape and form of her vulva as the fabric clung tightly to Kristine's most personal and private area.

This shot would definitely go to that guy's website he had heard about, for sure, he thought. Kristine got up and finished the game. It was Felicia's turn to serve. Felicia was quickly down 2-0 now, and getting frustrated. Whatever she hit, this girl seemed to return. It didn't matter how hard or where she put it, she'd get to the damned ball. Kristine strolled back to the baseline and waited. Her bladder pulsated, and she really wanted to go pee.

"Damn, I'm having to pee all of a sudden, what the hell," she swore silently at herself. This gave her all the more urgency to finish up the set and then use a break to go to the bathroom. She remembered back to the dreaded track meet where she had wet herself and felt a brief moment of panic. She wasn't in an emergency, but she needed to pee quite badly just the same. Then her mind replayed an embarrassing event back at tennis camp and she started to worry. Kristine realized she needed to use the bathroom kind of badly now and thought she should do something about it very soon before something horrible might happen- very soon. Her bladder tingled in urgency as she thought back.

The first time Kristine wet herself at the tennis camp was during the first week. The camp had a hard curfew of 10:30pm. One had to be inside their dorm room and in bed at 10:30, that was it. Nobody was allowed in the hallways, and that meant nobody was allowed in the bathrooms either. Kristine had just met her roommate (who had arrived late due to travel issues), an incredibly fun and vibrant good-looking blonde girl named Stacey.

Stacey was pretty popular with everyone; she had that outgoing personality with always a smile and a laugh, as well as being very, very pretty at 5'7 and a hundred fifteen pounds. A history of knee problems had limited her on the tour, but she was attending the camp to try and make one last run at her young career. That night the two of them had snuck out to a pizza place a mile east of the camp -- it was a rare night off for the girls, and they had walked back (no vehicles were allowed).

Both girls arrived at the dorm at exactly 10:29 and signing in with the dorm monitor, they immediately rushed upstairs to their rooms. Within half an hour, the staggering amount of cokes both girls had drunk at the pizza place had taken their effect and both girls were extremely desperate to go pee. Kristine was already in bed, having changed into a light pink panties and a white camisole and was trying to go to sleep when she suddenly realized how incredibly badly she needed to use the bathroom.

About the same time Stacey was walking around and mentioned out loud "I really need to go pee or I'm going to wet myself!!" Kristine kind of mumbled something, but was shy and didn't want to admit she needed to use the bathroom badly herself. "But we can't leave, remember," she told her roommate. "Shit," Stacey said. Stacey started to pace around the room, obviously very desperate. "Damn, Damn, jeez, I gotta go peeeee," Stacey cried. Hearing her roommate cry out in desperation didn't make it any easier for Kristine.

She turned in bed and realized she too had a totally full bladder. She lay in the bed in agony as her bladder stretched, membranes tightening, with the familiar and very scary feelings of total pee desperation taking over the girl's body. Kristine wondered how she was going to make it through the night without using the bathroom, and she clenched her legs together under the bed sheets as her bladder pulsed. Stacey looked around and then announced "Oh GOD, I'm about to pee myself!!" as she looked around in panic. Kristine opened her eyes and saw Stacey hop around the room in a panic before quickly grabbing the empty garbage can and putting it between her legs. As Stacey started to take off her shorts pee jetted out of the pretty blonde.

Stacey trembled and stood there, her shorts around her legs and pee flooding out of her panties into the garbage can. Kristine looked in shock as her roommate peed into her underwear right in front of her, the pee then streaming loudly into the garbage can. Stacey didn't even bother removing her panties, they were too soaked anyway, and she just crouched over the can and urinated noisily into it.

Finishing up, she took off her panties, grabbed a towel and wiped herself dry and then put on a pair of boxer shorts and laughed. Giggling, she asked Kristine if she wanted to use the garbage container as well to pee into. "Um, no, I can't," Kristine replied, far too embarrassed to be able to pee into a garbage can, especially in front of somebody else! "Ok, whatever," Stacey replied, headed to bed and turned off the light on her little desk. Kristine tried to go to sleep in the darkness, but the pressure inside of her was too much.

"Oh GOD!! I need to pee again," Stacey replied after fifteen minutes, and Kristine, struggling with her own desperation, did not know what to do. Stacey jumped up, pulled off her boxer shorts, and standing there with nothing on but her T-shirt urinated again noisily into the garbage can. Kristine watched as she sprayed pee from her neatly trimmed pubic mound into the can, the strong forceful stream jetting out of her. 

Kristine was transfixed by the sight- she had never seen another girl pee before. Her own desperation beyond control, she didn't know what to do. Seeing Stacey pee again was too much, and without any warning Kristine suddenly began to lose control and urinate into her own bed. She gasped- while lying there under her sheets, as she watched Stacey pee into the garbage can, pee stream after pee stream gushed out into her pink panties.

She peed uncontrollably into her sheets, her bed now soaking wet with her own hot urine. Kristine started to cry as her body relentlessly emptied her bladder, pee stream after pee stream flooding her panties and sheets, to the point where she was lying in a huge puddle of her own pee, having soaked her bed. Kristine was mortified and didn't tell Stacey she had wet the bed. As Stacey crawled back into bed, Kristine finished peeing in her bed and crying softly, before somehow going to sleep. She woke up once a few hours later, her bladder full again, and repeated the process, peeing again into her sheets, where she lay in a wet puddle until the next morning, embarrassed and ashamed that she had once again, as a young adult, wet herself.

The score was 5-1, Felicia had just pulled two aces, both serves traveling 128 mph. Kristine's incredible need to use the bathroom had slowed her speed down a little, the screaming within her bladder, 40 minutes since they entered the court, was now ruining her concentration. Kristine was dying inside, desperately waiting for the set break, anything to run off and use the bathroom before she peed herself in her tennis skirt. Her panties clung to her tightly, with her bulging tummy pressing against the waistband of her very short tennis skirt, and her swollen crotch making itself more obvious now to the photographers, this girl was sexy... many a lens snapped when she moved, many aware now of how tightly defined Kristine's pubic mound was by her thin panties.

She managed to pull out the set, winning 6-1, and almost peed into her skirt as she approached the chair umpire, asking for a bathroom break. The woman in the chair complied, and Kristine dashed off the courts, walking quickly through the hallways, heading back to the dressing room, her bladder screaming inside of her, the need to pee so incredible that she was genuinely worried that she was about to wet her tennis outfit.

"Jesus, I need to go pee," she cried to nobody, her voice echoing down the hallways, the need to pee torturing her young body, the stinging pain growing inside of her. Each step she took was torture as her bladder pounded inside of her. One time she stopped and tensed her muscles before continuing, almost peeing down her legs as she stood there, trembling. "Ooh God," she cried to herself, walking faster as her bladder pulsed inside of her, the pressure mounting again.

When she reached the dressing room, her heart sank. A maintenance crew was working inside, and a yellow "CLOSED" sign sat on the floor outside. She looked up in panic, not believing her eyes. She had to use the bathroom SO badly in her first major tournament final and she couldn't believe they weren't going to let her go pee!!! Looking around, Kristine scanned the rest of the hallway. Her eyes darted in a panic, first to the left, then to the right. There had to be another restroom! There HAD to be another. She clenched her legs together as the pressure grew, her bladder DEMANDED relief, she needed to pee! She knew the new lockers rooms weren't done, so that wouldn't work. The spectator area, they'd have to have some!

She hobbled, her bladder screaming, to where the corridor veered off, but the door to the other section was locked, to keep the spectators out of the locker room area. Looking down the hallway past the locked glass door, she could see a ladies' room with people entering and exiting it freely. A girl ran into the bathroom with a desperate look on her face, she had been about to pee herself during the last set, but she got her wish and managed to get to the bathroom before wetting into her clothes in the stadium.

The sight of the girl so desperate only magnified Kristine's pain. She wanted SO badly to break the doors down and urinate, her filling bladder was affecting her game, the stinging pressure building, the pain fierce, it was getting harder to concentrate on the game with her insides tormenting her, with the waves of pee pressure beginning to build strongly inside the athletic girl's desperate body.

She looked around, and momentarily wondered if she could just crouch down and pee on the floor, anything, just ANYTHING to relieve the pressure inside, but then she remembered the security cameras in the hallway. No way, not on camera. She paused, her legs trembling, held together to stem back the flow. She looked. Dashing back to the locker room, she looked again and saw the maintenance crew. "HEY," she cried out, her bladder screaming inside of her. "Sorry miss, the bathroom is closed, we should be opened back up in fifteen minutes though," the man yelled back. "But this is an EMERGENCY," she cried out, half bent over, her bladder almost about to burst within her tortured young body. "I'm sorry ma'am, water leak.

Fifteen minutes." Fifteen minutes. There was NO way she could take a fifteen-minute break- it was against the rules. Her bladder screamed- she needed to PEE so BADLY. She didn't know what to do, but realized she had no choice now. She looked around in absolute desperation, her knees pressed together, her thighs trembling from the pressure, her body demanding a pee break. THERE WAS ONLY ONE BATHROOM, she realized in panic!!! She'd simply have to go back on the court and request a bathroom break later, if they'd let her go again. "DAMN!!" Kristine thought. There were no options. She'd have to win the next set as quickly as she could and then rush off to the ladies' room before she wet herself. No other options.

Struggling, Kristine returned to the court, walking back out into the sunshine, her face scrunched up with pain, her bladder tormenting her inside. She walked over to Elise, the tournament director, who was standing guarding the entrance to the tunnel. "Hey, like, the bathrooms are closed," she said while clutching her crotch under her short tennis skirt, trying to hold the pee back. Elise nodded and mentioned something into her two-way radio. "You have to go back now," Elise said firmly. Kristine looked at her with pleading eyes, hoping a resolution would come out of her call on the two-way radio, but the woman stood firm. Kristine almost broke down and tears and almost started peeing, but she held on. Kristine hoped that something could be hurried up; she REALLY needed to go pee, and didn't want to play the rest of the game desperate for a bathroom break. But she had no choice. She had to return to the game.

The next set started. Kristine reached up, and served an off-pace spin serve, the ball spinning wildly out of reach of Felicia's racket. 15-love. "Damn," Felicia cried out. She was getting her butt kicked by this unknown 19 year old. Ad court. Kristine missed her first serve wide, but her second serve curved in nicely and jammed Felicia's backhand side. Felicia managed to get a decent return, sending the shot deep into Kristine's backhand corner. Kristine ran over and pounded the ball back, and Felicia got there in time and rocketed the ball to Kristine's forehand side.

"I'm going to run you to death now, girl," Felicia thought, smiling. But Kristine just bounded over to the shot and got there early- set up, and rocketed a winner down the line, catching Felicia flatfooted. "Jesus! She is fast," Felicia thought, brushing her hair out of her eyes and then adjusting her socks. Kristine headed back to serve, her bladder unrelenting, the screaming pressure almost demanding full concentration. She knew in order to get to the bathroom before she'd have an accident meant winning this set as quickly as possible. She didn't want to pee herself in front of the stadium, and knew she'd just have to hold it. Somehow. Her bladder sent a trembling spasm through her abdomen, and Kristine had to clench her muscles tightly to keep her swollen bladder from releasing hot pee into her clothes right in front of everyone.

She momentarily panicked, needing to pee so badly, and double faulted the next serve. Swearing at herself, wishing she could clutch her crotch and hold back the ocean of pee inside her, she walked over and managed to get the next serve into play, almost pulling another ace out of her hat, but Felicia managed to return it. Kristine trembled as another spasm of pee pressure overtook her, she was seriously desperate now, unbelievably desperate, with such an incredible need to go to the bathroom she didn't know if she could finish the game without having an accident in her tennis skirt. Somehow she managed to finish the game. Sitting down on the break, thirsty, she grabbed her water bottle. Sitting in the canvas chair, her legs slightly spread, she could only think about how insanely badly she needed to go to the bathroom.

Her bladder stung, the pressure building with every minute -- she just wanted to be able to PEE, to relieve the pain, to relax, just to let it out!! Squirming in the chair, her short skirt barely covering a few inches of her gorgeous thighs, she sat, waiting, while thinking about asking the chair umpire for another bathroom break, but she had just taken one.

How long had it been anyway? She changed position in the chair, the pain increasing, and placed her legs tightly together, her hands between her thighs, trying to press against her pee hole to hold in the pee she so incredibly needed to let go. The desperation she felt brought back more embarrassing memories, including the one perhaps the most embarrassing of all from her summer at tennis camp. She cringed when the memory came back, her bladder throbbed and she realized how absolutely desperate she was as she replayed the event from the past in her head. She just needed to concentrate, to put the pain out of her mind, to hold back the pee or risk having the most embarrassing accident ever during the match. She just needed to hold it!
