I was seated at the computer and surfing the Web. I'd only just got online and this was a new experience. Well, not so much the Web surfing, I'd done that at work, but obviously there were certain kinds if sites that I didn't dare look at in work. I couldn't afford to lose my job because I'd been on an inappropriate site. I don't know how they found out what you've been looking at and I didn't want to find out.
But now I had the Web at home, I could go where I liked. I'd done a lot of the porn sites, but basically I find staring at naked women rather boring. I have my own girlfriend I can see naked and she's better looking than most on the Net. So I started looking for something different. A magazine I bought regularly happened to have a supplement on weird websites and one of them was female desperation. I wondered exactly what that was at first, but reading on I saw it involved women wetting themselves.
Now that did intrigue me. I'd seen the wet look sites and liked them, but peeing? Well, they do say it's all out there. So I typed in the address given and found myself staring at images of women actually wetting themselves while still wearing their clothes. I'd expected a site of women squatting and peeing unhindered by clothes, but the sight of them actually soaking their clothing was a right good turn on.
I scrolled through pictures of jeans being stained. I was fascinated at the way the dark wet stain covered their crotches and ran down their legs. In fact I was quite surprised at how wet the jeans became. The only time I'd seen anyone wet themselves was in junior school and the stain hadn't been all that spectacular, but these virtually drenched the front of the jeans. I was also surprised at how wet the bums became as well. It was interesting to see how different colored slacks stained as the piss ran down the legs.
Then there were the wet skirts and dresses. I didn't find them as spectacular as the jeans and slacks, but I did find the sight of the piss streaking down tights and stockings quite sexy. And with the skirts you got to see the shoes a lot clearer and the piss dribbling into them made me hard.
But perhaps best of all were the pictures where the woman had wet herself in a public place. A few of the pictures had women in a town center in piss soaked jeans and one woman actually squatting and wetting her fawn slacks in the aisle of a supermarket! Then there were the ones of women walking in a crowded town, the stain of their piss showing down the inside of their jeans. One girl seemed to be quite spectacularly wetting herself on a bus or train.
I got to wonder at the nerve these women must have had to wet themselves in a public place like that. I also wondered how many were posed or faked and how many were some poor soul who'd had a genuine accident. There was a section, I discovered dedicated to women who were obviously drunk and had lost control of their bladders as a consequence. I bet they had a shock when they came round.
As I was staring at these images I began to realize that not only was I getting one heck of an erection, but I was also getting rather full in the bladder myself. I was about to get up and go to the toilet when a devilish little thought came into my head.
Why don't I wet myself?
I was alone in the house. My girlfriend was working and wouldn't be back until five. Why the hell not? I clicked back to look at my favorite photos – the ones where the women were wetting themselves in public, and prepared for my first wetting.
Question was where to do it? My first thought was the bathroom. I could stand in the bath and wet myself. Wouldn't be a problem and the mess I'd make could be easily washed away, but that seemed a bit dull. I did know that I certainly wasn't going to do it in public. Hell, no. Then I thought to myself, why not do it here and now where I'm sat? I was, as I've said at my computer sitting on a plastic garden chair that I was using until I could get a proper and more comfortable swivel chair.
So I thought, why not just do it here while looking at the pictures?
However there was a part of me that rebelled at the idea of wetting myself. At first I couldn't produce a drop despite the fact I was dying to go. I told myself to relax. I then tried again and this time it came. I started to piss myself. I must confess to being surprised at how warm it was. I felt the liquid pooling in my crotch and then I watched as the dark stain began to spread on the front of my light blue trousers. I felt it then working its way to my bum and it spread its wet warmth around there. Because I was sat down the piss didn't do much mess on the front of my thighs, but I felt it running around to the backs of my thighs and down my calves into my shoes.
The design of the chair meant the piss pooled around my bum and didn't dribble to the floor, which apart from making it more fun it also meant there wasn't any mess to stain and stink out the carpet. I was surprised at how much I had in there. By the time I was done the crotch and rear of my trousers were soaked dark in piss. There were also dark trails down the insides and backs of my legs. The smell was pungent and I suddenly felt a bit of a twit for having done it.
And then the door to my room opened and to my horror in came my girlfriend, Sally. She wasn't supposed to be home now! She gave me a smile and came across kissing me. I squeezed myself up in order to try and hide the stain on my trousers. As she bent to kiss me she paused stared at the monitor and then wrinkled her nose.
Then I realized two things. One, I still had the website on screen. There in glorious color was a blonde woman clutching at the crotch of her jeans. Dark piss stains covered most of the material leaving no one in any doubt what she was doing. The second thing I realized was that Sally could smell the piss. My heart sank.
"Have you?"
She pulled me to sit upright and there was my shame plain as day. My piss–darkened crotch gave me away. I felt myself blushing like hell. The look on her face said it all as she turned and stormed out of the room. I had a horrible feeling that this had just been the worst piss of my life. 
PeeJay