The Exhibition (part 1)

By Francine
 
This story is fiction. It contains no hard sex (i.e., no rape or penetration, no blood or extreme torture) and involves an older woman who consents to a form of corporal punishment to avoid more severe consequences. It has bondage (reluctantly consensual), humiliation, exhibitionism, and watersports with a strong "hold it" theme. 

The principal character is a mature woman, reflecting that themes of bondage and watersports are not only for the young and beautiful, but can relate to older persons as well. This is a long story you don't read in 5 minutes !

CHAPTER 1. How it Happened

Nancy Johnson was no stranger to travel, as a free-lance writer and photographer, she had spent much of her life abroad, visiting and writing about innumerable locations about the world. At 54, she often went with her husband, who followed his own pursuits while she engaged in authoring and illustrating articles she would then plan to offer to those newspapers and magazines who regularly utilized her literary style. With their children grown, Nancy and Ralph had accustomed themselves to a life they enjoyed immensely, largely on the road and often in little-known places.

Her life of travel had conditioned her to be rugged and adaptable, and both of them had been blessed with good health. Ralph, more relaxed than Nancy, devoted himself to archaeology and historical interests, occasionally teaching and writing for professional journals. He was a moderately tall man, graying, a bit older than Nancy at 57. She, physically strong and active, was a larger woman, only slightly concerned at her weight of 160, with her short auburn hair turning grey, something she declined to hide or camouflage. She bore her years with grace, always as well groomed as the situation allowed.

Nor was she any stranger to trouble. In her travels, she had on occasion run afoul of the law, and had learned patience and tolerance in dealing with the world's bureaucracies. So far she had never run into any really serious legal problems, and while she had in her younger years spent a night or two locked up for minor offenses, her legal problems had always been solvable. 

But now she faced a different situation. Ralph and Nancy had come to this Caribbean Island nation, as much as tourists as journalists. In her zeal to portray life as it was, Nancy had engaged in photographing some of the poorer areas, including, she found out later, some religious rites and quasi-legal drug trafficking activities which the government found embarrassing. In fact, local law prohibited photography in some of these areas, and the government was sensitive to being portrayed as tolerating what some would consider immoral, backward, or indecent. She had been caught by the local police, who had followed her while Ralph was elsewhere, and she soon found herself apprehended. At this point it was determined that she lacked the proper visa for journalistic work, and her she had neglected to obtain a required permit for her camera and register with the government's office of foreign affairs as a foreign writer. 

Realizing she was in a bit of difficulty, she summoned her husband to the police station. After the situation was explained to them, the police officer in charge, Sgt. Melona, told them, very politely, of their options.

"You must understand that I do not make the laws, but these are our laws and we are charged to administer them. Mrs. Johnson, you are charged with at least five violations of immigration laws and civil codes. I realize that you may not have intended any harm, and that you are foreigners; but I must hold you accountable under our laws. You will be given a hearing before the police magistrate in a day or two. I advise you to obtain a local lawyer to represent you. I could hold you until the hearing; but I do not feel that you are a threat to the community, and if you agree to report for the hearing I am prepared to release you in your husband's custody if you will post a small bond, leave your passports with me, and agree not to attempt to flee the island."

"Mr. Melona, I understand your position, and your offer is quite generous, and we will accept it", Ralph replied. Fortunately, he had the means to post the modest bond, and they left to go back to their hotel.

That evening, they consulted with George Hamran, the attorney they had now engaged to represent Nancy at her hearing.

"Mr. Hamran," Nancy asked him, "is this really a serious set of charges? Of course, I know what I did, but I really did not know of all these legal entanglements. I've been in places before where I had failed to get a permit or something, and usually we straightened it out with a small fine, or a fee, or sometimes even a bit under the table for some official. Besides, they took my camera and all my notes, so what can they do to me? Deport me?"

"Don't try that here" George Hamran responded. "There has recently been quite a scandal on corruption and even the suggestion of a bribe will get you in more trouble. Since they have your photos and notes, and you were caught in the act of illegal photography, and since you obviously do not possess the required authorizations, there is little defense. I can try to argue that your intentions were not malicious, but don't be hopeful. This government wants to be seen as operating strictly by the law, and they don't want to encourage other foreigners to bypass the rules. You are almost certainly going to be convicted, but I will try to get as light a sentence as possible."

"What will that be?", Ralph anxiously inquired. George went on, "The charges will likely call for a jail sentence of about six months to a year; but I think it is likely that you will be given something less, in your circumstances. Probably four to six months, after which you will be escorted to the airport and required to leave. "

"Four to six months?" Nancy was outraged. "Four to six months out of my life on this forsaken place? Surely there must be an alternative. Can we not arrange a fine?" 

"A fine, alone, is not likely", George went on. "Prison time is what is expected. And the prison here is not as bad as it could be. You will not be mistreated, because the government is sensitive to human rights issues. Your husband can visit regularly, and...."

"Four to six months! And maybe more! Give me some other option - anything!" Nancy was clearly upset over the possibility.

"If you were a man," George went on, "there would be an alternative. You could ask for corporal punishment instead, which means flogging. It is humiliating and painful, but it is over quickly. Men can ask for this in lieu of short prison sentences. Flogging used to be imposed regularly, but now it is done only when the prisoner consents to it, to avoid jail time. Many men do choose it, instead of going to jail. But the law absolutely prohibits the flogging of women - the government simply does not want the image that might present."

"Then there is no way a woman can request corporal punishment?" 

"I can't really say there is no way. But I don't advise you to ask for it. You will be better off in the long run with the jail time." George obviously wanted to cut this off. Nancy, however, continued, "if there is any way a woman can get corporal punishment instead of jail time, I want to know. Tell me my options!" 

"Well, you asked for it," George continued. "But I strongly advise against it. There is a corporal punishment option for women. It is carried out periodically, only when women request it, and very few do. Women cannot be flogged, beaten, or subjected to physical abuse. The women who choose this option are exhibited in a public place used for the purpose, where they must stand in shackles for several hours at a time, while they are subjected to other physical discomforts which can be most unpleasant. However, they cannot be subjected to flogging or any invasive treatment, and they cannot be raped or sodomized, nor can they be cut or permanently injured. The sentence may require them to endure this on several successive days, if it is in lieu of months of jail time. It can be..."

"Get it for me!" Nancy demanded. 

George tried his best to dissuade Nancy, but it wasn't working. The following day, he arranged a meeting at the police magistrate's building, where the government prosecutor considered Nancy's request. "Since she is agreeing to this, I will ask the magistrate to allow the sentence to be carried out promptly. We will ask that she be given three successive days of exhibition, to be followed by deportation. Day after tomorrow, she will report to the police sergeant at the jail, at ten in the morning. Agreed?" "Agreed", George responded.

Later that day, Nancy signed the required papers. She found that she also needed a doctor's certificate that she was able to endure the punishment prescribed, and a local doctor checked her out and certified her "A necessary precaution" George told her, "they don't want to find out that you have a weak heart or some other problem that might make you collapse on their hands." She had also been told that when she reported she must not be wearing any jewelry, watch, or anything of value, She should not be wearing any cosmetics, perfume, or even deodorant, and her clothing should be simple and casual.

Nancy concerned herself what she would have to go through - even though it would be better than months in jail, she expected it to be rough. But standing in shackles for a few hours? She felt she could handle that, even at her age. And she couldn't be beaten! George gave her one final warning, before he and Ralph delivered her to the police station on the appointed day, "Remember, you asked for this - to avoid jail time. If you give them a hard time, or refuse to cooperate, they can revoke the agreement and put you in jail for the maximum the law allows." 
