Relief on the Beach
	Lover accidentally pisses on partner during sex on the beach
Author: mirrorman

Janet was meeting Brian for her second date. They met the night before in a crowded nightclub in the holiday resort on the Algarve. Once their eyes had met they were both smitten and they then spent the rest of the night chatting and drinking to each other in a quiet corner of the club. Janet had wanted to give herself to Brian but she didn’t want to break her unwritten rule of sleeping with a man on the first date. So they agreed to meet the following night in a quieter bar and have a meal followed by drinks.

Janet spent a couple of hours getting ready. A 45 minute soak in the bath had relaxed her and after spending another 30 minutes applying her makeup she dressed herself in a matching black bra and thong with a black mini dress that showed off her svelte 34-24-34 figure. Her shoulder length blonde hair surrounded her pretty face and the imitation pearl necklace set off the whole ensemble. She was stunning.

Brian, an attractive 6 footer, spent considerably less time getting ready. After a cold shower he applied his deodorant and applied some Gel to create the wet look hair do he liked and then dressed in a pair of smart dark coloured slacks, with a short sleeved multi coloured ‘Hawaiian’ style shirt. He rarely wore pants and saw no reason to tonight. A liberal dose of after shave completed the look.

He set off early to meet Janet; he had enjoyed her company so much the night before that he hadn’t asked her to sleep with him. God if his friends had known that they would have ripped the piss out of him all day. They had been at the same nightclub and saw him disappear to the corner with a blonde. He had lied when they asked him if he slept with her, but they did comment on his decision to see her again. But he laughed off comments of a romance saying that she was good in the sack and he wanted more of the same. He regretted the lie, but he had realised that Janet was different to all the other girls he had been with, she was intelligent, thoughtful and shared a similar sense of humour as he had. He realised that Janet was someone he could fall in love with.

Janet had similar feelings, her girlfriends had advised her not to go out on her own tonight but her intuition told her that he could be the one.

Brian was halfway through his first drink when this vision of loveliness waltzed into the bar, he had to look twice before he realised that this was Janet. Talk about stunning he thought.

Over the next six hours, they shared a candlelit meal and had several drinks in a couple of the bars as they headed towards the sea front. They were both wrapped up in each other that they hadn’t realised the time. It was early morning and the bars were emptying as everyone moved towards the big nightclubs. Janet and Brian decided to walk along the sea front. Hand in hand they walked.

Janet had decided that she would give herself to Brian; she was hoping he felt the same way about her but she couldn’t tell. Sure he was giving her the right signals but as yet he hadn’t tried anything on. She thought if he didn’t make a move on her soon she would!

They continued walking along the beach, the sound of the waves grew louder as the noise from the bars and clubs faded.

Brian stopped, ‘I want you Janet, I hope you feel the same way.’

‘I do’ she replied as they embraced and kissed.

It was a hungry kiss as their tongues found each others. Brian’s hands immediately went to Janet’s arse. Fondling her lovely firm cheeks he moved up her back and started feeling his way around to her breasts. They broke apart, ‘I want you, I need you’

‘Where?’ asked Janet.

‘Why not here?’

Janet had fantasised about fucking on the beach and thought that their was no time like the present, ‘OK’

Brian fell to his knees and pulled Janet to him; his hands lightly grasped her thighs and moved upwards underneath her dress until he reached the thong she was wearing. He slowly pulled them down her legs as he looked up into her eyes. Once they hit the floor she stepped out of them. Brian continued to look into her eyes as he raised the hem of her dress and moved his head towards her crotch. Her cunt was bordered by small line of pubic hair. It was obvious that she trimmed her bush regularly, it made up cunt lips stand out especially now that they had started to moisten.

Brian’s tongue circled her clit; his fingers pulled her lips apart. His tongue moved down to lick the space between her lips. She tasted good. Brian was enjoying himself; his talented tongue found and started to dance on her clit. Janet was in ecstasy, none of her previous boyfriends had ever gone down on her and she couldn’t believe how nice the feeling was. Normally it would take her 10 minutes or so before she could reach an orgasm but she was fast approaching one here after less than two.

Brian’s tongue alternated from the sweet space between her lips and the nub of clit which was now emerging from its hood. Brian’s tongue felt it and immediately attacked it sending shockwaves through Janet. Her orgasm hit her, ‘Yessssssss’ she screamed, her hands pulling Brian’s hair as the best orgasm she had ever had hit her. Brian kept his tongue flicking across her clit. Janet’s knees almost gave way as the waves of ecstasy continued to sweep over her. She slowly came back down to earth, ‘Oh god that was incredible.’

‘I aim to please.’ Brian replied with a chuckle.

He regained his feet and kissed her, Janet could taste herself on his lips. It wasn’t the first time; she had placed her vibrator in her mouth after bringing herself off once just to see what it tasted like. It was nice.

Janet wanted to return the compliment, so she fell to her knees and began to undo the belt and buttons on his trousers. She felt inside and grasped his semi erect cock, pulling it out; she licked the tip before engulfing the head in her mouth. She felt it throb as it grew. She swallowed all of his still growing cock, her lips now rubbed up against his pubic hair. She could still feel his cock throbbing; the head of his cock began working its way down the back of her throat. She began to gag so she pulled his cock out of her mouth. It was now fully erect, at 8 inches it was easily the biggest cock she had had.

Janet looked into Brian’s eyes and saw the pleasure etched into them. She slowly licked his cock from the tip to the base before putting each of his balls into her mouth and sucking on it for a few seconds. Releasing them she again inserted his cock into her mouth and started sliding up and down on it.

Brian had only ever had a few blow jobs; they had always been given by inexperienced girls and often involved teeth being scraped over his cock. This was by far the best blowjob he had ever had. He realised that he was going to cum very soon.

‘I’m going to cum…..’

Janet moved her mouth up and down his cock faster, when she felt the first throb signalling the impending ejaculation she thrust her mouth as far down his cock as she could. Brian spurted deep into her throat. Janet swallowed as more and more of his lovely creamy cum slid down her throat. Once he was spent, she licked him clean and released him from her mouth.

‘That was fucking brilliant.’

‘I aim to please.’ she mocked.

She stood and they embraced again.

‘Let’s fuck.’ Janet said.

They stripped their remaining clothes and lay down. Immediately Brian took his still hard cock and placed it at the opening of Janet’s cunt. He thrust in slowly to see if Janet could take all of his 8 inches in the first thrust. She was so excited that his cock slid in like a knife through butter.

Even with her state of excitement she was tight. Brian placed Janet’s legs over his shoulders and started thrusting. This was great; sex should always be like this he thought. Janet had never been this excited during sex. The extra length that she was experiencing for the first time was reaching places that had never been reached before. It was the best sex she had ever had.

Brian pulled out and flipped her over onto her knees. He moved behind her and thrust his cock into her again. He reached underneath her and felt her tits, the nipples were rock hard, so he squeezed them between his fingers. This was enough to send Janet over the top as she came again.

‘Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, that’s gorgeous.’ She screamed as she fell forwards into the sand.

Again Brian pulled out and lay back on the sand. Janet straddled him and inserted his cock into her slippery cunt. She started moving up and down on his cock, feeling the immense pleasure it gave her.

She bent down to kiss Brian; he embraced her and thrust up into her. Janet became aware of an urgent need to piss, but was torn between letting Brian finish or interrupting their lovemaking to relieve herself. Brian continued his thrusting, Janet was desperate.

‘Brian, you will have to stop, I need to pee.’

‘Hang on, I am nearly there.’

Brian continued thrusting, he was close. Janet knew she couldn’t hold it, but Brian was still embracing her tightly. She felt the tell tale signs as her bladder let go. Piss flooded out of her all over Brian’s stomach while he was still thrusting. Janet burst into tears as more of her piss cascaded over his cock and balls.

The warmth of the piss sent him over the top as he thrust once more into her and spewed his seed into her womb.

Janet was inconsolable. Brian released her and pulled out.

Janet ran over to the rocks and continued crying.

Brian had a number of emotions running through him, she had just pissed on him and he had enjoyed it. This was the best sex he had ever had and he wanted more, not just for tonight but for ever.

He ran over to Janet and consoled her.

‘It was my fault; I should have stopped when you said. That was the best sex I have ever had.’

‘How could it be after what I did?’ She sobbed.

‘Janet, if I was perfectly honest it ended fantastically, I really enjoyed what you did, it excited me more than I thought anything could.’

‘Are you sure.’ Janet replied a little bemused.

‘Yes. Maybe you will do it again sometime in the future.’

‘You mean you want to see me again.’

‘Yes I do, not just for the rest of the week, but probably for the rest of my life. I love you’

Janet immediately embraced him and cried. ‘I love you too.’
