A Contract For a Piss
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Charles

Linda counted herself remarkably lucky. Born into a poor household, and both her parents dead by the time she was eighteen, her life might so easily have been a bleak and miserable existence.

But her fortunes changed, quite literally, when she met a wealthy businessman named Robert. They had been seeing one another for quite a while, and yet she was still not his wife, nor even his mistress. She did not delude herself that she was anything more than a plaything for him, a kind of living doll.

Despite the uncertainties spawned by this tenuous relationship, the rewards were nevertheless considerable. Robert paid her a comfortable apartment for her, and provided a generous monthly allowance, so generous in fact that Linda was actually able to save money for the first time in her life. And, astute businessman that robert was, he even offered her valuable advice about how to invest her money. One day, if she saved hard, she might be able to support herself when Robert tired of her and moved on to his next conquest.

The relationship with Robert did not unfold in quite the way she expected, however. One evening, Robert began telling her about the problems he was having in securing a very important contract, and she had trouble disguising her surprise at his sudden candor. It was the first time he had ever discussed his business with her in anything more than a fleeting comment. One of his business competitors, it seemed, had matched an offer Robert had made for some prime real estate he wished to purchase for later development. As Robert went into greater and greater detail, Linda grew nervous, afraid that he was going to ask her advice when she felt totally unequipped to give any. All the same, she tried to play along. Latching on to one of his remarks about the bidding between himself and his competitor, she had said, somewhat naively, "But Robert, doesn't a contract like this always go to the lowest bidder?"

"Unfortunately, no", Robert answered. "It is a very complicated contract. While I am in the stronger position in some respects, my competitor -- Armand -- is offering certain incentives which the client seems to favour. But he is sitting on the fence. He doesn't know who to choose, so he has proposed a little stratagem" Robert paused to regard Linda for a moment, then resumed. "That is were you come in, my little darling".

"Me"" she exclaimed. "But how can I help you? I know absolutely nothing of those things".

"Well" Robert explained, "it seems this potential client has a strange interest: he likes to see young women desperate to pee. And since Armand also also a girlfriend, Eve, the client came up with the idea of a competition between you and her. He says he will award the contract to the man whose girlfriend can outwait the other."

"Competition?" Linda stared at him open-mouthed. "What are you asking me to do?"

"You know that this contract is very important to me," Robert answered obliquely, "so I am counting on you to help me win it."

As desperately as Linda wanted to help him, after all Robert had done for her, she was not at all sure about a pee-holding contest.

"The client will award the contract to the man whose contestant can hold her pee the longest. I know you are very good at holding it, so this should be easy for you."

"I don't know...," Linda said doubtfully.

"Please," Robert pleaded. "Do this for me."

After a little hesitation, Linda asked, "Is this really the only way you can win the contract?"

"The only way," Robert confirmed.

Linda swallowed hard, closing her eyes as she drew in a deep breath. When she opened her eyes again, she asked, "When is it to take place?"

"Next week. I'll get the details tomorrow."

Linda bit her lower lip for a few moments, then nodded. "Alright. I'll do it."

"Good girl," Robert enthused, then kissed her full on the mouth.

The following week, the two contenders for the contract, Robert and Armand, accompanied by their respective lady friends, Linda and Eve, all arrived at the client's house. The potential client, Pete, admired the two well-dressed young women with a glint of excitement in his eyes. The girls were both dressed in a miniskirt and a short blouse. The skirt was of jeans material and would vividly discolor when wet.

"So ladies" Pete said, "you know what is expected of you. Let me just explain the rules. First you will both go to the toilet, so you both start with an empty bladder. Then you begin drinking. Bottles water and Coke are waiting, as you can see. You are expected to drink 750 ml in half an hour, and after that 250 ml each 45 minutes. You may do whatever you will to help you hold you pee -- sitting, walking, dancing, grabbing your crotch, whatever you choose to do. You will not be graded on your pee dance performance, however, but on how long you can hold on.

When the loser pees her pants, the moment I see the first signs of a wet patch, I start a ten-minute timer. The other girl has to wait the full 10 minutes before she is declared the winner. If not, we call it a draw and give it another try next week, with new, more difficult rules. Everything understood? OK, let the best win."

And so it started. Both girls drank their allotted amount, looking at, but not speaking to one another. Both knew equally well that losing this match might mean the definitive end of their cosy, comfortable lives.

At first it was easy, but soon both girls were experiencing serious bladder pressure. An hour in the contest, they were both frantic, sitting on uncomfortable chairs, wiggling around, crossing and uncrossing their legs.

At this point, Pete stepped forward and announced, "Time for more drinks, ladies." Both girls groaned audibly at the prospect of consuming yet more liquid, but they knew they had no choice.

Pete had placed the drinks on the other side of the room, forcing the girls stand up and walk across to the table. To make matters worse, he instructed them to pour their own drinks.

Linda and Eve rose, each girl grabbing hold of her crotch as she hobbled over to the table. They both stood hopping from foot to foot as they stood there, first pouring and then drinking their 250 ml. Eve was in such a bad state that she spilled most of her drink. Pete, who was watching the girls closely, said, "That won't do, Eve. I think you're trying to cheat. Drink another 100 ml to make up for the spillage".

Eve was close to tears. Her bladder was hurting, a stinging pain in her belly, and standing was making her situation infinitely worse. Hands shaking, she poured the second drink as Linda returned to her chair and gratefully sat down, bending double and knotting her legs as she pressed a hand into her crotch.

Dancing and gasping, Eve managed to swallow the extra 100 ml. and hobble back to her own chair, promptly assuming the same position as Linda, softly crying.

Some 15 minutes later, Pete said "OK ladies, let's have some action. Please stand up and walk round the room."

"No, please," Eve begged. "I can't stand up again."

"Now, ladies,' Pete insisted.

Stiffly, both girls rose, and bent double with hands pressing on their crotches, both girls hobbled around the room, taking small steps in an attempt to keep their thighs together. Several times, they had to stop as a wave of urgency hit them.

Linda knew she was close to losing control, but she didn't dare let it go. She didn't know which was worse: making herself go on holding her pee even though she was in agony, or risk losing her comfortable life-style furnished by Robert's generosity. She simply had to hold it, no matter what.

Tensing her pelvic muscles to help her tired sphincter, she continued walking.

Suddenly, Eve yelled, "Oh no, no, no ...."

Linda looked at her competitor in this holding contest and saw Eve standing perfectly still now, pee running down her legs. A wet patch was spreading quickly on the front of her skirt. She had lost it. Linda felt a fresh surge of hope, then tightened her muscles as she came dangerously close to losing control herself.

"Starting the 10 minutes now" she heard Pete say. "Linda, will you please stand still, hands on your back, your legs slightly apart, like a soldier's at rest position?"

Eve sank to the floor, on hands and knees, still peeing and sobbing, seeing her future flowing away with her pee.

Linda was in no way sure she had won. This position was making it extremely difficult for her to hold on. Forbidden to grab her crotch, to cross her legs or even to do a pee dance, she had no way of helping her poor, tired sphincter withstand the ever increasing pressure of her overfilled bladder.

As the minutes crawled past, her agony increased. Her lower belly felt as if it was on fire. Tears ran down her face, produced by the sheer amount of effort it took her to hold her pee. She tensed her leg muscles, trying everything to help her hold it.

"I must wait, I can wait" she repeated in a litany to herself.

She heard Pete counting: "Eight minutes"

Oh no. Eight minutes. I'll never make it! Oh God, I must!"

She took a deep breath and told herself, "I can. I will!"

"Seven minutes," Pete announced.

A cramp shook Linda's body, and with a tremendous effort she managed to clench herself shut. She had to dredge up the last ounce of strength from her exhausted muscles.

She saw Robert, with a happy smile on his face, encouraging her. She saw Armand, his face red with rage as it seemed more and more likely that he was going to lose the contract.

Armand's rage somehow gave her the strength to continue the struggle; to ignore the fierce pain of her bladder, the cramps in her overtaxed pelvic floor muscles.

"Two minutes."

Another cramp. I must hold it !! I must. I can! I'm still dry...

"One minute."

Linda closed her eyes. Just one more minute, that was all.

"Come on Linda," Robert encouraged her. "You can do it. Come on, my girl."

"Thirty seconds."

Another cramp. Oh no. I must wait, Linda sobbed inwardly, her entire body shaking.

"Fifteen seconds."

I must hold it!

"Ten seconds."

More cramp. Hold it. Stop it. Must stop it!

"Five seconds."

I can. I will... Oh no! It's coming out! No, no, no!

"Four ... three ... two ... one .... Zero."

Linda, her eyes wide with disbelief, gasped out, "I made it<' she said aloud. "I really made it."

Suddenly, like the wall of a dam cracking open to allow a pent up torrent through, Linda felt her pee streaming out of her, racing down her legs. Oh, the bliss. It felt so good.

As the need so such single-minded concentration abated, she slowly became aware of her surroundings once more. Next to her, Eve sat in her own puddle of pee, sobbing miserably. Armand was nowhere to be seen.

Robert was ecstatic, literally dancing with joy. Even before she stopped peeing, he grabbed Linda and, completely disregarding her dripping wet skirt against his expensive suit, hugged her tightly. "Oh my girl, you made it." He kissed her quickly, then added, "You've earned me at least fifty million euros." Another kiss. "Thank you (kiss). Thank you so very much"

Pete also congratulated Linda. "You were wonderful. For a while there, I thought you wouldn't going to make it. Very well done. My sincere congratulations. And, Robert, let's make an appointment to sign that contract, say tomorrow morning at ten in my office?"

Later, driving home in his Rolls, Robert said to Linda, "You know, last week, my jeweller showed me something new; a signet ring with the initials spelled out in diamonds. Are you interested?"

Linda, who until that moment had been preoccupied with sitting on her wet, cold skirt, looked across at him sharply. "What?"

"Are you interested?" Robert repeated.

"Oh my God!" Linda exclaimed as she reached over and planted a kiss squarely on Robert's mouth, briefly blocking his view of the road ahead. "Yes," she whispered.

"Good, now sit down before we have an accident. You can do a lot more of that when we get home."

