Time Turner (Part 3)
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on September 30th, 2010 at 4:02PM

Once again, Dr. Liu felt as if the whole world were being stretched like taffy as the Time Turner rewound her life to a point roughly ten minutes in the past. Her bladder, which had just poured its contents out all over the floor of the mezzanine, was suddenly full to bursting again. At least this time she was braced. As the time distortion normalized, she clenched all the muscles in her crotch and in her butt so hard it made her shiver.

Someone was shaking her hand. Bob, from her research team. “Liu?” he asked. “Something wrong?”

She looked down at herself: Dress, black, with a ruffled skirt ending above the knee. Panty hose (almost unheard of for her) also black, although a bit sheer. Shoes, flat-heeled, because you couldn’t pay her to wear pumps, not ever. No jacket, which meant she’d slipped back into the time stream a minute or so earlier than last time.

“I’m fine,” she said. “Hand me those, will you?” She pointed to where her jacket and purse were slung over the back of a chair. “And give me the Time Turner. I’ll take it back to the lab.”

“You sure?” asked George. “I was heading back that way…”

“Just give it here. Quickly.” George shrugged and handed her the device. She opened her purse and dropped it in, slung the purse over her shoulder, and then turned on her heel and walked away while still pulling on her jacket.

Across the room, she could hear Boswell and von Schlimm from non-Euclidian math singing off key. She hadn’t noticed them the first time, but the second time they’d surrounded her and sung her congratulatory songs until she almost pissed right in front of them. She rolled her eyes now and walked directly towards Wiggins from high energy particle physics. He stood like a plug in the bottleneck of people between her and the nearer exit, but she’d get past him.

“Dr. Liu!” he called out as she approached.

“Wiggins! There you are!” She made herself sound much happier to see him than she felt. “You needed to know about the grant proposal.” His portly body completely blocked her path.

“Well, yes…” he said.

“Go with CERN,” she said, trying to sidestep around him.

“But the…”

“Make the budget figures work.” She reached out and took hold of his arms and gently spun him so the two of them rotated like a double planetoid, still facing each other.

“You’re sure? It’s only that…”

“We have to have 12,000 gigavolts. FermiLab can’t deliver that.” She had her back to the doors now. She laid a hand on his chest and gave a gentle shove. It didn’t budge his greater inertia, but it pushed her off towards the exit and she used the momentum as she turned and crossed the last few steps to the heavy glass doors.

Stepping out onto the mezzanine, she saw the elevator that had lured her to the twentieth floor and her first failure. The doors were closed now; she judged it would be at least thirty seconds before it pinged and opened. She walked past it and out across the open space of the mezzanine. Passing the spot where she’d lost control and wet herself last time, she glanced down at her watch. 8:41. She was making good time.

There was a bit of a crowd around the head of the escalator. She had to pause and wait for people in front of her to step onto it, and that made her squirm a bit. When she got on the escalator herself she wanted desperately to run down the steps, but its entire length was jammed with people standing, chatting with each other, leaning on the railings. She crossed her legs where she stood, twisted her body so that she could clamp down tighter on her bladder, and tried not to squirm too blatantly.

Not squirming turned out to be impossible. She leaned forward. She stepped from foot to foot. She bobbed up and down on her toes. She pressed her thighs together and bent her knees. She crossed her legs again, chanting under her breath “Come on, come on, come on…!” Finally she reached the bottom. Her stair merged silently with the lobby floor and she stepped out, following the stream of people into the lobby. She ducked sideways to extricate herself from behind a couple that had drifted to a stop, skirted around a man talking on a cell phone, and scampered, almost running, to the back of the lobby where she knew the rest rooms were, and…

Oh my God.

The line of women was out the door. Six. Six women standing outside just waiting to get into the ladies’ room. She hurried to join the end of the line, getting there just ahead of another woman who eyed her with some annoyance. She wriggled again and looked at her watch. 8:43. Five minutes until she wet herself, give or take. She crossed legs again, pee-dancing as discretely as she could manage. She distracted herself thinking about chaotic systems. Two systems, given nearly identical starting parameters, could still result in vastly different outcomes due to imperceptible differences at the outset. Would loss of bladder control best be described as chaotic? Would she always wet herself at exactly 8:48, regardless of what she did? 

8:45 now. Only four women in front of her. She looked enviously at the door to the men’s room…considered abandoning the line of women and brazenly marching in to face the urinals. But three men walked in just then, and through the briefly-open door she saw that it was crowded in there, full of guys. Guys at the sinks, guys at the urinals, guys coming out of the stalls. She continued staring at the door after it closed. Did she dare invade that space in her short skirt and pantyhose and explain that she was about to wet herself? The door opened again and she saw a man step away from one of the urinals. Oh, eewww! Zip up before you turn around, mister! No. Not going in there. Not unless there’s absolutely no other choice.

She dug her fingernails into the palms of her hands. Another woman came out, and now there were only two in line in front of her. Ah, just one. Glance at the watch again. 8:46. 

Three more women came out, and now she was inside the door…

…to find the same six women now lined up waiting for a free stall, and still more women in front of them. At least in here she felt a little freer to squirm and bob up and down and bend over double and dance from foot to foot. Please, for God’s sake, hurry up in there. 

A toilet flushed. Then another. Two women emerged; two others stepped in. The line of women had spread out across the bank of five stalls, so now there was only one woman ahead of her. Dr. Liu touched her on the elbow. “Please,” she said, “Can I go ahead of you? I really have to go.”

The woman bit her lip. “I have to go real bad too,” she said.

“Please???” Liu was almost crying again with the effort of holding it in. A sink started to run full blast. “I swear, I’m about to wet myself.”

A woman beside her waiting for the adjacent stall said, “Here, you can go in front of me.” Others further back looked annoyed, but Liu thanked her profusely and crossed to stand in front of her. 8:48. Moment of truth. She was gripping herself now, a hand pressed shamelessly into her crotch, and she was dancing non-stop.

The toilet in the stall in front of her flushed. Oh thank God! she thought. Not even waiting for the door to open, she lifted her skirt and hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her pantyhose. She slid them down around her thighs, letting her skirt fall again so that at least she wasn’t mooning the whole room. She knocked on the stall door. “Hurry up!” she begged. “I’m about to piss myself, and I’m not kidding!” Why the f*ck isn’t that woman coming out? 

“Just a second, lady!” The sound of sliding cloth and zippers. 

Liu was gripping herself again, hands over her naked crotch now, pubic hair scratchy against the palm of her hand, fingers pressed into her slit. She felt wet. Her fingers pressing directly on her urethra were all that kept her from being a lot wetter. She closed her eyes, focused her thoughts on Please hurry, hurry, hurry! and her body on No, no, no, not yet, please, just a few more seconds!

Another flush, and then Liu heard the bolt slide back, saw the door open, but she was peeing into the palm of her hand now. She tried to press harder, but pee squirted out around her fingers, several streams escaping in different directions to spray down her inner thighs, darken the hem of her dress, saturate her pantyhose, and splash like a mountain stream in springtime all over the floor. The woman coming out of the stall stepped into a puddle of Dr. Liu’s piss. “Aw, jeeze, lady, you couldn’t have waited another two seconds?”

Liu narrowed her eyes at the woman. “Evidently not,” she said coldly. 

The two stepped around one another and Liu slammed shut the door of the stall. She sat down. She’d managed to strangle off the flow but her bladder was still fairly full. She thought about peeing some more…but no. If she were going back in time yet again, the sudden refilling of her bladder would be like getting kicked in the abdomen. Better to be still holding when she activated the Time Turner.

Groundhog day, indeed, she thought as the device powered up. Here we go again…

