Andrea had been living with Jake for a couple of years– so naturally; they knew basically everything about each other. Of course, there was one topic that remained painfully secret... for a while. Even though they were very much in love and were sexually active, neither knew of the other's secret fantasies and fetishes. And since they were afraid of what the other might think about their secrets... It took quite a while for them to come out in the open. It all started on a cool Friday night. Jake had been working overtime all week and Andrea was struggling with her new job. Both had been pretty stressed out lately and decided to jump–start their weekend. They booked a table at an expensive restaurant on Greene Street, in the nice part of town.
Andrea slid into her sexy black, off the shoulder, short dress number while Jake stood behind her, struggling to pull on his pants. He was suddenly behind her, stroking her back at the neckline of her revealing dress. She bent over to put on her shoes and he playfully ran his fingers down to her bottom. "Oooooh!" squealed Andrea, "That tickles!" She giggled and Jake caressed her once more, he brought his hands around her narrow waist and ran his fingers across her stomach. She giggled, then doubled over and exclaimed, "Jake, stop that! I'm about to wet myself!" Jake was very taken aback by this remark. He wondered whether or not she had said that to deliberately turn him on. He decided to find out that very night. Andrea rushed into the bathroom, carefully lifted her skirt, and tinkled a cheerful little stream into the toilet. Jake noticed his 'little friend' growing noticeably firmer during Andi's tinkle. He leaned in through the bathroom door in order to watch her go at it, and she looked up at him from her squatting position and grinned sheepishly. "Are you nearly ready?" Jake asked her nonchalantly. Andrea grimaced, and then rose from the porcelain seat.
She grabbed her purse and they were off. Jake was a little disappointed that Andrea was no longer desperate, but he knew what champagne always did to her. And he planned to order the most expensive bubbly that the restaurant offered–just so that she would feel obliged to drink a lot of it.
They rode Jake's motorcycle to Greene Street and then parked it at the corner, just a couple of blocks away from the restaurant. They walked down the fragrant, flower–lined sidewalk, into the building, and to their candle–lit table. Set for two. A penguin–clad waiter appeared and took their orders. Jake grinned mischievously and winked at the waiter. He pointed to the most expensive champagne on the menu and said, "I'd also like some of your famous breadsticks and um... a bottle of this." Andrea peeked over the top edge of Jakes menu, saw what he was pointing to... then saw the price of what he was pointing to. She blushed a little and made a move to stop him, but the waiter had already disappeared once more. Andrea looked at Jake, shocked. "You didn't have to do that," she said. "I wanted to," was his reply. Andrea thought about paying him for it, but it seemed stupid considering that they were living together and sharing expenses anyway. Jake was right... She finally decided that it would just be better to drink it and have a good time.
After sipping their champagne and nibbling on breadsticks for a while, their food arrived. Delicious–looking salads, more champagne, shrimp pasta, even more champagne, and then a rich chocolate dessert that they shared, and polished off with more bubbly. Jake offered more bubbly to Andrea and she politely refused, telling him that he should drink it. After he reminded her that he was driving them home on his cycle, she giggled, and drank it herself. Jake glanced at his watch. It had been nearly two hours since Andrea had started drinking. He wondered if that was long enough to affect her weak bladder. Andrea squirmed in her seat, confirming his suspicions. They finally rose to leave. Jakes wallet was considerably lighter, and just as they reached the doors of the restaurant, Andrea muttered something about using the 'little girls' room' before they left. Jake gently pointed her in the direction of the exit, and said, "Andi, the queue is really long, you'd get there faster if we just headed home now."
Andrea looked in despair in the direction of the restrooms, but then looked up at Jake with interest. She knew that he was up to something. It would take them 15–20 minutes to get home, traffic what it was... even on his motorcycle.
She immediately got goose bumps when they stepped outside in the cool night air. She hugged Jake to stay warm in her short dress. It seemed so much harder to fight those waves of pressure in bladder when she was shivering. Jake walked slowly down the sidewalk to where the motorcycle was parked. Andrea kept her arms wrapped tightly around his waist, trying not to trip in her heels and trying not to lose the contents of her straining bladder. She leaned up to Jake's ear and whispered, "Can we please hurry home? I'm dying for a tinkle." Jake grinned, but said, "Sure." She noticed that he made no effort to speed up, though. By the time they made it to the motorcycle, Andrea was truly desperate. Jake started getting very excited, and he had trouble hiding his 'growing excitement' from Andrea as she tried to mount his motorcycle. She was still shivering and she grimaced as she threw her right leg over the seat. "You're going to have to hurry," she said. "I'm about to wet myself." She tried to climb on behind him, but her straining bladder prevented her from spreading her legs and climbing up there behind him. He helped her to sit in front of him on the seat, but then sat idle for a few moments before leaving. Andrea was obviously getting frustrated, but Jake thought that she also seemed to be enjoying it, to some extent. He cranked his cycle and hoped that she couldn't feel his erection from behind.
He had only been driving for a few minutes, when Andrea decided that the vibration of the cycle was too much and begged him to stop. Traffic was slow anyway, having come to a standstill in some places, so he didn't even bother trying to pull off of the road. Andrea leaned over the handlebars and shoved her right hand into her crotch. But once they started moving again, she had to move it in order to hold on. Jake instructed her to help him steer and he put his hand at her crotch instead. Once again, traffic stopped and Andrea began bouncing up and down in frustration. "Oh God... I'm not going to make it." Jake held her harder. It was awkward trying riding like that– he was glad that the traffic was so moving so slowly that night. Glad for more than one reason.
Jake finally decided to pull over for a while and they stopped in front of some fancy apartments. Andrea was moaning and was in obvious agony, she inhaled deeply and leaned over the handlebars once again. Jake put his arms around her and asked if she was okay. She exhaled shakily in reply. She suddenly stiffened and Jake quickly thrust his hand to her crotch. He detected a little moisture through her dress, so he reached down, under her dress and fingered her through her lacy panties. Andrea tightened herself even more and leaned farther over and Jake massaged her. He used his fingers to stroke her swollen crotch and used his thumb to alternately stroke and press on her hard, knotted tummy. Andrea felt pleasure, but also pain, and at the same time, she was suppressing laughter, she was so ticklish. She gasped loudly and a strong jet of her hot urine surprised Jake as it hit his fingers. He pressed harder on her bladder and was rewarded once again. He then used both hands to caress and massage her and soon her hot urine was flooding down the sides of his motorcycle. Andrea was shaking; from cold, embarrassment, or from being so ticklish– Jake wasn't sure. Finally the flood subsided and Andrea sank weakly against him. It had been agony for her, but it had felt so good. So good... She had often dreamed of wetting herself with Jake, but had never allowed herself to do it, now she had and it had been pure accident. Almost.
Jake was obviously happy. That hardness in the small of her back proved it. She twisted around, put her arms around him and they drew closer. They had erotic... if not awkward sex, oblivious to the passing cars.
Jake became aware of his own state under pressure and soon they were off again. Just as they parked in front of their shared apartment, Jake lost control as well and they shared another memorable experience atop his motorcycle.
Now, they have become completely open to one another and often share wetness; sometimes atop his cycle, just like their first wet experience together. Often, they take his cycle to the coin–op car wash to remove incriminating evidence and while spraying each other with the cold spray from the hose, they warm themselves up a bit.
Enough about Jake and Andrea...
By: Kristen