Some time ago I had a temporary job trying to sell motoring services and products on a motorway service area. The marketing organization I was working for thought that motorists stopping for a break would be a soft target and a captive market. In fact it was a thankless and badly paid job, and most people soon became disheartened and left. I stayed longer than anyone, despite the miserable job, because a few of the people arriving at the service area were desperate for a pee, and this job paid me to stand around and watch for this. Below are the best of these sighting, collected over about six months, together with my thought on what I saw. All of these are true sightings, and I apologize in advance for the lack of a single wetting incident, but I am afraid I did not see one, though this is not to say that there were not some damp knickers hidden from my view.
1. The Girl Students.
A coach party of senior high school girls, all in uniform of grey skirts and coats. I noticed that some of the girls were moving towards the coach door while it was still parking, so I moved as near as I could to watch. As soon as the door was opened a rather plump girl with short brown hair, wearing a long skirt, leapt out and began running towards the main service area buildings, where the toilets were. She was in such a hurry that she got about 5 meters start on all the rest before she came to a stop, legs twisted together, bending forward, holding her stomach (bladder) crying in a despairing voice: "I can't run, it hurts too much." Next behind her was an attractive girl in a tight, short skirt, who was also running. She hesitated as she passed the first girl, saying: "Ohhh, I must, I can't wait," and kept running. At least half the girls on the coach were following her, also running for the toilets. They all passed the first one, who could do no more than hobble along, knees pressed together, at a fast walking pace, holding her stomach and looking very distressed. I can't say for sure, but I think that by the time she reached the Ladies' all of the cubicles would have been occupied and some girls queuing, so she would have had to suffer more, unless her friends let her go first.
2. Girl in a Mini.
Late one morning, a mini–car came into the car park rather faster than usual, and almost screeched to a stop right outside the main building, in an area reserved for disabled parking. The instant it stopped the driver, a girl of about 25 in a tight yellow mini–skirt, leapt out and ran for the ladies. No hesitation, this was obviously a real emergency, and she left the other three girl passengers to lock the car and follow her slowly. They were joking among themselves, and with the driver when she emerged from the ladies, probably about the state she had been in. They stayed for coffee, and then all, including the driver, used the loo before leaving. The back of the driver's skirt was dry, but the front very creased, as if she had been holding her crutch while she was driving.
3. The Group Outing.
This was a coach load of 18 to 30's, probably some sort of social club outing. As the coach arrived I noticed the usual crowded back seat, including two girls very prominently dressed in black and white. By the time the coach had parked these same two girls were standing by the door, very agitated, and the second it was opened they were out and running to the ladies. Both were in their early 20's, slim, dark hair, wearing black skirts. Both ran flat out to the ladies, one holding her bladder area as she ran, (not between her legs, unfortunately,) and kept urging the other to "hurry up!" though I don't think either could have run any faster. The rest of the party followed at a more normal speed, though a lot used the loos, and a group of men were making fun of these two girls when they came out of the ladies. I could see that they had been drinking on the coach, and these girls must have overestimated their capacity badly. The state they were in, it was a marvel they could walk, let alone run.
4. The Shopping Trip, pt 1.
In the month before Christmas there were a number of coaches of women between 20 and 50, heading for town, on what I assumed were shopping trips. These provided some good sightings. A woman about 45, below average height and slim, almost thin, with short brown/grey hair, wearing a brown trouser suit with quite loose fitting trousers. Several coaches had arrived together, so I cannot be sure she was one of the first out of her coach, but she was alone, and walking fast, but not in a completely normal way. As she got closer I could see why. She was absolutely tensed up, from her lips pressed together in a line, through her shoulders hunched up, her hands clenched into tight fists gripping her trousers, to her stiff, almost straight legs which made her walk look unusual. As she passed me, I saw how agitated she looked, then that the cheeks of her bum were clenched tightly together, and I guess she was also curling up her toes. If you had asked an actress to mime 'frantic to have a pee' she could not have made a better job than this poor woman was. She was walking just as fast as she possibly could, and fighting with every ounce of her strength to hold back her pee. When she came out of the ladies she was walking normally, and looked much more relaxed. Her trousers were dry, but I wondered how much longer she could have held on.
5. The Shopping Trip, pt 2.
Another coach load of women shoppers– I was keeping a close watch for these now, as they seemed good prospects. As this coach was parking I could see that some women were already lining up near the door, a good sign, and I was not disappointed. The moment the door was opened three women, all between 25 and 30, slim or average build, all wearing short and fairly tight mini–skirts, almost jumped out, and ran absolutely flat out, and non–stop, to the ladies'. I do not think I have ever seen women running so fast. No shyness about anyone knowing they wanted a loo, nothing mattered to any of them except getting to the ladies' as fast as they possibly could, every second was vital. I have never seen three grown, sober, women, in such an obvious panic to get to the ladies'. Were they on the brink of wetting themselves, or even starting to let spurts go as they ran? It certainly seemed like it, but the pathway was wet, and I could not get close enough to look for wet streaks down their legs. 
6. The Shopping Trip, pt 3.
I nearly missed this sight, as the desperate woman did not conform to the usual behavior and be first out when they stopped. This was a middle–aged woman, just tending to be well built, nothing special to look at, and about a third of the passengers got out before her. I only noticed her when she started running across the car park, not flat out like the girls above, but at a good speed for a woman of her age. She was wearing a long, loose fitting coat, and at first sight she was holding this closed as she ran. When I looked more closely, I saw that it was more than this. One hand was indeed keeping the coat closed, but the other was under the coat and very definitely, and very firmly, pressed between her legs. I managed to get close to her as she ran past, and there was no doubt as to what she was doing. Her right hand was jammed between her legs, and she was trying to use her coat to cover this. Watching her walk back to the coach, I saw that her coat naturally hung closed, and she did not need to hold it at all. I would say that this was someone who was embarrassed to let anyone know she wanted to pee urgently, but was so desperate that she could not get across the car park without having to hold her crutch.
7. The Brownie Mistress.
A coach full of Brownies, with a notice on the windscreen saying they were going to a nearby theme park, for which they should have turned off the motorway at the previous exit, which was clearly signposted. First out of the coach was a brownie mistress, a slim girl about 20, in uniform with a long skirt, followed closely by one Brownie. Lead by the mistress they half ran all the way to the ladies. The rest of the troop, and another, older, mistress, followed at a walk. The older mistress did not use the loo, but waited outside for her younger companion. I was close enough to them when she came out of the loo to hear her say, "I know we have made a detour, but I had to do it. I was reaching the point when I could not have waited any longer." I know that I am not supposed to look at the Brownies, but I could not help noticing that none of them acted as if they were desperate, or even bursting. Certainly not in the state the mistress said she was in. So, did she have an unusually small bladder, or had she had too much coffee before they left? We can only fantasize, and also wonder what would have happened if the driver had taken the correct turning, when it would have been another half hour before they reached the theme park, and then perhaps a queue to get inside. Making the detour to the service area added at least half an hour to their journey, even if the driver knew the way, so it was not something you would do if there were an alternative, so the young mistress must have been really desperate.
8. The Japanese Tourists.
A coach full of young Japanese tourists, maybe some student exchange group, arrived mid afternoon. Some were walking fast towards the main building, but nothing spectacular, and a few stayed on the coach. Two young men in the leading group went into the building, looked round, as if to find the loos, and then, instead of going in them, came back outside and waved towards the coach, pointing inside the building. A short delay, and then three Japanese girls, all in their early twenties, two in jeans, one in a skirt, scrambled out of the coach and began running towards the building. Running fast, if not absolutely flat out, certainly not a gentle jog. The boys were still holding the door open for them, and were waving and encouraging them on. As they reached the door there were waved in and one boy was standing like a traffic policeman, directing the girls into the ladies'. The number of girls that were already in there could well have caused a queue, but I could not confirm this, or how they reacted to it. I never did work out quite what this was all about. Why didn't the girls get out with the rest of their group, assuming they were desperate for a pee? Assuming they could read English, there was a sign above the door of the main building indicating "Toilets, Restaurants, Shops," and even if they could not read it was the obvious place for the toilets. Were they really so desperate that they did not dare stand up or leave the coach until they knew exactly where the ladies' were? Had they been so desperate on the coach that they had made their need obvious, either by legs twisted in a knot, or holding their crutch, which is how the boys found out and were asked to help? I would welcome any ideas about this, because I have never seen anything like it before or since.
One significant thing about all these sightings, except perhaps the last one, was that they all happened in the morning, and they were all what I term 'natural desperation' not induced by excessive beer drinking. This means a long slow build up of bladder pressure, such that in the worst cases they had probably been wanting to pee for nearly two hours, and had passed several service areas, (and toilets!) in that time. Being sober, they would have been far more reticent about letting anyone know their need to pee, and would have been sitting on the coach hoping, as they approached each service area, that this was the stop, perhaps even hoping that someone else would be wanting to go more, and ask the driver to stop. Who would be interested in buying a ticket for a seat next to each of these women, or seeing a video of the last half hour before they stopped? I also used to fantasize about putting up a closed sign on the toilets, and forcing them to either wait or go in the car park, but of course these things cannot be done.
During the time of the 'shopping' coaches, I noticed that there were at least as many not stopping as did stop. Some might have stopped earlier, but it did seem likely that some had not, and it was at least 45 minutes to the next stopping point. Women in the same state as those above would have been, shall we say, in a very interesting condition by then. With hind–sight I should have taken time off and gone to check on this, but at the time it seemed better to be earning money and be certain of some sightings.
Comment, questions, and similar experiences, or just any mail on this subject welcome at Paul_Tester144@Yahoo.co.uk
Paul Tester ( Email Welcome )