Subject: Amanda - a story
	Date: Monday, 17-Jun-96 19:16:02 JST
From: Michelle (Forum User)

Well, folks, here it is, my first attempt at fiction. Maybe my last - hey Sue, Tink, aqua, Joe, Lou, you never told me that writin' hurts! I think there's somethin' of me in Amanda, physically anyway, a small, blue eyed brunette. But I'm not an engineer, nor do I have an IQ somewhere in the stratosphere. Hopefully I also have slightly more dress sense.

Love,

Michelle

PS, If anyone (Thomas, Patches) honestly thinks this is good enough to be published, then I'd be flattered and delighted.

Amanda You could say that she had absolutely everything going for her, attractive, young, a natural brunette with big blue eyes, and a presence, that certain something, that drew men's eyes to her even when there were prettier women in the room. Yet when men spoke of Amanda they did not discuss her neat little butt - they admired her for her brain. Perversely, this sometimes annoyed her. After all, she was born with her brain, while her neat little butt was the result of a strict daily exercise routine and three visits to the gym per week.

Also, if you are an efficient, capable, intelligent, sometimes brilliant, young female engineer, you kill the spirit of chivalry stone dead. Amanda could cope perfectly well by herself, thank you. Offered male assistance might be scornfully refused, even considered offensive. Doors were not opened for Amanda, loads not carried. even the mild flirtations, the rather clumsy but well meant compliments, that were offered to her female workmates, did not come her way. Men were, to be frank, a bit scared of her. As a feminist, and a firm believer in gender equality, she could only approve.

As a woman she was not so sure. Fit though she was, she weighed only 115lb, and carrying piles of technical books and reports was a drag. Her image, self and public, required that she did not burst into tears, did not giggle, nor play the silly, flirty games in which a pretty little piece in her early twenties could normally indulge. Nor did she get many dates. Male perceptions said that a woman with an IQ somewhere in the stratosphere wouldn't be interested in sex, or at least sex with them. Ridiculous, of course. If sex drive were in inverse proportion to intelligence, then the human race would quickly become very stupid indeed.

Maybe, she reflected, it had. Meetings were a drag. A whole day of meetings, in which, as a very junior and intelligent woman, she had to listen to the ramblings of very senior and stupid men, had left her with a sick headache, and a tricky little design problem, unable to be tackled today, which she would have to take home and look at in the evening. She did not feel good.

'Hey, Amanda,' the voice was happy, gurgly - Moira, the temp, a cheery, sexy little blonde who spoke to all, director or office junior, in the same happy, irreverent way. There had been rumors that Moira could become more than friendly, with little persuasion. If anything, that made Amanda like her more, and she went over to chat with a genuine smile.

'I was going out with a friend tonight,' Moira continued, 'but she had to call off. Fancy coming along?'

'Where?'

'Just out for a drink. Maybe meet some men. Don't really like to go for drinkies all by my little self.'

Too busy... hell, what was she thinking! She'd get the work done, no problem, then a night out. Meet some men, sounded good. The last few times Amanda had met men, nothing had come of it. She'd found something just a bit too clever to say, scared them off. Ah well, if at first... She wanted to meet some men... To be perfectly honest, she wanted laid. She smiled back and arrangements were made.

Amanda sighed, and ruefully surveyed the pile of papers on her table. The problem had been analysed thoroughly, inputs and outputs defined, but still the solution eluded her. Just time to bathe and change. Tonite, she decided, wasn't for being clever. If she spoke too much, she'd give herself away. Just be quiet and look pretty. Open up these big blue eyes - she studied herself in a mirror - still not right. Of course, still in office clothes.

Quick bath and change. The very back of her wardrobe yielded a little party dress, all flounces and frills, which she hadn't worn since she was eighteen. Far too short, of course, her pretty, white lace undies would show unless she sat carefully. She had no intention of sitting carefully. Final effect - she put her feminist qualms firmly behind her - as bedable a little bimbo as ever flashed a shapely leg.

Moira, she decided, was the ultimate flirt. Even had she wanted to, Amanda doubted if she could've got a word in. A group of males had quickly gathered round, but it was the cheery blonde who was getting the attention, while her quiet, dark companion sat sipping her club soda, ignored by all.

'Er... excuse me.' She'd noticed him before, silent, shy, seemingly lost in the chattering, wisecracking group that surrounded her friend. Maybe he was a bit dim, unable to contribute without making a fool of himself, but he was nice. Quite good looking too, she noted with approval, kept himself in shape. She didn't answer but gave him the big blue eyes treatment. This didn't have the desired effect, instead reducing him to stuttering incoherence.

'W-would you like another drink?' he managed at last.

'No thanks, only started this one,' she smiled. 'Hello, by the way, I'm ....Mandy.' Quietly she congratulated herself. Highly efficient young women might be called Amanda, unthreatening bimbos were called Mandy.

'I'm Tim,' he managed. She waited. She waited some more. It would appear his store of small talk was exhausted. She opened her eyes still wider and allowed her hemline to slip up to danger level.

'Hello Tim,' she said. Sparkling dialog, she thought. Still, she liked having him beside her, he replenished her drink when it was finished, and eventually they spoke haltingly about pop music and films and television soaps, the sort of things a bimbo would know about. And her hand was in his, exchanging gentle squeezes. Time to go home. Moira left, still effervescent, three swains vying for her attention.

Had she decided which one to bed, Amanda wondered, or was she about to oblige all three of them? How far was she, herself, about to go with Tim? Probably not all the way, she decided, not unless she stunned him and carried him bodily into her bed. At least she was being driven home, with doors being opened for her, helped carefully in and out of the auto. Nice.

Tim and Am... Mandy stood on the latter's doorstep, exchanging shy kisses. 'Dinner tomorrow night, th-then maybe a nightclub?' he stammered.

'Lovely, like to come in for....'

'Pick you up at eight then?' A final peck on her lips and he was gone. Damn! Still, tomorrow should be fun, provided she remembered to be Mandy, and not Amanda.

Friday. Why were Fridays always so stressful? Not helped by her leaving work in hand at home - still, she wouldn't have had time for her design problem anyway. Moira relaxed, feline, the very picture of a woman who'd had her needs well and truly attended to. Finished at last. Hairdresser on the way home, a glance in the mirror cheering her up. Yes, whatever else, she was kinda cute.

So, how does a bimbo called Mandy dress a dinner and nightclub date? In very little. An outfit bought out of bravado, to cheer herself up, that she never thought she'd have the nerve to wear. Real tight, stretchy green pants, stopping mid thigh, a matching skimpy top that showed most of her midriff and could only be worn bra-less. Fishnet hold-ups and her black fuck-me pumps. G-string? No, panty-lines were kinda provocative, and would emphasise her pert bum. Satiny, red tanga panties. The end result looked at herself in a mirror and wondered if it was a bit OTT. No, Mandy was a pretty little bimbo, and she was having a flaunt!

Helped ever so carefully downstairs and into his auto, all but carried on his arm into the restaurant, her every need (bar possibly one) attended to, Am... Mandy was enjoying herself. If anything he was a bit too attentive. Treating her like an idiot? No, that was unfair. She was being looked after, possibly even babied, but she was loving every second. The only fly in her ointment was that her headache wouldn't go away. Dehydration, possibly? The merest glance at her glass and another club soda was immediately at her elbow. This sort of attention was nice!

On to the nightclub. A floorshow, with a rather poor, somewhat crude, comic. Amanda wouldn't have been amused. Mandy roared with laughter. Dangerous after all those club sodas, but she decided not to visit the restroom just yet. It was a minor and naughty little habit, but she liked the sensation of a full bladder, got sexually aroused, and sometimes held it for a little too long. Not that a sensible, self controlled young lady like Amanda would actually have an accident but, well, there had been a few close calls...

Now the disco. Slow dances, intimate. Indeed, Tim and Mandy were getting very intimate. Had he not known before that she was bra-less, and he would have had to be blind not to, he certainly knew now. Between petting sessions, they danced, and sometimes she would be asked on the floor by someone else, but she behaved herself, mostly. Mandy, of course, would never allow a man other than her escort to place a hand on her bum, it was just that her tiny brain took at least sixty seconds to register the sensation.

And anyway, with her cute figure, skin-tight pants and sexy panty lines, she could hardly blame those who tried. She was hot! As Amanda, she hadn't had sex for three weeks, as Mandy she was going to get screwed, and soon! Pity about the headache, but the fire in her groin all but swamped it. Enjoying herself far to much to visit the john... No, better go. She excused herself. Tim offered to escort her. No, that was too much! Mandy might be a bimbo, but she could find her way to the washroom by herself. Could hardly miss it. Queue a mile long. She looked at her watch, nearly time to go, in fact they were announcing the last dance. Couldn't miss that. She abandoned her purpose and ran back to her soon-to-be lover's arms.

Amanda would somehow have made it, no matter how painful the pressure in her bladder became. But she had released her alter-ego, Mandy, empty headed, rather babyish little bimbo with little or no self control. As the crowd left the hall, she found herself wriggling, one hand sliding over a buttock and clutching between her legs, the thumb of the other involuntarily entering her mouth. Her muscles relaxed, and she felt the first spurt fill her panties, soak through into her pants. Tim, his arm round her, looking into her eyes, had to know, but she could easily have concealed the embarrassing little accident from everyone else.

Except she wasn't embarrassed. She felt wonderful, elated, incredibly sexy, and her headache was disappearing like magic! OK, Tim had been babying her all evening, now he could do it for real.

'A blug ag glub,' she said. She took her thumb out of her mouth and tried again.

'Oh my God! Tim, I'm wetting myself!' Heads turned. The first spurt might have been an accident, the second was gloriously deliberate. Her pants were soaked at the back, with big wet patches at the front and down her thighs.

'I can't believe I'm doing this!' More heads turned. The centre of attention, and loving every second, she squirmed in her wet pants, playing with herself, approaching but not quite achieving climax, but not peeing any more. No longer bursting, her bladder was comfortably full, and she wasn't about to waste it. Considerate, comforting, his hard cock pressing against his pants, her companion escorted her to the auto, finding a plastic bag and old auto-rug in the trunk to protect the seat, managing, miraculously, not to crash on the way home as she wriggled beside him, squeezing her nipples, sliding her tight pants over her hips and frigging herself thru her soaked panties. He stopped the auto outside her block and watched her finish herself off.

'Oooooh,' she purred, 'I'm sorry about that, Tim.'

'No you're not, and neither am I. That was the most erotic thing I've ever seen. Can you walk to your condo?'

'Rather be carried. Kiss me real hard first.'

'Promise not to pee on my upholstery?'

'No.'

'Kisses can wait, then.' He opened her door, adjusted her clothing, and lifted her easily out of the auto, closing and locking the doors with her in his arms. Light as she was, it was an impressive feat of strength, and she gurgled her appreciation. Big strong man to look after Mandy. Amanda the feminist was on another planet. Delightedly, she made little splashes on the sidewalk as he carried her to the building. But not in the lift - she would have to use it in the morning. He put her down, got her key from her purse, then carried her across the threshold.

'Hey, she protested, where are you going?'

'Bathroom, to clean you up.'

'Take me to bed.'

'The mattress'll get ruined.'

'No it won't,' for the first time that evening, Mandy blushed. Amanda had put a cover on the mattress after a casual lover had given her a particularly messy g-spot climax. The squirting ecstasy had never been repeated (unfortunately) but the cover remained.

'Got a mattress protector,' Mandy whispered, and was promptly dropped on the bed and kissed and fondled thoroughly.

'Best get your clothes....' her voice tailed away. Not only was Tim naked, and, she noted, rather well endowed, but she appeared to be down to her hold-ups and panties. The latter were beginning to cool, and she anointed them with another gush.

'God, that turns me on,' gasped Tim, rather clearly considering he had a mouthful of nipple. Wasted breath, thought Mandy, his bobbing cock said it all for him.

'Not yet,' she chided, halting the flow. Keep sucking. I'll tell you when. His fingers found her clit, and she surrendered herself to the double stimulation. She was cumming, cumming...

'Now,' she gasped, anointing his fingers with another spurt.

'No, not quite yet.' He withdrew his probing finger and started to stroke her through the soaking red material of her panties.

'Now! Now! Now! Now! NOW!!'

'Yes, now! Lift your bum, darling.'

'Never mind that. Fuck me thru the leg as I wet them. Put in the plug. Now, Tim, now!!!'

Gasping, panting, they writhed on the soiled bed. She had never been fucked this hard before and expected him to cum almost right away, but he held back, and held back. Orgasm! She screamed, dug fingernails into his back, arched to meet him, felt herself building, building.

Full g-spot climax! Was she peeing or squirting? She knew not, nor did she care. Her world was bounded by his thrusting cock, the rasp of his chest hair on her nipples, her own wild, uncontrolled convulsions. And into all this he ejaculated, doubling her pleasure. She screamed, they slowed, a gentle luxurious rhythm as they drained every last drop of sensation from their coupling. They stopped, he withdrew, and stood by the bed looking down at her as she calmly, blissfully, emptied her bladder on to the saturated bedsheets.

'Are you quite finished?' he asked gently.

'Hardly started.'

'We'll call a time-out. I'll run a bath.'

She lay in the perfumed water, totally relaxed. Coolly analysed, her behaviour had been weird, stupid to the point of imbecility. Not only had she quite deliberately urinated in her clothes like a two year old, she had done so publicly, calling on all around to witness the act. And she couldn't bring herself to regret it! It had been a relief, a release from all the tension of her everyday existence. And how about Tim? Did he see through the pretense, or did he consider this normal behaviour? Certainly a man will play along with almost anything if his libido is tickled, and her pee games had turned him on. Was he pretending? No.... She listened to the tuneless, rather mindless humming from the bedroom as he changed the sheets. The poor sweet guy was simply a bit dumb. Then he was with her, helping her out of the bath, drying her carefully and dusting her with talc, leading her by the hand to the fresh, clean bed.

'Want a coffee, darling?' he asked.

'No, pet, it's 4am. I think I want to sleep.'

'Do you diaper at night?'

The question shook her, but she bit back an angry retort. If he believed this evening to be her normal behaviour, the question was perfectly logical.

'No,' she said gently. 'I'll sleep in your arms. Hold me.'

The morning sun shone through the curtains as she opened her eyes and welcomed the new day with more enthusiasm than she had felt for a long while. He was on his back, snoring gently. Fondly she kissed his flaccid organ. Stirring, definitely stirring, firming up very nicely indeed. She gave him some gentle head, but didn't take him right into her mouth. She wanted it in her cunt! His eyes flickered open and he smiled as she knelt astride him, her sex just brushing his cock, then leaned forward for a kiss, her hard nipples pressing against his firm chest.

She was tempted to pee on him, give him a golden shower, but decided against it. She had messed quite enough bedding for one night. Instead she lowered herself ever so gently on to him, wiggling her ass, tightening her buttocks to maximise contact. Soon she was bouncing joyfully, timing each bounce to his fierce thrust, making happy, noisy, exuberant love. It was Amanda's favorite position, woman on top. Mandy kinda liked it too. Faster, faster still, she was cumming, cumming, fast and fierce, a sudden ecstatic pause, then a wild, thrashing, simultaneous orgasm. Thank you very much. Exactly what she wanted. Except, not quite as good as last night. Oh well.

Whatever else, she decided as he brought her breakfast in bed, he was house-trained! An unfortunate choice of term, perhaps... No, she still felt no shame at all about her behaviour. Suddenly she noticed he was fully dressed.

'Got to go soon,' he apologised. 'When can I see you again?'

She swallowed a lump in her throat. Going out as Mandy, she had found Mandy's perfect mate, but he wouldn't do for Amanda. Sweet, and sexually skilled as he was, she also demanded a mate who matched up to her intellectually. With Tim, she'd only get bored.

'Not looking for a relationship Tim,' she heard herself say, in Amanda's voice.

'Can we see each other occasionally?'

'Give me a call.' If he did, she decided regretfully, she'd be washing her hair.

Amanda heard the door close, slipped out of bed, stood for a moment naked by the window, proud of her body, then showered and dressed in casual weekend clothes, sensible blue cotton undies, old denim jeans and a sloppy top. It had been nice, she decided, but as well to end it cleanly. She had certainly discovered something about herself - also the ideal cure for a tension headache. Ideal but messy, she thought ruefully, looking at the small damp spot which seemed to have developed involuntarily at the crotch of her jeans. Maybe she should invest in some diapers after all. She got a towel and placed it on the hard seat beside the table....

And stopped dead. Her design problem! It had been there all the time, while she had been pretending to be Mandy the brainless bimbo. He must've seen it! Still... He was so dumb, he wouldn't have known what it was, probably thought it was a doodle. She picked up the top sheet.

Her problem was solved! There, neatly sketched, without a change or deletion, a neat, simple solution. She paused for a moment, the complete professional, enjoying the sheer elegance of the design, then carefully checked the maths below, a complete, thorough analysis. Then the implications hit her. She wasn't the only one who'd been playing a game! Quickly she checked the final lines, hardly aware that she was saturating the towel beneath her, then turned the page and gave her panties a final, orgasmic squirt.

He'd left his phone number!

