Cherry went to sit down at the computer. She wanted another wet session, so she logged onto the Internet to look at some sexy pictures of other women peeing and getting desperate. She liked that because earlier she had drunk two large mugs of orange juice in quick succession. She was wearing a pair of white jeans and a sky blue top and had placed a large towel underneath her. While on her seat, she started fidgeting slightly. That felt good, shifting on her bum. She was beginning to enjoy herself. Then she logged on to a chatroom of one of her favorite fetish sites. She began talking to someone who was known only as username Demon.
"How are you today?" she asked.
"I'm just fine, thanks. How wet are you?" said Demon.
"Just started," said Cherry. She felt she was going to have a great time. The pair continued talking away.
"Do you like to be desperate?" Demon asked.
"Most of the time, particularly right now, lol!" Cherry replied.
"I like to wait until I have to go to the toilet. I don't like having accidents," said Demon.
"The thrill of it is when you hold it until it's too late," Cherry said with a giggle. "If I'm on my own when I'm desperate, I sometimes put my hand to my pussy and then wank myself off. I get the most delicious orgasm, which makes me pee hard afterwards, hmmm."
"Sick bitch, lololol!" Demon laughed. "That must be great. When I was a kid, I was known in my neighborhood and in school as the Wet Kid– I often wet my pants at regular periods, even when I was at home."
"Why was that?" asked Cherry.
"I don't know– I had wet myself on the way home from primary school one day. I was embarrassed at first, but afterwards I liked it and found it very exciting."
"I didn't often wet myself when I was young. I was more into desperation," said Cherry. "I used to hide inside a cubicle in the girls' toilets at school on break times so I could make myself wait a lot longer. I hated using toilets away from home, so I often make myself wait all day until it was time to go home."
The pair continued their conversation when Cherry started to become desperate. She crossed her legs and started bouncing up and down on her chair. "I need to go," she said.
"How far in are you?" asked Demon.
"Quite far in, but I'm not too desperate yet," she replied. She was beginning to feel the effects of the orange juice going to her bladder. She continued bouncing in her seat, clearly trying to continue her typing, but her discomfort was almost getting the better of her.
"You okay?" asked Demon. "Your typing is a bit bad!"
"I really need to go now!" replied a distressed Cherry.
"Okay, I'll set you a challenge– try to hold in your wee in for as long as you can. If you last an hour, I'll give you a gold star!" said Demon.
Cherry accepted the challenge. "You're on." For half an hour, Cherry had wriggled, fidgeted and squirmed in her seat. The desperation was getting wilder now. She continued to tell her chatroom friend about her predicament. Soon, it got so bad that she jammed one hand between her legs and gave her pussy a good squeeze whilst trying to continue typing. Suddenly, she gasped, and felt a little jet of wee leak into her knickers. "I've leaked," she said.
"Try to hold on for me, please," Demon pleaded.
"I'll try, but it'll be difficult," Cherry said. She continued to sit and fidget on her seat, with legs crossed and bouncing repeatedly. "Awww...I need to go so badly!" she thought. Ten minutes later, she was extremely desperate and was flexing her bladder muscles in a bid to hold her wee in.
"You still in trouble?" asked Demon.
"I'm literally wetting my pants," Cherry replied weakly. She was shaking all over, with both her hands were jammed in between her crossed legs. Suddenly, she let go another jet of wee, which soaked her knickers. She looked down to see a small wet patch form in the crotch of her white jeans. "I've just leaked again, but it feels great," she said.
"I wish I could see you in your current predicament!" Demon joked. That's the beauty of Internet chatrooms– two or more people can talk to each other whilst retaining complete anonymity.
Cherry was also heading towards the point of no return– she felt more wee soak her bottom. She looked down at the widening wet patch. "I'm getting wetter now!" she gasped. She kept trying to hold her wee in through continued flexing of her bladder muscles, but she continued to leak into her jeans. "I'm not going to make it," she told Demon on the computer. With that she widened her legs on the chair and felt the urine start to soak her bottom and towel. She described to Demon what was happening. "Ahhhhh, it's great– I'm feeling the wetness down there." She gave a huge sigh of relief of letting go her wee, which took nearly a minute. "Same time next week?" she asked Demon.
"You bet!" Demon replied, and with that she left the chatroom and turned off her computer.
Neville