A Sighting
	Date: 21 July 1997
by Steve

I love to go to outdoor music festivals where the chicks are usually too drunk to care WHERE they go. Once I caught an INCREDIBLE view of a young brunette college-age girl, all dressed up in a long white, full, lacy dress (for some reason).I had just finished peeing myself when I turned around and walked down a wooded hillside. She stepped off the trail and lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down to her knees, and squatted. She was lithe and trim, and I was transfixed by the beauty of the sight. She crouched there with her sheer white panties around her knees and held her skirt bunched up around her waist. An urgent, thick stream of clear beer pee shot out from her crotch and spurted forward between her ankles.

By walking down the trail a little, stopping, and looking back up, I got a superb view all the way up between her legs to where a clear, strong jet of urine jetted unstoppably from her pussy. The stream was thick and hard- she must have been holding it for some time! It was deflected just a little to her right, but not enough to endanger her dainty shoes. I couldn't hide my interest, so I smiled and said inanely "You're beautiful". 

Amazingly, she sort of smiled back shyly in an embarrassed way! I'll never forget the sight of that exquisite young woman with her dress around her waist and that arcing feminine gusher of watery piss shooting forward about two feet between her calves, and her curvy bare bottom and thighs - let alone that fuzzy brown muff. One of the best views of the mysterious process of outdoor feminine urination I have ever gotten - and it was all her fault! She seemed not mad at all, and didn't even mind my staring. In hindsight, I guess I should have stopped and introduced myself...

