We had agreed to meet for lunch. I had picked out an Italian restaurant. Melanie looked exquisite. She was dressed in a tight gray skirt which came to her knees, and a white silk blouse... She sat down next to me. We talked, we ate... during the meal, her hand found its way to my thigh... You said, "You have no idea just how long it's been since I've been satisfied." To which I reacted by feeling myself get very hard. Although I said nothing, it has been a very long time since my own sexual satisfaction.
Melanie then whispered in my ear, "I've worn something just for you. It's an all–in–one bra and panty girdle. It is so tight that I can barely breathe." What that bit of preliminary teasing she returned to her meal... When we were done, and I had paid the check, we began to leave the restaurant. Melanie stopped and told me that because her girdle was so tight, she had to pee. I suggested that she might want to wait. Much to my surprise she did.
We then got into my car to return to your house. Melanie sat in the passenger's seat with her long elegant legs tightly crossed. As we drove, I put my hand on her thigh, and she parted her legs slightly. My hand moved up the inside of her thigh, and I could feel the legs of her girdle. Just as my hand reached her crotch, she crossed her legs over my hand. "This girdle is pressing on my bladder, and I have to pee." she said in a tight voice. Her crossed legs pressed my hand into her crotch, and she pressed herself against my hands.
We got to her apartment complex, and parked in the lot. I leaned over to kiss her, and after a moment she broke the kiss, and told me that she had to get into the house now. We got out of the car, and as we walked to her apartment, I could see her walk with her thighs pressed together. 
As we walked in the front door, she began to run for the bathroom, but I grabbed her, and we kissed, long and hard... we were grinding ourselves into each other, as we had both been "deprived" for quite some time. Melanie broke the kiss, and whispered into my ear, "Please, let me get to the bathroom. And I want you so badly."
Slowly and carefully, I unbutton her blouse so that I could see her beautiful breasts encased in your lacy bra which is also the top of your girdle. I can see her hard nipples through the lace. My mouth goes to your nipples, and through the fabric of your bra, I take the nipple in my mouth. As I do so, I can feel it increase in size and begin to throb. 
"Please, please," Melanie said quietly, a her breasts came into view. I go to work on them, kissing them, sucking them, biting the nipples, and caressing them lovingly. All the while you are rubbing your thighs together. Your hips are swaying, and you are grinding yourself into me as I kiss your breasts. "More, I need it so badly, and I can't hold my pee much longer" you whisper hoarsely. There will be more to come, all in good time. 
I now begin to remove your skirt, and it falls to the floor, and you kick it aside. 
You are wearing a black pantyhose, higher heels than you've worn for a while, and a very tight long leg bra/ panty girdle over your pantyhose. The girdle has a slit at the crotch for easy access. I can smell your arousal, and I can see a wet spot at the girdle's crotch. You stand with your legs apart, and my hand goes directly to your crotch as I press my fingers against you through the fabric. She moaned, as she pressed against my hands like a mad woman. 
"Please take it off, it's so tight," you request. "I haven't worn one in years, and it's just killing me." You take my hand and place it between your legs, and cover it with your own, bending slightly at the waist. "I'm going to pee in my pants." she cried.
"I just can't hold my pee," She started toward the bathroom, and at the same time tried to take off the girdle. I took her hands away. "If you do that again, I'll restrain you," I tell her. She takes her hands away. "Please, I gotta pee now." she pleads. Melanie is beginning to get a little on the frantic side. When she gets this way, her orgasm is ever more intense. She almost cannot control herself, and her hands go the girdle again.
"I told you what would happen if you tried that again," I stated, as I took your hands and gently, but firmly tied them behind her. "You're not ready yet. Be patient." 
"Oh, my God, I'm going to pee in my pants," she cried as she ran to the bathroom with her hands bound behind her. Melanie was frantic as she tugged and pulled at the all in one girdle, but couldn't get it to move. Her legs were clamped together, and bent at the waist. "Please help me get this girdle off... pull my pantyhose down." she whimpered. I could see her bladder bulge through her underwear.
She then realized that she would not be able to remove her girdle or pull down her pantyhose. Melanie then straddled the toilet. Before she could let loose, I began touching her through the crotch of her underwear. She pushed herself against my hand, moaning and humping my hand. With a heave of her chest, and a deep guttural moan, she began to orgasm. As the orgasm became more intense, she lost all control and began to pee in my hand. She peed in hard torrents as she writhed against her restraints; her pee streaming through the crotch of her underwear. 
It took a few minutes for Melanie to collect herself. I thought for a moment that Melanie was going to blow her stack, and start yelling at me for making her pee in her pants. Her first words were: "I have never come like that before. Untie me, and get me some more water to drink. I think I have an even tighter girdle in my dresser."
Phil