Title: Red Hot Blues

By: Alura

Weary to death of his secluded life, Frank decided it was high time to venture out into the world again. After all, it had been months since his breakdown, and the medication was working wonders on his depression. The first warm night of spring beckoned irresistibly and he longed for company, especially of the female persuasion. Although he would only be able to drink non-alcoholic beverages due to the warnings on the prescription, he decided to go to a nearby pub to check out a local blues band he'd heard good things about, and maybe meet a woman ... who knows?

As he dressed in a silky charcoal shirt and well-fitting black jeans, he could feel himself getting more and more nervous about venturing out. And -- damn, he had to pee AGAIN! Grabbing his dick firmly, he yanked his fly down as he ran to the bathroom - but the flow started before he made it to the toilet, splashing on the tiles before he got aimed correctly. For the third time in an hour, a huge torrent of pee splattered noisily into the toilet, even though he had drunk nothing all afternoon in anticipation of his outing.

He sighed anxiously as he waited for the pee to stop. Unfortunately, the anti-depressant caused him to urinate much more frequently and voluminously than normal, and the need usually came in an overwhelming surge with little or no warning. More than a few times recently he had barely made it to the bathroom in time, and often the flow started before he unzipped his fly. In a crowded bar, this problem could be disastrous, especially since this side effect seemed intensified by his nervousness. Again, he considered staying home to avoid possible embarrassment.

Finally finished - for good, this time, he hoped - he zipped up, washed his hands and ran his fingers through his longish, curly hair. Studying the damp spot made by his most recent leak, he decided his jeans were dark enough that no one would be the wiser if he had a slight accident -- and that getting out was necessary, before he became a complete hermit. Decisively he threw on his coat and walked out to his car.

Ten minutes later, unbelievably, the urge hit again like an overwhelming nervous tickle. He tried to ignore it, thinking he should at least try to hold it - but found himself pulling over abruptly as a spurt escaped in spite of his efforts. Fortunately it was a small back road! Flinging open the door, he struggled to open his coat and zipper before the damage was too extensive. There was only a small spot on his pants, barely noticeable. The puddle he left on the side of the road was quite impressive. His bladder pleasantly empty again, he jumped back into his car and continued his journey.

The pub was comfortingly dark and smoky and full of chattering people as the band set up. It was like old times, back when Frank was a pianist at a jazz club. No prescription meds back then, just recreational drugs, lots of booze and lots of women; none of this ridiculous anxiety about the state of his psyche ... or his bladder. He remembered countless nights of drinking six or more pints while banging at the keyboard non-stop, playing for hours at a time, not even realizing how full his bladder was until he stood up. A hasty exit and one incredibly long gusher took care of it all. He could store gallons back then and hardly even notice. Sighing fondly at the memory, he gave the band an envious glance and looked around for a seat near the men's room.

Swinging onto a conveniently located barstool, he started to order a club soda - then thought, 'What the hell, one drink can't hurt.' 

Recklessly, he ordered a pint of Guinness and savored a mouthful of the tall, dark brew. First one in months, and it sure tasted good.

The excellent blues band started up and Frank found himself pounding rhythmically on the bar, happy to be part of the familiar scene again -- albeit anonymously. He could just relax and ease back into life. He sighed and felt his anxieties evaporate in the comfortable atmosphere.

The place was filling up rapidly. Attractive women of all ages started wiggling on the dance floor just a few feet away. Frank watched appreciatively, absentmindedly guzzling his drink and feeling other nostalgic stirrings: the warm, giddy spin of the alcohol, the almost-forgotten tingling of lust. He realized with a pleasant shock that he had a burgeoning hard-on. Well, well, well ... he didn't even know he was still capable after all he'd been through. The blues had that effect on him. Many a time he'd played entire sets with a screaming erection, practically coming in his pants occasionally; the music just did that to him.

The gyrating women and the booze were certainly enhancing the familiar response. One woman in particular caught his eye and smiled invitingly; she was wearing short red stretch velvet skirt, black thigh-highs and a sheer black top through which her lacy black bra was enticingly visible. Frank shifted on his stool, feeling his erection flourish as her velvety behind twitched nearer and nearer. She had the sensuous rhythm and feel of the music down, that was for certain. Tossing her shiny black hair back from her eyes, she returned Frank's smitten stare with a seductive wink.

He gave her a tentative smile and squirmed on the barstool again. Oh God, he had to pee. That damned prescription! The fact that he had drunk that entire beer in about 10 minutes flat probably didn't help any. Anxiously he rose to his feet and started to move towards the men's room.

"Looking for me, I hope?" The lovely thing with red skirt and black hair brushed up against him teasingly, grabbing his hands without waiting for a response. The music slowed to a sensuous, grind-up-against-a-wall blues tune and her movements were unbelievably erotic. His penis responded enthusiastically, springing to full attention.

"Um ... I should really hit the men's room ..." he muttered diffidently.

"What?" she almost yelled over the pulsing music. He shrugged and reluctantly started to pull away as he felt a warning spurt of pee make its way out the end of his hard-on. With a smooth move she yanked him back to her and wrapped herself around him, guiding his hands to her backside. Their groins were level as she writhed against him, causing his erection to swell to enormous proportions within seconds and effectively stopping the leak. They danced together wordlessly for a few moments.

In spite of his nervousness and discomfort, Frank was spellbound by her sultry appearance and obvious attraction to him. One urge was definitely winning out over the other at this point. She put her soft, warm mouth to his ear and purred deliciously, "My name is Talia, and my God, you feel huge -- and that damp spot on your jeans is driving me wild. I don't mind admitting my panties are in a similar state, thanks to you. Honestly, I don't usually jump total strangers, but I just might make an exception in your case. Are you game?"

Frank's penis throbbed insistently against her, wildly agreeing with her suggestion. She pressed up against him firmly in response and he could feel his bladder spasm and swell even bigger ... but with this raging hard-on maybe he could manage to hold it if it happened really, really soon. Eager drops of semen were already oozing from the tip, further damping his jeans. His breathing was labored from both his desire and the intense effort to contain his pee. She kissed his neck and earlobe skillfully and he heard himself respond, "You bet I'm game, gorgeous."

Talia's smile was radiant. "Great. Let's go." Taking his hand, she led him from the packed dance floor. Frank's bladder protested violently as they passed the men's room on their way to the back exit, and he stopped dead as it rebelliously tried to force out another spurt of pee. But - "What are you waiting for? Come on!" Talia urged throatily, and blindly he obeyed, although walking was increasingly difficult.

Every step jarred his teeming bladder; he chewed his lip and felt his eyes start to sting at the poignant ache in his pelvis. Thank God for the incredibly intense erection, or he would have peed all over the place by now, possibly flooding the entire club. It felt like the Atlantic Ocean was pounding at the base of his dick, peremptorily determined to exit in the very near future.

Oblivious to his pain, she pushed out the back door into a tiny alley. "Right here," she whispered, hiking her skirt way up and leaning her back against the building wall. The creamy white softness of her thighs showed between the lacy tops of her black stay-ups and her skin-tight red Lycra panties, and his desire redoubled at the sight. "God, I'm dying for you," she breathed. She wriggled out of her panties - which indeed had a telltale wet spot - and let them drop to the ground, running her tongue over her lips in anticipation. "See? I'm absolutely drenched."

Frank sighed and squirmed uneasily at the word 'drenched,' but manfully unzipped to reveal his hugely inflamed goods. "Hurry, hurry, hurry," he panted, feeling that he was about to explode in more ways than one. He desperately wanted to get off between those beautiful thighs ... and then, just as desperately ... well, he just hoped he could hold on long enough to water the wall instead of her when it was over.

"Oooooh, it's perfect," Talia moaned at the sight of his dick. "Don't be in such a hurry."

"I can't help it," he groaned in agony, "I can't wait!" Frantically he shoved himself between her thighs, whimpering as he poked around awkwardly for the entrance. "For God's sake, hurry!" he rasped, on the verge of hysteria. "I can't stand it much longer!"

Flattered by his impatience, she obligingly guided him. Both gasped as he slid into her in one smooth, intense stroke. His orgasm was immediate, explosive. He yelled out loud and buried his face in her shoulder, almost sobbing with relief. "Hey, hey, wait for me!" she chided breathlessly, thrusting herself frenziedly against his hugely inflated bladder.

"Oh God ..." he groaned, horrified as the Atlantic Ocean surged furiously at the base of his penis. He was starting to pee and he was still inside her! Abruptly he yanked himself out of her, just as the torrential explosion of urine burst forth. He had no control over its destination; it smashed against her clitoris in an urgent, forceful stream. She gave a sharp gasp of surprise, her expression shocked and bewildered.

Horrified, humiliated beyond belief, he started to move away. To his amazement Talia seized his hand and forced him to stay on target, pulling him even closer so that the uncontrollable gush pounded directly onto her clitoris. Wildly excited by the sensation, she moaned and gasped as the hot geyser brought her to one rapid climax, then another. The volume was immense, taking a full minute to lose its force. Easily a gallon, Frank guessed dazedly as his bladder gratefully deflated. How the hell does one pint of ale become a gallon of piss?

Talia was not complaining, however. As his stream dwindled at last, so did her moans. They stood facing each other in the alley, panting and stunned. "I can't believe it," she murmured, her head lolling ecstatically. "That's exactly what I fantasize about in the tub. But that was much better than the bathtub faucet." She winked at him dreamily, deeply satisfied. "It stayed nice and hot all the way through!" Pulling him close to her for a warm embrace, she whispered into his ear, "Look, I know you didn't do that on purpose, but it was incredible. I'd love to do it again sometime, if you don't mind."

"No problem," Frank chuckled, unspeakably relieved on several levels. Things were definitely looking up again.

