Kim was in that blissful state between sleep and wakefullness. She slowly became aware of the sun gently shining down on her and the wind rustling through the trees. Snuggling up to the warm body next to her and gradually forcing open one eyelid she realized that she had fallen asleep on the double hammock with her friend Mike. Sneaking a peek at her watch she was amazed to see that they had been asleep for nearly two hours. They'd gone through a small cooler of rum and coke earlier in the day, although they'd been smart enough to drink a lot of water too.
Kim still couldn't believe that here she was, lying on a hammock in the grounds of a huge villa on a Caribbean island. Mike was a software designer who'd made his money in a dot–com before they went under and had spent some of the proceeds on this near–mansion. Even though they had only been dating for a few months, Kim had jumped at the offer to spend Christmas in the Caribbean and was having the time of her life. Seeing Mike stirring she leant over and gave him a quick kiss on the forehead before intending to slide off and gather her stuff.
Mike was too quick for her and wrapped his arms around her body and they launched into a long and passionate kiss. The pressure of his body against hers suddenly made her aware of just how full her bladder was. Slowly disentangling herself she attempted to slide off the hammock again. 
'Mike, I have to go up to the house. I'll be back soon though', she purred. 'What do you need? Its at least a five minute walk back there,' he replied. 'I really have to pee ' that rum and coke has to go somewhere.' Kim felt herself being gently restrained and pulled back onto the hammock. 'So why don't you just go here? I won't mind, the hammock doesn't care and there's no–one else within a mile of us.'
The exchange set Kim thinking. Sex with Mike had been interesting, he wasn't the greatest performer by any means, but he certainly believed that variety was the spice of life. Kim had found her sex–life expanding rapidly, as they had made love in many new ways and places. Kim decided to play him along and see what happened. In her experience, some guys were absolutely turned on by pee games, and some were disgusted. Still, as Mike was the one who had started the conversation ' whatever she did, it had better be quick. Even though she was only wearing a pair of very loose fitting shorts the pressure from the waistband was starting to get to her.
She half rolled over and straddled his thigh with her leg. 'Suppose I went now?'. Mike replied that was fine with him. She pushed her leg further over so that it was across both his legs. 'How about now?'. Mike replied that she should do whatever made him comfortable. Very carefully, so as not to lose her balance on the hammock she completely straddled him, with her bottom pushing down just above his knees. 'I think this would be a good place to go'. Mike made no response other to smile. Kim caught sight of the growing bulge in his swimshorts and decided to go all the way. She moved up to slowly rub her butt into the growing bulge and waited for his reaction. Mike simply reached out towards her, gently cupped her breasts and then abruptly dropped his hands to her sides and tickled her. 
This was too much for Kim, for one small second she lost it and let out a small spurt into her shorts. She had to do something. After pulling aside one of the legs of her shorts she unzipped Mike, flipped out his bulging cock and slipped him inside of her. Now she was caught between pleasure and pain. One second she had the feeling of Mike pressing against her clit, and then pushing up against her bladder. There was no way she was going to be able to hold it, and Kim prepared to empty herself all over Mike. 'So tell me about another time you were really desperate', Mike whispered to her. Kim paused for a second, and then started to tell her story.
A few years ago I was working as a software engineer and we had a big sales call in San Diego. I was traveling with Sheila, my boss, and Megan, another engineer. After the call we were on the San Diego Expressway heading up to Orange County and we got stuck in terrible traffic. We had been sitting in the outer lane for almost 45 minutes and had barely moved. I'd been drinking Coke before, during and after the call and boy did I have to go. I was so full ' and I'd only been in the job for three months and was still trying to impress everyone. Sheila was ten years older than me and so prim and proper I was scared to do or say anything wrong. It hurt so much I had both my hands jammed between my legs and I started to cry. I realized that peeing my pants was the worst thing I could do, so I took off my shoes and panties and stepped outside of the car. Squatting down I knew that everyone ten cars in front and behind of us could see me. I really didn't care; all I was worried about was not wetting on my feet and my brand new shoes.
I hiked up my skirt and just let rip. I swore that it was so loud everybody could hear me for miles around ' instead of that hissing sound it was almost like a whistling noise. I remember the pee came out of me so fast that it didn't even hit the blacktop until about 2 feet in front of me. I just went and went and the puddle was huge. The blacktop was so hot that the edge of my pee pool actually started to boil; it was the weirdest thing! My boss told me to get back in the drivers seat while she climbed out and added to my puddle. Megan jumped out the back door and the three of us must have left about six pints of steaming pee on that Interstate. A couple of guys in a BMW a few cars back even started whistling and gave us a round of applause.
Kim suddenly came out of her reverie, realizing that all the while she had been telling the story she had been slowly pushing up and down on Mike. Now she was right on the edge of orgasm and lifted her butt up so that only the top inch of Mike was inside her. She felt herself start to spasm, and a dribble turned into a stream and then a torrent, hissing down around Mikes cock. She heard her stream splatter on the dry ground under the hammock and started to laugh.
'Hey, Mike ' do you need to go to? Well, first you have to tell me a story'.
Gail