The next day in school I met up with Jo–Anne during lunch break. I hadn't gone to the toilets after my morning pee, and neither had Jo–Anne. We went to the football field to watch the school team practice. That was something we always did, but this time we went there more to pee our panties than to watch the game. We were sitting on the grass, our skirts out of the way and our legs up a bit. I counted down from 3 and we started to wet our panties at the same time. It felt great to pee in our panties with so many people around, and no one could see it. After lunch we went back to class, and the rest of the day I went to the toilet to pee trough my panties every chance I got, and more often than not I met Jo–Anne going into the toilet. When all the classes were finished we dared to go into the same stall and pee standing up over the toilet. When I got home I was so horny I had to make myself cum.
That weekend it was nice and hot so my sister and I wanted to go to the swimming pool. I asked Jo–Anne along and the three of us went together. When we got to the pool we went into the big changing room where we were all alone. I had planned to wet my swimsuit as soon as I was lying in the sun, but when my sister saw no one was around she spread her legs and pissed her cut–offs. Jo–Anne and I were not long behind; our cut–offs would be dry before we got home anyhow. When we went to the pool my sister went off with a few of her friends and Jo–Anne and I went to a nice spot in the sun, not too close to anyone, so we could pee our swimsuits as soon as we were dry again. We were lying in the sun for about half an hour when one of our friends, Amy, joined us. She seemed distracted and was very giggly the whole time. We soon figured there was something she was hiding from us, so we started pushing her to tell us what was up. After much pressing and teasing she told us she saw us wetting our panties in school on the football field a few days ago. She was walking straight toward us and could watch under Jo–Anne's skirt when the wind blew it up for a second. She saw the glistening in Jo–Anne's panties and wondered what it was. She watched us closely, apparently without us noticing, and when we went away she checked the grass. It was wet. Amy didn't understand it at that time, but watched us closely. She heard a few remarks only meant for us and saw some of the games we played yesterday. We had both been wearing jeans to school and after our classes were over we dared each other to wet our jeans just enough to show a wet patch. She saw us doing just that and understood what we did on the football field. She was wearing a skirt that day, so she went to the toilet and peed her panties, to find out why we did it. She liked it a lot, and had to masturbate on the toilet. After that, we were gone, and she couldn't talk to us about it.
She was going to the swimming pool too today, and had arrived behind us. She saw my sister pee her cut–offs and then she saw us do the same. After we were gone she went into the changing room and masturbated in our puddles. Now we knew what was up with Amy, and we loved it! Another playmate. I proposed we pee our swimsuits lying here on the count of three, and we made a real hissing noise. We told Amy how my sister got into it and took me along with her, and then we told her how Jo–Anne got into it. Amy told us she was jealous that we had peed our jeans already and she hadn't, but since the summer was just starting she thought it would be some time before she would get the chance to do it. It rarely rained here in the summer.
Therefore we decided we would go to the forest next week. That was not so far from where we lived, but it was much cooler there, so we could wear jeans, and wet them! We would ride our bikes there and pee our jeans all day, until we had to go home in an hour and a half. That way our jeans would surely stay dry. The week passed almost uneventfully. Jo–Anne, Amy and I peed our panties on the football field on two different days and we did the wet crotch thing once as well. The next weekend couldn't come fast enough, but when that day finally arrived we had a big disappointment. When Amy showed up, Donna was with her as well. Donna was Amy's neighbor, and her parents made them do things together, so Donna wouldn't get bored and into trouble. At least Donna was wearing jeans, so perhaps we could talk her into it, but I feared it was back to squatting again. When we were on the way to the forest Donna told us she should have gone to the toilet at home, because she had to pee already. She asked us when we would be in the forest and we told her it would be ten more minutes. When she asked us where the toilets in the forest were Amy told Donna there were no toilets in the forest. Donna shocked and asked where she had to pee then and Amy told her she should wet herself as usual. Donna got red in the face and was mad at Amy. Amy just told her to keep her mouth shut. She now knew why Donna wet her pants so often last summer, and we were all going into the forest to pee our jeans as often as possible, so she should just do it as well. By this time we arrived at the forest and when we got of our bikes Donna just went ahead and pissed her jeans. Rivers of pee washed down her legs and Donna moaned a bit. After she had emptied her bladder she massaged her crotch and had a big orgasm. Amy, Jo–Anne and I just watched her perform, looked at each other and wet our pants as well. When we finished peeing Jo–Anne started to massage her crotch and when she came two seconds later I was already halfway there and Amy wasn't far behind. We spent the day pissing our pants and masturbating while walking through the forest. We only met people once in a while; they all looked at our crotches and acted shocked or outraged. Once we met a woman who was about to squat when she saw our pissed jeans. She started to laugh and ended up peeing her pants.
I'll tell you later about how it started for Donna.
JJ ( email is welcome... JJ is male )