Title: Liquid Louise

By: Michelle

Now she, though Bob, is nice. A back view only, but a very promising back view indeed, slim and shapely, about medium height, tight blue denim jeans outlining a neat little ass, a slim waist emphasised by a filmy white tie-fronted blouse, and the whole confection topped off with flowing hair the color of clover honey. With so many fair-haired girls insisting on being bottle blonde, it was a real pleasure to see a natural looking hair color. She was paying for her purchases at the drug store counter. Soon she would turn and he would see her face. He hoped it would be pretty. So often a pretty figure is spoiled by a prim or petulant expression, or the haggardness of too many parties and late nights.

She turned, and Bob decided he was in love - admittedly he had already fallen in love three times that week, but this was definitely the real thing. Her face wasn't conventionally beautiful, slightly squashed, snub nose, square chin, almost but not quite a pug-face, it showed character and determination. The sort of features a man could examine with pleasure long after the insipid beauty of the model or film star left him cold. Large, dark blue eyes stared back boldly into his own, more than a hint of laughter and challenge in their depths.

Good Lord - he was staring like a moron! Fit, and quite attractive in a rugged way, Bob never enjoyed quite the success with women that his looks deserved. Basically he was shy, a bit hesitant, sometimes clumsy in his approach if he dared to approach at all. And now he had certainly blown his chances with this lovely girl by leering at her like a lecherous idiot. No point in looking away, she had caught him fair and square. Instead he grinned. A weak, inane grin he admitted to himself, but at least the muscles of his face were still working. To his surprise and delight she smiled back.

And then it happened, the thing he had dreamed of for years, ever since his schooldays when freckly faced, accident prone little Kate Smith had lifted her skirt and peed in her knickers at the urging of a group of boys. Kate was married now, a most respectable young matron with boringly perfect bladder control, but she had left an impression on the young Bob that had colored his fantasies and wet dreams for years. But never again had he witnessed a girl wet herself.

Until now...

The pretty girl's eyes widened, she raised a hand to cover her mouth, stood legs slightly apart and gave a short gasp. The wet stain spread upwards from her crotch, not a flood or a puddle, but a definite and quite obvious wetting. Bob took his courage in both hands.

'Excuse me,' he said, 'can I help?'

'Oooh yes,' she replied, 'do you have an auto?'

'A truck. Parked just outside.'

'I've just realised I didn't take enough money with me and I don't have a cab fare. Silly of me, used to having an auto of my own. Could you drive me back to my hotel please. I'm Louise by the way.'

'Pleased to meet you Louise,' Bob shook his head to dispel the air of unreality. Didn't she realise she just peed in her pants? 'I'm Bob, he managed. Of course

I'll give you a lift. No problem.'

'Don't you want to buy what you came in for first?' She asked, seriously, apparently oblivious of the still spreading stain, the gazes, startled, interested or hostile of the staff and other customers.

'No, it's OK.' To his surprise he found himself taking her by the arm and marching her quite briskly from the store. To his even greater surprise she didn't seem to mind at all, in fact clung eagerly to him. As they emerged on to the sidewalk he took off his jacket.

'Here,' he said, wrap this round yourself.'

'But I'm not cold... Oh my God, I'm wetting myself!' To his astonishment she unzipped her jeans and examined the front of her panties, the filmiest pink nylon, practically transparent anyway, totally see-thru when soaked. He saw a gleam as another little spurt of urine at her crotch caught the sunlight, watched the stain spread to the inside of her leg, noted with approval that her honey colored hair was natural.

'I'm peeing my panties,' she whispered in a sexy, throaty contralto, then she gazed directly, shamelessly at his crotch, where his erection was all but bursting his pants.

'Turns you on, doesn't it?' she asked, grinning the same naughty grin that Kate Smith did all these years ago. Speechless, he nodded. 'Aren't you going to kiss me then...'

She was against him, kissing hungrily, her mouth open, her tongue probing, her wet, hot crotch thrust hard against his throbbing organ. Was he awake? Was this some sort of set-up? Was he about to get arrested or cum in his underpants... Reluctantly he broke free, even more reluctantly he fastened her pants and led her, dripping gently, into the parking lot. She'd soil the seat, but it would be worth it. What an experience, a dream come true. He lifted her into the passenger seat.

'Which hotel is it?' he asked.

She giggled, then composed herself. 'All things considered,' she said, 'I think we'd better go to your place.'

****

He led her thru the door, bent almost double with his eagerness, then kissed her fiercely, his hand rubbing her buns thru the warm wet fabric of her jeans. She pushed him away.

'Hey,' she said, 'doesn't a girl get a coffee first?'

Into the kitchen. She sat calmly on a wooden slatted seat as he filled the kettle. Every so often a tiny drip of pee plopped into the little puddle forming underneath her.

'You'll need this,' she said, handing him one of her drug store purchases in return for her coffee. 'I got it in case I wanted to be naughty in my hotel room and didn't want to ruin the mattress. Put it on while I'm drinking this.' Speechless, he carried the fitted plastic sheet into his bedroom, returning to her just as she finished her coffee.'

'Hi there,' he said.

'Fuck me,' she answered.

Then they were all over each other, tearing at clothing, kissing fiercely, her nails digging into his muscled back. She had him naked, fondling, licking his cock, but not taking him in her mouth; he had her down to her soaked, transparent panties. He pulled at the final garment.

'No,' she whispered, 'leave them on.'

Lifting her as if she were weightless, Bob carried his wriggling, giggling burden into the bedroom and deposited her on the bed where she lay looking up at him, her eyes huge, as the wet stain spread gently on the bedclothes. Slowly, sexily, she rubbed a nipple, and another little spurt of pee spread over her crotch. Then he was on her, pulling the leg of her panties aside, thrusting into her wet warm velvet center, withdrawing, rubbing against her clit as she writhed in ecstasy.

She was hot, soaked with pee and excitement, moaning incoherently, pushing herself against him. He thrust again and they reached a wild, desperate rhythm, no quarter asked or given. She screamed, he felt her cum, then held back, prolonging the moment, feeling her climax again and again. Then into this hot, wet, writhing vortex he orgasmed, pouring his warm semen into her. She tensed her muscles, held him tight, milked him of every precious drop. One final last long spurt. They slowed, stopped, kissed. Every so gently he withdrew.

'Oh Christ,' she gasped, 'I wanted that. That was SO good!'

He watched as calmly, gently, she emptied her bladder on to the sodden bed, then sponged himself down, ran a bath, carried her through to it, and cleaned up the mess. Once his washing machine was churning happily away he lifted her from the bath, dried her carefully, dressed her in one of his shirts, and carried her through to the lounge, where he deposited her on a seat. She eyed the towels and plastic bag on which she was sitting with some disfavor.

'Hey,' she said, 'I'm not incontinent!'

'Sorry, you didn't seem to be aware... at the drug store...' He realised he was stuttering and wisely shut up.

'When I get aroused I want to pee. Always have done. Usually I control it, but if I don't make the effort it comes. Didn't want to make the effort. Fancied you a lot, and I wanted some wet fun.'

'How did you know it was my turn on?'

'Didn't. But if you'd acted shocked or disgusted, or ignored me, you wouldn't have been the guy I thought you were, we wouldn't have made love, and I would've got my kicks wiggling to my hotel with my pants wet. The cab thing was a lie, by the way.'

'No problem. How long are you here for, Louise?'

'Just the one nite. Got some business at Compco, the computer place, tomorrow, then back home.'

'Compco? I work there. They use temporary secretarial staff a lot, usually for more than a day, though.'

She gave him a strange look and he decided to change the subject. They chatted about music, books, the usual things. Louise, Bob decided, was no bimbo, a very clever girl in fact. Strangely, though, for all her chatter, she told him almost nothing about herself. Then her clothes were ready and she dressed.

'Like to stay here tonite?' he asked.

'Love to, but I won't. Busy day tomorrow, need my sleep. Take me out this evening though.'

'Dinner?'

'Lovely. I'll wear something sexy.'

'Promise not to make a puddle in the restaurant?'

'No.'

As he drove her to her hotel, Bob realised he was in for an interesting evening.

****

The restaurant was quiet, intimate, outside Bob's budget, but he met someone like Louise so seldom. And it was nice to see the envious looks of the other guys as they assessed the vision on his arm. She was dressed in a long gown of shimmering gold, split high to reveal tantalising glimpses of shapely leg in sheer white nylon stockings. The dress was backless, almost frontless, trumpeting to the world that the shapely breasts it almost contained needed no support at all. 

She ate, chattered, giggled, flirted, and visited the washroom at regular intervals just like a good girl should. Strange, Bob though to himself, all his life he'd dreamed of a pissy assed girl, but now he was with one he was nervous that she'd make a mess in the restaurant. A three piece band tuned up, announced the first number. They got up to dance.

'Oooh,' she whispered, that guitarist's dishy. If I wasn't with you I could fancy him...'

'Behave yourself,' he whispered back, and got a very strange, wide eyed look in return. He danced, holding her close for a moment or two, then realised what the look meant. Sliding his hand over her pert ass, he found a definite spot, not very big, but warm and wet. Holding her at arms length he inspected her crotch. A rather larger wet stain, and spreading. He began to lead her to her seat.

'Hey,' she protested, 'the dance isn't over!'

'But you're wet.'

'So what?'

The rest of the night had a surreal air. Very slowly, gradually, his beautiful companion got wetter and wetter, not gushing, not puddling, gently dribbling into her panties. In the dim light of the restaurant her condition wasn't obvious unless someone looked carefully, but more and more people were looking carefully. Several men asked her for a dance, placing hands on her bum to make sure their eyes were not deceiving them, bringing her back to Bob with either an inane grin or a wry, sympathetic look on their faces. Several times the head waiter came over to ask if Madam was all right, but Madam carried off these encounters with a high hand. After all, the seats were plastic, she hadn't puddled the floor, and her escort had spent a great deal of money on the
meal.

By the end of the evening the damp stain was almost at her knees, and wet patches on her tights caught the dim light. Her nipples were peeping from her dress, her mouth moist, continually caressed by her flickering tongue, the very picture of an underdressed oversexed, thoroughly aroused woman. To the waiter's obvious relief Bob asked for the check.

She clung to his arm as they reached the sidewalk, kissed him fiercely on the mouth.

'Didn't make a puddle in the restaurant.' she announced.

'No but...'

'Making one now.'

A hiss. The gentle splash of urine on tarmac. Other diners stepping carefully past. A writhing, moaning female in his arms, seemingly unaware of time or place, rubbing her wet warm body against him, desperate for him, caring nothing for the amazed glances and gasps of passers by. Somehow, partially crippled by the ferocity of his own arousal, Bob got her into his truck, persuaded her that they might avoid an accident if she didn't give him head while he was driving, and once again carried a wriggling, desperate woman to his bed. No teasing about coffee now, he tore off his pants as she lay, fully dressed, soaking wet on his bed. He pulled her dress aside, revealing sexily cut golden panties, the latter proving no barrier at all as he thrust his manhood inside her. No artifice now, just a man and woman merging, joining as one in a mutual desire for wild, searing climax, blessed, soft release.

He held her in his arms, aware she was crying, thoughtful enough to say nothing, just to hold her. Suddenly she gave him a businesslike kiss and was on her feet.

'Gotta go.'

'Must you?'

'Yes.'

Briskly she stripped, wrapping her wet stuff in a plastic back and stuffing it in a hold-all she had left at his place before they went to the restaurant. From the same bag she produced a neat, white dress, sensible cotton underwear of the same color, shoes and pantyhose. A quick rub down with a facecloth, then she dressed efficiently as Bob pulled on his pants. In silence he drove her to her hotel, where she kissed him again softly, and resisted all appeals to exchange addresses and phone numbers. She slipped from the truck, refused his offer to escort her to the door, and was gone.

Bob was left wondering if he'd dreamed the whole thing.

****

Bob looked at the specification again and scratched his head. Given time, he would work it all out, but time was something Compco didn't have, and networks were tricky. Much as he resented it, Bob had finally seen the sense of calling in a whizz kid from head office. If this guy was as good as they said he was, the whole thing could be set up by the afternoon. Of one thing Bob was certain, he would note everything this boffin did, learn as much as he could, and one day he himself would be the whizz kid from head office.

The phone rang. His boss, Jenkins. It seemed their visitor had arrived. Bob gathered his papers together and walked across the corridor.

'Bob,' said Jenkins, 'I'd like you to meet Ms Lovejoy, from our head office systems department.'

Hello Louise,' said Bob.

