Desperation
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by aktl on October 7th, 2010 at 2:15PM

I’ve been holding for only 7 hours, and my record is more than twice this, however I’m getting pretty desperate for a pee right now. I was reading a few of the pee desperation stories, and my bladder seems to be filling up with the stories as well as the liquid I’ve consumed during the day. I was planning on going to sleep without peeing, but I don’t think I’ll be able to make it (not with actually sleeping anyway). I’m not going to bed for at least three more hours, so I’ll have to decide by then (unless my bladder decides it for me X-/). 

I’ve lasted two more hours, which is incredible! No way I’m going to sleep with this bladder. I chugged down 500 mL of water to hurry the process along. This isn’t going to a record anyway, so I might as well get to the good part, and my bladder is quite small, so it’ll fill up fast. I hope to last at least one hour more, though I want to make it till midnight, which is 2 hours and 15 min away… don’t really think that’s realistic though.

The last half hour or so I haven’t been able to sit, or even stand, still. I have to move around, shift in place, sit stand walk shift wiggle squirm cross legs, but I will not use my hands yet. I try to keep it as one of my goals not to use my hands until the last possible minute, after a few inevitable squirts. Only when I have to use my hands not to pee my pants is it acceptable for me. I hate to wet my pants, but I looooove the feeling of a full, almost uncontrollable, bladder. Oh my God. I have to pee soooo bad right now. I have to stop writing for a bit, or I’m going to lose it.

Half an hour later: the pain is getting unbearable. This is the worst part, in my mind. After the pain subsides a bit the pleasure is usually worth it all. 

I must have drunk more than I thought, because my bladder has never bulged as much as it does now. Oh… I almost had to use my hand. I haven’t even gotten to the part where I punish my bladder. It feels so good to caress it and slightly, very slightly, push on it. Although it adds THAT much more to the desperation to let it all go. At this point I’m considering going to the bathroom in case I actually do have an accident, however I don’t know if I’ll be able to get over there, at least not with my computer... 

So, I had to settle for my bed as pacing got too much for my bladder to bare. I tried to slowly lie down on my stomach as a little torture and it very almost came gushing out! I had to use my hand, and now I can’t seem to remove it. This has turned into a one-hand written story. Oh my God. I have to pee so bad!!! I love to torture my bladder, but every time I even come close to it with my hand my muscles start to tremble from the strain of keeping all my pee in. Oh no! I just realized that I have a belt on my pants. I never use this pair, so I’m not used to belts. This is the type of belt you have to tighten in order to open it. It’ll cause me to squirt, or even pee my pants, for sure :O! What am I going to do?!?!

It is still 45 min till midnight. Tried to get to the bathroom because I didn’t think I could keep it in for much longer, and the moment I tried to get up from my bed my knees buckled and I collapsed on the floor nearly releasing it all there and then. A small wet spot did form on my pants however, and it’s so difficult to write this down, I can barely think straight. I need to concentrate on my holding and getting to the bathroom, but I don’t know how?

OK, so lying sideways on the floor, slowly pulling myself along it with one hand, keeping the other firmly planted between my legs and somehow even pushing the computer along, I’ve managed to cross almost the entire way to the bathroom. However I just had a fit of spasms rippling through me, and had to stop moving completely. The only movement currently permitted by my bladder is slowly moving this hand to type, but I have to get there so I’ll try to continue.

I finally made it to the bathroom, but when I tried to get up so I could get my pants off and sit down on that toilet spasms from my bladder came in intervals and I had to give up for a while. It’s kind of funny, because my goal was to last till midnight, and with this slow rate I might even make it. It’s only 12 minutes left. But oh, my bladder is hurting! I wish I liked the feeling of pee running down my pants (oh why in the world did I start to think about that? 

It’s only making it worse! My pee really want to come out NOW!), but I’ve tried it, and I really hate it. It also adds to the laundry which I dislike doing too frequently. I’m going to have to do it anyway today, because of the slowly growing wet spot on my pants, but I REALLY dislike those clinging wet jeans on my legs. 9 minutes till midnight, I might as well get on with it. I should probably remove the computer from my close proximity however, in case the floor gets really wet.

I managed to unbuckle my belt! It took about 6 min, because it’s really hard to do one-handed. My only task left: stand up, pull my pants down, and sit on the toilet… and the sweet release. NO! Don’t think about it yet… not yet… Actually that was 4 things to do. Do you think I can make it? 2 min till midnight. Might as well wait the last few minutes… my bladder hurts so bad, and the pressure is pushing so hard, and my muscles are trembling, but I’m really quite proud of myself. I lasted WAY longer than I thought I would. OK, midnight! Whish me luck.

That was SUCH a great release. I peed for almost 3 minutes! I did make a mess of myself though. I order to stand up one have to bend in some way; causing additional pressure to a bursting bladder is not the best thing to do unless you want it to explode. When I first started to pee I couldn’t stop, but I still got off my pants and undies and finally sat down. It was such a relief! And though I tried to stop myself before it was all done, in order to maintain that pleasurable feeling of a full bladder it was WAY beyond my control. Right now it feels like I’m high! That’s how great I feel right now, though I already miss that sweet, sweet feeling of my full bladder. I really like to test my limits, and it’s good bladder-training!

Please comment on my experience!

PS: Does anyone have good ways of torturing a full bladder (not even necessarily a bursting bladder)? The more daring the better, though not in any public places, please. I easily get embarrassed.

