Lunambra 3-7

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Seven - Dignity

It was official: Queen Jenara needed to relieve herself immediately. Hours and hours she rode with the four guards, two in front of her to follow the tracks, and two behind her to guard the rear. They had gone on like this into the night, and they were very nearly at Jarkan's border. Right before the border's watch tower came into view, the guards stopped their horses and began setting up for the night. It was a hot day, and Jenara had been forced to drink to keep her health. Her bladder ached and throbbed, and her womanhood was sore from the saddle, her muscles weakened from the constant bouncing.

She barely managed to dismount her horse without spurting in her dress, and yet there was nothing she could do. The guards would not allow her out of their sight. The darkness provided no cover as they started a fire immediately, and her hope of simply shifting her dress up while she sat and weeing into the grass unnoticed was dashed by the guard Nicolas, who spread out a large, soft blanket for her to sleep on. Two guards would be awake at all times, taking shifts to watch her. She was absolutely stuck.

She stood there for a few minutes, staring at the river that flowed freely, taunting her. She slowly took a seat on the large blanket, laying back and cringing as her horribly overfilled bladder settled on top of her. Every breath she took tormented her, sending pangs of desperation that made her feel like she could leak at any second. She could feel it tingling just on the inside of her hole, waiting for her to weaken just enough so it could force its way out of her. These men are not trained to travel with a woman. They won't even think to offer me privacy. It's not like I could accept their offer even if they did give it. Crossing her legs did nothing to relieve the pressure. What's going to happen, I wonder, she found herself thinking When I simply cannot hold on any longer. Is it really possible for my bladder to explode, or is that just a story told to children to threaten them into peeing before they leave the house? Will I just wet myself in front of the guards?

Hours passed. Time went on and on as she lay there awake, holding herself with everything she was. The pressure increased endlessly as more water continued to force its way into her bladder. The two guards who stood awake would absolutely hear her. The first men in the Kingdom to witness a Queen piss herself like a little child, wetting her blanket. She couldn't let it happen. She reached down and pinched her labia through her dress, squeezing them together. It hurt badly, and she knew it was no long-term plan. She released them quickly, and gasped silently as a drop made its way out of her. She felt it trickle down her vulva and along her bottom, absorbed quickly into her dress. It was much too small to show, thankfully.

I was so close, she cried inwardly. If I could only wait through tomorrow, but it's just too much. I drank so much water, enough to bathe in, and even I have to have limits. Despite everything, I'm still just a person...

Her thoughts were interrupted by a loud groan from one of the guards who were taking the first shift. She slowly turned her head to him, keeping her eyes squinted so he would think her asleep at a glance. "Nick, I can't wait any longer. It's been all fucking day."

"You can't," Nicolas hissed. "I'm dying over here too, but what if she's awake?" Jenara slammed her eyes shut, and she could feel the gaze of the two men staring at her.

"She's out cold," the first guard, Jason, said desperately. "Oh shit, it's happening," she heard soft metallic clanking as he fumbled with the front of his armor. A loud hiss immediately followed, and she opened her eyes ever so slightly. She could see his stream in the torchlight, splattering into the grass in front of him.

"Ah fuck, that's it for me too," Nicolas gasped, pulling his greaves open and bursting into the grass as well.

They're so bloody lucky, Jenara screamed inside her head as the two men emptied themselves in front of her. Wait. She suddenly noticed the two other guards snoring loudly behind her, a sound she had been blocking out for three hours past. The two in front of her were facing away, absorbed in their own relief, their ears full of the sound of their own pee. This is it, my only chance. With as much speed as she could muster, she thrust her hips into the air, supporting herself on her shoulder blades. She grasped the front of her dress and pulled it up, and despite her shame and pride, she released an absurdly powerful three-second long spurt that flew through the air, spraying onto the side of a tree that stood over two meters away from her. It cleared the blanket entirely, and she caught the last drops with her hand.

It was so much louder than she thought it would be, and she threw her dress back over her legs and collapsed into the blanket just as Jason turned to glance at her. She was frozen in fear that he would realize what had happened, but he just shrugged and returned to his own business. She was breathing like she had run a footrace across the Kingdom, and she had to force herself to settle down before she was noticed.

She was still desperate. As desperate as she had ever been in her life. Her flower tingled and her bladder complained strongly against being given such small relief in response to the ocean that it contained. But she was no longer on the verge of wetting herself completely, and that would be enough for this one night.

It seemed like such a long time later that the sun finally showed itself. She knew she had slept, at least a little, because she did not remember the other two guards getting up for relief. There was no way they could have held it through the night after all she had watched them drink. She looked down and groaned inwardly as she saw her belly was even bigger than it was last night. She wondered how much it could stretch, how full it could possibly become before it just gave out, in whatever way it would. She knew her skin would accommodate it, having been pregnant. But the bladder itself was a mystery, somehow growing ever fuller as the hours passed. The small amount of relief seemed to give it the time it needed to expand. How embarrassed she would feel if one of the guards noticed it.

She stood up as quickly as she could, making her way to the horses. Nicolas came up behind her, offering his hands as a step. She kept facing away from him as she mounted the animal. Her dress rode up in front of her, and she pulled it close to cover up the colossal bulge. The guards mounted up again and took their places around her, and they rode on.

