Title: WESTWARD, HO!

By: Bob

Mary Ann Graves was angry with herself. She thought she had been so clever, and now she was in a predicament. As she expertly handled the reins of the ox-team pulling the wagon, she desperately wished she could go back just 30 minutes in time! But that was, of course, impossible, and now she began to wonder how she could extricate herself from this dilemma. As if she needed any reminding, another twinge from her poor straining bladder took all her will to keep from wetting herself. As the wagon took a sharp jolt, some urine did escape, and what had been only a slightly damp spot underneath her rump was now decidedly moister!

The last rest stop had been a half-hour earlier, but the sparse foliage offered almost no protection from prying eyes. Mary had experienced problems before with some of the randy young boys in the wagon train taking advantage of the lack of facilities to answer the call of nature. Her younger brother Jonathan and one of his friends had been especially annoying in this respect. Once she had caught them peeping at Lovina and Nancy as they squatted behind a bush that did not reach close enough to the ground. Although she chastised them at the time, she knew that one reprimand would not cure this compulsion, and so she resolved to be extra cautious in her own toilet.

There was a substantial copse of trees ahead, in the direction they had been travelling all morning, much less than an hour away. She could easily wait until then, so when asked if she wished to leave her wagon, she replied in the negative.

But she had fooled herself! Shortly after resuming travel, they came to a stream which had cut its way into the flat land, leaving a fairly high bank not easily traversable by the wagons. The entire train moved to the right to more or less follow the stream, which was low on this warm August day. But this took them away from the trees Mary Ann had hoped to use for shelter from prying eyes, and each jostle and each passing minute made her more desperate.

Ordinarily, she might use a method favored by many of the women, which was to pull off, letting the train go on ahead, and enter the wagon, hidden by the canopy. There they would use a chamber pot for their liquid or solid evacuations, and be able to clean and compose themselves before rejoining the train. However, Mary Ann's father, Frank Graves, had felt ill that day, and was resting in the very wagon she was driving! He could not even spell her while she took a horse to a distant side spot!

By now she was really getting desperate, and had pushed a hand tightly into her crotch as she held the reins in the other. Mary Ann was a lovely …?girl, with dark, bright eyes, a tall, slender frame, long dark hair and the most perfect teeth. In four months she would be 20 years old, which in 1846 was almost spinsterhood, especially for a pioneer family.

Her choices were few. If she could no longer hold it and peed herself, she would be mortified beyond tears, not to mention staining her mother's pale blue cotton frock she had borrowed that day. Her mother preferred busy calico patterns, so was happy to loan this plainer one when Mary had snagged and torn her own clothing the day before. She wore nothing underneath.

If she stopped now to squat, there was absolutely no shelter at all, and as she was up toward the front of the train, she had no doubt that Jonathan and his pals would go out of their way to peep, probably successfully. She could not abide either of these choices, but there seemed to be no other.

Another small jolt liberated a teaspoon or so of hot urine, squirting against her inner thigh. Although she was very uncomfortable, physically and emotionally, a certain delicious feeling radiated around her vulva, and no small pleasure mixed with the torment. For some reason, it brought back the memory of a day years back, when she was much younger, in Illinois.

She and her sisters and some other children were all in the swimming hole, splashing and having fun. All of the children were wearing something, a chemise or frock for the girls, and short trousers on the boys. They had all joined hands and were walking slowly into deeper water, when suddenly Mary Ann realized she really had to pee! As the water reached to her waist, she just let go, still holding hands with her sister Lovina on the right and Eleanor on the left. Neither they nor any of the others suspected a thing, and Mary Ann had felt a strange and intense pleasure as she peed forcefully while still walking forward with the group. It was a hot summer day and the water was quite warm, and nobody noticed the slight extra warmth around Mary Ann. 

The water was also fairly muddy so nothing was observed. That was the first time she could recall those voluptuous feelings that could emanate from her "peach pie" as she called her pudendum. It was to be some years before she discovered how to make them happen at will! Now they threatened to appear at this inopportune moment, somehow reminding her of the crackling of the fireworks they had recently enjoyed at Ft Bridger on July 4. So now, as the wagon train pressed Westward, she sat in apprehension, one hand expertly managing the reins while the other was pushing mightily against her damp vulva. This additional pressure was so far successful in stemming the threatening tide, but it also added to the pleasurable aspect of her dilemma. She began almost subconsciously to push ever so slightly harder whenever a bit of urine did escape, and by now she could distinctly feel the warm dampness on her hand!

Suddenly a cry came down the line of wagons. The train was stopping! Oh, no, how could she ever hold out now? She pressed a bit tighter. Soon she was moving her knees back and forth, only a few inches--open, close, open, close--but the movement provided a temporary respite from her agony. Then she had to stop, and also remove her hand, because John Snyder came riding along the train, explaining they had finally come to a good ford and were going to cross the stream. This would allow them to swerve back to their original direction, but by now the trees were far behind, so it was too late for that to help. Fortunately he rode on down the train, conveying his information, before she lost control, and she quickly thrust her hand even harder into her crotch, resulting in another spurt of pee and a warm wave of pleasure, almost a throb, coursing through her groin.

She was now sitting in a definite wet patch of cotton, the back of her mother's frock. She doubted she could hold out another five minutes, if even that. Twice she had to cluck the oxen forward to wait her turn to cross. Now she was next! Suddenly she had a wonderful idea! Some of the drivers drove their teams across, but in smooth stream crossings some preferred to wade and lead them, holding the harness, if they had a good rapport with their team. Mary Ann figured she could make a show of getting off the wagon to lead her team, then feign a fall into the water, safely accomlishing her peeing before she got up, if only given the chance. A crossing was not too private, as one wagon at a time crossed while those ahead and behind watched. But even if helped up too soon, a soaked frock shouldn't show any further liquid being added. It was the only chance she had. If it hadn't been for Jonathan she almost might have gotten away with it.

She should have more closely watched the wagon in front of hers, and she might have avoided what happened. The stream was only about 16 to 18 inches deep, plenty to conceal her subterfuge, but in the middle was a shallow bar no more than 3 inches beneath the surface. A bit of silt and the wrong angle of the sun made it impossible to see, and unfortunately Mary Ann chose that spot to perform her little act. She could go no farther, having to remove hand from crotch just as it was getting quite pleasurable, and knowing she would not be able to keep from pissing for even another half-minute! As frightening as the whole situation was, it was also somehow very exciting, in a way that greatly heightened the spasms now beginning in her groin.

Making a pretext of deciding to get off to lead her team, with Jonathan and others watching, she did a quite convincing job of feigning a trip and fall into the stream. Her turning in the air was perfect, and had the stream been over a foot deep, as it was a few feet back, she would have landed face down in the stream and been able to pee to her heart's content, protesting she was all right to give time to stand slowly before help was forced on her.

But the 2-inch-deep water was a complete surprise, and she was still facing skyward as the soft silt stopped her fall and her rotation, and the surprise had it's own shock effect as the pee shot out of her, almost tenting the still dry skirt-front above her bare pussy, making a rapidly spreading dark spot too easy to see in the patternless pale blue. Her legs splayed out in the most unladylike pose imaginable, and it took all her will not to groan or waggle her knees as the waves of orgasm engulfed her.

Even so, so much had happened that it might have gone unnoticed, except at that moment her father, aroused by the commotion, emerged from the front of the wagon and placed his hand right on the wet spot on the driver's seat! "Why is this seat wet?" he exclaimed, and this was followed no more than two seconds later with her brother Johnny shouting for any to hear, "Look, she''s a peein" herself!"

Yes, she was both coming and going, but at the worst time possible. No way could she stop the tides of pleasure, but they were more than overwhelmed by the extreme mortification of her situation. The only saving grace was that most of the people in the train were not in a position to see anything, and although the gossip managed to spread among most of brother Jonathan's friends, her father (who probably told her mother) and John Snyder were the only adults who had seen the embarrassing details.

She did have one little chat with her father that evening, in a private moment. If he was aware of the extra element of her thrashing in the stream as she peed, he didn't let on. But he was still a bit angry that she had delayed the train while she dried and changed. "You should have taken care of that at the last stop, you know. We've been trying to catch the other party in time to go together over the mountains. It would not be good to delay that meeting."

"I know, father, and I am truly sorry. It was the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me. I don't know how I can face anyone tomorrow." Then she added, "At least this is behind me. It has to be the worst thing that will happen to me this entire journey. Unless I am killed by savages, there is nothing worse that I can imagine, so from now on all is in a state of improvement." Mary Ann smiled, ever the optimist.

"Well, that's a good attitude, Mary", her father said, "and it appears we can resume our schedule tomorrow. It is hoped we will catch up to the other party within two weeks. I'll be sure to tell their leader, Mr. Donner, that the worst incident is behind us. I'm sure that will give him comfort."

