Better Late Than Never

Posted by Tinker, April 1995 

"Gosh, Susan, please stop for a moment. I really need to do it *now*." Ann sounded insistent. Susan slackened her stride, and looked back over her shoulder to her friend, who had been complaining that she needed to wee for the last half hour. She couldn't have chosen a worse place to run into trouble than this: the big city park wasn't exactly crowded with toilets. Susan thought that Ann had been a bit silly not to go to the bathroom before they left Ann's place, like she had done herself, but that did not help Ann right now. At the first announcements of Ann's need, they had increased their pace to arrive at her apartment quicker, but it was quite a distance to cover, and every five minutes Ann complained louder. She had started to ask if they could stop and hide behind some bushes, but Susan just snorted. Anyway, they were almost home, she repeated. 

It was then that Ann had formed the outrageous idea of just wetting herself. Just in case she couldn't hold on, she mused, it was a stroke of luck she was wearing a long skirt. Susan shook her incredulous head, but Ann had already started to seek a suitable place to relieve herself, and Susan literally dragged her away from some patches of long grass by some trees. Only another five minutes. Come on, Ann, hurry! 

But this time her friend seemed to be determined. Susan looked at her in disbelief while Ann went off the path and walked up to a sign describing the vegetation in the area. "I'll start reading this sign, so it will look less conspicuous. Just stay there. It'll all be over in no time flat." That said, Ann brushed her hair out of her face, pulled some wrinkles out of her sweater, and grabbed her long skirt with both hands to arrange it evenly around her legs. Ann seemed to be preening herself in front of a mirror! A bit shy, Susan came closer. "Listen, Ann. Just hold it for five more minutes. You don't have to pee your clothes, come on! You're not three! You're *twenty*-three! Don't tell me you are going to wet yourself here and now. It is such an embarrassment." 

Ann swirled around. "Embarrassment for whom? For you? You don't feel what I feel. I tell you, Susan, I need to *pee*, and I truly cannot hold it any longer. Do you want me to pee all over the sidewalk when we reach your apartment? Now *that* would be embarrassing, and not only for me! So shut up and look another way if you can't stand the sight of it." Ann returned to the sign and started to read it. "Let's see. One. The larch." Susan felt her skin prickle when she realised Ann was really going to wee in her clothes.

Without saying a word, she slowly approached her and started to look around if there were people nearby. Fortunately, there weren't. Ann was still speaking, but it did not sound like she was reading the sign. "Two. Save your shoes." With here eyes wide open, Susan saw Ann parting her feet, and not only a bit. Her firm legs pushed her blue skirt aside, and in a flash Susan recalled the time her little sister had wet herself when she was four, standing with her legs widely apart, fascinatedly holding up her dress and looking down to her panties, a little stream falling down between her legs. 

Ann now was reading the sign again, with her arms firmly crossed over her chest: "Old oak trees have surrounded this place since... ooohhh... since the turn of the century. They were regularly... ooohhh... it's coming... regularly maintained and after the Second World War, an irrigation system... no! Susan! I am... it comes... I can feel it... I... I'M DOING IT! I'M DOING IT! God, what a relief." Susan felt herself burning all over her body now. A strange excitement had taken possession of her, and while Ann obviously began to wet herself, Susan studied her in great detail. Ann must be right. Her long skirt would cover up everything she did, and with her legs apart, nothing could go wrong. 

Would her panties already be wet? Susan bit her lip. Did it matter? What would Ann feel? Relief? A warm glow spreading in her crotch? Why did she not squat, if necessary without taking off her panties? She saw Ann straightening her back and pushing her hips a bit forward. She must be wet now, Susan thought. It could noted she was, something had to happen. Susan held her breath and looked to Ann's shoes. The hem of her blue skirt marked the final frontier. If something would happen, it would come from over there. 

Soon, a small trickle appeared between her calves, and Ann really got caught in the flurry of events, still reading the sign between breathless gasps. Susan wondered about this. She had expected Ann to become silent and to blush, and to wet herself in shame. None of this at all. Ann blushed, alright, but according to her words, it was more out of excitement than shame. While the stream between Ann's legs remained constant, Susan even thought she could detect some pleasure in Ann's voice. Pleasure? "Oh God this feels so nice. But it was high time. A few more minutes and..." And? And what? Reaching her apartment? Susan looked at her friend, standing on the lawn with her legs apart and wetting herself for real, and pondered her puzzled feelings and ideas. 

Finally, Ann had emptied herself in her panties, and returned to the sidewalk. She made a faint footprint. Susan followed wordlessly. Ann raised an eyebrow. "Why so quiet? Never see someone wet herself? It's no big deal. Just be glad I didn't try and hold on, only to splash your hall carpet." Susan shook her head. "Ann, you could have made it. Easily. I have struggled to get home myself a few times, and never wet my panties. And believe me, I had to go real bad. I never even saw you squirm; you just walked over to that sign and then pissed your panties. Admit it." Ann shrugged. "Maybe I have a smaller bladder than you, or less strength to hold it."

"Maybe. Maybe you just are more careless than me. Or naughtier. After all, you were right; there's absolutely nothing to see on your clothes. Can you still feel it?"

"Of course I can. I am wet down there, you bet. As soon as we reach your apartment, I'll hop into your bathroom to change." 

This was exactly what Ann did, and it took her only a few minutes. When she reappeared in Susan's living room, she looked wonderfully refreshed and even serene. "Thanks for using your bathroom, Susan. It's all yours now." Susan got up and went to the door. "I'll take a shower. I've been sweating." Ann sat down on the couch and picked out a magazine. "I'll wait. Take your time." 

Susan locked the door and started to undress herself. This was a strange afternoon. She put her clothes on the bench against the wall and turned towards the shower stall to open the faucets. Oh no, first she wanted to pee. She sat down on the toilet seat and waited. After two seconds, her eyes fell upon a plastic bag stuffed away left of the wash box on the floor. Susan blinked. It could only be one thing. Quickly she got up and grabbed the bag. Yes, it was what she thought. Ann's spoiled panties. Apparently she had not even rinsed them in the basin.

She did not know why, but Susan had to take them out of the bag. With trembling fingers, she carefully pinched the pair of panties on a spot that seemed dry and removed the bag. There they were, in all their naughty glory: Ann's wet panties, pale blue except for a big stain in the crotch. Susan held them between thumbs and index fingers at the waist band and examined the damage. Actually, it was rather small. Nowhere near the skirt. Smiling, Susan held the pair of panties in front of her and looked in her mirror. It looked silly. It also looked very appealing. Just a little experiment. Why not? It could not do any harm and nobody would ever know. 

Susan quickly put Ann's panties back into the plastic bag and opened her own laundry box. A pair of pink panties seemed perfect for her purpose. With the panties snugly around her bum, Susan sat down on the pot again and looked between her legs. Yes, this would work out nicely. No problem at all. She felt it coming. Susan opened her knees and sighed. How silly this was. And how funny! With a last push, she managed to prime herself completely. It was now only a matter of daring to start. Would she? 

She blinked. Yes, she would, but couldn't she exploit the opportunity better? Just sitting on the toilet seemed so dull. Toying around asked for more. With a smile, she got up and entered the shower stall. Susan squatted down and again looked between her knees. This was much more fun! Now it was reato keep it in while playing at hide-and-seek, squatting like this for what seemed like hours. Strange that she never had even thought about letting it go under her skirt. It would have been no problem at all. Yes, she would do it now. Quickly her pee came up again, and Susan started to count down from five. At zero, it would be Wet Panties for her. Five. Four. Three. Two. 

At one, she stopped. Squatting? Dammit. Ann hadn't been squatting. She had been standing up. A bit unsure, Susan rose to her feet and tried it out. Standing in the shower stall with her panties on and her feet a bit apart made her feel quite excited, and she almost started right there. But no. 

Now her fantasies really ran away with her. Susan went to the wash box again and took out a skirt that she had thrown in a few days ago. Quickly she stepped into it. Yes, this would do it. A bit tight, maybe, but what the heck. Her sweater still was on the bench. Quickly she dressed and stepped inside the stall again. With her feet tightly together, she looked into the mirror. Just the normal Susan. Trembling, she parted her legs, just as she had seen Ann do it. Her skirt wouldn't allow more than about one foot between her feet, and she could almost feel her panties showing through it. Lines, you know. Damn. This skirt wouldn't do. She needed a long, loose skirt. Or... suddenly, a flash went through her mind. Yes. That would be it. The Ultimate. It would be so naughty and so exciting, she couldn't think of anything else any more. 

Susan left the stall and undressed again. With a towel wrapped under her arms, she unlocked the door and walked through the living room to her bedroom. Ann looked up but said nothing. In her bedroom, Susan went through some old stuff, looking for something special that she had not ever dreamt of using again. And certainly not in this way. A few years ago, she had been member of the local cheerleading team. Nothing special, just hopping about a bit at a match every two weeks, you know. Being part of the circus. Unlike other years, the girls were allowed to keep their uniforms since the team's colours had changed. Susan had carefully put the clothes in a box and never looked at them again. But here they were. She also picked up her normal pair of sneakers, and hiding everything under the towel, Susan walked back to the bathroom. No need to lock the door; Ann this time did not even look up. 

Carefully, Susan unrolled the bundle of clothes. It was a very flashy outfit, completely orange except for the panties. Nice design. It was a little dress, not a skirt with a sweater. Quickly Susan slipped into it. The uniform panties were also there. Black. Yes, black. As if made for this. Her socks and sneakers were just her normal garments. Soon, Susan looked into her mirror and complimented herself with her appearance. The dress was very short, but covered her panties well and her legs were not too bad anyway.

She hiked it up and examined her panties. Nice contrast, she thought. Courageous design. She remembered how it felt to walk around in such a revealing outfit, and smiled. Somehow, it seemed to be less challenging to wear a flashy cheerleader uniform than to wear the same dress to, say, the disco. As a cheerleader, it was allowed and even expected for you to wear something like this. As a normal girl, it would be considered extremely challenging and lead to trouble. How strange. 

It was high time to go with it now. Susan stepped into the stall and turned around. With her dress still hiked up, she started to relax. Yes, relax: no need to push any more. Just before it came, she decided to let her dress drop down and enjoy the feeling of going wet in private. Looking at her staining panties was something she could do next time. Now, she would just do what she should have done years ago. Susan firmly put her legs apart, this time not hampered by her clothes, and looked into the mirror. A real cheerleader would only take such a pose with her hands on her hips, she thought, and immediately acted upon it. This felt great. Her feet in sneakers did not get cold on the enamel, her socks were clearly there, she could feel her dress touching her thighs, everything was in place. She co would have cheered. Oh, this was great! 

And now for the Grand Finale. Under her little skirt something happened. Susan could feel it coming. There was no way back now. She was going to pee in her panties. Susan took a deep breath and let Nature decide for her. A moment later, her panties were not dry any more. Slowly but steadily, a little trickle started to work its way out, and Susan could feel her panties soaking up the liquid and spreading it downwards. It was unbelievable. Here she was, wearing her full cheerleader outfit, and she was wetting herself like a baby. But with immensely more fun. She was in heaven. A warm glow spread in her crotch while her little dress covered it all up. She wanted to scream but did not dare. Instead, she threw her arms into the air and pressed hard. Her black panties popped out from under her dress and winked at her. It was all she needed. 

With a hard bang, Ann stormed in and yelled: "Do you know who won the big... wow!" Stunned, she looked at her girlfriend, standing in the shower stall in some kind of cheerleader uniform, with her legs widely apart and apparently engaged in something exciting given her deep-red cheeks. Ann immediately took in the situation and mumbled: "Sorry Sue, I'll go away." Susan said nothing. She quickly lowered her arms, covering up her panties again, and desperately tried to find a way out. But And Ann did not go. She quietly looked at Susan, at her face, her uniform, her pose, and concluded that there was only one explanation of the situation. 

"Are you wet already?" she simply asked. A single drop noisily falling down on the enamel answered her question. Susan quickly pulled her legs back together, but the harm had already been done, and another small drop worked its way down her left leg. Ann smiled. "I see. You just started. It must feel wonderful, and that under such a nice dress. Do you want to continue?" 

Susan said nothing and toyed with the hem of her little orange dress. Ann could see that she pressed her thighs together. "Of course you want to continue. Well, I won't stop you. Just take your pose again and go on. Such an opportunity should not be skipped. Come on, let's see some cheerleader spirit!" Susan swallowed and felt cornered. Yes, she wanted to continue. Very much. In fact, she was almost peeing herself involuntarily now. And her panties were wet already. And Ann obviously knew what she had been up to. Alright then. She took a deep breath, and feeling childish and stupid, Susan parted her legs for the second time. This simple movement sent all kinds of excited feelings up her spine. Her orange dress neatly flowed over her thighs again, soft and arousing. This time, her hands would not leave her hips. And her panties would stay covered. But not dry. Oh no. 

Ann was delighted when she saw her friend taking her pose again. "Go on then. Let it come. Let your panties have it all. Do it now!" Susan moaned and gave up her struggle. She closed her eyes and allowed it to begin. With a gush, all her pent-up pressure released and very soon there was a very wet cheerleader standing in the shower. A river flowed through her panties and Susan could feel the thin, smooth fabric spreading the warmth to almost everywhere. She did not even care about her dress any more.

Ann was almost as excited as Susan and shuddered at the thought of her own first time in her uniform. Susan did not think at all. She just wanted to get her panties as wet as possible and deeply enjoyed every drop as it passed over her sensitive skin, into her panties, down to her crotch, and finally left the moist fabric between her legs, giving her a last trickle when it splattered onto the enamel and scattered into a thousand little droplets stippling her calves.

Susan was a quick student. She only needed a moment to learn how to wet herself in the most pleasurable way possible. And it showed. With her legs widely apart and her hands securely on her hips, Susan bent her knees a little and thoroughly soaked herself under her dress. If Ann had not been wearing a long skirt, she would have started to masturbate on the spot. And now she regretted the fact that she had been so stupid to spend all her precious liquid in the park. 

Susan kept weeing in her pantiesmirror. Ann quickly stepped aside. Susan saw her last drops leave her underwear, and sighed. "Oh Ann, it was so nice, I almost can't believe it." She put her legs together again and pulled her dress a bit further down. "It feels so good, I just wonder why I did not try this earlier. Look at me! Here I am, wearing the shortest of skirts possible, and nobody can see anything of what I just did!" She twirled around on the slippery surface and giggled. 

After her show, Susan reluctantly left the stall and dried her legs a bit with the towel that Ann handed her. Damage control time. Hiking up her dress, Susan discovered that practically nothing showed in her black panties. She indeed could have pulled this stunt on the field. Ann mumbled something about unfair colour usage and stupid combinations, but did not make any other comments about Susan's behaviour. Still a bit shy, Susan asked Ann if it would be okay with her if she could wear her uniform for a little longer, just to see how it felt. She would understand it if Ann thought it was strange, sick, or even dirty. But Ann shook her head. "No, Susan, please keep it on. You were right. It was no complete accident, when I wet my panties in the park. I could have made it, easily. I just did not want to. And you now know why. Welcome to the club." 

Susan blinked. "Club? You mean... " Ann nodded: "Yes, we are not the only girls in town who like to do this. I'll introduce you to some of my friends. You'll be amazed." 

They had a memorable night out after that. 

