That night, when she came home, she was feeling very naughty....
But let's start at the beginning. Nicole was a very hot girl in her early twenties. With her long blonde hair, she was a typical cheerleader type– wearing the latest and tightest fashion around. Her favorites were a black lycra–spandex pair of pants, a thong (as long as it wasn't visible from any angle) and a matching black top (preferably without a bra, as gravity hadn't gotten hold of her nice breasts yet). And even though a push up bra would have fitted her well, she wasn't planning on wearing one tonight. She would have a lot of moments for herself and didn't want to be blocked from touching her nipples in any way.
For the same reason she had decided not to wear any underwear. Her pants were made in such a way that the inside was very soft and very absorbent so any pussy fluids that might spring during the night would go into the black pants unnoticed. And having dudes guess whether or not she was wearing any underwear turned her on in a big way. But she had no idea what night of extreme desperation would unleash in her.
Nicole was living by herself. Because she had lived with her parents in a very small wooden home she hadn't been able make any sound at night or when she was in her own room. So when she wanted to cum she always had to wait 'till her parents had left, which was hardly ever so she was left dreaming and waking up soaking in her panties. The female equivalent of a wet dream, she'd found out from her girlfriends. They once had this competition about who could outlast the others by not having sex in any way. All girls had gotten these erotic dreams at some point but Nicole didn't even notice. She had had these for years now and then she'd discovered sex and decided to move out.
Yet living by herself hadn't brought her much. Meeting new guys had proven to be quite a problem for a girl who is a bit insecure and very good–looking. They just refused to approach her and the rare cases that DID often prove to be gay or an employee of the place.
This night was much the same. She'd left her apartment for a local bar, arrived there and sat at the tap drinking beer. She was one of those girls who liked to drink beer. So as she was having a few pints (she could easily drink five) a guy approached her. Having given up all hope to score a long time ago she decided she wasn't going to talk to him, anyway. Or maybe if he really tried she'd let him buy her a drink.
"Beer contains vitamin P, you know," he said with an "I'm so funny" face.
"Yes, I know and if you'd excuse me, I actually have to go right now," she answered, which wasn't very far from the truth.
"You're thinking I'm hitting on you?" he asked.
"Of course you are. There isn't a single line I haven't heard, it's all so boring, I feel so un–challenged being so pretty," she said, being as cocky as she can be and rubbing her legs tightly together. The dude she was talking to was actually very nice and she knew she would be thinking of him when she'd get home.
"Okay," he said. "Here's a challenge for you: you hold it until the end of the night which is four o'clock, then you'll go home. That's all."
Our cocky girl was very surprised by such a strange proposal. "Will you be following me?" she asked.
"No, but trust me, you won't last another hour!" he told her.
"Okay, I will, bye," she answered, and walked away from the dude at the bar; nose high in the air.
While she was out on the streets she thought, "That was a very strange challenge. I haven't heard of anything like this in my life. Actually, I think I'll see if I can pull this off." And on she walked with a big smile on her pretty face.
She stopped in a quiet spot to check just how bad she had to go. She squeezed her bladder muscle, pushed on her tummy and noticed she was actually quite full. Then she felt on the fabric on her crotch, touching and massaging it a bit, making sure nothing had leaked. Then she felt some more, being the naughty girl that she was, and walked on to the local dance bar.
When she arrived she headed for the bar, ordered a beer and sat on a barstool, one leg over the other and sipped away. Squeezing her thighs together was just like masturbating, she'd found out over the years. And even though when she did that, it would appear as if she had to go, but in a dark dance pub no one would notice so she proceeded.
While she was sitting there, enjoying herself and her beer the urge to pee grew. She stopped squeezing her thighs and headed for the loo. She entered a stall and felt between her legs. Squeezing her thighs together had gotten her quite wet and she massaged her crotch some more with the tips of her fingers. She stopped quickly so she wouldn't orgasm right there. A moment of doubt stopped her she stood opposite the toilet and figured that she really needed to go.
She walked out very tense. Tense in her bladder, tense in her pussy, tense in her body. She knew it would be a long trip home by bike, so she called a cab and walked to her bike, figuring just to ride it to the taxi stop, then take the cab, and then hopefully make it down the long hallway to her apartment.
As she tried to sit down she felt a bit of a tickle in her panties. Apparently the big swing with her leg had moved the fabric around just enough to trigger another release of horny juices. She sat on the saddle and rocked a bit, carefully stopping so she wouldn't cum on the bike knowing she would fall off if that happened. She touched her nipples with the left hand while steering with the other. When she arrived at the taxi stop she was feeling very horny and very desperate to pee!
She stumbled to the cab, got in and sat down, hands between her legs and carefully rubbing between them. Her bladder stretched the tight spandex pants she was wearing and vice versa the pants were pressing on her bladder. She decided to open the button and undo the zipper.
The final part of her taxi trip had never taken that long. Hands jammed between her legs; horny as can be and having to go as bad as never before, she got out. She walked with her legs tight together and squeezing every muscle in her body to the front door. She opened it with her key and walked into the elevator.
There she stopped and gasped. A small trickle of pee escaped into her panties. She held herself and felt the spandex getting wet. She managed to stop it and made it down the hall to open her front door. She entered her apartment and headed straight for the bedroom. Careful not to move around too much she took off her clothes and sat down on the bed naked. She started to finger herself vigorously but decided that wetting the bed was too much work and sat down in her bathtub, rubbing her nipples while turning on the shower. Just as she was about to lose it she aimed the shower at her clit. In a big eruption of pee and cum that had been put off for ages, she came and felt the pee squirting out the way sperm squirts out of a dick. Hot waves of orgasmic contractions rode through her as she let go in the shower with a big spasm.
This had been a night to remember.
Angelina