Ashley took a deep breath and opened the door to her classroom; she had to be ready to execute her plan. You see, Ashley loved to piss her pants and panties; she loved the feeling of holding a full bladder as long as she could. But one thing she loved even more was the satisfaction of being humiliated and embarrassed while being seen in public. She got horny at the thought.
So Ashley came up with a brilliant plan, she had asked for a study session with Mrs. Ross, a middle aged blonde haired woman, who was quite attractive. Ashley chose her for two reasons– one: the thought of wetting herself in front of her hot biology teacher made her insanely horny, and two: the fact that Mrs. Ross had some strict rules that would help her in her plan. The strictness of the teacher made it even more fun.
"Hello Ashley," the teacher said as the young blonde walked into the biology room. "Now you remember that my rules apply here just as they do in the classroom. Which means, no interruptions, no bathroom breaks, no going for a drink and no leaving the classroom under any circumstances. Understand?"
"Yes, Mistress Ross," Ashley replied as she sat down and adjusted her clothing. Now, several things made her extremely horny while she was sitting there. One, her teacher had used the words bathroom and water in the same sentence while Ashley had a full bladder. Two, she had to call the teacher Mistress due to the school rules. And three, she was wearing tight and sexy blue jeans with a white T–shirt; while her teacher was wearing a white blouse with a strict black skirt, black tights and high heels. The teacher's blonde hair was in a tight bun.
Ashley knew that this was going to work perfectly. "All right, let's start the lesson," instructed the teacher. Ashley tried to pay attention but her bladder distracted her, she started to squirm in her seat just as she had planned to. "Ashley– Stop fidgeting, what's wrong?"
"I have to go to the potty really bad," Ashley whined. She would never act or speak like this normally, being already eighteen years old, but she wanted to seem as young and innocent as possible to help affirm the teacher's belief that this was an accident.
"You know the rules– you'll just have to wait, we still have an hour of our study session left," Mistress commanded in a strong tone. Now her bladder really was at the bursting point. Ashley was sitting on a science table right in front of the teacher's desk so Mistress Ross could see everything she did. She grabbed and clutched at her pussy through the jeans, and then went ahead and flooded her tucked in T–shirt, white panties and jeans. It was a big mess.
Ashley could barely contain her excitement– the teacher to whom she was so attracted had just seen her wet herself. Now the teacher would have to help clean her up, and since everything that went on in the session was private, Mistress Ross could not tell a soul. Ashley expected a lot of screaming to begin and braced herself.
Surprisingly, the teacher didn't say a word. She just pulled her chair out into the middle of the classroom and pulled Ashley over her knee. It took all of the student's efforts to keep from smiling. Her hot teacher was giving her a spanking!
"You have been such a naughty girl," and a slap on the warm, wet jeans. "You peed yourself like a baby, so I think you should be treated like one." Slap! SLAP! Her jeans were getting warm; the spanks were so strong that pee sprayed all over when the hand hit her bottom. "You are a bad girl, I think I need to teach you a lesson." After more than 20 hard spanks on her wet ass, the teacher let her up. Ashley tried to cry, making it look more realistic, but all she could manage was a silly looking pout since she was so turned on. "Now Ashley, I'll keep your secret, but we HAVE to get you all cleaned up."
The woman began to undress Ashley, first unbuttoning the blue jeans and then the shirt and next removing her bra, panties and socks, leaving the young woman completely naked. They were so close that Ashley couldn't contain herself– she leaned towards the teacher, rubbing her bare B–cup breasts onto her blouse and passionately kissed her. Ashley's French kissing was obviously turning Mistress Ross on, as she lifted the naked woman onto her lap and began to undress herself. When she was only wearing her tights, garter belt, and black panties, she took one of her breasts in hand and fed it into the mouth of the waiting student. Ashley played with herself on her teacher's lap as she explored every inch of Mistress Ross' huge tits. Then the biology teacher flooded herself and stripped off her remaining undergarments. They suckled on each other's boobs and then moved to oral sex, bringing each to several orgasms.
After making love into the afternoon, Mistress drove Ashley back to her house, both wearing only their panties, wet through with pee and cum. They couldn't keep their hands off of each other. Ashley knew that her plan had been a great success, and was hoping that when she got back to her teachers house, she would get a long spanking indeed because she had been a very naughty girl. And, who knows, maybe another bare bottom spanking would excite mistress once again?
AxMage