Karen, Mia and I had been friends since going to college at Ohio State University. We had all had a few serious dating relationships since college, but always seemed to get back together when those relationships failed.
This weekend we rented a cabin and a rowboat in the woods near a small lake in West Virginia. The cabin included just the bare necessities, and was pretty isolated from the rest of the campers on the lake.
We started drinking beer about 7:00 pm, and decided to take the rowboat out for a trip around the lake. We took a cooler of beer with us, and headed out to explore the lake. Blond haired, blue–eyed Karen was wearing a white t–shirt, a pair of loose fitting blue and white cotton shorts, and white tennis shoes – the All–American girl look. Dark haired, dark–eyed Mia, a little more adventurous, was wearing a cut–off pink t–shirt and a really short white miniskirt. I, of course, had to man the oars while Karen and Mia drank beer and tanned in the declining sunlight. Both girls are extremely attractive and, although we were great friends, there was always both a spirit of competitiveness and little sexual tension among us. It was starting to get a little dusky, and the girls decided we should head back. Karen, in unusual frankness, admitted she was getting a little drunk and had to pee. Mia, probably even more intoxicated, laughed at her, saying, "can't hold your beer, huh?" Neither girl was much more than a social drinker.
As we rowed back to the dock, it was becoming obvious that both girls had to pee. Both were fidgeting on the wooden seats of the boat, and Karen had her legs pressed tight together. Karen said, "c'mon Tom, let's get this thing back to the dock." Mia chipped in "shouldn't drink if you can't handle it." Karen said to Mia, "I can handle more beer than you, no problem." Seizing a wonderfully sensual opportunity, I proposed, "Simple solution – let's have a contest." "Last girl to pee is the winner, and is the drinking champ of Plum Orchard Lake." Mia responded, "Sounds good to me – chicken to enter the contest, Karen?" Karen said, "I'm in, but we need a big–time prize to the winner." Seeing this situation as already too good to be true, I said, "here is the prize – the loser spends the night with me naked in my sleeping bag – no sex required, they just have to spend the night naked. "Ok??" Mia immediately said, "I'm in, 'cause I am the easy winner." Not to be outdone, Karen also agreed to the terms, although she was already sitting with her legs crossed.
"OK, then, we all agree to stay near the cabin in sight of the others, and the first girl to pee or wets their pants loses," I said. Seeing as I am the only unbiased judge, I need to see that neither of you is already wet." Drunk enough to comply with such a ridiculous request, Mia allowed me to touch the crotch of her panties under her skirt, which was dry. "OK, next!" I commanded. Karen said, "I'm not taking my shorts off – these shorts are so thin that it is obvious I'm OK." I decided her logic was sound, and agreed that the contest was officially on. I handed each girl a beer, and said, "drink up, contestants." Both girls began swigging the beer as we approached the dock, each trying, as always, to outdo the other.
We walked back to the cabin dragging the cooler, and commenced drinking beer. Karen was now lying on the only bed on her stomach, and Mia was sitting in a rocking chair, but was slowly opening and closing her legs. After about 30 minutes of drinking, it became obvious that both girls were getting a little desperate. Finally, Karen said, "I'm going out to the car to get my toothpaste." Thinking little of this, Mia and I continued to talk. Soon after, I realized that Karen might be bending the rules. I ran outside the cabin and saw Karen on the other side of the SUV. I quickly walked around the vehicle to see what gave me an instant thrill. Karen had her cotton shorts on the ground, and was starting to pull down her panties. I had never seen either Karen or Mia undressed, and never really realized how gorgeous these friends both were. Seeing me, she immediately jerked her panties back up, pulled her t–shirt down, and put both hands over her crotch. Her panties were little white cotton bikini briefs that highlighted the incredible tan on her legs and stomach. She said. "Tom, I really, really have to go, but I can't lose to Mia – just let me go and don't say anything – you scared me so much I almost peed in my panties."
"Well, maybe I can overlook this rule infraction if I can watch," I answered. "You pervert," she laughed, and the contest was still on. She picked up her shorts. "Hey, you left Mia alone?"
I hustled back toward the cabin. Mia was not there. I opened the door to the old porch and saw her on the steps in nothing but her bra and panties. Her right hand had all four fingers pressed into the bottom of her crotch, and her left hand was pressing against the top of her crotch. She was getting ready to take off her panties when I purposely rattled the door. "We almost had a rules infraction out there with Karen, Mia, but I arrived in time."
"I knew she would try to cheat," giggled Mia, who was seconds from trying the same trick. Mia grabbed for a small towel that was on the porch and whispered to me, "Tom, I have to go a lot worse than I'm letting on – just let me pee in the towel a little bit so I can stand it longer than Karen – or else the contest is over." As I certainly didn't want to end the contest now, I agreed. "But I watch, OK?"
"OK", and Mia pulled down her panties a little and slid in the towel. Almost immediately, I grabbed the towel, saying, "that's enough". The towel was just damp with warm pee. Hearing Karen coming in the back door, I tossed the towel under the porch as Mia quickly put on her top and skirt. I knew that the amount she was able to pee would have little effect on her state of desperation.
Remembering what I had said about Karen also trying to cheat, Mia looked over at Karen and said, "I want the judge to check her panties now – fair is fair." Pretty drunk by now, Karen retorted, "all right – Tom can check them." My heart was beating so hard I could feel it through my chest, as Karen was pretty conservative sexually and this was a chance I might never get again. I slowly approached Karen, who had her legs crossed. I grasped the elastic band on her shorts and ever so carefully worked them down, trying not to also pull down her panties. As soon as her shorts hit the floor, she pulled her t–shirt down and grasped her crotch through the shirt with her right hand and worked four fingers into her crotch. I carefully moved her hand away and checked her crotch under the t–shirt, which was still dry. "She's OK, Mia!" Having to go so bad, Karen grasped her crotch again and, lying down on the bed, said, "now it is Mia's turn, again." At this, I carefully unbuttoned and removed Mia's miniskirt to reveal her lace embroidered white bikinis that were still dry. Mia lay on the bed across from Karen. Both girls were grasping their crotches, and were in the fetal position.
"New contest rule," I said, "nobody can hold themselves, starting right now." Karen got a shocked look on her face as she slowly pulled away her hand. "Mia", she whispered, "hold me, hold me – I am going to pee in the bed if you don't and nobody will be able to sleep."
"OK, OK," and she pushed her hand against Karen's crotch. I think that Karen, the All–American girl, was shocked to feel Mia's tender touch against her crotch and began to get horribly turned on. Mia suddenly said, "Hey, Karen your crotch is a little wet, I think you lost the bet – whoops, no, this isn't pee, is it?" Karen had, indeed, lubricated enough from Mia's touch that the crotch of her cotton panties was apparently slippery wet.
Mia was holding on bravely, but now had her legs pressed together tight and was squirming back and forth on the bed. "I guess I can hold you if it will help," said Karen, who then reached over to press her hand against Mia's panties. Mia's crotch was warm and a little damp, which Karen now recognized occurred from lubrication. Both of the these beautiful girls were now laying on the bed in front of me, dressed only in panties and t–shirts, squirming back on forth, with one hand on the other girl's crotch.
After about 10 minutes, I could take no more of this without exploding, and exhorted, "it is time to declare a winner."
"What now?" answered Mia and Karen with one voice. "Off with your panties, and no more holding until somebody loses." At this, Mia slowly peeled off Karen's little bikinis to reveal the most beautifully shaped crotch I had ever seen. It was swollen and closed tight, and Karen was rhythmically opening and closing her legs in final desperation. Karen reached over to remove Mia's panties, exposing the completely shaved crotch. Her lips were red and swollen and glistening wet with lubrication.
I grabbed two dishtowels, and placed one under each girl. Both girls were in agony, but refused to lose. Finally, I reached over and slowly opened Karen's swollen little crotch to reveal glistening lubrication between her lips. Her clit was just large enough to be seen under its hood. I carefully parted and closed her lips with my fingers about 10 times, just enough to see her very tiny little hole and to make her clit erect. She was very turned on and incredibly sensual, with her legs spread, her eyes closed, and both hands on the pillow next to her head.
Doing the same to Mia now, I found a very different anatomy. As I parted the lips of her shaved crotch, her clit, erect and almost half an inch long could be seen through the sea of lubrication. As I opened and closed her lips, she was rhythmically rocking back and forth, with her hole opening and closing and her clit appearing to throb. Both girls were quietly moaning, desperate to touch themselves or be touched. Just then, Karen let out a sensual cry, and I saw a tiny stream of pee, just a couple of drops, running down from below her clit onto the towel. Almost simultaneously, Mia, whose crotch I still had open, let out a little squirt of pee that barely wet the bed.
It looks like a tie, I happily concluded, convinced both girls would now end the contest. Mia said, "quick Tom, quick." She pulled me down on the bed and climbed on top. She inserted me into her hole and began to thrust furiously. Her clit was so large that I could feel it against my penis, and I could feel her swollen bladder with every thrust. After about a minute of absolute ecstasy, she yelled, "Oh shit, oh shit," and began an orgasm that encompassed her entire body. She was crying out with every wave, and suddenly began to pee. First, a little stream hit my stomach, then what seemed like a gallon of warm pee. The bed was absolutely soaked, but nobody seemed to care.
Karen, absolutely stunned and amazed by what she had been watching, had regained a little drunken composure and had slipped her panties back on. She was bent over with both hands pressing into her crotch. "That was pretty amazing way to pay off a bet," she said, "but you know I can't do that."
"I know you can't," I answered. Mia added, "Nobody expects you to".
Karen said rather quietly, "I have never even had an orgasm." Just then, Mia and I both saw a little spot appear on the crotch of her white panties.
"I can't hold it anymore, I can't hold it," she stated breathlessly. I reached over and began to lightly rub her crotch through her panties, careful not to open her swollen lips. The crotch of the panties was absolutely soaked with lubrication. At this point she began pulling her panties up with all of her force to put pressure on her little pee hole. In doing this, of course, it opened her lips to my finger's touch. Rubbing lightly against her clit, she began rocking back and forth, almost to the point of losing her balance. Suddenly, she began to cry as wave after wave of ecstasy hit her body. Her legs were shaking, and suddenly she yelped a little, as a stream of pee ran out of her panties and down her leg. She peed onto my hand for almost a minute.
"Interesting weekend, no?"
By: Tom