I have had this girlfriend for almost two years now but it has been just phone sex and hours of Internet foreplay. But... not long ago, we had the pleasure of a wild afternoon interlude and unbelievable watersport fun. This is a true story but it could be dangerous, so I wouldn't recommend it to everyone.
Twenty–five years ago, we lived in the same town and we were lovers and roommates at the time but it just wasn't right for a long–term relationship. We broke up and I never heard from her again. She was really wonderful; it was I who was the jerk.
Almost two years ago though, I found her on line as I was surfing some Internet site–– I couldn't believe it. We spent nearly a year getting caught up on the 25–year gap that had passed since we had been intimate. I am married with four grown kids and she is nearly divorced with two teenagers. She is living in Texas and I live in New England.
One thing we never lost though was lust for each other. Besides, as we grow older, we are no longer shocked at different things men and women may choose to do to each other in pleasure.
She had an occasion to be in my neck of the woods as she was visiting a friend in New York State. The short ride over to New Hampshire was just too irresistible, so I set up a place to meet. I was so nervous but at the same time, I couldn't wait.
We had talked many times about my pee fetishes and although she had never indulged, she was willing to come for the enjoyment.
I met her at her hotel on my BMW motorcycle. She had arrived several hours before and had enjoyed a bottle of wine by herself, which went a long way to ease the same nervousness she was feeling. Remember it had been twenty–five years.
We saw each other and instantly, it was like old times all over again only with a few more pounds and a couple extra wrinkles. She still got me rock hard in seconds. We firmly embraced and kissed right there in the lobby.
We stopped back at the bar where I had just one drink but she ordered a double martini. I was anxious to get out on the road, as the weather was perfect for a mountain ride on the twists and turns. She quickly drank hers down and so did I. As a motorcycle rider, I would never allow myself to get a buzz on before a ride but she was really toasted and she struggled as she tried to swing her leg up over the seat. For a woman in her forties, she sure looked great. She was wearing a thin pair of shorts with lacey panties, a silky blouse and no bra and a real sexy pair of boots. I had brought an extra jacket so she wouldn't be too cold but she opted to rough it. She said, the alcohol, me and the rush would keep her warm.
I headed the Beemer up to the mountains and the air grew a little chillier. She grabbed me and held me close. I got this huge hard on and she found it, ever so gently stroking me as I piloted the bike. Soon though, she whispered in my ear that she needed to find a place to stop for a pee. That was all I could bear. Now was my chance!!
I pretended to ignore her and turned up the speed just a bit. This added a rush to the ride and caused her to be just a little nervous. She said that the adrenalin rush was making it more necessary for us to stop so she could pee.
Once again I ignored her and continued through the mountain passes at high speed.
All of a sudden, I felt the bike shake a little and she started to move a bit on the seat. I could actually feel her body vibrating as her need to pee became more desperate.
It was really making me nuts.
I found a comfortable gear to keep the bike in and reached my left hand behind me now to find her crotch. She was pulled up close to my butt. As I started to squeeze my hand in between us, I must have put pressure on her abdomen and she let out a moan. I found her sweet spot through her shorts and started to slowly stroke her. I slid my hand up one of the short pant legs, slipped her panties to one side and proceeded to make her crazy.
That was it! She said that if I didn't stop this minute, she was going to pee all over the bike. I yelled out, Do it!!
In less than a minute, I felt an incredible movement from behind me and I quickly had to grab the other handlebar now. At almost the same time, I felt a strange kind of warmth. What was that? I had to slow the bike down to keep control.
She had let go and all that golden pee was coming down from her seat to mine. We were both soaked in her warmth but it felt really good. I thought I would explode in orgasm.
I felt her relax and heard her say, I hope you're happy now. I said almost, and found the most incredible mountain stream swimming hole to stop at. We got off the bike, and walked right into the crystal clear water. We cooled off and cleaned ourselves up. The beautiful scenery beckoned us to a big flat rock that had been baking in the summer sun. We had the most incredible sex, as we lay there all alone.
The ride back to the hotel was quiet and the air dried our clothes. We spent the rest of the day in bed, having the best of great sex and pissing games.
We still talk nearly everyday on our computers, She in Texas, and me in New Hampshire. She has long since confessed that the day she peed my bike was the most exciting sexual experience she had ever had!
Our next encounter?? My turn to go to Texas–I hope they rent Beemers there!
Beemer Bob