Groping Sophia: Excitement
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

I’ve always fancied Sophia. As soon as she came into the office every morning, me and most of the other male colleagues felt our dicks stiffen upwards. She has shoulder-length brown hair, blue eyes and a lovely smile with a sexy figure. She often wore figure hugging clothes, and always tended to wiggle her hips every time she walked around us. From the first day she arrived four months ago, she became very popular.

One particular day, the weather was hot, so the office felt like being in a sauna. We were all probably sweating in our clothes and drinking a lot of fluid from the drinks machine, Sophia more so.

There was also another problem… all the toilets were closed for routine maintenance, so after a while, most of us had signs of needing to wee. I looked across my desk to see Sophia, who that day was wearing a white blouse and a black skirt, pouring some more water from the drinks machine and immediately gulped it down. She came over to my desk, looking very hot and bothered.

“Gosh, it’s hot in here!” she said.

“Sure is,” I replied. “I can’t wait to go home and relax in the garden.”

“I wish I could do that as well, but first I need to find a toilet because I need to wee really badly,” Sophia said. When she said that, my dick stiffened even harder, because I’ve always had a fetish about women who need to go to the toilet.

Throughout the rest of the day, I saw Sophia’s white blouse get wet with sweat, revealing the red bra she was wearing underneath. I was also getting hot, but for wanting to put my hands on that lovely young flesh, and it became extremely difficult to control my deepest urges.

Later, I saw Sophia walk out of the office. I decided then to leave my desk and tried to discreetly follow her. I soon saw Sophia stand outside one of the toilet doors. At one point she was fidgeting a lot, trying to compose herself. She kept pushing the knob on the locked door several times before giving up. She then walked gingerly down to the basement, and tried to disappear into the cupboard where all the office cleaning equipment was stored.

I then followed her down to the basement. I tried to be as quiet as possible when I walked up to the door. I pushed it slightly ajar to see the sight of Sophia becoming extremely desperate. She was holding herself with both hands and bending double repeatedly. Her eyes were closed as she moaned softly, revelling in her desperate plight. It seemed that she wanted to wait a little longer. I quietly slipped in through the door. In order to make my fantasy a reality, it was now or never…

“Er, hi, Sophia,” I surprised her, and she was startled to see me.

“What are you doing here?” she asked.

I tried to find something to say, but I felt a lump in my throat. After a few seconds, I finally managed to say something.

“Er, Sophia, I’ve been watching you for the last few minutes, and I have something to tell you. I hope you won’t be offended.”

“Why would I be offended?” Sophia queried, raising a smile.

“Well, er… I often like to… er, see an attractive woman like you needing to wee.”

“Ewwww… that’s gross!” Sophia reacted… I thought I missed up my chance to live my fantasy with this very sexy lady. But surprisingly, she said, “I admit I like you a lot. You’re not like the other guys, they’re just a bunch of perverts.”  She grabbed my hand, and pulled me up, wrapping it around her waist, and gave me a long, lingering wet kiss. That was electric… that was the first time I experienced such a feeling since my ex-girlfriend played with my dick in the public toilets a few years ago.

“Can you do something for me?” I asked Sophia.

“What was that?”

“I know you need to go, but you hold on for a little longer for me…please?”

“Okay, I will,” Sophia replied.

I didn’t know how long she could wait because of her desperation. I looked at this sexy young lady and got so turned on that I started to touch that soaking blouse. I stroked her body through the blouse until she started to deep more deeply. Then I circled a hand to one of the nipples and tweaked it, which excited Sophia more. I kept tweaking the nipple through the material of her blouse until it grew hard. Then I wrapped both my hands around the desperate woman. She couldn’t keep still as she was fidgeting wildly now, but I didn’t care, I was in complete heaven.

I kissed her softly on the neck, then with one hand slowly unfastened the top two buttons of her blouse, and slid down into the damp young flesh. I reached one of the bra cups and started to squeeze it. Sophia, desperate, holding herself and trembling, was breathing even more deeply and moaning softly.

“I don’t think I can hold on any more,” she said.

“I know, but try to keep it in a little longer,” I replied. I couldn’t believe I was touching this very sexy woman, and I felt I was getting carried away.

After groping her for a while, I put my other hand on her skirt. I had considered grabbing her crotch through the material, but I realised Sophia may not have a change of clothing, so instead I reached down to the bottom of her skirt and slowly lifted it up to reveal her knickers, which were covered by the grip of both her hands. I slowly got it between her hands and began to stroke her pussy through the gusset of her knickers. She was getting wet, not from urine, but from her love juices.

In her state, Sophia simply couldn’t keep still, but I didn’t care as I moved to the front of her, pulled down one cup of her bra to see her nipple and started to lick and suck it. A few moments later, when I felt I was brave enough, I stealthily reached under the material of her knickers to push one finger inside her vagina. That made her buckle a bit, and suddenly, I felt some wee spurt like a jet onto my finger. Sophia was still moaning and breathing heavily as I pushed a second finger into her, then after a few moments, started to gently masturbate her.

“Awwwww!” she moaned as I continued to grope and prod her in such delicious detail. At that point, my dick, which had been stiff for a long time, seemed that it looked about to explode, so I stopped sucking her nipple, unzipped my trousers, and got it out to slowly stroke it. I was now looking at an image of this very sexy lady with  the buttons of her blouse open to reveal her sexy bra and part-exposed breast, with two fingers of one of my hands inside her and stroking my dick with the other. Suddenly, Sophia started to buckle again, and she spurted some more wee, this time dampening her knickers.

“Ohhhhhh, I can’t hold it any more, I’m going to piss myself!!”

With that I began to masturbate more quickly and felt I was going to come soon, but I wanted to do it while she was weeing. I was having the time of my life, but it had to end sometime. Sophia lifted up her skirt and pulled my hand out of her vagina so she could crouch down and start to wee on the floor. She let the fluid gush out of her pussy and allowed it to soak her knickers. I got so excited at seeing her act that I made myself come so quickly. My white cum shot out of my dick and dropped onto the floor. Some of it got washed up by Sophia’s urine. She must have held in a lot of fluid because when she finally finished weeing, it covered most of the cupboard floor. When we started to compose ourselves, we found that we were both drenched in sweat.

“That’s better…. I needed that,” Sophia said. “Now we need to get out of here before we get caught.”

“I second that,” I said, and I peered out of the door to see if there was anybody about, then we both sneaked out of the cupboard.

Later Sophia and I exchanged telephone numbers, and both vowed never to divulge the details of our new wet relationship to our fellow colleagues.

