Lately I've been staying up late and so I have two cups of coffee every morning and then go for my daily pee around 10:00 when I have a free period. Sometimes I have trouble waiting that long, but I can't leave a class to use the bathroom and so that's my only option.
Last Wednesday happened to be one of those days which I wasn't having the easiest of times waiting. By 9:30 I was almost bursting and still had half an hour to go! I crossed my legs tightly and stuck my hand in my crotch, fairly certain I could hold on.
After what felt like an eternity the bell finally rang. I leaped up and ran to the bathroom. I turned the knob and the door was locked! A tiny spurt of pee shot out into my panties just out of the shock of the locked door. Fortunately it didn't go through my pants so no one would notice. I looked up at the door and noticed a sign on the door said:
WHILE WORKING ON THE SCHOOL PLUMBING OVER THE WEEKEND A PIPE BROKE AND THERE IS NO WATER IN THE BUILDING ––– OUT OF SERVICE!!!
Port–a–potties are on their way to the school and should arrive by 1:00 this afternoon."
I flipped out!! How was I going to wait another 3 hours? I almost began to cry. I didn't know what to do. 1:00 was also a problem time for me since I had a class then, which didn't get out until 1:45. I said to myself, "Ok. You can do this. Just concentrate!" The rest of that period was torture! I sat in the back of the lunchroom with my legs tightly crossed and my hand jammed in my crotch.
When the bell finally rang I hobbled over to my math class. I sat with my legs crossed as tightly as possible for the entire period. I noticed a few of the other girls also had their legs crossed perhaps also in desperate need of a bathroom. When the bell rang I could hardly get up. I finally managed to stand up straight, well slightly bent over anyway.
The following period I had gym. In the girls' locker room when everyone was changing I noticed I wasn't the only girl there with a small wet spot on her panties. One girl, went over to the sink, pulled down her panties, and peed to her content.
At that moment some of the other girls cringed at seeing someone else's relief. The splatter of her pee on the sink and her sighs of relief weren't doing me much good either. In fact, another spurt came out just then. I jammed my hand into my crotch HARD. Fortunately that stopped the flow.
Gym was going to be especially tough because I had to wear my leotard, which not only means I have to take off my panties (and thus have no protection in case of an accidental spurt), but my leotard was a bit small on me and squeezed my bladder fairly hard. Putting it on reminded me of that embarrassing day I had at the track meet, something that I didn't want a repeat of.
I'm in the gymnastics gym class and every time I landed from a flip or cartwheel or something I cringed and jammed my hand in my crotch. Between the pain of the leotard pressing on my bladder and the movement of doing flips I almost lost control. A spurt of pee shot out, but no one noticed and since my leotard is black no one noticed the wet spot.
There was a new student, Julie, who landed after doing a flip and suddenly lost it. A huge dark spot appeared on her white leotard and she ran out of the gym crying with her hand jammed in her crotch and leaving a trail of pee behind her.
Back in the locker room I happily removed my leotard and replaced my panties and pants. In case of an emergency I took and bunch of tissues and jammed them in my panties so if a few more accidental spurts came out nothing would show. The feeling of my wet panties against my desperate pussy really made things more difficult, but I managed to get to my next class without any further accidents.
I walked in to social studies not knowing how I was supposed to make it through this class and then one more. I was bent so far over as I walked into the room I could hardly see where I was going. I hobbled over to my desk and sat down. I was constantly shifting position and crossing my legs back and forth. Ten minutes into the period a spurt came out and wet some of the tissues I had jammed in my panties. The wetness made my desire to pee completely irresistible. I intentionally let out a small flow of pee, trying to just soak the tissues, but stopping was harder than I had expected. I crossed my legs quickly and HARD and the flow stopped just a bit late. I had left a small puddle in my seat, but there was no visible wet spot on my pants since the area where I had peed through wasn't really visible.
My soaking panties and the soaking tissues were giving me a hard time, but I still had an hour to go. I jammed my hand back in my crotch desperately awaiting the bell. It finally rang and I got up to go to my next class. I noticed that a couple of guys had noticed the puddle I had left on the seat, but at the point I didn't care anymore. I noticed in between classes that some girls had completely soaked pants and I was just glad I wasn't one of them!
I walked into my next class feeling a little better, first because I had relieved myself to an extent, and also knowing it was going to be my last class before I could pee. Things got harder as the period progressed however. I was really desperate about halfway through the period and thought I was going to burst. I actually jammed my hand into my panties and squeezed my pussy as hard as possible.
I had to make it through one more period. I knew I could do it. My bladder was bulging as I was usually up to my third pee of the day by that time. I knew I had to hold out just a bit longer so I would avoid the embarrassment I experienced at the track meet. I now had my hand in between the lips of my pussy and my legs tightly crossed. After much distress the bell finally rang. It was now 1:45 and I was finally going to be able to relieve my aching bladder.
I dashed out of the room not really knowing where I was going. I saw a teacher and asked her where the port–a–potties were and she said, "Oh I don't think they've arrived yet." I was in shock. I didn't know what I was going to do. I asked a few more people and they also said they hadn't come yet. I ran all over desperately looking for a place to pee. The college campus was nowhere near a store and I knew I didn't have time for the long walk it took to get off the grounds. After 20 minutes of excruciating pain I saw a truck drive by that said "PoRt–A–pOTtIeS" on it. It was like the sight of gold, or of water in the desert.
Then I had to find out where they were putting them. After speaking with a few people I found out that they were out behind the school. I rushed out there and noticed there were only three and one said "TEACHERS ONLY–NO EXCEPTIONS!!!" It also had a big padlock on it, I suppose the teachers were to be given keys. The line for the other two was already about 60 people long. How were two supposed to be enough for over 2,000 students? I asked a teacher desperately if I could use the faculty one and she said, "Sure, if you can figure out how to get in, we don't have a key." I said, "But this is an EMERGENCY!! Please?" She told me not to worry: that three more port–a–potties would arrive within a couple of hours, and as soon as she could get a key she would let me in, but right now she was off to teach a class and couldn't go stand in line in the administration office to get her key. I looked at her and almost began to cry. I got on line and wondered how I was going to manage to wait for 60 people to go before me. I looked at my watch and noticed that I had a class that started in 5 minutes. I decided to wait for the bathroom instead of going to class. Although I didn't know how I was going to possibly wait for all the people in front of me to go first. The line was hardly moving. I waited and waited, as more people lined up behind me. I had my legs crossed as tight as possible with my hand jammed in my crotch and my knees bent so I was squatting down. I felt almost more desperate than the day at the track meet. I was squeezing with all my might, but I just couldn't take it any longer. Pee suddenly started gushing out in all directions and everyone was staring at me. After about a minute I was finally able to stop the flow; the problem was I was soaked and still really had to pee. The young women waiting behind me looked at me in disgust and pushed by me. "NOoooooo" I said. "I have to go again!!!" They pushed me away and said, "You've had your pee, just finish in your panties, what's the difference? You are all wet anyhow. It isn't going to make a bit of difference now. We really have to go and we haven't wet our panties at all!" I went over to the side of the line, behind the one lone skinny tree, humiliated, and let out some more pee. No other bushes were around, nowhere to hide. I let out some more and then noticed people staring from the other direction. I hobbled into my classroom with everyone staring because I was 20 minutes late and absolutely soaked!
The pain was now worse than ever since I was all wet and it just made me more desperate. Once again I found myself bent over in the double in my seat. My teacher came over and said: "Are you all right?" I moaned and forced myself up, but I couldn't handle it. Once again pee shot out in all directions uncontrollably. I ran out of the room crying leaving a trail behind me. It was so much worse than the track meet!!!
JoeJoe