Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 2)

by Francine

Chapter 2. The Trip

The day of their departure, Paula arrived early at her office. She and Erwin Kingsley, an associate of hers, were to leave on a 9:30 A.M. flight. She joined him at about seven thirty to collect he materials they would take. "Morning, Erwin", she began, "Have a good night? It's going to be a long day. I checked the packing yesterday, so we need only to pick up the last-minute items to take with us. You got the itinerary? I left it for your yesterday."

"Right, Paula. We need to get away from here in an hour. I'll take my car to the airport, if OK with you, and you can leave yours here. Let's see, there's one flight connection, and I see you arranged a rental car at our arrival airport. It will probably take a couple of hours then to drive to Sheparton, where the hotel and seminar is. Gee, why don't they schedule these things in cities with airports?"

"Because people with money to invest don't always live in big cities. Many like little towns, and we have to go where they are. Want some coffee?" she motioned toward the office coffee area. The conversed about the day's plans while consuming two cups each. "Ready?" Paula asked, when they had finished. "Just let me make a quick stop, and we'll be on our way!" Erwin replied, indicating the nearby men's room. Paula's response was "I'll wait for you. Don't be long!" She waited outside the door until he rejoined her.

At the airport, they checked in and again Paula suggested a bit of coffee while they waited at the gate. The flight was on time. They sat together through the flight. Paula made a point of asking the flight attendant for refills on the drinks offered in flight. She explained to Erwin, "Not sure why, but I'm quite thirsty today. You want another?" Erwin declined, commenting "No, I don't think I want to join the line at the lavatory." Paula just smiled.

At their connecting point, they had little time. Erwin found a men's rest room, located quite some distance from the women's. He excused himself., pointing out the location of the female facility to Paula. She responded, "No, thanks. I'll just wait for you. I'm fine. Then let's see if we can get a coke or something before the flight!" She stayed outside the door, insuring that Erwin knew she was not using the ladies' room. When returned, they had a quick soft drink, gulped down hurriedly, before they went for the next flight.

On board, drinks were again offered, then a lunch snack. Again, Paula asked for refills on the drink. After she had downed both, Erwin indicated that the lavatory now had no line in front of it, implying that she might to avail herself of the facilities. "No, thanks", she returned. "I'm OK. You go if need to!" He did.

Now, to be sure, Paula could feel that her bladder was very full, and sending signals of increasing strength asking for relief. She was not about to relieve it. She was waiting to see if Erwin would make some comment about her apparent lack of need to relieve herself, which she intended to use to open up a bit of an erotic conversation. She had not much longer to wait.

When he returned from the lavatory, he sat for a moment, looked at his watch. Then he turned to her. "If you don't mind an observation," he began, "I've been with you for about eight hours now. You've been drinking more than I have, and you haven't taken a single bathroom break yet. I've had several. You amaze me. How do you do it?" 

"Did someone tell you older women have weak bladders?" she answered, almost laughingly. "Mine is strong, and I keep it that way through the exercise it gets in long dull meetings. Well, yes, I can feel the signals calling for a bathroom break, but I've trained myself pretty well - I think I'll just keep holding for a while." 

Erwin's curiosity was peaked. "Why don't you want to go? It just seems odd, if you need to, why don't you?" This was exactly the conversation Paula wanted. She was beginning to enjoy it. "I guess I just don't go every time I feel a need. I know that I can hold, and so I often do. Can't you hold for a while, even if you feel a need?" The discussion went on for a bit. Meanwhile, her need was growing, her bladder becoming more swollen, producing considerable discomfort for her. She was beginning to squirm a bit. Erwin was obviously fascinated at this situation.

They got off the airplane at their destination airport. Paula picked up the rental car, which she then drove. She was still unrelieved. They started off in the direction of Sheparton, an estimated two hours drive. Erwin again commented on Paula's failure to seek rest room facilities. "I don't see how you do it - you've gone all day. Doesn't it hurt you?"

"You know, Erwin, I think probably you're right. I should have used the facilities back there at the airport. But I was so busy with the baggage and the car, I just didn't want to take the time. Yes, it is hurting. Quite a bit, in fact. Poor judgment on my part, I suppose - I should have taken the time." Paula was speaking the truth. At this point her bladder was badly overfilled, and she could feel it hard and swollen. She was doubtful that she could hold it until they arrived at their hotel. She didn't intend to - she was about ready to give Erwin a real shock.

Less than half way into the drive, Paula pulled the car over to the side of the road and stopped. They were in a fairly uninhabited wooded area. She explained, "Yes, Erwin, you were right. I overestimated my bladder capacity. I thought I could wait, but it's hurting so bad that I have to take care of it. Let's get out!" The "let's" astounded Erwin. Why both of them? "I'd like a lookout- I really don't want to make a spectacle of myself!" she went on.

She posted Erwin at the front of the car, facing to the rear, on the side away from the road. She told him to look out for cars coming from behind them, and warn her if he saw any. Then she squatted down right in front of him, pulling down her underwear. She released a strong urine stream, quite visible to him in the fading sunlight, and producing a noticeable rivulet on the ground.

"Sorry to make you wait and watch this - I really should have taken care of it back there. But - when a lady's got to go..." She was looking up at him, smiling, as the stream poured from her. She was amazed at herself - she was doing something she had never done before, she was actually urinating outdoors in front of a man other than her husband; and she was enjoying it immensely. Moreover, she sensed that he was, too. Nonetheless, she wasn't going to pursue this further with Erwin, a bit fearful of where it might lead. She thought she knew when to quit.

Finished, she smoothed her clothes and returned to the car. She didn't bring up the subject in conversations with Erwin during the balance of the trip, except for some passing remarks on the return flights about "not making the same mistake again". 

Three days later, as she returned home, she arranged that her bladder was again full when she arrived. Her husband was home on her arrival, and he greeted her as she came in. She quickly moved to the bedroom, where they had a quick embrace. As she told him of the events of her trip, she quickly shed her clothes. She then commented to him, "I have to pee so bad it hurts - let me get these clothes off, and that's what I'm doing next!" As she dropped the last garment from her body, she faced him, throwing out her hands with an exclamation, "It's all here!". She paused for a moment to give him a good view, knowing how he liked to look, then headed for the bathroom. She hoped he would follow; he didn't. Instead, he called to her, "Take care of it quick - we've got things to do!" She was confident there would be a satisfactory encounter this night.

