(A True story) 
My life long girl friend & I where on our way from Atlanta Ga. to Panama City Fla. one summer to attend the graduation of one of her siblings from Gulf coast Jr. College. It was a gorgeous day and we where riding in her 1987 Nissan Pulsar. The T tops where off as we drove down the four lane secondary road. We had dated off and on for 5 years and presently where dating after a particularly nasty breakup. Her sister (who I gotten along with) had invited me personally so it made sense that Sandy &I drove down together. 
We drove her car because of the T tops and the ideal weather. A shortcut dictated we leave the interstate and proceed onto a 4 lane secondary road. As I was becoming aware of a sunburn starting on my forehead (the t tops where off) I was also awakening to the fact that our usually lively conversation (conversation is effortless between chemical partners) had ceased. Sandy looked at me and said ”Mark I have to pee and I don’t think I can make it until the next rest stop”. She glanced worriedly at my crouch as she said this and wiggled. Our history had made her aware of how such an announcement would affect me. I looked around and there where no side roads to turn off or restaurants in which to seek relief. By now she had begun holding herself and wiggling in the most blatant manor. I told her to look out the window to confirm that there was no where to turn off. As I look back and consider this may have been pre–conceived because she was so familiar with the route. I then remember the look of desperation on her face, and I think she may have mistimed the springing of the trap. As we drove along I became aware of a true desperation vibe in the car. “ Mark, you really need to find somewhere to pull off because I,,,,,,, damn ,,,,,,,,,,, PULL OVER NOW”. To this day I’m amazed that I didn’t ether have a crash or suffer permanent eye damage. While pulling in to the right lane and then the shoulder (dodging 18 wheelers all the way) I saw a dark circle appear,,,,, then expand,,,, then expand,,,, and expand,,, at the crouch of her tan shorts at the apex where her two hands (crushed together by her thighs) pushed against her pussy. Imagine, from 65 to 0 mph, an 18 wheeler behind blowing his horn because of my simultaneous break lights and right turn signal, and the semi seen in the right rearview mirror starting to pass as I shot across his lane to the shoulder. On top of all of that I was stealing passing glances at Sandy’s desperate pleading eyes interposed with the expanding, (and expanding and…) wet spot. The Seatbelts caught as we skidded to a halt on the side of the road. To paraphrase Pink Floyd “the moment when the breaks locked, I screeched the frozen moments with my fears”(and passions). In no more than 6 seconds (as the car skidded to a stop) Sandy used her left hand to undo her shorts button and pull down her zipper, while her right hand released the car door latch. The momentum of the stop caused the door to fly open as her right hand undid the seat belt. Her left hand and hips then joined in a ballet of motion (she was still pissing at the time) as she grabbed with her thumb the left rear upper corner of her shorts, shoved down and around as she lifted her but and scooted to the right. The amazing thing is that I witnessed all of the above details while panic stopping a 2 seater roadster. The right door returning from it’s forward motion bounced against her ribs as her right elbow swung down to suspend her between the door and her left fist (with the upper corner of her shorts hooked in her thumb) pushing down on the seat. Road dust flew up around her suspended ass as a turret of piss continued to flow. 
Because it was a weekday the traffic was mostly commercial. My perception split into three distinctive (yet equally important) events. First the 18 wheelers blowing smoke and honking, second, the inverted heart shape spewing piss on to the road and finally the absolute look of “overdue held piss release orgasm” (if you know a better phrase for this phenomena please e–mail me) on Sandy’s face. 
The force of her piss seemed to decrease at the same rate as the traffic and my pulse rate. As her “overdue held piss release orgasm” subsided Sandy bounced a few times and slid into her seat while closing the door. She glanced at my crouch and acknowledged that she had anticipated, My raging hard on had not subsided. 
With a knowing smile Sandy’s left hand finished the journey around her knees, down her calves until her left heal popped through her shorts and her legs where free. Now using both hands she freed my fully erect dick. In one fluid motion she swung her wet shorts and panty clad ankle over the stick shift, and console, and fully impaled herself on me. The traffic roared by as she leaned to my ear and whispered “ go ahead, I came while I was pissing, and besides,,,,,,,,,,we could get a ticket”. 
That was all I needed, I came hard inside of her (add this to the list of things I could have died from this afternoon). When our pulses subsided my soul mate glanced over her shoulder, reached back with her right hand and turned on the flashers. 
Sandy’s shorts/panties sort’a splushed against the right door as she reversed herself into her seat. She glanced at me and said, “we should probably put it in gear and move before a cop comes along. In a daze, dick out (but subsiding) I checked my mirrors and accelerated into traffic. Sandy didn’t help my driving concentration because she was on her knees, bare assed between me and the right sideview mirror as she rooted in her overnight bag. She came out with a white Terrycloth towel and matching terrycloth shorts. Sandy folded the towel in half and sat on it. She wiggled and moaned, then cupped the towel between her legs and picked it up to pat dry herself. 
Watch the road lover, she said……… 
Peemark.