Making her wait... (Part 7)

by Sean, January, 1995

This will probably be my last episode of "dear diary", at least related to good ol' ex-girlfriend "G". This one is a little harsher in some ways, but it's still about what I love most, the girl who's just gotta go so bad.

Pesky background info required prior to fun stuff (if you wanna skip to the fun stuff, look for the heading Playing "Hold It" below). G and I had been together about 5 years at this point. We'd done a variety of WS and other strange-esque sex stuff. But our continual kicking at the stall and proving how independent we both were was finally catching up with us.

We had both started openly chasing after other people. And we had gotten a bit tangled up with cocaine, that drug that makes you generally do quite stupid things, lose entire days of your life, and spend way too much money. Far past that now I'm happy to report...

Anyhow, we'd actually hit the point of splitting up. I'd moved out of our house and gotten an apartment for the summer, figuring on finding another house for myself when the sublet expired. However, the breakup was kinda crazy cuz the married guy she'd been pursuing wouldn't leave his wife when I moved out like he'd promised G. G panicked, and began begging me to move back. She came to visit me, even breaking into my apartment through a window screen one night when quite drunk and coked up. Weird summer.

One night, as we were drifting into getting back together (at least briefly), we decided to do coke together again. We got a fresh eight ball, not cuz we were quite to the point of going through that much in an evening, but cuz it was a better quantity deal than grams. Two dumb yuppies with money to burn.

-- Playing "Hold It" --

After a bit, we decided that a session of "hold it" sounded fun. She drank a couple glasses of water and we headed back to her house (or still _our_ house actually at that point) to get some cuter clothes for her to play in. She slipped on a red miniskirt, white panties, and tight summer top. She was bare legged with little white tennies or something.

With her all cuted up, we returned to my apartment and she drank more water and opened a wine cooler. And we did more coke of course. We talked incessantly, as is standard behavior for the drug, sitting outside on the balcony of my apartment. She was starting to feel the effects of all the liquids, and was pausing frequently to squeeze her thighs together as her bladder filled.

She stood up and started pacing, and started asking that we go find a place for her to let go a little.

I performed a quick little "exam" as I was in the habit of doing by then. Instead of just taking her word for it that she needed to go, I felt for myself. I slipped a hand under her skirt and slid a finger into pussy. When she just kinda had to go, I could feel the firm curve of her bladder. When she got a little worse off, her bladder felt hard, and when she was approaching loss of control, it would begin to feel large and quite rock-like.

The texture of her bladder was also was very different as it approached maximum capacity, going from feeling smooth and firm to feeling sort of hard and bumpy like the skin of a grapefruit. I found it very arousing to perform this exam and developed a definite taste for this part of our activities. Anyhow, at this point I could tell she definitely had to go, but probably wasn't near losing it.

We went for a little stroll around the apartment complex grounds. They had nice little paths and an attractive little brook that flowed through the grounds. We walked with arms around each other.

We came to the little playground area and I invited her to sit on one of the pieces of play equipment and relieve herself a little. She scooted her skirt up and slid her panties aside with one hand. She peed for several seconds until I told her to stop. She always peed hard with a very strong flow; she wasn't one to trickle, that's for sure. As always I felt both very aroused by the sight of her letting go, and also struck by the beauty of the female anatomy performing this delightful function.

She straightened her skirt, adjusted her panties, and we wandered on. After a bit we sat down on a small grassy mound near one of the bridges over the brook. I suggested she make sure her skirt was up and out of the way in back. Then she peed some more, through her panties this time. We looked like nothing more than a couple sitting to chat. Only the quiet hissing of pee hitting grass let me know she was getting some relief. And then it was back to the balcony for more fluids, drugs, etc.

-- Sometimes You Have To Learn to Wait --

When she again began to suggest we go for another walk, I told her she'd have to wait a bit longer this time. I kept her waiting this time until I presumed she was actually getting very desperate. The feel-good aspects of the drug allowed her to tolerate the discomforts of extreme urinary need more easily than normal.

I took her hand and escorted her into the apartment. I lifted off her shirt and removed her bra and worked her panties off leaving the skirt on. She stood there half cross legged, leaning forward, breasts thrust out. I told her I'd take her back outside to pee in a bit, but first I wanted some sex. Then I got her down on the carpet on all fours. I slid the skirt part way up exposing her cute little behind. As I stroked myself to full hardness (cocaine seems to interfere somewhat with getting an erection, at least with me) I just watched her for a minute. Her pussy made little grinding motions as she clenched back her pee muscles. Again very beautiful, watching her body reacting to the now intense pressure, her back arching, trembling slightly.

"Gotta pee, gotta pee," she was saying, her breathing sounding fast and jerky. I slid a single finger into her pussy from behind, now feeling that incredible rock solidness and texture that told me she was genuinely in extreme need, the tightly stretched tissues of her bladder straining to contain the large volume of liquid. I entered her slowly, letting her feel my cock glide past all those tortured nerve endings and increasing still further the pressure on her bladder. I screwed her _very_ slowly from behind, pulling out every few strokes. We'd learned by this time not to hurt ourselves by overly interfering with the body's natural mechanisms. We knew enough not to obstruct things for too long so that if her body was getting to the point that it needed to leak, it could.

But I kept coaching her to not let go, to keep control. She was begging me to stop and let her pee somewhere. "Not yet," I told her, but I finally pulled out without coming and stood up, pulling her to her feet as well.

-- Losing It --

She stood bent way forward, bouncing up and down, bare breasts jiggling. She looked frantically around the apartment. She knew that sometimes if she suggested a novel enough way to pee that I'd let her go. "You can hold it," I said. "I'll take you back outside as soon as you get dressed."

She was holding her skirt up and pressing her fingers hard against her pussy now. "Please just let me use the sink," she implored. "Or the wastebasket, or the ashtray."

"You're a big girl, you can hold it," I chided. Then she made a sound, kind of rising in pitch and I saw her body tense up. There was a sudden burst of pee that squirted from between her fingers, still pressed against her pussy. She bent further over, and another sudden burst escaped her fingers.

I grabbed her and spanked her hard on her partially bare bottom. She shrieked with surprise and jerked away. I caught her hand again, and spanked her once more. I had never done anything like this before. Maybe it was all the pent up anger resulting from our crumbling relationship, maybe it was the drugs, who knows. It just happened.

I told her to go in the kitchen until she thought she could behave. All this sounded like I was talking to a little kid, so there's something for Freud in there somewhere. I scolded her for peeing on the carpet. She paced on the kitchen floor bent over, still pressing with her hand. I heard another hiss and splattering sound as she wet on the bare kitchen floor. I yelled at her again, telling her to control herself.

Then she came back in the living room kind of hesitantly. "I'm a little better now I think," she said. She sat down next to me on the couch.

I had her drink some more. I started telling her what a slut she was, but saying that a good slut had to be able to hold it. All the guys who wanted her didn't want a girl who wet herself, who couldn't behave like a big girl. She went to reach for her pussy again, to press her fingers against her wet slit. I pulled her hand away, telling her to act like a grownup. She shifted and squirmed and started to try to stand up, but I held her. And then she peed on the couch. She moaned and there was a hiss as she darkened the couch cushion. I pushed her off the couch and she fell to the carpet, another short squirt escaping as I pushed her. She was on her knees again and I spanked her hard. I pulled her skirt all the way up out of the way and spanked her harder. Another squirt of pee. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she said. I spanked her again.

"Get back in the kitchen," I said, pulling her to her feet. I made her drink still more water and more wine cooler. And I'm sure we managed to do another line or so too.

We repeated this another time or two. She'd pace and leak in the kitchen and then come back to the living room promising that she was OK and could hold it. Inevitably she'd lose it and I'd spank her some more.

-- Letting Her Go --

Finally, she was near tears, whimpering saying she'd been holding it for _so_ long and she had to go _so_ bad, please couldn't she pee somewhere. I acted very upset with her for her constant whining. Somewhere along the line her skirt had gotten removed, so now I went to a drawer and got some shorts of mine that would fit her, and slamming the drawer shut told her to put them on and I'd take her outside and let her piss.

She got the shorts on, moaning as she did, and started to collect her top. But I grabbed her hand and tugged her out the door. "You've got to go so bad, you certainly don't have time to get dressed."

It was probably around 4 or 5 am now so I wasn't too worried about being seen, or I didn't care or something. I drag her, bare breasted and bare footed, along one of the paths to a little more enclosed grassy area. I was walking fast and she was having trouble keeping up. I took her off the path and into the grass. "OK you can pee now," I said.

She started to undo the shorts and squat, but I told her to leave them on and stay standing. "You're such a slut," I said. "You can't control your pussy. Some guy wants you and you just gotta let him fuck you, don't you? Well now just imagine that all those guys are standing around looking at you now. If you can't hold it, then just go ahead and piss, slut."

She was standing instinctively covering her breasts with her arms. "Put your arms downs so all those guys can see your titties," I said continuing the fantasy.

She dropped her arms, wringing her hands in front of her, shifting back and forth slightly. She started to wet herself. She stood legs slightly apart, bare breasts jutting out, and began to drench the shorts. I felt like an owner taking a dog for a walk and watched the pee squirt for the crotch of the shorts and run down her legs.

I don't know quite what possessed me, but next I suddenly grabbed her hand and jerked her roughly forward causing her to stumble and fall, catching herself on her hands. Her flow appeared to jerk a little but didn't stop. She cried out softly, but the hiss continued. She started to rise to a kneeling position but I pushed her back down and commanded her to finish.

Resignedly she spread her knees a little wider apart and peed on all fours like a little girl puppy dog, the slowly dwindling stream emerging from the shorts and making an invisible little puddle in the grass.

When she finished I took her quickly back to the apartment. She was shivering from the cool night air. She had goose bumps.

And then I fucked her, telling her as I fucked her what a slut she was. Telling her that I knew that when her pussy was around some other guy, that it was the same thing, that she couldn't control it. If her pussy started tingling with some guy, she just couldn't wait to get her panties off and screw him. A rough angry fuck it was, too, let me tell you.

Afterwards, we talked about it. She'd been all the way into it with me, enjoying the harsh treatment while it happened. As sanity returned with sexual release (and as the effects of the coke tapered off) we both agreed we didn't really want to do stuff like that again. But it had been an intense turn on for us both.

It was a tremendous outpouring of frustration on my part for all the shit I'd been going through in breaking up with her, though I can't say I wasn't to blame for much of the problems. But it was a hell of a night, one I still think about quite often.

I did end up moving back in for a while. She promised to settle down and so did I. I kept my end of the bargain but she kept seeing this one other guy, and eventually her other married guy decided to leave his wife, so we split for good. Seems like when resentments build to a certain point, there's just too much water under the bridge to go back.

I miss her for the incredible slut and sex partner that she was. But I'm content to let that stuff live on in my memories. That's the kind of stuff that just happens due to circumstances. I know there's no way I could ever "act that out" with another girl. I just look at it as an intense, amazing experience that was the result of a bunch of certainly less than desirable human weaknesses and pent up emotions all coming together. But wow, what a memory!

Sean

P.S. The more astute regular readers here may note some similarity between this recounting and a story called "Bad Girl, Wet Girl" that I wrote quite a while back. I was new to the group and was using the pseudonym "Venture" at that point. But I decided I didn't really like the sound of that. Having finally convinced myself that anon.penet.fi was working, I switched to Sean. While that older story was based on actual events from my WS life glued together into story form, this thing here was a pretty accurate account of one single particularly interesting night.
