Jessee's Accident

by C.U. Squirm

A couple of years ago I met a girl named Jessee at a nite club. Jessee and her friend were trying to get in the door and the bouncers were checking thier ID's and there was some problem. I know the owner of the place and all the bouncer know me, so I told them to let the girls in and they did. 

Jessee was stunning! She had long brown curley hair and dark brown eyes. Her body was to die for! She was thin, had a perfect set of tits for her body frame, had great long legs and a completly flat tummy. But the best part was her ass. Jessee had the nicest, tightest, firmest, roundest ass you have ever seen! Anyway, we sat down and had a drink and Jessee had to go pee pretty early on. I'm thinking, "could this totally hot babe have a weak bladder"? That question was to be answered. After she got back, we left and went to another bar.

They had a mini skirt contest and both these girls had great body's and wanted to win the cash first prize. Unfortunately, neither had a mini skirt on. Michelle, Jessee's friend, said, "Lets do the contest in our panties. No one knows us here". I said, "Great idea." They eventually decided not to do it in their panties and I said, "My car is outside, if you girls don't live far, we could go get you some mini skirts". We decided to do that. Jessee was wearing skin tight, black jeans and I asked, "You should have done the contest in your panties, you would have won for sure! Do you have little black lace panties under those black jeans, Jessee? "No, they're multi-colored string bikini's". 

We got to my car and drove back to their apartment, which was about a 15 minute drive. They lived in a college dorm and when we got there they said I could'nt come uo and would have to wait in the car. I said for them to hurry up. They came back about 10 minutes later and we headed back to the club. About half way there Jessee said, "I'm going to have to run when we get out of this car". Michelle said, "How come Jess"? Jessee said, "I really have to pee"! Michelle said, "Why did'nt you go when you were in your room"? Jessee said, "I wanted to hurry because Steve was waiting in the car". That's the problem when you drink beer, you always have to pee", said Jessee." It's worst when your driving home with a guy and you say you have to pee and he tells you to wait until we get home", "I say I have to pee now, but they never stop for me!"

When we got back to the bar, Jessee got out of the car real fast and said, "Come on guys, hurry!" When we got to the door, the bouncers recognized the girls and said, "Lets see the mini skirts you got." Michelle stopped to show them, but Jessee ran by. I headed after Jessee. When she got to the top of the stairs she stopped because she did'nt know where the bathrooms were. She started bending at the knees and bouncing up and dowm. She said, "Ohh where are the bathrooms, I have to go soooo bad!" She started the wrong way, but I grabbed her arm and led her in the right direction. I said, "This way. Up the stairs in the back". Jessee said, "Oh hurry, It's an emergancy, I'm about to wet my pants!" I was hoping for a long line, but there was none and Jessee made it. No accident, but I knew she was capable of having one.

Later, after a couple of hours of drinking, we were still waiting for them to start the contest. They were milking the crowd to keep them drinking so the kept delaying the start of the contest. Jessee was peeing on a regular basis. I was trying to think of a way to delay her from peeing, but as long as we were in the bar, she had a bathroom right there. I heard Jessee ask a guy if he had any weed one time and I had some excellent weed on me. Jessee was getting drunk and I knew she would get high with me if I asked her. I figured I'd wait for the right moment. 

Jessee had'nt peed in a while because she was talking to a group of people. I saw her cross her hot, long legs one time and bend at the knees with her legs close together one time and I knew my chance was there. I waited for her to head towards the bathrooms and I cut her off and said, "hey Jessee, I've got some killer weed. Do you want to get high?" She said, "Yes, but I really have to pee!" I said," I don't have much and I have been waiting for you to get away from that crowd of people"

"Look Jess, I'm going now. it's now or never." She gave me this most incredable pouting look and I said, "Come on Jess, your a big girl,, you can hold it. We'll be right back." She agreed to go with me

We headed outside and I said, "Let's go down that alley over there." Jessee followed. When we stopped to light the joint, Jessee could'nt hold still for a second. She was hopping from foot to foot, crossing her legs, bending at the knees and anything else she could do to keep from wetting her pants. Finally she said, "We have to get back to the bar. I have to pee soooo bad!" I said, "As bad as last time?" She said, "Ohhhh. It is! It's an emergancy! Please hurry! I can't hold it much longer!" I said, "Don't worry Jess, you'll make it." She said, "Ohhhh, I told you I had to pee bad before we left the bar. You HAVE to get me back there! Ohhh I have to gooooo!" Then all of a sudden she stopped and grabbed her crotch and said, "Oh no, It's coming out. I'm peeing in my pants! Oh hurry! Please!" But it was her who could'nt hurry.

She would take a few fast, short steps and then stop again and grab her crotch and bend at the knees. After a few of these efforts, a huge wave hit her and she started to pee in her pants huge time! She tried and tried to stop the flow by twisting herself and grabbing her crotch, but it was too late. She peed for about a minute and she said with tears in her eyes, "Oh my God. I wet my pants! What am I going to do?!?" Then she started to cry and I said "Don't worry Jessee, it'll be o.k." But she kept crying and said, "I can't even leave! How am I going to walk past all my friends to get my bag?" I said, "Don't worry Jess, I'll get your bag and bring it out to you. You can change into one of your mini skirts and no one has to know you wet your pants." She said, "Oh would you? I would be sooo greatful." I said, "No problem." 

I took her back to my car and told her to wait for me there. I got her bag and came back to the car. She got in, making sure not to sit on the seats and get them wet. Then she took off her tight black pants. I thought I was going to die. There were those little, soaked, multi-colored, string bikini panties clinging to her wet body. I let her dry off with a towel I had in the car. She took off her panties and she put on one of the skirts, giving me a real coy look as she did it. I was rock hard and she could see the bulge though my pants and smiled. She said, "I guess I'll have to go without panties for the rest of the night." I said,"Well that could come in handy in the right situation." She said, "Like what kind of a situation?"

She gave me the coy smile again and I said as I leaned over and kissed her, "If you happen to meet some good looking guy that wants to make passionate love to you all night long!" She said, "Like who?" I said, "I have someone in mind." We fucked intensly in the car and I blew my load like I never had before. I said, "How about we go back to my apartment and forget about that silly contest?" She kissed me and nodded. then she said, "I hope it's not too far, I'm starting to have to pee again." But's that's a story for another time.

