Sharon's semester had gone as well as she could have possibly expected. She was doing well in all her second year classes and had good grades going into her final exams. Her Psychology 241 class was by far the most interesting course she had ever taken. She had her first ever sexual experience with Kathy, her professor, but it seemed like a one–time deal. Sharon had stayed behind after class a number of times; approaching her professor after all the other students had left. Last week, she had even gone to her during office hours with several questions, seductively dressed in a skimpy workout shirt and tight shorts in obvious desperation after a bottle of water and two beers, but hadn't gotten any response from her other than some long glances at her jiggling legs. Sharon reckoned that her professor was probably unimpressed by her sexual abilities or didn't want to face the consequences of people knowing about an affair with one of her students, a female no less. Kathy could undoubtedly have anybody she wanted, so why would she take risks with her?
Sharon had gotten A grades on all her assignments so far and the date simulation had gone okay in her opinion. She had been so distracted by her encounter with Kathy the first week that she had forgotten all about finding a boy to date before the second class. She had snapped to reality when Kathy had asked the class if everyone had been paired up. Sharon ended up stuck with the only other person without a date, a shy, slightly chubby, jet black–haired boy named Tim. All things considered, the simulation had gone quite well. Tim was quite intelligent despite being quiet. They had mostly spent time studying together and playing chess. Sharon liked him as a friend, but couldn't see herself being in a relationship with someone so introverted.
There was no final exam for the course. Instead, Kathy had created a simulated negotiation involving a union and management scenario with teams of two couples against two other couples. There were ten issues that the two sides had to agree on and the students would be graded based on how well they negotiated the contract. Each side had been given some guidelines on what they should be asking for.
The negotiation room would be videotaped and monitored live by Kathy. The students had been asked to dress professionally as they would in a real business meeting and don arm bands which measured heartbeat, blood pressure, sweat rate, and body temperature. The measured data and recorded video would be used by fourth–years to research the link between stress levels and success in contract negotiations. The students were locked in the room until the signatures of the elected leaders were on paper, at which point Kathy would come and open the door.
Sharon had been elected the team leader for her team, taking on the role of management for the negotiation. She had been given a few tips from her friends who had taken the class over the summer and had gone through the same process already. It was important to know your facts and come prepared for a battle. Also, monitoring fluid intake before and after the negotiation was critical. Last semester, quite a few people had wet themselves during negotiations because the process could drag out over a number of hours.
Despite this, Sharon felt quite confident going in. She figured that she would have to do most of the talking as Tim was quite shy and the other couple on her team had not really been speaking up in classes either. The room had a large table with eight chairs and another table in the back with coffee, water, juice, and snacks. Sharon arrived a few minutes early dressed in a grey business suit and a white blouse. She had cautiously sipped some water to make sure she was hydrated, but not to the point where she would need to pee badly later on.
Most of the participants were already there and the rest arrived before Kathy came into room at exactly 10:00 to wish the teams good luck and lock the door. It quickly became clear that the union team was in a similar situation as management, with a busty twenty–something blonde named Cierra, dressed confidently in a tight blue blouse and a knee–length black skirt, leading the charge. The other members were contributing little, if anything.
An hour ticked by with only three issues resolved. The teams agreed to pause for a quick five minute coffee break and planned a longer "lunch" break once half of the issues had been agreed upon. Cierra and Sharon were in intense negotiations with each other, both striving for a high grade by winning the negotiation battle. The fourth issue on the list was the company's boss sexually harassing some of the employees. This debate was especially heated with disagreements on what constituted sexual harassment. At one point, Cierra even rose from her seat to demonstrate exactly what the senior manager in the negotiation guide was doing. She approached Sharon who was seated in her chair and proceeded to touch her legs while asking her to do something, massage her back when greeting her, and make derogatory comments when handing her a cup of coffee. This issue ended up taking a full thirty minutes to resolve. Luckily, the following issue was a straight forward one and was resolved in ten minutes.
By the lunch break, Sharon had noticed that her mouth kept getting unusually dry. She finished her coffee and her water bottle extremely quickly and noticed her bladder was filling up as well. She could feel a growing need to pee. It puzzled her because she had been careful not to drink a significant amount two hours before the negotiation. During the twenty minute lunch break, she poured herself a glass of apple juice, feeling her mouth drying up again. As she ate some salad and a carrot muffin conversing with Tim, she could feel Cierra eying her.
As the lunch break ended, Sharon really needed to go to the bathroom. She could feel her bladder filling at an alarming rate. She knew it was only a matter of minutes before she would need to release her urine, but going to the toilet wasn't an option until the contract was signed. As negotiations resumed, Cierra seemed to slow down her pace pausing constantly to talk things over with her team and write notes. Meanwhile, Sharon was growing increasingly impatient as her desperation mounted. It was getting hard to sit still so she was mostly standing up, trying not to show signs of her predicament.
Soon, it got hard to even stand still, so Sharon was awkwardly pacing around the room while speaking. Cierra's negotiation strategy had changed completely. She would not budge at all on most issues, even when members of her own team seemed to acknowledge management's requests were reasonable enough. Sharon felt tempted to take Cierra's "take it or leave it" offers with her need to pee so immediate and growing rapidly. However, she knew she owed her team better than that. She held firm on the sixth issue which took over twenty minute to settle at Cierra's slow deliberate pace.
However, when the negotiations for the seventh issue started, Sharon could no longer hide her desperation. She was clearly in distress and everyone in the room could see it. She clasped the sides of her dress pants trying to bear the incredible pressure her bladder was putting on her body. She had no idea how she was going to hold on until the contract was signed. She shoved her hands deep into her pockets to try to discretely clutch her vagina. However, it was quite clear to everyone what she was doing. Sharon just couldn't understand why she had to pee so badly. She hadn't drunk much liquid at all until just recently, when her mouth had started to run dry mysteriously. Sharon was at the point where she could no longer think straight and was hesitating on many of the issues. Her team mates had been forced to jump in and the negotiation was tipping in Cierra's favor.
Sharon felt herself leak into her panties and quickly grabbed her crotch. She rocked her hips back and forth trying to contain the huge pool of piss wanting to be released. The negotiation halted abruptly as all the eyes in the room turned to stare at Sharon in an epic struggle against her own bladder. Cierra got up and went to the coffee machine to slowly refill her cup, making sure the sound of liquid pouring was as loud and agonizing as possible. It sent Sharon over the edge. Her face burned bright red in humiliation as she flooded her pants, turning them into a dark gray, almost black colour. She sighed in relief as a monstrous strain was finally lifted off her bladder and a puddle formed on the tiled floor at her feet. Once she had finished peeing, Sharon sat down in her chair with her head down on the table, too embarrassed to utter another word. The seventh issue was resolved quickly, quite clearly in the union's favor and the teams agreed on another short coffee break.
Tim tried to console Sharon who was in tears, finally convincing her to get up and get something to eat during the break. At the snack table, Sharon was eventually able to get him to leave her alone and stood in silence nibbling a slice of cheese. To her dismay, Cierra approached her with a few minutes left in the break.
"That was a tough break there. It's no big deal though; I heard a few people wet themselves at these things last semester."
Sharon burned red with humiliation again. She didn't know how to respond, so Cierra continued.
"By the way, you're great at negotiations. You really had us on the ropes there, until...you know...the accident. Oh well, it happens to everyone at one time or another, I guess."
"Has it ever happened to you?" Sharon asked, slightly intrigued now.
"Not to me, of course," Cierra responded cockily, "But this one time, I was out drinking with my boyfriend on a double date. The other girl got totally hammered. She left to go to the bathroom, but didn't come back for like fifteen minutes. I went into the ladies toilets to make sure she was ok and it turns out she was way too drunk to get her pants off and got her zipper stuck. She had ended up wetting her jeans and was sitting in her cubicle trying to dry them out with toilet paper...of course you know that never works out."
Just then, Sharon noticed Marie, the other girl on the management team sneak up behind Cierra and drop something into her potato salad. Cierra didn't notice, as she continued to focus on Sharon while telling her story.
"Anyways, I finally convinced the poor girl she was going to have to go out there and just admit she had peed her jeans. When we got back to our table, her date just called for the cheque and left, so I and my boyfriend were stuck with a drunken crybaby in pissy jeans all night long."
Cierra rolled her eyes and said "Oh well, I gotta get back. Good luck the rest of the way!" Sharon saw her sneak a quick glance down at her soaked pants before picking up her potato salad and returning to her seat. Sharon quickly grabbed Marie by the arm and asked what she had just done.
"I'm just getting payback for you," she whispered in reply. "I thought I saw that bitch slip something in your coffee when she was demonstrating the sex stuff, but I wasn't sure. Later on, I realized it was probably a water pill, because I noticed how much you drank after that and obviously it made you have an accident pretty quickly."
"Did you put a water pill in her salad, then?" Sharon asked, shocked at the new information.
"No, all I had in my purse was a sleeping pill from three months ago when I broke my toe. It should make her fall asleep soon enough and we will cruise to victory on these last three issues."
Sharon smiled as she watched Cierra yap happily amongst her team mates, eating her salad completely clueless about what was about to happen to her. Even prior to the resumption of the negotiations five minutes later, Cierra yawned audibly before getting up to refill her coffee. Now it was Sharon's chance to slow things down until the pill took full effect.
The eighth negotiation item was a complicated one about revenue sharing and the best way to implement it. Sharon had her confidence back and took control of the negotiation despite sporting soaked pants. Over the next fifteen minutes, Cierra grew increasingly tired and got up to refill her coffee two more times before finally succumbing to the effects of the drug and passing out in her chair. With Cierra's puzzled team mates left to handle the negotiation, Sharon won the next two issues easily with well–developed arguments. The union was struggling to counter Sharon's negotiation skills with Cierra in a deep slumber.
Thirty minutes later, as the teams were debating over the last issue; the unmistakable sound of liquid hitting the tiled floor interrupted the conversation. All heads turned towards the sound to try to identify where it was coming from. Cierra was peeing her skirt. Her dating partner quickly rolled her chair back to reveal the waterfall flowing out from under her skirt, down her legs, and onto the floor. Even in her sleep, her face relaxed from the relief of her bladder being allowed to release all the coffee she had rapidly downed to try and stay awake. There were giggles all around the room as the girl seated beside Cierra lifted up her skirt ever so slightly to reveal light green panties getting soaked from the wetting.
After the second accident of the day, the negotiation quickly wrapped up with many bursting bladders in the room. In fact, Marie was at the point of openly holding herself, hoping not to be the next girl to embarrass herself. Unfortunately for her, waking up Cierra to sign the contract was a problem. She finally awoke after two minutes of rigorous shaking and signed in deep humiliation after discovering that she had just peed herself in her sleep. After signing the document, Cierra promptly fell asleep again, still under the effects of the pill. Kathy promptly came to the door to unlock it and everyone except Cierra and Sharon rushed out of the room in dire need of a toilet.
Kathy approached Sharon to accept the signed document and get a closer look at her soaked pants. Sharon instinctively pulled down her pants to reveal her drenched red panties. Kathy reached in to gently stroke her pussy through the wet cloth. Sharon released the pee that remained in her bladder through her underwear, adding to the puddle on the floor. Once she was done, Kathy gave her virgin womanhood one last firm stroke producing a gasp and responsibly buckled up her pants. The other students would be returning soon.
By: Full Bladder