Title: None given-4

By: Lucy

Anna took her seat on the train, the locked toilet door with the white notice apologising for and inconvenience, was far from welcome. She had just come form a afternoon of meeting and interruptions that had prevented her taking a much needed brake. So she was feeling very inconvenience indeed.

Anna was a mature woman who although still having her looks she tended to the severe in appearances. Today she wore a suite with a long full skirt, white blouse and sensible shoes she had pined her (blonde greying) hair back from her face the ponytail reached to her shoulder blades. She was known as a no nonsense type of woman, not forgiving of mistakes. This had worked against her today, leaving the last meeting of the day in the company of senior management (all male) she had felt uncomfortable in delaying them o she could relief her self.

She had really needed to go quite badly even before the meeting ended which with her journey here was a good 30 minutes ago. The last to man had insisted on seeing her to the train, so even thought saying still was becoming difficult she had to walk causally up the platform. She shifted her position adjusting her skirt to drape the pleats precisely over her knees, appearances were very important to Anna. The beeping began which signalled the doors closing, she looked at the broken loo and sighed, resigning her self to a very uncomfortable trip.

The train staggered along as all electric type always did on Anna's line. She crossed her legs again. She scolded her self for her foolishness, yes she wanted to pee but she was a responsible woman and would just have to wait. Wait she did the next 15 minutes was a nightmare of fidgeting and shifting in her chair. 

Waves of need threatened to over take her, and with out really noticing her right hand traced the line of the pleats of her skirt, reaching where they were stitched down then moving down slowly coming to rest firmly against her privets. She looked around quickly no one had seen her, the folds of her skirt hid her hand, she moved her bag onto her lap just in case. But she did not extract her hand despite the painful need she felt it was not unpleasant to have it there.

After a little more time had passed she was forced to cross her legs over her hand, she really was getting worried she hadn't wanted to pee so badly since school. She leant froward her left hand on the seat next to her this gave support as she applied more pressure to her right hand. The third time she tried this it did not work she felt piss escape soaking her underwear, she crossed her legs then with both hands between them. She crossed them again.  Still the spurts were coming, more and more and she realised that if she continued to sit the piss would soak through. She stood up slowly walking to the door area, she leant against the wall and using her bag for cover held herself tightly. 

Anna was fighting a losing battle dancing and squirming, legs crossed get slowly wetter and wetter waiting for the enviable flood. She looked around in panic nobody on the quite train had noticed, suddenly she became aware of her hands they felt wet. That meant it was seeping through she was pissing through her skirt. Gritting her teeth she forced hands away. There was a large stain reaching almost to the hem. Panicking she sat down on the nearest chair, she put her hands in her lap, it was to late to worry about her clothes now and she must hold on! But still had to go so very badly. 

Unable to resist the urge to cross her legs she pressed her hand through the damp skirt as hard as she could. But the next spurt did not stop it grew and became a gush the pee poured out soaking her she felt wet on the back on her knees. Now she was glad for the fullness of the skirt the material absorbed most of the pee, so only a small puddle formed on the floor. 

Anna at to sit in the cooling piss for ten more minutes before she got to her stop. She felt another wave coming but savagely suppressed it. She waited until the last moment and then quickly left the train. She stood by a wall waiting for the platform to empty. This caused her to lost control and she started pissing again this time she pressed her legs together causing the piss to flow into her shoes. 

Anna started to slowly walk home the pee cooling uncomfortably. She was very wet and the stains on the front and back her clothes (her jacket was wet at the back) each step reminded her that she had wet herself. But arriving home she felt odd and did not hurry to change instead getting a large towel she placed it on her favourite chair and sat down adjusting her skirt. Once more her hand followed the line of the pleating but this time when it she pressed it against herself it had nothing to do with pain. 

