Pee Where You Sit Ep. 04
	More peeing on vehicle seats as the girls return home.
Author: RedHatter76

This installment is told from Theresa's point of view.

~~~~~~~~~

A trip through Europe is bound to be interesting in any case, but it was especially so for us given our unconventional self-relief habits. That effect was heightened even further by the fact that we had only just inaugurated Sam into the pee-where-you-sit secret, and she had actually taken to it really quickly considering her initial hesitation. She didn't even insist on immediate re-sanitation anymore, having seen how powerful our cleaning solution was even after a puddle had been left to partially dry. We rotated clean-up duties amongst ourselves every two or three hours, and by the time we disembarked from the train, both of our cabins looked and smelled as good as new.

Things were no less fun on the train that we took back from Italy to France in order to catch our homeward flight departing from Paris. I had the misfortune of discovering a heavenly fruit drink that was all the rage in Italy, and with good reason! Before I knew it, I had voraciously imbibed enough to leave me with an increasingly bursting bladder just as we arrived at the train station. We were a bit behind schedule and didn't want to risk missing our train, so there wasn't time for any of us to wait in line for the restroom. So I bit my lip and held it. If any of my friends noticed, they didn't say anything.

Anyway, when we finally reached our adjacent cabins and all entered the first one, I simply let my bag fall from my shoulder and found the seat nearest the door, already having unfastened my beige pants as I turned around in front of it. My companions hardly noticed as I yanked my pants and panties to my shins, sat down, and leaned back slightly. No sooner was my bare butt on the seat than I let out a torrent of pee that absolutely soaked the cushion in seconds. A soft moan escaped my lips as the pressure deflated soothingly and a warm puddle caressed my thighs, crotch, and butt. I was still going when Ginger finally seemed to notice.

"Already? Seriously?" she said in amused surprise.

"What? I had to go!" I chuckled.

Sam shrugged. "With all that stuff she drank, should we really be surprised?"

Her redhead sister chortled. "I guess not."

After a total of about 90 seconds, I finally finished peeing and stood up. "Now," I said as I pulled my pants back up and fastened them again, "whose turn is it to make the food run?"

Samantha volunteered this time and quickly took note of any specific items to look for. Ginger and I requested a couple of croissants, while Kara just asked for a good helping of pretty much any kind of meat. Sam herself made a parting remark about a craving for crepes as she left our cabin to see what she could find. She returned about ten minutes later carrying an impressive amount of food in her arms. Partially out of hunger and partially to lighten her burden (even though she didn't look at all bothered by it), we seized upon her quarry and were pleased to discover that she had managed to find everything we craved as well as lemon-lime soda and water. Within minutes, we were all chowing down happily, with Sam and I sitting on the dry seats while Kara and Ginger sat cross-legged on the floor facing us.

Kara was the next one to feel the urge. She and I were arguing as we ate about whether the Tenth or Eleventh Doctor was more badass when she suddenly paused and rolled her eyes. I thought it was at me until she plucked a piece of chicken into her mouth before rising to her knees to unbutton and unzip her jean shorts. "Geez!" she muttered as she let them fall out of her way and pulled her panties down. "What is it about soda that doesn't give you hardly warning?" She then spread her shins apart to form a W as she brought her thighs and butt back down to rest an inch or two above the floor.

Gripping her shorts to hold them aloft between her legs, she just let loose on the floor. She sighed as she unloaded no small amount of piss onto the carpet with an audible hiss, a large dark spot quickly peaking out from under her. "Anyway, you've got to be kidding me, Terri!" she said while still relieving herself profusely. "That speech about 'one thing you never ever put into a trap' sealed the deal!'" As her flow finally stopped, she stood on her knees again to re-dress herself and lazily moved aside to sit on dry carpet, revealing quite a considerable puddle on the floor. "Eleven rules!"

"Crap, Kara!" said Ginger playfully. "I think you're making me have to go a bit." She wriggled slightly and resumed eating, but within five minutes, it had escalated quite quickly. Ginger was soon rocking her torso and massaging her crotch. She wasted less than a minute at that level of urgency before she finally sighed, leaned back, and swiftly peeled her white denim shorts down along with her underwear. She barely even waited until her butt was quite touching the cushion again before a fierce stream of pale pee burst from her vagina and rapidly drenched her seat. She bit her lip and moaned as she spent the next minute or so with spread thighs emptying her bladder into the fabric. As Ginger proceeded to pull her panties and shorts back up, the rest of us agreed that it was time for another cleaning, so Kara hauled out the Phleb and made short work of the cabin.

About forty-five minutes later, Ginger managed to run out of Nutella and left the cabin to retrieve some more. Ten minutes later, she texted us to let us know she had picked up a bit of company, and in another five, she came through the door to our cabin with a guy behind her. "Thanks," he said sincerely, "I really appreciate this! I could've sworn I'd packed some extras!"

"No problem," Ginger said with a smile as she set her new jar of Nutella on her seat before beginning to fish through her backpack. "Guys, this is Frank," she gestured at the tall brunet before us. "I bumped into him on my way back, and he said he was just distracted because he was looking desperately for a wall adapter to charge his dying phone."

"Yeah, my friend and I must've had a miscommunication about who was packing what, and we ended up one short, and you can't buy one on a train."

We laughed as Ginger introduced us. "By the way, this is my sister Samantha and our friends Kara and Theresa."

We each said "Hi" in turn and he said it back just as Ginger blurted, "Aha!" She pulled out a wall adapter and handed it to Frank. "Lucky for you, we seem to have miscommunicated in the opposite direction, so we have plenty!"

"Thanks! I'll be sure to get it back to you before the train arrives. Any chance I could get your contact information in case we miss each other?" he asked with a nervous chuckle.

Kara have him a half-smile. "You can have my e-mail address. I check it so often there's no way I'd miss it."

Frank actually lingered for quite while chatting us up, especially Ginger and Kara. I was trying to decide whether or not they were in flirting territory when I noticed Samantha had crossed her legs. I didn't think much of it until about twenty minutes later when my eyes fell on her again. By then, she was holding herself and rocking her torso as subtly as she could, and I realized that her bladder had chosen a rather unfortunate time to start filling up.

She hissed a couple of times at Ginger to signal for her to wrap it up, but she just couldn't do it loudly enough without calling attention to herself. I managed to catch her darting eyes a couple of minutes later, as her urgency was fast becoming less subtle, and jerked my head in the direction of Kara's and my cabin. She rolled her eyes and threw her hands up as if to wonder how the hell she didn't think of it. She then rose to her feet as casually as she could and hurried to the door, grabbing her crotch and inhaling through puckered lips as soon as she was behind Frank.

I led her out and slid my key into the slot without a moment's delay. Sam had already unzipped her jean shorts before I'd even quite managed to close the door and re-lock it, and just as I did so, she unbuttoned them in an instant and practically tore them together with her panties down to her shins. She had barely begun collapsing onto the nearest seat before a forceful torrent of pee just exploded out of her.

The poor girl gasped as her butt finally landed on the already wet seat. "Oh, my God!" she breathed before moaning long and loudly. The flood hissed audibly against the cushion as she spread her legs and kept peeing desperately. "Oh, that feels so much better!" She continued openly relieving herself for about a minute and a half before she finally sighed in deep satisfaction as her deluge dwindled almost as quickly as it erupted. "Oh, I owe you one, Terri!" she said breathlessly. "I don't think I could've held it much longer!"

Sam dutifully cleaned up after herself, and we returned to find Frank ironically gone. When she realized what had been happening, Ginger apologized profusely for her apparent inattentiveness. Sam just assured her that the immense pleasure of relief had been worth it!

By that time, nightfall was fast approaching, and we all decided to watch a movie or two on Ginger's laptop before going to bed. Fortunately, there were no more wet interruptions. That would come later after Kara and I retired to our own cabin for bed. I was just about to execute the final cleaning for the day when Kara idly stood up in front of the seats in the nick of time. I'm not even sure she noticed her timing as she promptly lowered her boxer shorts, planted her bare butt on the nearest seat, leaned back, and let what seemed like a gallon of pee freely gush out of her, absolutely drenching the cushion.

She peed for a minute and a half with her eyes closed in contentment before a satisfied sigh escaped her lips. She rose to her feet just long enough to pull her boxers back up before lowering herself to the floor and crawling into her sleeping bag. I chuckled to myself and then efficiently cleaned up her huge puddle before climbing into the fold-out bed above the seats.

All good things must come to an end, but we certainly made the most of returning to the States. Sam went commando in a skirt on the plane again, and I envied her when I saw her shamelessly empty another full bladder onto her seat. The second time, she was in the middle of snacking on some Ritz crackers that we'd packed when she pulled her skirt out of the way again with her free hand and simply spent another minute or so pissing once more into the fabric.

Fairness was restored when we reached Kara's car in the airport parking lot. Kara was driving this time, so as soon as she climbed in, she unfastened her jeans and pulled them along with her panties down to her ankles so that she would already be prepared whenever the urge hit. Sam didn't even bother putting her panties back on when we landed, so she just sat down and could have relieved herself right then and there if she needed to.

I hadn't planned on it, but since I had gorged myself on the last of my awesome European fruit drink all the while we were collecting our luggage, the timing was just right, so I was lowering my own pants as soon as I was in the car and peeing forcefully onto the cushion before had we even pulled out of our parking space, moaning in pleasure at the combined feeling of the deflating pressure and warm puddle around my thighs and privates. Ginger, sitting in the backseat next to me and realizing that she was the only one with her pants still on, shrugged and rectified that in no time.

Although she was the last to drop her pants, Ginger was only the second rider to wet her seat, and quite thoroughly. She was reading some iZombie fanfiction on her iPad when she simply diverged her thighs, leaned forward a bit, and began peeing without even looking up from her story. Her seat was completely drenched by the time she finished.

Kara and Sam, however, took it to a whole new level. About halfway through the trip, we agreed to stop at McDonalds to fill our stomachs. We were waiting in line at the drive-through when a sudden loud hissing signaled that Kara had just let loose on her seat as she idly kept up with the queue. She barely finished peeing her usual gallon before it was her turn to order! Finally, we were pretty close to home and had stopped at a gas station.

While Kara was pumping the gas, I suggested that we take the opportunity to clean up the seats. "Hold that thought," Sam piped up. Even before she finished the sentence, I could hear her release another torrent of pee onto her seat. She moaned softly and continued pissing for another minute or so. "Okay, let's do it!" she said when she finally finished relieving herself. "I doubt any of us will have to go again before we get home."
