The Plane Ride
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 23rd, 2010 at 5:17PM

Another more recent story.

So one day I was going on a five hour plane ride from Orlando to Los Angles. I have a slight fear of planes so before I boarded I had severaly drinks to keep me calm. 

When it was my turn to board, I noticed I had to pee, but I didn't want to miss my flight and I figured I could go on the plane, so I boarded.

It wasn't a very croweded flight. I sat towards the front of the plane by the window. A young attractive man, my age, sat one seat over in the same row as me, by the aisle. No one sat in between us. 

Just before the flight took off, I stood up to use the bathroom, but the flight attendant told me to sit down because we were about to take off. I sighed but I knew I could go once we were high enough in the air.

Just a half hour later the piolt announced that we reached 32,000 feet and he turned the seatbelf light off. But just five minutes later, he came back on the intercom. "We are about to hit some turbulance, please remain seated." The piolt said. I sighed again. 

Every time the plane moved or jolted it sent a small wave of pressure down to my bladder. I started to get restless and fidgety. I still wasn't depserate, but I was uncomfortable.

As time passed, the seatbelt sign remained on, and the pressure in my bladder continued to build. I was very restless. I looked out the window and tried to keep my mind of the urge.

An hour later I was close to desperate. I couldn't sit still, and the turbulance hadn't let up. At one point we hit a huge air pocket. The plane jolted and we all heard a strange sound. A few peolple on the plane yelped. Everyone was looking around to see what was wrong. The distraction gave me a second to quickly cross my legs.

After a minute the piolt came back on the intercom. "No need so worry everyone, the plumbing systems in the plane just shifted, looks like the bathrooms will be down for a while. But the good news is, looks like we've passed the turbulance, your now free to get up if needed. Thank you." The piolt said. Everyone on the plane sighed in reilefe, I sighed in annoyance. That was just my luck. 

With in the next ten minutes I started to get pretty desperate. I still had my legs crossed and I was rocking back and forth. I kept my hands away from my crotch so people couldn't tell what was going on. I put my headphones in to try to keep my mind off of it. I glanced over at the man stitting next to me. He looked back at my suspiciously. I looked back at the window. "Hi, are you okay?" I heard the man say. I removed my headphones. "Hi. Yes, i'm fine." I said lying. "Okay." He said. He looked down and continued to read his book.

Another hour passed. Luckily the turbulance had stopped, but the bathrooms were still down. Now I was extremley desperate. It was so difficult not to hold myself. But I didn't want to be emmbarresed in front of the whole plane. I bit my lip and crossed my legs as tightly as possible. I desperatley awaited the bathrooms to be avalible again. We still had three hours left in the flight, I thought I could make it that long if that was my only option. 

I saw the flight attendant with the food cart walk down the asile. "Would you two like anything?" The woman asked me and the man in my row. I nodded my head no. "I'll have a diet coke." The man said. The flight attendant took a cup and filled it with ice. She took out the soda and slowly poured it into the cup. The pain in my bladder grew stronger as I saw the first drops of soda fall onto the ice. I looked away quickly and cringed. But I could still hear the noise. It made the desperation worse.I looked straight ahead at the seat in front of me. I had a look of distress on my face. The man next to me looked back over at me. I didn't want him to be suspicious so I smiled lightly at him. He smiled back and then drank his soda. 

The next fourty-five minutes were extremley painful. I had to go so badly. A wave of pressure suddenley hit me and I had no option but to shove my hand in between my legs. I managed to stay dry. The man sitting next to me looked back at me. "Are you sure your alright?" He asked. "Not really, i'm dying for the bathroom." I admitted and removed my hand from in between my legs, emmbarresed.

"Oh, that sucks. Are the bathrooms still down?" He asked me. "I think so." I said. "Would you like me to ask for you?" He offered. "Please." I said. He waved the flight attendant over to us. "Excuse me, are the bathrooms avaliable yet?" The man asked. "No, i'm sorry, but they should be very soon. We have people trying to fix them." She said. "Okay, thanks." The man said. The flight attendant walked away. "Thanks for trying." I said. "No problem." He said. "I didn't catch you name." I said. "Alec." He said. "I'm Sarah, nice to meet you." I said. "You to." He said and shook my hand.

We talked for a while. It actually kept my mind off the insane urge. But after ten minutes another wave of pressure threatened my bladder. I put my hand back in between my legs and bent over to stop any pee from coming out. Alec stared at me. "Sorry." I said. "It's fine, I feel so bad." He said. "I'll be okay." I said. But I knew I wouldn't. We still had two hours left in the fight.

Ten minutes later the pilot began to talk. "The bathrooms are back up and running, but i'm going to have to turn the seatbelt sign on for the next few minutes due to turbulance. I'm sorry for any incovience." The piolt said over the intercom. "Seriously?" I said upset. "Don't worry, he said it will only be a few minutes." Alec said. "I hope I can hold it that long." I said. I didn't know if I could hold it any longer than another ten minutes.

After a few minutes of staring at the seatbelt sign I felt a drop of pee slip out of me. I quickly put both my hands in between my legs. I moaned in pain as I stopped the flow. 

After another ten minutes the seatbelt sign remained on. I acutally began to tear up as I little more pee slipped out of my bladder. "Are you alright?" Alec asked me. "No, I can't hold it any longer." I said as a tear fell down my cheek. Just as I said that, I heard a dinging noise and the seatbelt sign turned off. I quickly uncrossed my legs so I could get my seatbelt off. More pee escaped. I stopped the flow and tried to undo my seat belt. But I couldn't get it off. I saw at least ten other people storm towards the two bathrooms on the plane. I whipered as I contiued to struggle to undo the seatbelt.

My hands were shaking violentley and I couldn't concentrate on what I was doing. After a painful minute Alec leaned over and took my seatbelt off for me. "Thanks." I said as I jumped out of my seat. But as I stood a huge burst of pee escaped. I looked down to see a decent sized wet spot on my now-see through white pants. I stoped the flow started to slowly move towards Alec. He stood up and moved out of the way. 

I ran towards the bathroom in the back of the plane. Their were three people online in front of me. I held myself and did a little dance. Two of the people saw the wet spot on my pants and let me cut in front of them. But the first person in line refused to let me skip them, and she didn't even seem desperate.

As the person in bathroom came out and sighed in reilefe, the lady in fron of me slowly made her way in. She seemed to take an eternity. After two minutes, I could feel the pee began to slowly flow down my leg. I tried to stop, but I could only slow the flow down. I stuck my hands in my pants and hit the door several times. "Please hurry!" I begged. 

A few second later the lady walked out and rolled her eyes. I ran into the bathroom, not even locking the door, and pilled down my pants. But I forgot to pull down my underwear. To late, I began to go right through my underwear. But I didn't even care. The reilefe felt so good. 

I pee'd for three minutes straight. I then cleaned myself up and threw out my panties. I put my pants mack on and tied my sweatshirt around my waist to hide and wet spots from the large amount of pee I had let escape. 

I went back to my seat and sat down. "That was close." I said nd laughed. "Close? It doesn't look like you exactly made it." He said jokingly. I looked down at my pants and saw how wet my pants actually were. I laughed. "True." I said.

It told me later, that my desperation was huge turn on for him. We started dating and have been together ever since.

