Melinda (fantasy)

by Lolla

I'd known Melinda for three months. I met her at the local funky area known as Five Points (does every southern city have a Five Points, I wonder?). She was taller than I, perhaps five seven, with a very solid Germanic beauty about her -- long blond hair, full breasts and hips, narrow waist, strong shapely legs. Her eyes were large and blue. She had a strong jaw and a small nose and a wide mouth. Her good looks were a nice foil to my own. I have long, reddish-brown hair, and an hourglass figure like hers, but along smaller, slightly rounder lines (I am three inches shorter). My skin is tawny while hers was fair. My eyes are hazel and large, but not round like hers.

My face is heart-shaped, with a pert chin. I found Melinda really attractive, but didn't want to say anything because I wasn't sure how she'd react. When we went out together, we bird-dogged both men and women, but her manner was always light and breezy, and I couldn't tell how she really felt about it. One day, at about eleven in the morning, she called me. I was sitting in my living room, wrapped up in a robe, drinking coffee. The weather had turned colder overnight and my coffee cup warmed my hands pleasantly. "Lolla," she said, "can you come over?" Her voice sounded a little breathless. "Well, I've gotta get dressed," I said. "Anything wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong. I just think it's a beautiful day, Fall's finally here, and it would be great to go for a walk." I thought about that. It would be nice to walk outside, now that the air was finally cool. I told her I'd be right over. I dressed in my favorite skirt and sweater. The skirt was black suede, about four inches above my knees, and the sweater was a burgundy velour. I pulled on a pair of panties and some black socks, then pulled on my mary janes. I eyed my reflection in the mirror. The skirt showed a nice bit of leg, but not so much that I'd freeze, and the sweater set my chest off rather nicely. I walked to her house, because she lived four blocks away. The air was great, crisp and drier than usual.

When I got to her house I heard her call from her bedroom, so I went in. "Come on back," she said. I walked to her bedroom and stopped in the doorway. She stood in front of the mirror, admiring herself. She wore a long-sleeved satiny white shirt, a blue cotton thong, and black thigh-high stockings. "What do you think?" she asked. I swallowed. Her legs looked great. She turned around so I could see the back view. Her ass looked great. "Don't you think you'll get cold without a skirt?" She laughed. "I guess I would. I'd go out like this if I could, though." I ignored the little drops of lubrication that welled up in my crotch at the thought of that. She pulled a very short blue denim skirt on, almost a micro mini. The tops of her stockings showed below the hem. "Is this too much, do you think?"

"No," I said. "You look great. I can never get those stockings to stay put without a garter belt. Enjoy it." She smiled at me at we left the house. We walked towards Five Points, and all the way I kept thinking about her legs, and wondered what she looked like under the thong. I tried not to stare at the tops of her stockings, but I don't know if I succeeded. We were almost there when she stopped walking. "Uh-oh," she said. "What's wrong?"

"I have to pee really bad. I didn't go when I got up this morning."

"Why not?"

"I don't know," she said. "I guess I just didn't get around to it. Yeah, right. I liked the feeling of holding it in too, and suspected that was why she'd skipped the usual morning pee. "We're almost there," I said. "It's only a couple more blocks. Can you make it?" She wiggled around a little. "I think so. I haven't gone since like twelve last night." I wondered if she would have to pee before we got there. The thought of seeing her pee made me very wet, so wet that I could feel the lubrication squishing around as I walked. "I don't know if I'm gonna make it," she said after we'd walked another block. She put one hand up her skirt briefly, wiggled around, then removed it.

This was driving me crazy. I didn't like the thought of her being uncomfortable, but I did like the thought of watching her pee. I wondered again if she had done this whole thing on purpose. Nobody waits that long in their own home by accident. "What am I going to do?" she asked. "You could hide behind a bush or something," I said. "Uh," she said. She stopped walking an I heard a little hissing noise. It stopped and she sighed. "That's a little better. Maybe I can make it now." I felt like my whole world had been slightly tilted on its side. I stared at her. "What?" she asked. Her eyes were very wide and innocent-looking, but she looked like she was trying not to smile. "Did you just pee in your panties?"

She looked down at the ground and started walking again. "Yeah. Only a little bit, though. Not enough to make a mess or even get me really wet." The thought of her doing that on purpose made me want to pee, too. I was suddenly aware that the coffee I had consumed was rapidly passing into my bladder. We kept walking. I held it. I had just gone to the bathroom a couple of hours ago, and wasn't about to wet my panties to relieve such a small discomfort. It felt good, actually. The pressure of my slightly full bladder combined with my arousal made for a really interesting walk. When we got to Five Points she suggested that we eat lunch at the pizza place. We went in and sat down at a booth.

"Oops," she said. "I did it again." I glanced under the table, but I didn't see any outward evidence. When she saw me looking, she spread her knees and slid down in the seat a little so I had a clear view of her crotch. There was a very small dark circle on her thong, maybe an inch across, which got a little bigger as I watched. "Stop it," I said. I was shocked, and incredibly aroused, at the thought of her deliberately pissing in her panties like that. "Why? It feels so good. And if I didn't do that, I really would wet myself."

"Oh." I pressed my thighs together. My clit was very hard. "You're blushing," she said. "Um...well..." She sat up straight and leaned forward in her seat. "Lolla, have you ever --" she stopped talking as the waitress came up to our booth. "Hi, girls. Would you like something to drink before you order?"

"Yes, please," Melinda and I both said at once. Then we laughed. The waitress looked a little confused. "What would you like?"

"A pitcher of ice tea," said Melinda. "The sweet kind."

"All right. I'll bring that by in a minute, and take your orders." When the waitress left, Melinda leaned forward again. "Lolla, have you ever peed like, somewhere you weren't really supposed to?"

"Yeah, of course."

"Where?"

"Out in the woods, or in the water when I go to the beach."

"Anywhere else?" I thought about that. I had harbored a secret fantasy life involving peeing for most of my life. Melinda had just confessed to me that she liked the feeling of peeing in her panties. I felt like it would be only fair to tell her about myself, at least as much as I dared. "Well..." I felt myself blushing again. "One time I was out at a nightclub and really needed to pee, but the women's toilets weren't working. I didn't worry about it because I like the feeling of holding it in, at least for a little while. Then when it was time to go home the car wouldn't start, and we were over an hour from home..."

"How long did you wait?"

"About seven hours."

"Did you wet your pants?"

"No. I peed behind a hedge, finally."

"Did you like it?"

"Yes. I loved it." There. I had told someone one of my deepest secrets. I felt better sharing it with someone. The waitress returned with our pitcher of ice tea and two tall glasses. "Hey," said Melinda, "About how many glasses are in this pitcher?"

"Six or so," said the waitress, "but those are twelve ounce glasses. It's a good deal."

"Yes it is," said Melinda. She poured me a glass. "Lolla, do you want to split a medium cheese pizza?"

"Sure," I said. The waitress went back to the kitchen to put in our order. "This is what I want to do," said Melinda. "I want us to drink two pitchers of ice tea. Then I want us to go for a walk."

"You'll be bursting by that time," I said. "You forgot about my safety valve. If it gets too much, I just wet a little and go on."

"What happens if you can't stop?" I asked. "Then I wet myself. If I realize I can't stop it, then I don't fight it. I straddle my legs a little and push it out. Sometimes I squat down and do it."

"Doesn't anyone ever say anything?" I imagined Melinda standing with her legs spread, wetting herself. There was a little twinge in my bladder. "Well, most people are really sympathetic if you act upset about it. Either that or they just stare at you. If you don't act upset, they either get turned on, or they don't look at you. Some people laugh, or say how gross it is, but I think they are just uncomfortable because they want to and won't admit it." We ate dinner and drank our two pitchers.

I could feel my bladder filling up, and I was sure that Melinda must have been really uncomfortable. Her jaw was very firmly set as we walked out of the restaurant. We crossed the street and she stopped walking. I heard that tell-tale quiet hiss, and her face relaxed. "Let's go to the park," she said. "That's a mile and a half away!" I exclaimed. I liked the idea of my friend peeing a little in her panties, but I wasn't so sure that I wanted to do it. And I didn't know if I had that kind of bladder control. "Relax," she said. "It's OK. It'll be fun, you'll see. Do you have to go now?"

"Yeah. Not too unbearably, but yeah I do."

"Good. Let a little of it out. You don't have to go that bad, so you should be able to stop it." I panicked. "What if I can't?" She stepped very close to me and took my hand. "You can. Haven't you ever stopped pissing in mid-stream?"

"Yes," I said. I remembered doing it on purpose as a kid. I'd wait till I really had to go, then when I got to the toilet, I'd only let myself pee in little spurts. It felt good to do that; it made me tingle. "You can do it, Lolla. Trust me. It will feel really good." She put her arms around me. "I don't want to get it on you," I said. "You won't, not unless you really let go and do a gusher. And if you do get it on me, I won't mind. Really."

I stood there, wanting to pee, but afraid to. I was still totally wet from excitement, and my body produced more wetness as I thought of letting a little pee out as Melinda held me. "Just imagine it flowing out, warm and wet, letting a little of the pressure off..." said Melinda in my ear. I felt a tingling warmth inside. I inhaled deeply and relaxed. The tingle increased, but it felt like the pee stopped just short of coming out. I pushed and felt a small hot stream come out of me and hit my panties. I gasped and tensed the muscles of my crotch to stop the flow. "Did you?" asked Melinda. "Yes. But now I really want to go."

"Then let a little more out." This time it was easier. I relaxed my muscles and another stream flowed out into my panties. I let this one go on for a little while longer, then stopped. My bladder was a little more comfortable now. "Better?"

"Yes," I said. "Much better." We walked to the park. Melinda didn't stop once to pee. I needed to go again, pretty badly. The park was completely empty. Melinda led me to the swingset and jumped on one of the swings. "How much did you wet?" she asked. I pulled my skirt up and looked down. There was a dark patch in the center of my crotch. I spread my legs a little and saw that the patch extended in a narrow line halfway to my buttocks. Melinda opened her legs and lifted her skirt. There was a damp patch down the middle of the thong. "You look good in wet panties," she said. "Did you like wetting them?"

"Yes, I did. But I really like to pee without them."

"Will you tell me how you want to do it?" I shifted around from one foot to the other. "Umm...I want to push my panties to one side and just do it right here." That was true. "Standing or squatting?"

"I don't know," I said, but that wasn't really true. All I could think about was bending my knees and pissing standing up. "I want to watch you do it," she said. "Please." I felt a wave of excitement so intense it made my insides contract. I looked around. No one was around to see me do it, except Melinda. I slid my skirt up until it was bunched around my hips. I bent my knees a little and pushed my feet further apart. The tingling warmth was already starting. I pushed my panties to one side. Melinda was staring straight at my crotch. She had pushed her thong to the side and with the other hand she stroked herself, up and down her labia. Finally I could see what was under the thong.

She was very pretty, shaved almost completely except for a narrow strip of short blond hair on her mons. Her clit was dark pink and it stood out from her lips. I watched as she stroked herself. I held my lips open and started to pee. The stream went down between my feet and made a spattering hiss as it ran into the grass. As I stood there emptying, Melinda started to moan. Another hiss joined mine, and pee jetted from just below her clit, hard, and she didn't stop it this time.

She pulled upwards on her lips and directed the jet outward so it passed between my open legs and hit my own stream. She kept pissing after I was done. Her stream made a bright yellow arc in the sunlight. Her eyes were shut tight, and her head was thrown back. She kept moaning little moans and as I watched her I felt myself come very close to orgasm. The frustration was more that I could take. I put one hand back between my legs, and my orgasm started as soon as I began rubbing myself. It came in a giant wave, starting at the center of my abdomen and working outwards all the way to the tips of my fingers and toes. By then, Melinda was done pissing and had started rubbing herself again.

I felt like I needed to pee again, so before I pulled my skirt back down, I squatted down with my knees spread wide so Melinda would have a perfect view. My bladder emptied again, this time in a soft intermittent flow, and I sighed. My muscles ached, I had come so hard. I felt completely relaxed and content. Melinda cried out once, sharply, as she came. I readjusted my panties, and pulled my skirt back down. I remained squatting for a minute, so I could recover. Melinda looked at me. "Oh, Lolla. That felt so good. Did you like it?"

"Very much." I looked at her. "Is this a one-time thing?" Melinda stood up and pulled her skirt down. "I hope not. I don't want it to be. It's more fun with somebody else." She reached a hand down to me and helped me up. That day was the beginning of our adventures.

