Jill sat in the corner seat of the train compartment; she felt and looked seductive in her new yellow two–piece suit. The pleated mini skirt showed her legs to good advantage, together with the black sheer stockings held in place with a matching frilly suspender belt, black patent leather shoes. She felt confident that he would be impressed with her appearance. Jill was aware of Ian's predilection regarding water sports, and knicker wetting. In fact it was she who, in the earlier stages of their relationship, could be credited with his induction into the delights of wet love. The last time he had talked to her was only last night. Speaking to her on the telephone he had been describing what they could do when next they were together. His seductive voice had got her so carried away that she had not only masturbated, but she had wet in her panties, sitting on the side of the bed. Luckily, she had just managed to move before she had got into full flow; then finished up squatting beside the bed peeing on the carpet, as she frigged herself through her panties. Ian, she realized was probably masturbating himself as well at the other end of the line while she related all that she was doing to herself. Like how her pee was pouring through her panties, hot and wet, and what it felt like having two fingers thrust up the leg of her soaking attire, strumming frenziedly. It was right after that Ian had suggested she put her wet panties on the radiator, and then wear them today on the way down. She was working currently in Guilford, and today she was traveling by train to Ian's home in a small village just outside Winchester. Jill having submitted to Ian pleas, felt the stiffness of last night's dried pee and cunt juice on her panties, and was aware of the biscuit smell that stemmed from under her skirt, lingering despite the perfume she wore. She was glad that she had the compartment to herself. She had also complied with his request not to go to the loo until after she arrived. Now there where only ten minutes remaining before the train arrived, her bladder was at bursting point, compelling Jill to hold herself with her hand between crossed legs. That plus the anticipation of a long weekend of wet sex, had her imagination working overtime so that she could not resist rubbing herself and squeezing the lips of her vulva, where her panties were stiff with dried pee. They had chaffed her cunt as she walked along on the way to the station. The contemplation of the wet adventures ahead was creating coarse pictures in her mind, stimulating her to a highly excited frame of mind, so she indulged herself, in masturbating herself almost to another climax. She just managed to control the urge to cum– promising herself that it would be better to wait for the real thing when she arrived at Ian's home. She knew she was prepared to do things she had never done before in order to get the satisfaction she craved. Removing her case from the luggage rack was a strain and induced a small leak. Then, when she was sure her relief was at hand, the train stopped outside the station with Jill standing in the corridor with her legs clamped together but unable to stop another dribble which soaked the crotch of her panties and the tops of her stockings. Eventually after a wait of about ten minutes the train pulled into the station. Disembarking induced a further leak, which added further pee to the sodden crotch of her panties and allowing a dribble to run down her leg almost reaching the inside of her knees. She was glad that only two other people got off at the country station, as she hung behind so that no one would notice that her wet panties were inducing a mincing walk. Ian threw his arms round her hugging her to him. As he kissed her, she whispered in his ear "please let's get out of here, I am almost doing it in my panties." Ian's reaction was instantaneous; she knew he was aroused as she could feel his hardness along her thigh. Releasing her, he took her suitcase and helped her through a gate and into the car park. She had every intention of using the situation to her advantage. Wetting her panties prior to masturbating was one thing; but doing it so that Ian would give her the fucking of a lifetime, would fulfill a long time fantasy. Her mind went back to past meetings, which had begun just like this one. Boy he could make it last so long, the whole thing just got better and better with each wave of pleasure till her trembling legs went rigid and at the height of her pleasure she would release a long hot jet of pee. Just thinking of the last time they had done that, had her pushing her clit into the wet material as she walked; she could not wait for him to play with her vagina. She wriggled her bum inside her wet panties, reliving the sensations she had experienced on the train They reached the car, which was parked in front of a hedge and obscured from view. Ian went to the back of the car to put her suitcase into the trunk. Jill followed him; she stood with her back to the hedge facing him. She hiked her skirt up round her waist, saying "don't touch yet, just watch" then squatted down with her knees wide open, and her ample thighs revealing to Ian eager eyes her already wet panties and stockings. Squatting thus she relaxed her bladder causing her pee to pour through her panties. As she did this she diddled herself with one finger so that Ian's view would not be obstructed. Jill pressed her hand onto her cunt, stimulating herself while making her want to pee all the more. She had been dying to pee for such a long time that together with the fact that she was on the verge of cumming, was so exciting, that it made her legs tremble. The whole situation was known to no one but herself and Ian, and her overtaxed sphincter no longer strove to hold back the piss that had threatened to embarrass her earlier, she just let it go, peeing out into her knickers. Soaking her suspender belt, stockings, and filling her shoes, and splashing on the ground, her pee ran along in little rivulets to form a pool at Ian's feet. She had intended to bring herself off, but as the stream subsided Ian unzipped his jeans and released his throbbing cock. Then he lifted her to her feet and seated her on the car trunk. She felt her panties tear and the hot surface of the car on her naked bottom. Then oh! Bliss! That long hard cock was eased into her a little at a time, then out then in, her senses registering the highest point of her pleasure, as she cried "fuck me, fucckkk meee, bloody fuuuuucccckkkk mmmmeeee" when a tumultuous orgasm jolted her from head to toe. Ian's body was straining against hers, his prick embedded as far as it would go, there was so much spunk pumped in to her that when he released her she felt she was pissing herself again. With the gusset of her panties gone it ran down her legs into her stocking tops. They stood there cuddling for quite a time, and then Ian pulled down what remained of her panties, using them to wipe her cunt and legs before wiping his own cock, and zipped up. Then in gratitude, he bent down and holding Jill's thighs apart placed kisses on her legs, before running his tongue up and down the lips of her swollen vagina. Jill moaned softly "again, again," at which time Ian murmured "later!" Getting into the car, Ian suggested they call for some lunch and a drink at his club. Jill was a little concerned about going in with no panties on, and she felt her skirt was damp at the back, but Ian reassured her that it did not show. Jill could not help but contemplate what opportunities the club might afford to further assuage her still itching fanny. If she could have envisaged what she was about to do she might have been compelled to masturbate right there in the car. 
Next: THE CLUB 
Undine