Twin Falls

Posted by Tinker, November 1994 

My time with Diana turned out to be one of the most wonderful in my whole life. She really understood what I liked, and we had a lot of fun together. She'd go out training her cheerleaders, have a wonderful afternoon with the girls, and come back in the mood for more. It was a forbidden delight, secret and safe in her apartment. 

But it was our weekend sightseeing trips that gave us our greatest thrills. Naturally, seeing the sights was just a pretext. We were after something else. Though Diana's cheerleader uniform would have been the ideal garment to wear on such occasions, it would attract too much attention. And as a flimsy mini is easy enough to wear, but just doesn't cover you up enough, Diana always felt more at ease in a medium or long skirt or a dress. Wearing a long dress, she explained, was more exciting because it simply made you much more aware of the fact that you were actually wetting yourself. 

Diana once even spent an entire day trying different dresses and skirts, while changing into dry underwear after each test run. She would pick a skirt, put it on, walk about for five minutes to get some feeling for the garment, and then she would start to tease me. With minis, she would bend over often, but always just not enough to show her underwear. With longer skirts, she would sit down with her knees just not opened wide enough. With long skirts, she would put her legs in outrageous positions that would reveal everything and more if the skirt hadn't been so long. And every time Diana found a new part to play. She would be a school girl waiting for the bus delayed by traffic. A waitress, on duty for too long. A secretary standing at the copier, collating a very important, very long job. A cheerleader on the field, hopping in the rain.

A tennis player in her dressing room, disconsolate after losing. A naughty, tipsy girl giggling uncontrollably at a party. A soloist in a choir, now she's standing on one leg, swaying. The ambassador's wife at a garden party. And in all these roles, Diana would find the perfect way to get herself wonderfully wet panties with remarkable ease and grace. She never had to invent an unrealistic scenario: she just got caught short, and neatly solved the problem in a creative way. So after some try-outs with minis, both standing and squatting, Diana felt that little skirts, however useful, did not give her that special feeling of naughtiness that a long skirt could. With a mini it just feels ordinary, like when you're wetting your swimsuit. You know that nobody sees your underwear getting wet, and the wetting itself is always nice, of course, but it does miss that certain naughtiness.

Like it's too simple. You just spread and pee into your panties. You don't feel your skirt at all and just hope for the best. Under a long skirt or dress, however, you are far more aware of the fabric touching your legs, and you really need to overcome inhibitions to start wetting yourself. Under a mini, you pee through your panties; under a long dress, you piss into your clothes. Even when the net effect is exactly the same, it's just not the same in a mini, somehow. Diana's favorite was a sleeveless black dress, tight at the top, and wide at the ankles.

She wore it with her black boots underneath, and while not matching the effect of the red cheerleader uniform, it certainly turned a head or two. I couldn't begin to count the times we'd been out walking together somewhere, when she'd suddenly pulled me aside, off the path, to show me a particular interesting view of the something or other that we happened to be visiting. Diana would inconspicuously part her legs, grab my hand, take a deep breath, and do it right there. 

I would embrace and kiss her, while deep under her skirt a warm wetness took possession of her crotch and while she pressed herself against me, mances of that afternoon as closely as possible. Wetting myself under that dress was great, and looking at her stunning uniform while Diana wetted and rode herself off on the edge of the bath tub, I'd always just explode. Still, I did feel that something was missing. And while walking in a park, with Diana wearing her dress and slowly gearing up for the first (and often best) wetting of the day, I once expressed my desire to wear a dress as well, so that we could enjoy the experience together.

Diana, who knew my preference for dresses to wet myself in, sighed and looked at me. "I know. It must be hard for you to see me wetting myself week after week, and not being able to do it yourself. But you know it is impossible. It would be too obvious and everybody would look at you." I nodded. My experiences with the cheerleader team, especially the few times in which I actually changed into their uniform and joined them in their wet games, had made it painfully clear that my body did not in any way look female.

This did not matter while playing naughty games with sympathetic girls around, but would raise a problem elsewhere. However, I reasoned, if I would wear a long dress instead of a tiny uniform skirt, my leg hair would be covered up; especially with high boots. Having no hips and breasts isn't immediately clear to passers-by, and hands and arms could be covered up, too. So only my head remained. My hair needed a bit of work, and probably my face as well. While Diana pranced on the grass, trying out a new pose, I thought about all this and when she came back, satisfied and curious why I had not embraced her like I always did the moment she got wet, I told her my idea.

Diana thought for a long, intent moment, then nodded and said it was worth giving it a try. She figured we could rush home and get ready before dark, so that we could experiment the rest of the day and evening. So we got back to her car, and she had to pull up her dress highly to prevent staining it while she sat down onto the specially prepared car seat. At home, Diana dug up her make-up set and started to work on my face. It needed a good shave, and lots of powder and other stuff I didn't even know of, but eventually she thought I could pass, given a little distance in the half-light. She remodelled my hair with something probably close to toxic waste and I almost didn't recognize myself. 

Finally, I put on a long-sleeved finely-woven sweater, and her long dress over that. Diana wanted me to try on some ear rings too, but I turned them down flat: I only wanted to wear a dress to wet myself under; not to imitate a girl. All I needed was to go unnoticed by passers-by. Diana put on a long wide skirt with a sweater, and we finished off our outfits by carefully choosing appropriate panties. We prepared our evening meal and made sure that we drunk enough to make it worthwhile. When dusk just had set in, Diana drove us into the country. I soon felt comfortable, safely in her fast car, and I let myself relax a bit. She smiled. This evening promised to be something special.

By the time it was so dark that we had to turn on the headlamps, we reached a dimly lit path through a small forest, leading to a similarly illuminated waterfall. There were only a few people around, and I counted only five other parked cars. Carefully, I got out, and Diana giggled and reminded me of the problems wearing a long dress. But it was worth it. Soon, we walked towards the dimly lighted waterfall, and feeling the wind touching my bare legs under my dress was a wonderful sensation. The thought alone that I could just wee into my panties without anyone noticing it made that walk to an unforgettable experience. 

Diana walked lightly next to me, and simply announced that she would not be able to postpone her relief much longer. I told her to go ahead if she felt it was time. She looked at me. "Really? I don't have to wait for you?"

"Nope. You can do it right away, now, if you want to." Her face lit up, and with a simple "Thanks!," she stopped walking. Without any further preparation, she looked down to her slightly parted feet and took a breath. While hissing "Yessss", she let her warmth enter her underwear, and issing "Yes! Yes!" while all she had been saving through the afternoon washed through her panties. Some people approaching caused her to keep silent for a moment, and while they disappeared again we both giggled since they had neither discovered my disguise nor Diana's wet game. While Diana stopped the dripping between her legs by squeezing her thighs together, I started towards the waterfall. By the time we reached the falls, my need to pee had become obvious and I consulted Diana about my tactics.

She looked around, saw that no people were near, and advised the classical way: legs apart, hands on the fence of the falls, and don't hesitate too long, as people might decide to look twice. I frowned. Couldn't I just sneakily start to trickle, and pretend to be a girl dying for a pee that couldn't find a sheltered spot and decided to wet herself a bit instead? Diana smiled. "Listen. Do you want to toy around or do you want to get real?" Suddenly I knew that this, indeed, was the way to go. I had become like that girl desperate for a pee, and had just decided that finding a toilet in time was both improbable and a waste of time anyway. I wore a dress, so I had a natural way to quickly get it over. So I checked my clothes, and walked towards the fence. Diana followed, clearly as excited as I was. 

Arriving at the fence, I put my hands onto the iron bar and looked down into the river bed. The falls made quite a lot of noise. After a quick glance at Diana, who smiled and nodded back, I swallowed and tried to forget all the risks we were taking out here. But the idea of being a girl who needed to pee and by chance wore a dress was easy enough. It would work, even if somebody would come closer. I swallowed again, and looked down to my boots. I had them tightly together. Now I would have to part them and go for it. I just had to forget my male instinct to hold something while peeing, and drop the whole lot into my panties with my hands on the fence. Diana put her hand on my hand and winked at me. She nodded towards her own skirt and I saw that she slowly parted her legs. Looking very sexy, she even put her tongue between her lips. Way to go, girl.

I took a deep breath and told her, in a child-like voice: "I'm sorry Diana, but I think I can't hold it any longer." She answered quickly, "Oh, that doesn't matter. Just do it in your panties, nobody will see it. It will be over in no time."

"You think so?"

"Absolutely. I have done it myself, you know. Do it now."

"In that case, here we go." Without further delay, I spread my legs as wide as I had seen Diana do it, and firmly grabbed the fence. With my eyes closed and Diana gently stroking my hand, I really became that girl. I was aware of every sound in the environment, every footstep, every movement, and it couldn't bother me at all. I was secure, with my dress hiding every possible sign of what would happen. Feeling wonderfully excited and yet safe and cosy, I was determined to be as quick as possible. I would wet my panties swiftly to release the pressure on my bladder, and be on my way again in a moment. One last breath, and trembling of excitement, and I started to wee into my pants. Diana must have felt something changing in me, because she started to softly talk to me.

"Just go on. Don't think of anything else but your panties. They turn dark. Just go on. Don't stop. Whatever happens, don't stop." I sighed. It felt so nice to wet myself, it was unbelievable. Of course I had wet myself dozens of times already, but this was vastly different. This was the way it should be done, I knew. And I kept on pushing my bladder contents into my panties. My black dress and boots hid everything, and while my crotch turned into a warm and cosy centre of my life, Diana giggled at the sight of droplets falling down between my legs.

"It looks really authentic," she said, and started to walk around a bit. I continued to pee myself and now opened my eyes. Still nobody within twenty metres, and not enough light to reveal myself. I turned to face Diana, and as I stood with my back to the waterfall, I let loose a terrific stream. She was delighted. "You really can do it! Oh, it looks sooo nice!" It felt even nicer. Bless somebody for the invention of dresses. Eventually, I emptied myself and walked away from the fence, leaving a puddle brm into mine and together we left for her car, meeting some people on the way. Safely in her car, we drove off a mile and then pulled over to hike up our skirt and dress and compare notes. The stains we saw in our panties were so exciting that we quickly ended up in the back of her car, to round things off. 

When we got home at last, Diana had to pee again, and while I took off my dress in her bathroom, she climbed into the bath tub to relieve herself for the second time. The sight of her, hiking up her skirt to show me her already wet panties, drove me crazy, and I just turned on the hot tap to fill the bath while she was still in it. Smiling, she let go of her skirt and sat down onto a small plateau in the tub. While the water crept higher and now touched her ankles, she calmly arranged her skirt so that I could look between her legs. Clearly enjoying it, she started to wee in her panties, this time staining her skirt as well. 

A dark line crept down the part of her skirt that she sat on, and I could clearly see the liquid pouring through her red panties. But soon the water level reached up her skirt, and washed away any signs of what she had done. Just before her panties would be drowned, I entered the tub as well, and standing over her, I released the last gush of pee I had into my briefs. A dark-blue stain quickly spread, and Diana reacted by pulling up her soaked skirt and opening her knees. This offer I couldn't decline, and while the warm water started to rise higher and higher, we lay on top of each other and had a wonderful hugging session. After an hour of wet and warm play in the bath tub, we both got out, dried each other and quickly went to bed. Needless to say that we had a wonderful night together. Some things don't ever change. 

