Title: Accidental Discovery
	Entry to: Month 29
By: Hugo Fountain

Ben and Simon were not all that keen on big, noisy parties. They usually preferred to entertain, or be entertained by, a few friends at a time. But this New Year's Eve they had accepted an invitation to what they knew would be a very crowded Hogmanay gathering.

Their hosts were a straight couple, Jenny and Stuart, who had a wide circle of gay friends, Ben and Simon included. 

They thought they might not stay long but, to their surprise, found that they were enjoying themselves. The music wasn't too loud, and there was an amusing flow of conversation. The drinks were also flowing.

They usually drank wine, and started off with a couple of glasses. After a while, the heat, the wine and talking made them both thirsty and they changed to mineral water. But they were in a mood to let their hair down, and sometime before midnight were feeling rather too sober and so switched to cool, refreshing bottled Pilsner.

Halfway through the evening, Ben had been to the loo to pee. He usually had to go twice as often as Simon, who seemed to have a bladder as capacious as a water tank. Usually, when they were out together it was Ben who was needing to take a leak long before Simon's need became urgent. Even midway through the merry-making, Ben had to wait several minutes on an upstairs landing for the only loo, while several people used it before him. That was a scenario he didn't much care for ' standing in a queue with everyone knowing that his bladder, like theirs, was full. He was a reticent man and disliked using lavatories when other people were standing outside the door. He always tried to pee as quietly as possible.

At getting on for 1 am, the party began to break up and the happy couple, rather tipsy by now, decided to leave. 'Want to do a wee before we go'' Ben asked Simon. 'OK. I'll just pop upstairs', Simon replied. Within seconds he was down again, saying, 'There's a queue, mainly females hopping about and nattering. I can hang on until we get home.' 'Oh,' said Ben, 'I could have done with going again myself, but never mind, I'll wait until we get home.' 

They were very much in love. This New Year was almost the anniversary of them setting up home together. Into the cold night air they went. It was dark, few people were about and they walked home hand in hand. They were so engrossed in each other that they didn't notice two of their fellow party-goers standing side by side pissing up against a gable-end wall, who had no doubt decided against queuing for the only loo. 

Ten minutes later they were inside their own front door and fell into each arms, kissing passionately, their erections pressed tightly together as they hugged.

Simon led Ben upstairs into their bedroom, undressed him in front of the mirror, and flung him onto the bed. 'Oh Simon,' Ben half-heartedly protested, his speech somewhat slurred, 'What about cleaning our teeth and all that'' 'Later, not now,' whispered Simon, 'I have other things in mind first.'

Simon was the more dominant partner, and Ben revelled in submitting to him, letting him be kissed all over and feeling Simon's hard, passionate body pressing into him.

Simon was aware that his waterworks could do with emptying, but he was not desperate. His urgency to make love to Ben, not to mention his rampant erection, switched his mind off from what would have been a 'must pee' priority in other circumstances. He knew that, unlike his lover, he had good bladder control and could hold on for a long time. It Ben who was always saying things like, 'We must stop at the next service station, I'm dying for a wee.'

More often than not, their sexual activities did not include penetration, but that night Ben was so relaxed when he felt Simon's penis nuzzle behind his scrotum that he felt himself opening up like a flower to his partner. Simon sensed how Ben was feeling, and began to move him into one of their favourite positions for such intimate love-making.

They were relaxed, slightly drunk and very randy.

As Simon's manhood entered Ben, a slight qualm of anxiety and incipient disappointment came over Ben. His brain suddenly flashed back to another reality: never mind teeth-cleaning, he really should have insisted on going for a wee before letting himself be overtaken by Simon's ardour. But he didn't want to spoil it for his partner, said nothing and tried to concentrate on enjoying what was happening to him.

And he was enjoying it. Simon made love superbly and they were very much in tune with each other. His bladder, however, began to speak to him louder and louder. He tried to cancel the urge out of his mind and concentrate on giving and receiving pleasure. But the fullness in his bladder was increasing with almost alarming speed. Oh why had he downed that last bottle of Pilsner just before they left, he asked himself. He would probably have been all right for a while longer if he hadn't. 

He gazed up at Simon and said, 'Oh you crazy lover! I don't know how you manage it!' and then in the hope that he could broach the subject of his own increasing urgency to pee, 'You're amazing! All those drinks and you haven't done a wee since before we left for Jenny and Stuart's party!'

'Mind over matter!' Simon replied, although he was by now admitting to himself that he might be feeling rather more comfortable had he visited the loo before pouncing on Ben. 'I think that friend of yours and mine, that little stick of engorged flesh, rather wants to produce something else before it pees,' he added mischievously. Ben sighed happily, but he was having to clench the muscles which controlled his bladder.

As Simon's thrusting increased in depth and intensity, Ben, instead of feeling that he might soon ejaculate ' as he often did when Simon was inside him ' heard other alarm bells ringing. They were getting louder. Each thrust, and the weight of Simon's lower torso on his, was causing an almost searing pain ' one he hadn't felt since he was a little boy and too shy and scared during an end of term exam to put his hand up and ask to be excused. 

On that occasion he had managed to last by dribbling in his pants slightly, just enough to relieve the pressure before the exam ended and he had to make a mad dash to the boys' toilets. It was unthinkable that he could do that while Simon was making love to him. The pain was not only inside him, but felt as though it was extending down his penis, which he squeezed and noticed that it wasn't as hard as it had been.

Each time Simon pulled back, the pain lessened. But as Simon's penis re-travelled his lover's channel, it returned, more extreme each time. Ben began to panic. 'Oh heck! Please don't let me wet the bed' he was praying to himself. Although they had seen each other pee, watersports had not been among their sexual escapades. He reached down and squeezed his penis hard, just like a small boy does when he needs to wee-wee badly. 

Ben sensed that Simon might orgasm quite soon. Then he would be able to get off the bed and go to the loo without hurting Simon's feelings or interrupting his pleasure. But would he be able to hold on until Simon made his final thrust and his semen erupted inside him' Sweat was breaking out on Ben's brow, not only with the heat of lovemaking but in the effort he was making to retain control of his waterworks.

But Simon wanted to make it last, stopped moving, and lay still and heavily on top of Ben who, was by now clenching every muscle in an endeavour not to lose control of his bursting bladder. That he would just have to tell Simon to get off him, and rush to the loo, if there was not to be an accident, became an unhappy and pressing thought in his mind. An alarming vision of his penis urinating uncontrollably frightened him.

Suddenly, Simon lifted himself up, withdrew his penis until it almost popped out of Ben. Momentary relief for Ben from the pain he was experiencing. He was just about to confess his need, when Simon urgently speared it in again, deeply and violently. 'Simon!' Ben almost sobbed. 'Stop! You'll have to stop! I have to ....................'

Too late. Two short, sharp squirts of pee shot from his semi-erect penis. He felt them land on his tummy. Simon hadn't noticed. 'What' Eh' Why'' he was asking as he thrusted again putting pressure inside Ben and on top of him. 

'I must go and pee ' now - Simon! Please ...................' 

Ben was trembling. Disaster was imminent. Four more spurts escaped in rapid spasms. 'You need a wee'' asked Simon as the message got through to his slightly befuddled brain and just as he thrust into Ben again with even more passion and vigour. An uncontrollable flow of hot urine gushed out of Ben's penis. It fountained all over his tummy and down his sides onto the bed. Trying to stop it only made it come out in violent gushes which sprayed everywhere. Grabbing his wayward member with his hand had no effect.

Simon stopped in mid-push, and looked down at what was happening. Ben's penis was certainly doing its own thing: torrenting urine all over the place. He had never experienced anything like it and was for a moment non-plussed. The bed was sopping. Then he gazed into Ben's frightened eyes, smiled and said lovingly, 'Oh you dirty little boy! Your willy's weeing! My Ben's widdling! You're pissing the bed my baby! Oh boy you must have wanted to go!' There were tears in Ben's eyes as he lay there helplessly pissing on himself and soaking the bed.

Simon was also instantly aware of a surprising feeling: seeing and feeling his beloved lose control was heightening his urgency to climax. Sensing Simon's amused rather than angry reaction, Ben started giggling: 'I'm sorry! Oh dear! It just happened! I did try to tell you that I needed to .............. Oh Christ I've wet the bed and spoilt everything for you.'

'Oh my darling,' interrupted Simon, 'It's OK. You must have been busting a gut. And, well ' in fact I ...... well, I er ' I'm finding it a bit of a turn-on.' Simon was blushing. And with that he fell on top of Ben's wet body. He felt himself on the verge of orgasm. His penis throbbed and twitched. But he lay very still, hardly daring to breathe, let alone move, until the urge to climax subsided. As he kissed Ben he knew his own body was telling him that by now he was also dying to pee: seeing Ben's penis gush had set his own bladder into 'must go' mode. Momentarily, his memory recalled a teenage moment of shame when he'd got drunk, fallen asleep on a friend's floor and it had happened in his trousers. He remembered how he had woken up, felt how wet he was and then, with dismay, felt the wet carpet underneath him.

Tentatively, he deliberately spurted a little inside Ben, amazed that he could expel urine through an erection. 'Oh Simon! I felt that!' Ben moaned. Ben, bladder emptied, had a strong erection again himself now.

Simon was scared to release any more inside Ben. He wondered if it might be harmful, for he knew nothing about watersports practices or their effects. But he tentatively did a few more little spurts inside his partner. It felt good. 

'Well,' said Simon, 'As you can feel, I'm the one who's absolutely bursting now. I think I could fill a bucket! Oops! Here comes some more! Oh heck, I've got to go too!' 

Ben also was unsure whether he wanted Simon to let go inside him, or how he would feel if he did. The bed was already wet, but he didn't know what would happen if Simon did a big piss inside him. Could he hold it in' Or would it leak out round Simon's penis and make the bed even messier' If he could hold it in, when he stood up would it all run out down his legs and onto the carpet' He was a fastidious man who changed and washed garments and bedding on sight of the tiniest spec or stain. When he was able to, he always wiped the tip of penis with lavatory paper after urinating lest so much as a drip should mark his underpants. That was his prime reason for disliking to use urinals in public lavatories where he was too modest to mop his dick in front of other men.

Suddenly feeling more sober and full of initiative, he wriggled so that Simon's penis was ejected and said, 'Quick! I want you to do something.' 'And I must do something pdq, too!' said Simon, 'Or there's going to be another flood!'

Ben pushed Simon off him, rolled off the bed, grabbed his hand, rushed him to their loo and sat on the seat pulling Simon on top of him. By this time it was Simon who was clutching his penis like a little boy about to wet his pants. Ben pulled Simon's hand away and held his penis in his own hand, saying, 'OK. Wee for me!' and Simon, in fits of giggles relaxed and pissed long and hard up his lover's torso, for a few seconds spraying on Ben's nipples. As he fountained, Ben pulled Simon's foreskin up and down his engorged member.

Simon felt Ben's penis erect under his bottom. Simon's bladder emptied copiously and his urine ran down into the lavatory pan round his partner's pubic area and scrotum. Afterwards they stood up, and Ben scrupulously dried them both with a towel. 'That was exciting, wasn't it'' Simon said. Ben nodded in mute assent, too dumbstruck by what had happened.

They looked at each other in surprise ' and with a delight they didn't now try to disguise. 

They were soon in bed again and it wasn't long before Ben felt Simon pump a more viscous fluid than urine inside him and his own love juice erupt in ecstatic spasms. Just before they fell asleep, Simon murmured to Ben: 'I think we've found something else to share.' They slept late, and the weaker-bladdered Ben woke up desperate to pee. Without thinking, he made his customary morning dash to the loo, willy in hand in readiness to direct it straight into the lavatory pan. Simon leapt out of bed, crying, 'No! Don't waste it!' overtook Ben, and threw himself down on the loo seat. 'Now do to me what you made me do to you last night,' he said, a wicked laugh in his voice. Ben straddled Simon, nuzzled his penis into Simon's pubic hair and emptied his bladder long and slow as he felt his lover's penis erect. They returned to bed and made love passionately, this time not bothering to dry each other off with a towel.

A few days later, Ben was looking through a mail-order catalogue for waterproof mattress protectors. And he was wondering whether one of those plasticised, padded sheets used for changing babies on might not be useful in the event of them making love sitting on a chair and an 'accident' happening. He rather fancied riding Simon and asking him to piss long and hard inside him before he climaxed. And what would it feel like if they zipped themselves into a waterproof sleeping bag and just let everything happen'

There would be other new years when the anniversary they celebrated was not only of setting up home but also of their first experience of what was to become a new train of delights, an added dimension to the pleasure they could give each other. Sex would never be quite the same for either of them again ' and neither would the sensation of a filling bladder. There would be fewer discrete visits to lavatories and more holding on to bursting point. And risking wet pants or beds would be an exciting prospect. The ecstasy their penises could provide them with had been doubled.

