THINGS TO COME with Betty

By Fluidity

Professor Lawrence looked over his Comparative Literature class this Friday afternoon. It was the last scheduled class of the day, and he had come to expect the sight he was witnessing. The class was about 60 percent women, and all but two or three of them were visibly fidgeting.

This began several years ago when an article in the school newspaper gave a first person, anonymous, account of fantastic sex with the author's boy friend after holding her bladder all day. The article created a firestorm of controversy, including a threat of prior censorship by the

university administration. Only when Phyllis Knightly, a Junior Psych major, admitted writing it, did the administration relent.

The notoriety landed Phyllis on the TV talk shows where she spoke at length of the pleasures of holding her bladder all day and the benefits to both her and her boy friend that evening. It was Jay Leno that invited her come to her show "loaded."

After quizzing her for fifteen minutes, Leno pointed out her crossed leg bobbing up and down, and got her to admit that she had not urinated since going to sleep the prior evening. "Are you pretty full?" he asked with a wicked grin on his face? "Absolutely bursting, and have been for about two hours," Phyllis replied. 

When asked how she holds it so long, she told him that she had been practicing since she was a little girl; her Father said that he should have named her Sally after the first Internet FUR-star (FUR= Female Urinary Retention). He then asked her to go behind a screen where she voided 1437ml during a 78 second period. She was seen in silhouette nation-wide, and this lead to the Time cover story.

Men in the audience all had shocked, mesmerized expressions, while the women sat open-mouthed, dumbfounded at Phyllis's capacity. The hidden microphone behind the screen (Phyllis was not informed of this beforehand) gave the nation an earful of the first power piss in network television history.

So Professor Lawrence was now used to the sight of fifteen to twenty fidgeting young women, putting in the necessary time filling their bladders before their evening dates. "Teaching English has never been as pleasant," professor Lawrence said to himself as he watched the fidgeting girls stream from his classroom when the bell rang.

Most of the women flew to the ladies room, as women had at the end of the day for generations. However, in this era, the purpose was not to empty all those fully stretched bladders, but simply to engage in all the conversation and primping that, in earlier times, accompanied the pissing sessions.

......................

Betty slowly walked out of class and slipped into the girl's rest room. She needed to pee badly, but had been rushed from class to class all day without finding time to get to the toilet. She was also afraid to join in the universal sport of holding it. This was her first year at university. Her shyness had kept her from finding a boyfriend, and she was simply too insecure to try anything as brazen as playing the desperation game all the other girls played.

She walked to the far stall and closed the door. Betty imagined the other girls were snickering at her inability to hold her bladder, but it was all in her mind. She slipped her pink panties down and sat on the cold seat. "Why hold it?" she asked herself as she sensed the powerful urge to relax her sphincter muscles and let her naturally strong stream of piss stream into the bowl.

She sat there and considered this feeling, and the feelings she had had all afternoon, as her bladder took in her body's urine. She slipped her finger over her clit and felt it respond quickly to her touch. Betty found herself perplexed over the feelings that were sweeping through her body. "Perhaps I might wait a bit longer," she told herself, as she reluctantly took her finger from her clit; "At least until I get back to my dorm room."

"Are you coming to the dance?" asked Cheryl, Betty's flamboyant roommate? Cheryl had about three boys interested in her, and went out almost every evening. Those evenings as she got ready, she was always dancing from foot to foot, or swaying her two tightly-pressed legs together. Cheryl told Betty that she usually held her bladder from just after lunch through the evening. "Big deal," Betty told herself; "I haven't pissed since last night."

"Yes, I'm coming," Betty replied to Cheryl's question. "But it's probably a waste of my time." Cheryl looked over at Betty and wondered why a pretty girl like her had any trouble getting boys interested in her. She had a had a nice figure, though without Cheryl's very full breasts; Betty's jet-black hair and eyebrows, and her blue eyes were really striking, but Betty always wore some dowdy clothes.

"Cheryl, why don't you wear your white jeans and that light blue blouse; it really brings out the blue in your eyes. You fit in those jeans better than any girl here. And please, Betty, even if you don't have to pee, wiggle a little as if you had to; all the guys love to see us bursting for the pot."

"Well, I may not need to pretend. I haven't gone all day, and haven't been so full since I can remember. I was about to pee after class but... well, I thought I'd hold it and ask you what the big deal is. I've never played these games before; no one knew anything about it where I came from. When I got here it seemed that you all knew about it and I felt like a jerk. Then as I sat in the stall getting ready to tinkle this afternoon, I got this funny feeling, a sort of naughty, sexy feeling... that's what made me wait until now."

"Betty, don't feel so out of it. I've been wanting to talk with you about this for a long time. I should have done it earlier. We all have to find out about different aspects of sex in our own time. I've heard you playing with yourself at night and in the early morning so I know you know how your body works... and don't blush! I'd frig myself more often if I didn't get so much pleasure from my boy friends.

My older sister, Fran, told me that we are the first ones that can really incorporate all the feelings in our body together as we discover our sexuality. She said that she had been married for years before she and Fred found out about water sports. The simple fact is, Betty, as any recent book on female sexuality will tell you (and you can borrow any of mine any time you want), our bladders are one of our best sources of sexual pleasure; all we have to do is let them fill up! And the best thing about it is that the guys love it! I've got this one guy, Joe, that breaks out into a cold sweat when I whisper into his ear that I'm bursting for a piss.

But you don't have to be brazen. Just get full and do what comes naturally. Wiggle, squirm, fidget, look around as if you really wanted to dash off for a pee, but can't right now. Believe me, the guys notice."

"Well, Cheryl," Betty said, "I'll give it a try this evening. And I will take you up on borrowing one of your books. The one I got in junior high school didn't mention water sports at all."

"I tell you, it has only been widely discussed that past decade or so. I think the same thing must have happened after World War II when Kinsey or somebody provided indisputable scientific proof that women really had orgasms. Before then there was enough doubt that only a very bold woman could admit she came without risking being called a whore or pervert. So let your bladder fill to the brim and let's go piss up the town! If you need a little more volume, just guzzle a couple of glasses of water; you'll be bursting in an hour," Cheryl said.

"It's full, believe me!" Betty pleaded! "I haven't peed since last night before bed. I was late for class this morning and knew I could wait until a break, but I've been running all day. Dr. Messina had me work on the chem lab problem over lunch, and, well, here I am. I didn't plan for it at all. You know I usually pee when I have to."

"God, Betty, I'd never be able to wait that long. You must be born with a naturally huge bladder. The guys go crazy over a long, long piss. I think one of these days a big bladder will be a more provocative physical asset than a big pair of knockers."

"Well, Cheryl, you certainly have the knockers; I would die for them. It's sweet of you to say that about my bladder. I can hold a lot, but I just never do. Not since I was a little girl. Maybe I stretched it then. So let's go!"

...........................

Zack saw her the first time during Freshman orientation, and found it difficult to think of anyone else. He thought Betty Bobson was the loveliest girl he had ever seen. However, he got distracted by some of the "faster" girls, like that wicked Cheryl, and he hadn't seen Betty at the usual places the first few weeks of the new school year.

But there was Betty at the Mellow Yellow dance, standing by the palm trees right next to Cheryl. As much as he admired Cheryl's impressive figure (and he had explored it at length several times), he preferred the more modest assets of a woman like Betty. There was something just too forward about big boobs, but he knew he was sort of unusual that way. What he did love about Cheryl was the hard piss she took when they were through making love. He didn't think too many girls could hold it the way she did, but there were reports along the men's grapevine that there

was a weather balloon capacity girl at the local high school. Fat chance!

As Zack wandered over toward Betty and Cheryl he noticed that, unlike the little wiggle Cheryl gave when her bladder was full, Betty was standing rather still... but then he saw her squeeze her thighs together and stick her ass out in sort of a half-crouch, as if she were trying to hide how full she was. Zack had never seen Betty exhibiting any signs of fidgeting, so he wondered if she was one of the water girls? He glanced around the party scene, and all the girls seemed to be fidgeting in one way or another. Betty was showing the least of any of them. Perhaps she wasn't into it.

Just before Zack got to the palm trees where Betty was, Cheryl was grabbed for a dance by some other guy, which left Betty all to him. Betty looked around and did her little squeeze again just as Zack got there.

"Looking for something?" Zack said, hoping the conversation would go the way of his dreams.

Betty saw him and smiled. She knew Zack and had been hoping he would notice her for as long as since he first saw her. "No!" she blurted out, painfully aware of why she had been searching for the rest rooms in case this all got out of hand. But she took a deep breath and, with a determination to find out if there was anything to this story Cheryl had told her, she continued, "Well, that is, I frankly needed to know where the rest rooms were because..." she found herself blushing wildly, utterly at a loss as to how honest to really be with a subject she had never discussed with a boy before.

"...I'll need to slip in there before too long." ("Like right now," Betty told herself. She had not had to go so desperately since she could remember... maybe that bus trip from hell with a broken toilet two summers ago. And here she was advertising her plight to the cutest boy in her class... and then as she noticed Zack starting at her, she felt this exquisite, hot, sexy glow radiating out from her crotch, making her nipples firm and her sweat glands flow... "Wow!!" Betty told herself.)

"How does a girl learn about holding herself back?" Zack made the natural assumption that Betty was playing hold-it like all the other girls.

"Oh, I've just gotten myself caught; I didn't have time to stop on the way to the party," she lied,"and now I'm just suffering until I, uh, until I take a break. But I'm O.K.," she lied again, "since it isn't really desperate. What do think of the university? Much different from where you came?" Betty was desperate: to change the subject. She wasn't certain she could continue to talk about her swollen bladder without losing it.

"You mean you don't get full because you enjoy it?" Zack ignored her ploy to change the subject. "I thought women loved the feel of a full bladder, and more often than not are bursting for a piss." Zack was beginning to wonder just what this girl was up to.

"Oh, Zack. I really am bursting, and it does feel great, but I've just never done it before on purpose. This... this is new for me." Betty blushed again, and knew that Zack was probably going to just give up on her. "I'm just afraid, since it is so new, that I'm going to misjudge myself and have an accident. These are new jeans; they are very tight, and ..."

"And you look smashing in them, Betty. If you are figuring it out for the first time, let me assure you that I think the idea is great. Fidget all you want; it is a real turn-on for me. And if you ever think you absolutely must relieve yourself, just let me know and we will take care of it. For now, come on; let's dance." Zack took her hand and wrapped his arm around her waist for one of those old slow-dance classics.

Betty loved laying her head on his shoulder and feeling her hand in his. When his other hand slid down just above her ass and nudged her body into his she realized that he really did like her. Her heart was beating like crazy; she was getting terribly horny, and her bladder was getting to that point where she had never been before. But she found herself able to hold it despite intense pressure. It was like on that school bus; she knew she could not relieve herself so she just willed her body to obey, and it obeyed.

Zack and Betty ended that evening in the pine grove, conveniently secluded, a trysting place for generations of university couples. When Zack convinced Betty that they were absolutely alone, with utter privacy, Betty melted into Zack's arms. Her body exploded with desire and she gave into it completely. She found that the fidgeting she had been forced into all evening was no longer necessary; her body was getting what it needed, and her bladder could wait. Only when Zack had her naked, lying on the soft, cool grass, and was about to enter her did she protest.

"Oh, Zack. I couldn't bear to have you lie on me like this. I'd just start pissing like a fountain, or it would hurt beyond belief. I need to be on top so I can control this. Remember, sweet Prince, your Princess is so full she'll burst at any moment.

At that Zack gladly rolled over and this lovely beauty rose over him. Her gorgeous breasts fell down to his lips like ripe oranges, and she cried with joy as he tongued her nipples. She lay her wet pussy on his hard penis and slowly rubbed it up and down; she was so wet and swollen that she was embarrassed; her body had never responded in quite this way.

Then she reached down and raised his penis to meet her eager, open vagina. As it slid in, the extra pressure on her bladder was exquisite, and she couldn't take it all at once; she played just taking its swollen head, bobbing up and down and breathing heavily. Finally she sat on him and took his full length, and she exploded with an orgasm she felt she could not control. Wave after wave of ecstasy swept over her body, and her bladder began to empty.

Zack saw this beautiful woman orgasm and it was like a dream. She cried a long, high, cry, and then he felt a strange force poking him in his stomach, just above his penis, and he heard a soft, and then louder hissing and splattering sound. Betty was pissing her whole bladder onto him, and she had a stream like a fire hose. He looked down at her pussy, and as she involuntarily thrust her body up and down over his penis, he saw this thick, strong stream of piss as thick as a lead pencil. It hissed and splattered and tickled his stomach.

Betty came to her senses and knew what she was doing. She looked down at Zack's huge grin and his eyes glued to her stream. She looked down and saw how much pressure was behind it. She knew she could not stop it, and it would take a long time to empty, so she enjoyed it. And Zack enjoyed it.

And sex in the twenty-first century was enjoyed as never before.

