Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Humiliation, Bondage, and Sex.
Mandy's life had changed dramatically in the past 2 months. Her boyfriend, Doug had recently asked her to move in with him and she had happily accepted. Doug's client base was growing rapidly and the law firm had gotten very busy. With the busier workdays, there had not been as much time for wet fun at work. It had gotten so busy that Doug had to hire a junior lawyer to help him keep up with the workload.
Mandy had been forced to make adjustments as well. Last month, Doug had told her he would have to hire a secretary more experienced in the law field, because of the huge call back list of clients he was having to deal with every night. Mandy was fine with this arrangement– it gave her more time to sort out their affairs at home and also gave Doug more time for her as well. She still had some duties with the law firm, but most of them could be taken care of from home. Mandy had also started taking some classes again to continue her communications degree.
One of her classmates, Lisa, lived about 20 minutes away with her husband, Joey. She had turned into a great study buddy and also a fun friend to hang out with. She had a cheerful, outgoing personality and incredible looks to go with it. She was 5'11 with light brown hair, 32B breasts, long slender legs, and a fit, athletic frame. Mandy had caught Doug checking her out a few times when she was over for study sessions or summer barbeques with Joey. She was a little upset at first, but then decided not to confront Doug about it, because she could hardly keep her own eyes off Lisa at times.
The semester was almost at the halfway point now and midterms would be happening next week. It was a quiet day at home; Mandy had called Lisa to come over and study, but she had been unable to make it because of her yoga class. Doug was still at work and Mandy was starting to get a little bored at home alone. She got up from her books and poured herself a glass of apple juice. She gave Doug a call to ask when he would be coming home. He replied that he would be there in a couple hours.
"Is there anything you would like from me when you get here, Hon?" Mandy asked him in her seducing voice. Anything to look forward to would make studying easier at this point.
Mandy could feel her man smile on the other end of the line and she couldn't help but smile as well, sensing what was coming next. "Um...I don't know, Babe. You sound a little dehydrated though– why don't you have some water and then we can plan something fun when I get home."
Mandy's smile broadened into a grin. She loved how innocent Doug made it all sound, even though they both knew perfectly well what a little water intake would result in by the time he got home in two hours. "OK, I'll drink some water for you– just let me finish off this big glass of apple juice first."
"Alright then I'll see you when I get home, OK? Focus and study hard like a good girl now, no bathroom breaks!"
Mandy's womanhood tingled as she hung up the phone. She eagerly gulped down the remainder of her drink and filled up a large water bottle to sip while she studied. She had a mild need for the toilet and had half a mind to empty her bladder before sitting back down, but remembered that she had promised Doug she wouldn't use the toilet until he got home. Besides, it would make it more of a challenge to keep her sweatpants dry if she wasn't starting off with an empty bladder.
Mandy sipped slowly as she studied, but it was hard to keep her mind off her excited and wet libido, as she anticipated her bladder filling up and the eventual release. All of this followed by a night of mind–blowing sex with her lover. She knew from experience that studying would only get tougher once her bladder started to complain.
After an hour of studying, Mandy was getting some warning signs from her bladder. The water bottle was nearly empty now and Mandy quickly chugged the remainder wanting to produce as big a flood as possible for Doug. Studying was already becoming more difficult as the constant ache in her bladder distracted her from her textbook.
Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Mandy looked up at the old grandfather clock in the corner of the living room. It read ten minutes past four, which was still a good forty–five minutes before Doug said he would be home. Puzzled, Mandy went to answer the door.
To her surprise, it was Lisa, dressed in her form–fitting yoga clothes, with books and a tray holding two large coffees in hand.
"SURPRISE!" she exclaimed as Mandy opened the door, with a shocked look on her face. Regaining her composure, she greeted Lisa back and invited her into the house. Lisa was in her usual chatty mood. "I kinda felt bad about not being able to come and study with you today, so I thought why don't I come straight here after yoga? I took my books with me and I left as soon as the session ended. The traffic was not bad but guess what? There was one guy who was actually reading the paper while he was driving and I saw him drive straight into a pole..."
Mandy tuned out from her friend's chatter and seated herself. Her need to pee was growing rapidly now. Her bladder's demands were certainly noticeable now and she knew it wouldn't be long before the urgency would start to show. She wasn't sure what to do now that she had company to deal with. She didn't want to use the toilet, considering Doug would be expecting her to have a full bladder when he got home. On the other hand, she certainly could not let Lisa learn about her and Doug's most secret sexual activities.
Lisa placed a large coffee in front of her with an encouraging smile and took a large gulp of her own drink. Not wanting to look ungrateful, Mandy begrudgingly opened the lid of her own cup and took a sip. The last thing she needed right now was more liquid flowing into her bladder.
Lisa opened her book to Mandy's chapter and started studying. She tested Mandy with a few questions; she was answering most of them correctly, but it was getting harder and harder for her to concentrate with her rapidly filling bladder. Meanwhile, Lisa seemed dehydrated from her yoga workout. She had finished her coffee within fifteen minutes and got herself a full glass of water a few minutes later. She had already drunk a lot of water during the exhausting workout. She had purposely purchased coffee and driven straight to Mandy's after yoga, so that she would be forced to study instead of taking a nap at home.
Mandy could feel her bladder stretching as more and more liquid continued to flow into it. She was uncomfortable now, sitting with her legs crossed tightly. Lisa looked up questioningly a few times as she shuffled in her seat and Mandy was starting to fear that she sensed something unusual was going on. The clock read 4:40, which meant Doug would be home in about twenty minutes. However, that could change rather easily with a traffic jam on the road or a lengthy appointment at the office.
Ten minutes later, Mandy had sipped away half of her coffee and she was shuffling constantly, practically doing a pee–pee in her chair. She could see that Lisa was looking up at her much more often now. Mandy decided to visit the toilet rather than embarrass herself any further in front of her friend.
However, as she was getting up to leave, her cell phone beeped. It was a text message from Doug. "Be there in ten minutes, Sweetie...can't wait to watch you pee, you must be bursting by now!" Mandy excused herself and walked into the kitchen to call her boyfriend in private and explain the situation to him. She owed him that much before she went ahead and emptied her bladder.
She quickly dialled his number, dancing on the spot and hurriedly explained that Lisa was over studying and her desperation had reached the point where she could no longer sit still. Doug was quite understanding about it and assured her it was OK and that they could always make up for the lost fun tomorrow. Mandy hung up, relieved that her dilemma was resolved and turned to rush to the washroom. She was startled to see Lisa standing at the kitchen, listening in on her conversation. Mandy could only stand there shell–shocked; her secret had been discovered.
Wordlessly, Lisa walked to fridge and refilled her empty glass with water. She walked over purposefully to Mandy and chugged it standing in front of her. Mandy smiled, realising now why Lisa had kept looking at her without asking what was wrong. She had been enjoying the show.
The two girls headed back to the living room to continue their studies, but now neither of them had to disguise their mounting desperation. Mandy noticed that Lisa was starting to shift and cross her legs every now and then. She wondered what Doug would think when he got home to find them both desperately prancing around. It would certainly be a big surprise and a massive turn on for him since he expected no pee play at all tonight.
It was nearly impossible to focus on the study material due to the discomfort the girls were in and also the sexual tension of watching and being watched by each other. They stopped studying and began exchanging stories about their pee experiences.
"On my prom night, I saw at least a dozen girls wet their dresses at the after grad party," Lisa began. "The guy who was hosting the party was loaded and he ordered five full size kegs, so there was more than enough booze to go around. The problem was that the guy had locked up the house, so it wouldn't be a wreck when his parents came back from their trip the next day. Everyone just had to pee in the dark forest in his backyard. But peeing was a whole lot easier for guys who can just pull their dick out and whizz on the closest tree. For girls it was way harder, having to go out into those trees in the middle of the night, trying not to get their expensive dresses dirty or torn while avoid falling over in their heels in the dark. It was also pretty scary with hundreds of horny teen boys everywhere looking for action on their grad night and the thousands of insects crawling around in the topsoil."
"So, many of the girls ended up holding it in for as long as they possibly could, before eventually having to do the inevitable task of peeing in the woods. The cops around 1 am busted up the party, and quite a number of unlucky girls had to pee badly as the cops lined people up and took down names. As you can imagine, the poor girls got hopelessly desperate over the next twenty minutes as more of the booze ended up in their bladders. Several of them begged the police to let them go into the woods for just a minute, but the cops said they couldn't let anyone out of sight. Well, eventually some of them just couldn't hold it in anymore and wet their dresses right there in front of everyone at the party. One girl's mother even made her take off her drenched dress before she allowed her to sit down in the car. Everyone saw the poor girl's soaked panties."
"I just barely made it to the toilet in time that night. My angry parents lectured me all the way home and when we finally pulled into the garage, I was dangerously close to peeing all over the backseat. I ran inside to the nearest toilet and barely got my $800 dress up before planting my ass on the seat. I peed right through my panties– I was that desperate."
Mandy reached down to the crotch of her sweatpants and pushed up into her pee–hole. She knew Lisa was watching her every squirm closely and she had resisted touching herself for the past five minutes, but now the temptation had gotten too strong. She smiled uncomfortably knowing Lisa was watching her touch the most private area of her body. She need not have worried. A few minutes later, Lisa had her hands in her own crotch. Doug still wasn't home so Mandy started telling a story of her own.
"One crazy night out with my girlfriends at this really hot crowded club, four cute guys came to our table and they were buying us tons of drinks. We were all just having a blast until all of a sudden the music stopped. There was an announcement that a firearm had been seen by one of the security guards and the premises were on lockdown until it was found. They quickly locked and assigned guards to all the doors, including the ones to the washrooms. None of us had visited the toilets yet, because we had been so caught up in the fun. Even the guys at our table were looking concerned about how long the club would be on lockdown."
"I was obviously secretly hoping it would be long enough for me to see a few wettings. I did have to pee, but I figured I'd be okay since I had so much practice with desperation already. There was already a queue at both washrooms and within ten minutes it had doubled. People were hoping that the lockdown would end in the near future and they would be able to relieve themselves. Others were lining up near the exit, hoping to be let out soon so they'd be able to find somewhere else to pee. The girls at the front of the queue at the toilets were easily the most desperate in the club. Quite a few of them were openly holding their crotches already."
"There was an announcement that the security tapes were being reviewed and additional security would be at the club in ten minutes. After that, the washrooms would be reopened, but with supervised usage. Immediately, many more people joined the line for the toilets. One of my friends, Jainey was holding herself under the table. She whimpered when she saw how many more people had just joined the line at the ladies. She didn't think she could make it the ten minutes until the washrooms opened, much less the extra time it would take to get through the queue."
"Anyways, about ten security guards walked in ten minutes later. Two of the male ones headed towards the Men's washroom while two females walked over to the Ladies. Just as they were unlocking the door, one poor girl near the front of the line lost it and peed her skinny jeans thoroughly. She walked out of the line crying and walked back to her table with her hands covering her face."
"After they opened the doors, the guard let two people in at a time to pee. One of the first two girls to had been leaking already; her backside had a wet spot running halfway down to her knees. She hurried in quickly, but ended up coming out a few minutes later with her pants completely soaked. As she walked back to her table, I heard her cursing about how mean the security was, patting her down for weapons while she was wetting herself."
"As you can imagine, there were a lot of wettings around the club with only two people of each sex being able to use the toilets at one time. Jainey managed to hang on until the lockdown ended– after about forty–five minutes, but wound up wetting her dress trying to make it outside through a huge crowd of desperate people. She came back to the table with soaked legs and a blushed face. I was watching two of the guys from our table trying to make it out of the club and they ended up wetting their pants too. Too bad they didn't bother returning to the table, so I could get a closer look. Gosh, I would have loved to tease them about having an accident like that."
"Anyways, me and my other two friends managed to hold on until the exits to the club were somewhat cleared up and then we all rushed out together holding ourselves. We found a dark alley nearby and all squatted together. There was a huge collective sigh of relief and a massive puddle at the end of it all."
As Mandy finished her story, Doug's car pulled up in the driveway. Both girls were in pain now and Mandy felt like she was going to burst at any moment. She got up off her chair, being too desperate to remain seated, and started dancing around to try to keep control of her extremely full bladder. Doug entered the house to see his lover bent over and he was pleasantly surprised to see that she had changed her mind about going to the toilet after she hung up the phone. After he entered the living room and saw Lisa squirming on the couch with her hand pressed up against her vagina, Doug's excitement immediately leaped to a higher level.
Lisa was shocked to see Doug enter the room; Mandy had given no warning of him coming home from work and it had completely slipped out of mind to ask. Panicking, she quickly removed her hand from her crotch. However, a small leak escaped her urethra as a result of the sudden action and she had to clench her pussy muscles forcefully to stop the flow. She looked down to see if the leak showed and sure enough, there was a dime–sized spot in her light blue yoga pants. She looked up to see if Doug had noticed and sure enough, his eyes were fixated on the wet spot.
Embarrassed, Lisa replaced her hands in her crotch and got up to hobble to the washroom. Her dark little secret was completely out in the open now. It was one thing for Mandy to know, but something else entirely for Doug to see her like that. He would surely tell Joey what a dirty, twisted girl she was and that would be the end of her marriage. Joey would tell his family about what happened and word would spread to her family as well.
Mandy saw Lisa move towards the washroom and quickly blocked her path. Lisa tried to step past her, but Doug moved quickly to grab her arm so she couldn't go anywhere. Mandy made her way to a nearby closet and came back with a pair of cuffs. Ignoring Lisa's protests, Doug muscled her over to the dishwasher and cuffed her to the handle bar. He then instructed Mandy to wash the dirty dishes in the sink and also the ones in the living room.
Mandy was nearly bursting now and almost did burst while carrying the glasses to the sink. Somehow she hung on and limited the loss of urine to just a small squirt. With shaking hands, she turned on the faucet to fill up the sink and immediately had to bend over and press down hard on her pussy to avoid losing complete control. The sound of running water was agony for the two women, but they both managed to hang on. Once the sink was full of water, Mandy got to work on the dishes. Doug looked on carefully, not wishing to miss a single moment of action. This was usually the hardest part for her, the little push that almost always drove her over the cliff. She had wet herself countless times at the sink doing dishes.
As Mandy dipped her hands into the warm soapy water, her bladder pulsated violently inside of her, demanding relief. She had to fight valiantly to prevent the involuntary expulsion of urine into her tight grey sweatpants. She squirted heavily several times and now had wet streaks running from her groin down to her knees. She stepped away from the sink with the dishes done, but Doug quickly told her she wasn't done until she drained out the sink like a good housewife.
Mandy reached into the water one more time and fished around to twist the drain at the bottom. The sound of water draining into the plumbing below proved to be too much, as Mandy finally lost control. It was an incredible and sudden release. She sighed blissfully and her entire body seemed to limp as her pants turned dark grey all the way down to her feet. She finished peeing a full two minutes later with a huge puddle flowing all over the kitchen.
Lisa barely managed to hang on through Mandy's accident, but she knew it wouldn't be long now before she would lose control of her own bladder and was sent home to face her husband in wet pants. Doug eagerly approached Mandy and ripped off her drenched sweat pants right there in the kitchen. As the two kissed deeply he reached down and rubbed her vagina hard through her damp white panties. Mandy worked his penis free and the panties came off completely. He entered her right there against the refrigerator with Lisa looking on. It only took two minutes of violent grinding before they both came; Mandy squirted pee on Doug's face and body as he slid down to the wet floor with his back against the refrigerator, completely spent.
It was too much for Lisa to watch. She soaked her tight yoga pants, breathing heavily from the ecstasy of finally letting go. Doug and Mandy had sat down in each other's arms to watch her accident. It was an exciting situation for Lisa, as she had never been watched wetting herself before. She had always imagined what it would be like if someone found out about her fetish and now she knew– it was amazing! Doug quickly uncuffed her wrist as she finished urinating and Mandy graciously offered her dry clothes to wear home. Lisa quickly declined and hurried out the front door. After seeing what Doug and Mandy had together, she owed it to herself to find out if Joey was into pee fun too and the first step was showing up at her own front door in soaked yoga pants.
By: Full Bladder