A few weeks after I had peed my jeans in the rain with my sister I was in the park with a good friend of mine, Jo–Anne. We were goofing around and having fun in the nice weather when Jo–Anne suddenly told me we had to find a toilet. She had had to pee for a while, as did I, and a bit escaped. We went to where the toilets were in the park, or rather, usually were. The city had apparently had had enough of the vandalism, and the toilets had been removed. Jo–Anne doubled over in pain and told me she'd never make it home. She barely got here and she was about to pee her jeans. I felt sorry for her and told her she would be able to make it if she just tried. With a tear falling down her cheek she told me she couldn't make it. If she waited ten more seconds she would be peeing her pants, what was she to do? I told her if that were true she should squat, that way only her bum would get wet, and if she hung her coat over it, no one would notice. She squatted and started to pee immediately. I squatted with her and saw the pee jet from her jeans. I found the look of it erotic and it turned me on until I saw she was crying. I asked what was the matter and she told me her mother would have her head for peeing her jeans. She would be grounded for a moth or more. I told her I knew a solution and let my pee go, wetting my jeans as well. It felt great to pee, while Jo–Anne was watching my crotch intensely and a bit amazed. When I finished peeing I touched my crotch and massaged it, my orgasm came as a complete surprise to me. I had masturbated before of course, but I never came so fast, especially not while I wasn't touching my clit directly. After I came down from my orgasmic high Jo–Anne looked at me puzzled. "Lynn, how is you pissing your jeans as well getting me out of trouble. Now we are both going to be in trouble." I told Jo–Anne I was going to tell my mother that I wet my jeans in sympathy of her. We were going to the public toilets, but they were removed. When we were going to my house to pee a few boys jumped out of the bushed and startled her so much she peed her pants. When the boys were starting to make fun of her and teasing her I squatted with Jo–Anne and pissed my jeans as well, to comfort her. Then I would ask my mom, who would be furious by now, to call Jo–Anne's mom to tell her the story the other way around and thank her for raising her daughter so well that she would disgrace herself so much for her friend. That way we would both get of the hook, and have had the pleasure of peeing our jeans. Jo–Anne asked me why my mother would be furious and why I said it was a pleasure to pee my jeans. "Jo–Anne, I know it must have felt great to piss your jeans. You were scared of you mother's reaction, but you know it felt great, don't you?" Jo–Anne nodded, a little bit embarrassed. "Ok, now we have admitted we enjoyed it, I'll explain why my mother will be furious. First she thinks the city is making ridiculous decisions, and this will be one more. And secondly she will be furious because those boys scared two helpless girls so much. I know her, and it will make her proud of me for sticking up for you. And if I ask her to help you out, she will feel like she can do something about a situation that she is furious about. Believe me, she'll do it. And your mother can't punish you for being raised well by her. You understand? With a little luck both our mothers will give us permission to wet ourselves if it will get a friend out of trouble or feel better."
We went home and it turned out ever better than we had hoped. Not only didn't we get punished, we also got praised for being so good! My sister was proud of my ingenuity, and she asked our mom if she could wet her pants as well, just as a symbol against the city and jerky boys. She could and my mother pissed her pants as well. As a protest against the city!
A few days later Jo–Anne and I talked about all of it and I told the story I told you last time. She said with a wink she would like to go to a concert with me some day, and she was going to wear a skirt to school the next day. Her panties would get wet that day, and I said I'd do the same.
JJ ( email is welcome... JJ is male )