This event happened not so long back when I went with my friend out shopping. The details are a bit hazy hence the reason why the story is so short. However, I shall be writing another soon in a bit more depth. Hope you enjoy..... 
Sophie saw the queue of cars all trying to get into one place, the mall car parking lot. Sophie and her best pal Laura had decided to go shopping on this sunny Saturday morning. 
˜I can't believe how many people have decided to come shopping today!" mentioned Laura as she sat patiently at the wheel of the car. 
˜I know, it is a bit busy – oh well, we'll soon forget about it once we start our shopping spree" said Sophie. 
Sophie, 19 years old, 5ft 10inches with long brown hair, was wearing blue denim peddle pushers and a white sports top since all her other clothes were either dirty or under her bed. But it was not her fashion sense that was worrying her at that precise moment. ˜I hope we can get a space and get in this mall soon, I'm absolutely bursting for a pee!" said Sophie in a rather joking manner.
"Why didn't you go at my house?" asked Laura. Sophie explained that she had decided to hold it until they had arrived, not anticipating this delay, though. They eventually parked the car and Sophie immediately headed towards the set of toilets on the first floor. Laura walked beside her. She could see that Sophie was telling no lie in the car, her bladder was visibly large and made a small bulge through her blue trousers. Sophie was walking briskly and made it quite obvious that she was in a bit of a rush. They arrived at the toilets only to find an electronic sign indicating that from between 12 and 1:30 every day both the Male and Female toilets would be closed for cleaning and inspection. Sophie looked at her watch – 12:36pm. She looked at Laura in a worried way, "what am I gonna do, Laura! I can't wait another hour! I'm feeling so uncomfortable." Her left leg was wiggling constantly from side to side and her hips swayed from right to left. The mall was busy. Sophie looked around for another toilet, but none were in sight. 
"C'mon Sophie, we'll start shopping and ask in every shop if they have a loo" they are bound to have one for the staff," said Laura. For a second Sophie smiled with hope and started walking off in the direction of the first shop. 
15 minutes went by and they had no luck from any of the shops. By now Sophie was walking slightly bent over. Her bladder was now severely distorted and was pushing through her denim trousers. Laura could see Sophie's agony. Every 10 steps or so Sophie would discreetly place one of her hands over her crotch and squeeze. Her sphincter muscles were tightly clenched and had been now for some time. 
"Laura, I really have got to get to a toilet. I'm in so much pain. I can hardly walk, each step is getting harder to keep it in."
" Just hold it a bit longer Sophie," replied Laura.
"I'm trying, I'm really trying – I've GOT to do a fucking piss. For God's sake, why did they have to shut the fucking toilets?" Sophie's aggression was clear to see. She was walking, doubled over in pain. Her left hand was now pushing her vagina and she would not take it off. People would take a brief glance and her as they walked by but Sophie was thinking of one thing – to find relief and empty her bladder. They walked into another shop and right up to the counter. Sophie stood with one hand on her vagina trying desperately to help her sphincter muscles hold back the large amount of urine and her other hand propping her up against the counter. 
"Can I help you?" said the assistant. 
"Please can I use your loo. I really do have to go quite urgently?" implored Sophie. Her eyes were welling up with tears. 
"I'm sorry, we don't have any public facilities – try at the front of the mall" replied the assistant. 
"They're all shut," said Laura. Sophie started to cry as a small spurt of urine escaped her grip and was soaked up by her cotton underwear. Sophie turned around and started to walk out. Laura put her arm around her and said quickly "lets go back to the car, you can go into my bottle I've got in the boot." It was too late, however, and another jet of urine, then another spurted out of her until finally Sophie was peeing uncontrollably. People passing by stopped and stared at the 19–year–old girl emptying her bladder right down her legs. Sophie was now utterly embarrassed but relieved. They made their way back to the car.
Iranu