Kelly's Mistake
	Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting and Humiliation.
By Luvnoir

Kelly was a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army assigned to recruiting duty in a small town in the Appalachian Mountains of southwest Virginia in the mid-1960s. Although she was on TDY status, which included extra per-diem, pay and housing pay she wasn't too delighted with the duty. She helped staff an office with several married men and since she was only 24 and single she longed for the clubs and USO gatherings that put her into contact with eligible males that usually occurred at a large military base and its environs.

Kelly had an efficiency apartment in an apartment complex that wasn't too far from her office in the downtown area. There was a large front porch to her apartment building and Kelly enjoyed sitting out on the porch during warm weather to pass the boredom she was experiencing. One day when she was lolling on the porch in a white blouse and blue jeans she noted a young man her age unloading a car parked in front of the apartment. "Wow!" she thought. "This must be the new tenant in the next apartment. He isn't bad looking either. Things are looking up."

She made sure that the next few days that she was on the way to the office just as he was leaving for work. In order for him to notice her she made sure that she was wearing one of her dress uniforms with the personal tailoring she had invested in when she reached the non-com rank. The jacket was nipped and tucked to emphasize her breasts and tiny waist. The skirt was very straight and very flattering. Her shoes were slightly raised at the heel. In short, her 5' 6", 120 lb. body was exhibited in its most flattering way every time he saw her.

Needless to say, it wasn't long before he asked her out for a date. She'd noticed that he worked long hours and had little time for dallying around in the evenings but they had managed to introduce themselves to one another and pass greetings on their chance meetings. On the occasion of their date he said he had piled up enough overtime pay and a guaranteed night off to really have a night on the town. All he needed was someone to share it with and she was the most attractive woman he had met in a long time. "Wow!" she thought, "this is going to be great."

They started the evening at a small club that, believe it or not, featured jazz music. Mixed drinks were not available but the beer flowed freely and they both partook of it lavishly. Next it was steaks and lobster at a suburban steak house. And the beer flowed freely there also. They wound up at a small beer joint where young couples in the area liked to meet to wind down without live music.

Kelly was in uniform, as she had no wardrobe of her own that she could wear out on the town. But, it was one of her sexily cut uniforms and she was particularly alluring on this evening. Kelly couldn't remember how many times she had to excuse herself to go to the bathroom but she decided that if this was the last beer she was not going to go again until she got home. There was absolutely no excuse for going to the bathroom every five minutes. It was unladylike.

When her date suggested that they leave she was already undergoing a high degree of bladder spasms. She thought to herself that she was a big girl now and that she could hold it for the few blocks home. As she stood up to walk to the car she noticed that her need to go wasn't nearly as bad when she was moving. This will be a piece of cake she thought and she would at least have the dignity of not having to go just before leaving like she was always cautioned to do when she was a child.

But, when they got to the car she was very uncomfortable with her overly full bladder. As she slid into the car she realized that in her tight skirt she would not be able to hold herself if it became necessary. As a matter of fact she was beginning to realize that she had no means of holding other than squirming and fidgeting. By the time the car was started she was doing both and desperation was creeping into her being. She crossed her legs and held on for the first block.

"Dear God! I can't ask him to get me to a bathroom. We just left one. I want this guy to ask me out again. I just can't let him know how badly I need to go." She uncrossed her legs as he pulled to a stop at a red light. Then she crossed them again- only the opposite leg was on the top. Then she bounced her legs up and down hoping he couldn't see them in the dark. Not only was her skirt feeling constrictive but also she began to believe it was contributing to the pressure on her bladder. Finally the light changed and he pulled out. As long as I am moving I can handle it, she thought.

He drove another two blocks and pulled to a stop at another red light. Dear God, can't he find a green light? This is getting ridiculous. By now her crossing leg was drawn up as tight as possible and she was rocking her upper body to and fro. Not only was she in pain but also her entire body was tired. She was calling on every muscle to control her bladder. This can't happen; I just can't let it happen, I've just got to hold on. The light turned green and he pulled out. Thank God, she thought.

Now she was sitting bolt upright with her legs crossed tightly on the verge of letting go when she saw that he had pulled onto the street where their apartment house stood. As he jockeyed the car to parallel park across the street from the house she knew that she would never make it into the house. While he was parking she lost control and started peeing. She felt a warm puddle forming under her backside and wetness on her hands that were folded on her lap as her crossed legs forced some of the pee upward into her lap. A dark stain appeared in the front of her green gabardine skirt.

In the few seconds it took him to park the car she peed all over herself and finally regained control of her bladder as he came to a stop. He came around to open the door for her and she looked up and said, "I don't want to get out and let you see me. I couldn't wait and I peed all over myself and your car." She said car because she felt wetness on the back of her legs and in her shoes. She wanted to cry but absolutely refused to do so. Finally, she swung her legs out and stood up. She looked down at herself and saw a dark wet stain on the front of her skirt and she ran her hand down the back of her skirt and found no dry area. "I'm sorry," she said, "I just couldn't hold it. I'll clean your car tomorrow. I'm so ashamed of myself. I had such a great time and then this happened. I'm so embarrassed, I want to die."

He pulled her to him and said, "Don't worry about it. Nobody knows but the two of us. We'll make it our secret. We better get inside so you can get cleaned up. I have a bottle of scotch... Your place or mine?"

"Mine," she said as she felt an overwhelming wave of pressure on her bladder. As he helped her across the street she let go again and peed her way into the house thus soaking the entire front of her skirt. She had decided that wetting herself wasn't so bad after all. Especially after he helped her shower and get dressed in some great lingerie that he then proceeded to take off.
