Lunambra1-2

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 2- Trees

Marina screamed as twelve men sprinted onto the road from the surrounding forest, coated in white fur that had perfectly hidden them within the snowbanks. The rear guards drew their broadswords, but they were dispatched by two more crossbowmen. Marina dove for cover under the carriage, and she heard the Queen shriek as she was pulled from her seat. Marina saw the Queen`s light blue robe as she was dragged into the forest away from the carriage. Above herself, she heard Prince Baeden scream in fury, the sound of a sword unsheathing, followed by multiple metallic clashes. She heard a fwhump from behind her, and rolled over to see the Prince laying on his back beside the carriage.

The bandits surrounded him, but he rolled backwards onto his feet, sweeping his sword around, cutting the legs of three of the bandits. They fell, and the Prince sprinted for the front of the carriage. She heard a horse neigh angrily, and the carriage began to move forward, with Marina still attached to it. She was spun out from under the carriage and started to get dragged behind it, and she looked down to see the Prince sprinting after her, holding the Hawk Axe of a fallen bandit. He dove through the air, driving the spike of the axe into the chain that held her, breaking the link as the carriage sped away from them.

Prince Baeden grabbed the servant girl and tossed her over a snowbank into the forest. He threw the axe into the chest of the nearest pursuing bandit, and dove over the snowbank after her. He lifted her to her feet and lead her by the hand deep through the trees into the forest. Every few steps he turned to look behind them, until eventually the bandits were nowhere to be seen. Finally, Baeden stopped to catch his breath, the servant girl stopping beside him. She had tears pouring from her beautiful eyes and the Prince could hardly stand the sight.

"Who were th-" she stammered, but was interrupted by the Prince.

"What is your name?"

"Wha-"

"Your name, girl. Tell me."

"I am Marina, my Prince. I just- Thank you for-"

"Silence, Marina. We mustn't draw attention to ourselves right now. Stay close to me. I have to capture one of them and figure out where they've taken my mother." He turned and began to head back towards the road.

Marina followed the Prince, ever more aware of the freezing water within her boots and pants. She feared the effects of the cold almost more than she feared the bandits...or the Prince. "Wait, please," she called. He stopped and turned to her.

"What is it?"

Summoning all the bravery she had in her small frame, she just decided to spit it out. "You saw what happened to me earlier. My boots and pants are soaking wet, and frostbite will soon set in. I need to find shelter and warmth or I will die out here, or at best, lose my legs. I understand you must find your mother, but please: Allow me to seek shelter on my own."

He stared at her inquisitively. "You speak very interestingly for a servant. Where were you raised?"

Marina failed to see the urgency of this question, but she decided to humor him. "I was raised within the castle since birth, trained to be a personal servant to you and the Queen. I was only given the true duty two weeks ago."

"Very well. If you are a servant to us, is it not your duty to offer your life to protect the Queen?"

"Well, yes, but if-"

"Then we shall find you shelter and warmth, and upon recovery you will help me recover the Queen. These bandits are well-known around these parts. They make a habit of capturing nobles and ransoming them for gold, although they've never been bold enough to target the Royal Family. I don't fear for my mother's immediate safety, they have no history of killing or harming their captives." He motioned for Marina to follow, and lead her into the thick trees again.

After trudging through even more snow, Marina spotted a cliff face hidden behind a group of evergreens which were leaning against the rock, leaving a patch of dry ground underneath the snow. "There!" she whispered, pointing at the potential shelter. Baeden walked underneath the trees, pushing into them to make sure they wouldn't fall or shift, burying them in snow. Once he determined them to be solid enough, he motioned for Marina to enter the shelter. She collapsed onto the dry pine-covered ground, exhausted from the journey, her accident, and fleeing from the bandits. The Prince sat next to her and saw her begin to shiver.

"You aren't wrong, frostbite will set in soon without intervention. However there is no way I can light a fire with hostile men in the territory." Without another word, he leaned over Marina and quickly pulled off her freezing boots and then began to untie the rope of her pants.

"Oy, what do you think you're doing!" she spat, before she could stop herself.

Baeden looked into her eyes. "I'm sorry Marina, but you have to understand. This is survival, there's no room for dignity or shame here. If you leave the wet clothes on, you know what will happen." And he pulled free the bow on her pants and slid them off of her before she could protest further. She was now exposed to the open air, and despite all the bad circumstances the Prince could not help but notice the perfect two-inch gap between her thighs and her tight womanhood that appeared as no more than a slit underneath her lower hair. He looked up into her face which was redder than the setting sun, then finally shook off the hypnotizing sight and jumped into action, removing the outer layer of his robe and wrapping it around her feet and legs. He lay next to her and wrapped his arms tightly around her legs. And there they stayed, for an hour without saying a word.

As time passed, Marina grew more and more comfortable. Her legs quickly warmed between the Prince's soft robe and his tight grasp, and she felt herself shiver from a new feeling entirely: Excitement. She was laying in a forest with a Prince, a PRINCE, beside her, embracing her nearly naked legs with his head inches from her most private areas. She turned red again as she felt herself unwillingly moisten beneath the Prince's robe. The Prince slid upwards slightly and she was terrified that he may have noticed this, but then she saw something she never imagined she would see a Prince do. He rolled onto his back and openly grabbed his manhood, letting out what could only be described as an anguished groan. After the initial shock of this display, she remembered: He had not relieved himself since the Feast the night before. With every passing second she felt herself getting braver and more comfortable around the Prince, and she spoke to him.

"My Prince, I know that you have not...tended to your humanly needs in well over twenty hours. There is no shame in it, you must do it sometime."

To her surprise, the Prince did not appear upset with her proposition. "I cannot leave this shelter," he whispered simply. "The bandits could be anywhere and I can't let my guard down as such."

It was though Marina was under some sort of spell, she couldn't control the words coming from her mouth. "Then do it here, my Lord. I swear to you, it does not offend me." The Prince's face was contorted in concentration, he was obviously at the very limits of his capacity. "Think about it, if we are attacked while your need is so urgent you would not be able to fight." She looked at him, entranced by how human he appeared, a high class noble being held to such basic needs. And for whatever reason, Marina loved it. She was surprised by what he said next. "What about you? It has been over two hours since you did it. I saw you going at that barrel of water last night, I'm sure you have need again."

Marina hadn't even thought about it with all the excitement, but now that it was mentioned, she did feel the pressure that had been so familiar to her for all that day. "Yes, my Prince, I do feel it again. But I'm sure my need is nowhere as strong as yours." She finally had the luxury of crossing her legs now, and she felt the Prince's robe pressing against her womanhood.

"It wouldn't be proper of me to relieve myself while you have need of it too," he said, and ironically went back to openly holding himself and breathing heavily. Marina wouldn't have any of that. She pulled his robe off of her and kneeled straight. He turned his head to look at her, and his face instantly went blank again the same as when she lost control beside the carriage. If he looked on with such fascination then, he could see even more now. She crawled to the base of the shelter, and leaned back against one of the trees.



"I will free you of your need to be 'proper' then," she said, and a jet of urine began spraying out from between her legs. It was too much for the Prince, and he began desperately tugging at the rope on his inner robes and finally his greaves underneath. As Marina was still going, he freed his manhood and slowly knelt beside Marina. She looked at him, at it. She had never seen a man's effects before, save for paintings and statues. It was so much bigger than either of these art forms displayed. She realized that the Prince was still looking at her, and he wasn't yet releasing his water. Her legs were positioned so he could only see from the side, and in a moment of impulse she widened her legs to give him view of herself. This did it.

He began to go, gasping and groaning in pleasure as he finally released twenty-one hours worth of urine. She ran out after a few more seconds, but kept staring at the Prince as he relieved himself beside her. He quickly tried to turn away from her, but she crawled further towards the edge of the shelter forcing him to stay facing her, as if he turned he would wet their pine bedding. "Does this amuse you, girl?" he said in an agitated tone, as she continued watching him intently. However despite his pride, his body failed him, and she saw his organ stiffen greater with each passing moment she watched him. Her womanhood was still in full view, and not even a Prince could deny her attraction. Soon enough, he finished his business and collapsed backwards onto the pine bedding.

Marina watched as he struggled to stuff his hardened member back into his tight chain and leather greaves, but it was futile. Marina lay naked beside him and his thoughts would not leave her. But he was a Prince, his honor forbade him to take advantage of the girl. And so he continued to lie there, his manhood standing straight as a Royal Guard. Marina would not take her eyes off it, as he could not take his eyes off of her. Marina's legs were getting cold from the open air, but she did not want to wrap herself as the Prince was still exposed. It was a standoff of a very unique nature, but one of them would have to falter. Marina decided to make her move.

She pulled the robes back over herself, and slid upwards to lay next to the Prince. She was now pressed against him, and she opened the robe and covered the Prince with it as well. "I offered my robe to you, there is no need to share its warmth with me," he said softly, his breath passing over her ear as he spoke. She shivered but managed to compose herself.

"There is nothing wrong with a woman being chivalrous, my Lord. I know you must be very cold." He could not deny her statement, he was very cold indeed. He pulled the robe tighter over himself and Marina did the same. They stayed there as the sun set behind the trees and the shelter slowly fell into complete blackness. Baeden's back grew sore from a stone that had been digging into it for a time, and he rolled to his right and felt his manhood press against her leg. Before he could turn away, she sleepily swatted at it, causing him to yelp softly. She rolled around and glared at him. "What was that sound for?" she asked.

"You hit me in my-" But he didn't need to finish his sentence. Marina began giggling like a young girl, pressing her hands against her mouth to stifle herself.

"I'm sorry, I thought there may have been a squirrel on me or some such, are you alright?" she said through continuous laughter. The Prince couldn't help himself, and he began chuckling along with her. He wasn't sure what he found so funny, but her laughter was contagious. He realized that they were making far too much noise, and he pulled her against his chest until they both regained their senses. They stayed together for a time, breathing softly and feeling each other's warmth. Finally Marina looked into the eyes of the Prince. "Do you want me, my Prince?"

Baeden held his breath and closed his eyes, fighting every instinct his body was shouting at him. "I cannot. I am honorbound to-"

"Oh I'm sorry, but to hell with your honor, if you want to have me, then I am yours right here and now!" she whispered desperately into his ear. He couldn't stop himself, and his right hand slid down between her legs. She inhaled deeply and pressed herself into him, holding his hand against her burning mound. He stroked her hair with his left hand and rubbed her soaked womanhood with his right. His middle finger slid smoothly into her, and he gently rotated his hand, coinciding with Marina's own gyrating. Her eyes and mouth were tightly squeezed shut, and she moaned inwardly, using all her strength not to yell out loud. He moved his left hand from his hair over her right breast, gently squeezing and rubbing it through her coat. She pulled her hands up and fiddled with the buttons until the coat fell loose, exposing her small but extremely smooth and perky breasts.

Her nipples stood at full attention, and her entire body quivered with lust. He ran his left hand over her breast, gently circling her nipple as she breathed heavily into his chest. His right hand continued its work, sliding in and out of her body. He felt that rough patch about three inches into her and began to rub it and push on it, the only thing that ever seemed to get a reaction out of the many princesses he had been presented with. However, Marina's response was far greater than any of those.

She squealed and gripped his arm so tightly it almost hurt, and she pressed her face into his robe to stop herself from screaming. She thrust forward and back, pressing herself against his hand as hard as she could. Eventually she could take the teasing no longer, and she pushed his hand away and rolled onto her back, spreading her legs wide for him. Baeden kneeled over her, gripping his rock-hard member and began to lean into her...but with the willpower of God Himself, he fell to the ground and pulled the robe tight around Marina's shaking body.

"Honorbound or not, it isn't the time nor the place. Sleep now, we search for the Queen come morning." And that was that. She was left hot and untended, as was the Prince, but if he would restrain himself she must do so as well. For well over an hour she fought the desire to bring herself to satisfaction beneath the robe, but she finally drifted into a restful sleep.

Marina awoke the next morning to the Prince gently shaking her shoulder. She sat up and looked around, and saw her pants and boots were hanging over a small firepit, as well as a large flask full of melted snow. "Won't that draw attention to ourselves?" she asked.

"I believe we are safe here, for now. Listen, you can hear birds chirping about from every direction. If there was anything dangerous about, they would be silent," he explained. "And also, I've made sure to cut the bark off the wood I'm burning, to make it produce less smoke." Marina sat up and pulled off the blanket, standing straight for the first time in what felt like a year. She stretched, and Baeden looked up at her, still naked from the waist down. The sun shone through her thin legs, making her private hair glow a bright red. He quickly looked away this time, last night's rest allowing him to focus better on his composure. "Your clothing is dry, get dressed, we must leave this shelter soon."

"I'll get dressed soon enough, but I must tend to another matter first." And she leaned back against the cliff wall and relieved herself where she stood. Baeden looked on from the corner of his eye as she emptied herself, secretly amazed at the boldness this girl showed in the face of Royalty. He knew that many other Princes and Kings would go as far as to execute the girl if she had done such an act before them, but Baeden was never like other Royalty. He had been introduced to many princesses, but as the male heir of Lunambra he had no obligation to take any but whom he chose.

And he chose none of them, not due to lack of beauty, or lack of their desire for him. He rejected their father's propositions for a reason many would find superficial or paranoid: The fact that none of them acted like a real person. They had all been trained from birth for the singular reason of being shoved into the arms of a prince of their father's choice. Each of them walked the same way, spoke with the same manner, greeted him with the same words, and lay still as he took them to his bed except when he rubbed that special spot. And each left his kingdom with the same stone-set face. No sadness of his rejection, no unique attempts to regain his favor.

Now he stood as this beautiful, astounding, emotional, animalistic girl finished urinating and walked proudly across their shelter where she pulled her pants on, tied them tightly, and slid her feet back into her warmed boots. He wanted her, there was simply no denying it. Once they returned to the castle, Baeden would find this girl and finish what she had started. "Drink," he said. "We've had no water since the Feast, and we must be healthy for what is to come." So she drank, estimating half the flask and passed the rest to Baeden, who finished it off.

He tossed it back to Marina, instructing her to fill it with more snow. After she had filled the flask, Baeden slid it into the pocket of his robe, which he put back over his body. It smelled of the scent of a woman, and it fogged his mind. He couldn't have the distraction. He tossed the robe into the flames as Marina looked on inquisitively. He took the robe's bright blue color into consideration and said: "The color of the robe does nothing to blend with the environment. If we can avoid being detected, we'll be much better off. Now come, it's time we leave."

