Title: Surprises, Surprises

By: Anonymous

Authors note: This is my first adult story, and is inspired on actual events, the names have been changed to meet contest regulations.

Sarah had always been the love of Johns life, or so Sarah thought. They had been high school sweethearts, starting early in grade nine. Sarah was a dancer, and you could tell just to look at her. She was 5'2, 88lbs, had tiny 32A cups breasts, and an ass so tight men drooled over it. John was instantly attracted. John, however was the complete physical opposite, 6'2, 180lbs, and all man. John was a drama major in the schools performing arts program. That is how they met, performing arts, the elite of the school.

Well, the real story all happened three years later, John and Sarah had fooled around before and had even fucked on more than one occasion, however watersports were never a part of their relationship. John was into bondage, and Sarah was more than happy to comply, often tying him up, and other such things.

One warm June day, John was to attend a Dramatic Improvisational Tournament in Toronto with his school, Sarah of course was not invited, as per school guidelines. Things had not been going smoothly for John and Sarah, and John was looking to break it off. Jenny, a good friend of both Sarah and John was looking for some action. Jenny was also attending the Tournament.

In order to get to the tournament the students would have to take a long nine hour bus ride, fortunately the school was smart enough to rent a coach instead of the standard school bus. The bus was of course equipped with a bathroom, right at the back near the engine. As the students and staff boarded the bus John and Jenny noticed that the teachers seemed to stay very much towards the front of the bus; Jenny and John headed for the back. After about an hour of John explaining his situation of his relationship with Sarah to Jenny, Jenny got a wicked idea. She suggested that maybe she could help him break it off in a more exciting way. Jenny was a voyeur, and she knew it. She leaned over and whispered in Johns ear that she wanted to do it right there on the bus.

She pulled up her red plaid school uniform skirt to show John that that morning she had neglected to put on any underwear. John also noticed that Jenny had completed shaven her cunt. Jenny took Johns hand and placed it on her now revealed pussy, and whispered, if you want some more follow me into the bathroom. After looking around Jenny quickly slipped into the bathroom alone. After about a minute John joined her, unknown to the teacher supervisors. After getting into the bus bathroom John could not help put notice the strong stinging smell of urine. John quietly mentioned that the smell was present and Jenny told him, why don't I make it stronger? John had no idea what she meant. She turned towards the toilet hiked her skirt up above her waist and squatted above the toilet so that John could have a nice long look at her pussy and what she was about to do.

Jenny took a deep breath and let go, her amber stream flowing not three feet from Johns completely shocked face. It was obvious that Jenny had not peed in quit a while as she had a far amount of urine to get rid of, after completing her pee Jenny looked for some toilet paper, but the roll was empty, she then motioned for John to clean her up. John looked at her and asked her what the hell he was supposed to do. Jenny replied, you were going to eat my cunt anyway why not do it now? John quickly began to much her cunt, and surprisingly it tasted delicious. Jenny and John did fuck on that bus, and never flushed the toilet the whole time. Jennys urine was never more than two feet away as, the bathroom was incredibly small, definitely not large enough for two people.

The next day John regretted deeply what he had done, but was too nervous to tell Sarah. Jenny however was not too nervous she bragged to Sarah how she had fucked her man good; Sarah wanted revenge against John and she knew exactly how to get it.

That night Sarah called up John and asked if he wanted to get drunk and then have some real hot bondage sex. John thought to himself, obviously Jenny hasn't told her of our exploits and quickly agreed. Sarah was most amused, they were to meet at the Waltzing Weasel pub not far from either of their houses at 9:00. It was currently 11:00 in the morning, and Sarah still had not yet peed, she had better things to do with it. Sarah was going to make John pay and that meant she was finally going to get to fulfil her fantasy. Sarah was truly a lover of watersports, she loved to hold it for hours on end and then let it flow out, but she never had the opportunity to share it with John, but tonight would be different.

At 9:00 Sarah met John at the pub, and the feeling to pee was strong in Sarah all ready, she quickly order two pictures of Molson XXX, a very strong Canadian Beer, for all foreigners, the alcohol level sits at about 8% and a picture has about 3-4 bottles worth in it. Sarah quickly consumed her picture, and proceeded to order a second, far more than John had ever seen Sarah drink, after her second picture Sarah told John that she was so horny and just couldn't wait to get home. John quickly paid, and the two raced back to Johns house for what was to be his biggest surprise yet.

Sarah quickly put John into his favourite form of bondage; unable to move anything. John was completely tied down, an completely unable to move. Sarah then started her revenge, she slowly peeled down her tight bluejean cutoffs that had always shown off her tight ass very well, John was already beginning to get hard. Sarah then slowly took off her white thong panties that previously had been splitting the crack of her ass perfectly. She pulled her orange tank-top over her head to expose a simply white lace bra, through which John could barely make out her soft pink nipple, she than removed her bra as well, exposing those tiny titties that John love so well. She asked John if he wanted to perform a little analingus and John quickly and loudly agreed.

Sarah slowly put on leg on either side of his face and began to squat, the feeling to pee was unbelievable, and a small drop of urine escaped from her pussy and fell on Johns face, John thought that she was just overly wet. She brought her ass within inches of his face and told him to kiss her asshole, John of course could not as he was unable to move his hands, so he began to kiss and bite her ass, Sarah let out a soft moan as he did this, and a few more drops of hot pee fell onto his face, John quickly stated that he wanted to eat Sarahs cunt, this was the moment Sarah had been waiting for, she brought her pussy in line with his mouth, took a deep breath and began to pee. This was a completely new thing for both Sarah and John, just the day before he had watch Jenny pee, and now his own girlfriend was doing it into his mouth. John tried to swallow to keep up, but he was unable to. Warm female pee flowed all over his body, and Sarah loved it. Infact Sarah got so hot that she just had to do something else.

Sarah told John that Jenny had confessed to her, and John tried to explain, it was no good Sarah was too pissed off, and she was about to get her final revenge. She stuck two of her own fingers deep into her cunt, not three inches from Johns face, she got herself off well John was forced to watch, his dick had never been so hard in all his life. Sarah maturated for over an hour like this, before walking out the door, and out of his life forever.

In case, your wondering how John got out of the bondage, Sarah called Johns mother and told her to go rescue him, nothing more. So when Johns mother found him he was all tied up in leather, completely soaked in urine. John tried to explain to his mother that Sarah had peed on him, but his mother simply would not believe him. Sarah now had performed the perfect revenge.

