Hi, My name is Elizabeth and I'm from England, I love this web site and visit frequently to read the latest stories and look at the pictures. I am not gay but get turned on by female desperation; anyway I had to tell someone what happened to me today....
I love playing holding games and getting myself into desperate situations in public, I always wait until I'm in the privacy of my own home before letting go though, perhaps in tight trousers or jeans or with nothing on in the bath or shower. Well today was a bit different, I was out shopping with a long skirt on and a sweater, just casual I suppose; and I was really feeling full, I'd had plenty to drink and couldn't remember the last time i had been to the toilet. I wanted to wait as long as I could as the shops were closing soon and I didn't have much time left...to be honest I thought I could hold it. I was in a shop called 'NEXT.' For you non–locals it is a slightly up market ladies wear shop and this particular store was new, opening only this week. It was really big and I was quite involved picking out nice things for Christmas, anyway I didn't realize it but i was sort of doing a little wiggle as i was walking round the shop with all my bags and clothes to try on and when I finally got to the front of the queue for the changing rooms I was in a bit of a state. My stomach was actually hurting; I don't think i had ever let it get this far before.... anyway I went into the changing cubicle but found it really difficult to get changed and when I bent down to take my shoes off I was scared to stand up in case I went right there. I regained my composure but then in a bit of a panic I realized there was no way I could wait perhaps ten minutes to pay and make it back to my car or anywhere I could go and then it happened, my body just seemed to push some of my pee out. I couldn't stop it happening but as soon as it did I pushed my hand between my legs and managed to get control. I could feel it coming back and I knew I was going to pee myself so I crouched down in the corner of the cubicle and tried to pull my knickers aside but it was too late.... my pee shot out so fast and noisily, I know whoever was in the cubicle next to me could hear. It was flooding through my knickers and on to the carpet floor. I managed to stop before too much had come out and I quickly got out of there leaving my purchases for another time. I got to the car really fast and took my knickers off in the car park leaving them on the floor and got in the car. I had some tissues and cleaned myself up a bit but I was still dying to pee. I thought I was going to wet the car seat all the way home and nearly did but as I arrived home I got out of the car by my house I just let go, it felt so good, there were people on the other side of the road but I was beyond caring and I continued to piss myself right up to my front door, leaving a huge trail on my path.... and through the house. When I finally got into the bath I was thinking about the whole situation and couldn't help but bring myself to orgasm, a wet one at that...
Elizabeth