Lunambra 1-1

Author: Bulge Lover

Hello everyone. This is set in a very low-fantasy world with some very realistic and some violent themes. I'll split the story into multiple parts to make it easier to read in multiple sessions, as this is a long one. Enjoy!

Chapter 1- Travels

Marina walked beside the carriage, leaning slightly forward and keeping her arms pressed tightly to her side. A river flowed beside her, twisting through the forest trees. She stood still and held her legs together, but was quickly forced to continue walking, the chain around her waist pulling her along.

It was the year 1432, and Marina was a servant girl for the royal family of Queen Jenara, the monarch of a small kingdom called Lunambra, laying in the northern lands of Europe. The Queen was traveling home from a Joust which had taken place in their neighboring kingdom of Valdus. Queen Jenara sat atop the carriage beside her son, Prince Baeden. Six armed and armored guards escorted the carriage, two on each side and two sat on the rear platform of the carriage, watching the rear flank.

Once the Joust of Valdus was completed, there was a Feast which consisted of barrels of ale and mead and tankards of wine. Of course, Marina's refreshment had consisted of a barrel of semi-melted snow which was used to cool the jugs of wine and ale, and in the heat of the firepit and many torch sconces, Marina drank more than her fair share of it. Once the members of the Feast were satisfied and full, the Queen chose to leave the castle that same night to arrive in Lunambra in time for a small competition of their Knights.

Marina had not relieved herself since this Feast. She was held to the carriage by a thin chain which wrapped around her waist and over her shoulders. It was her first time journeying to another kingdom with the Queen, so the traveling freedoms of more trusted servants were not allowed to her. With each step, her belly throbbed and her knees felt weak. She knew that neither the Queen, Price, or the guards had relieved themselves, same as her, but they were used to journeys like this. Marina was accustomed to staying either in in the Queen's or Prince's tower where there was always a chamberpot in a minute's reach.

The Castle Town of Lunambra was only fifteen miles from the Jousting Hall of Valdus, but at the trotting pace of a horse escorting on-foot guards, the distance still felt great. On and on they walked, and after what felt like an Age, Marina could contain herself no longer. As she walked she let out a short yelp, which caught the attention of the Royalty. The Prince looked over the side of the carriage at her, the Queen glaring over her son's shoulder.

"What is wrong with you, girl?" The Queen leered down at her, and the guards bought the to a stop.

"I apologize, my Queen, I...A stone beneath the snow struck my foot. It will not happen again," Marina said, as the vulgarity of expressing a need to urinate in front of the Queen would surely mean a heavy punishment, perhaps even banishment from the kingdom.

"Very well, be careful then," said the Queen, and motioned to the guards to continue the journey. And so she walked. Nearly an hour later, now passing into the afternoon as the sun crossed the top of the sky, they came over a hill to see the turrets of Lunambra's castle, appearing tiny from the distance. There was still travel to be had, well into the evening. But Marina's body had plans of its own. If she could stop at her own pace, hold herself the way she needed to, she might have been able to control herself for the rest of the afternoon. But being constantly pulled, with a chain tied around her waist, there was nothing to be done.

She crossed her arms over her chest and started shivering. Not from the cold, for even as a servant she was well-dressed for the weather. In Lunambra, servants were well-trained to cater to the need of any Noble, and that training required much time. Lunambra servants were not disposable, and to have them dying from cold during every journey was not desirable. She shivered from urgency, feeling the abhorrent quantity of water inside of her pressing down from all directions. The chain that was regularly comfortably loose was squeezed tightly against her belly, and her womanhood throbbed stronger with each passing second. She had never felt like this before, with her own body doing everything it could to ruin her life. Some servants would welcome banishment, a chance to face the world on their own, a free person. But not Marina. She was comfortable, complacent, and held good standing among the peasants and guards of the Castle and city.

She felt herself about to moan again, but bit down hard on her bottom lip to contain it. However, while the moan would be contained, her waters would not. She felt her face turning bright red even through the bitter cold, as a burst of wetness found its way into her thick leather pants. The liquid slid down her leg and found its home in her fur boots. She tightened every muscle she could while maintaining the speed of the carriage, but it was too late for her. As she walked, more and more water escaped her tortured body, sliding warmly down her legs into her boots.

After five minutes of slow leaking, she simply lost control. As she walked, her urine flowed strongly from her, sliding down her legs and pouring out of her boots. She looked behind her, waiting for the guards riding the rear of the carriage to notice the trail of yellow snow right to her. But there was no trail. After a few seconds of pondering, her bladder still going strong, she realized that her urine was clear as she had consumed nothing but water the past night. It was clear as the ponds within the Capitol City, and she felt a shred of hope that her humiliation may go unnoticed. As she thought this, she finally looked towards the carriage.

The Prince was staring right at her. Wide-eyed and astonished, he looked on as she flowed like a creek, hardly breathing. He looked to be in a trance, and his gaze did not falter for the entire duration of her relief. She had a look of pure fear on her face, obviously expecting him to jump from the carriage and behead her on the spot, or some such similar punishment. He had no intention of doing so.

As they were moving, Prince Baeden had heard the hiss of water quietly beside him. At first he thought of the river leading to Valdus, but they had long since left it behind. He looked to his right, and spotted the servant girl. At first it wasn't quite clear what was happening. It was a surprising sight, seeing water rise from her boots and pour into the snow. However he quickly realized that she had been forced to relieve herself as she walked. Her pants were made from leather and water would not penetrate them, causing her liquids to rise from her boots once filled. As she walked, more and more water sprayed from her feet.

After a long period of time, her waterfalls ceased. She was still looking up at him, her eyes glowing with fear. He did all he could to comfort the girl without drawing attention to her, smiling reassuringly down at her. Her gaze fell, and she pulled her fur-lined hood over her head and continued walking as the chain pulled her along. Of course the Prince was in urgent need of relief as well, and he could in no way blame the girl for being unable to hold herself for the entire trip. In fact, he was utterly impressed that she had been able to make it this far. If he weren't used to holding such quantities of drink from countless Feasts and Warmeets, he was certain he would have lost himself much sooner than this.

As for the Queen, she was oblivious to the situation as her right ear was nearly deaf due to the natural gas explosion that took her husband the King from her as they explored the newly dug passages beneath the castle by torchlight. Her legs twitched gently, but her own need was doing well enough. It was part of the training of a Lady to be able to absorb any amount of drink and release none of it until she was well ready. Of course there were limits, but she was yet to reach them. Men were vulgar and guards, Princes, and Kings alike would see no backlash from spraying off a castle ledge during a drunken feast. She had seen her own husband make a game of it by seeing who could mark the furthest snow along with King Carter of Valdus. However, if a Queen or any other Lady of nobility were to make water elsewhere than her own chamberpot, she would be forced to flee the Kingdom out of pure shame. She squeezed her legs together for another second, then motioned at the guards to increase the horse's pace.

Marina felt a jolt as the horses picked up a bit of speed. She started slowly jogging to keep up, the chains rattling around her body. At first, the heat of her urine had been comfortable, even pleasurable, but it had quickly started to cool and she began to fear the possibility of frostbite on her legs and feet. They would likely reach the warmth of the castle before it became a problem, though. She glanced up at the carriage from beneath her hood, and saw the Prince was still staring at her with a dazed grin on his face. What is he doing that for, she thought. If he wasn't going to punish her, did he find some amusement from it? Did he find her funny? She pulled her hood back down and kept jogging beside the carriage.

Prince Baeden finally tore his gaze away from the servant girl. He realized it was utterly rude to stare as such, but for some inexplicable reason he found the scene fascinating. This small girl had obviously done everything in her power to contain herself, despite the fact that she knew the length of the journey ahead of them. What was it about women that made them torment themselves such over something so simple and understandable? Why not just say she needed a piss and stop the carriage to properly relieve herself?

But then he thought of his mother, and how she would have reacted if a servant girl were to interrupt their travels in such a manner. Maybe it was better this way after all. He shifted in his seat, and felt his manhood stiffen slightly beneath his chainmail greaves. He looked back down at the girl, and had to admit to himself that she was definitely attractive. Her best point was her eyes, which were a shade of amber he had never seen before. He had a good look at them while they were staring each other down as she was wetting herself. In the light of the sun they looked nearly purple.

Other than her eyes, her hair was another fine feature, a dark, morose shade of red that matched the very few leaves that remained on the trees above them. She was healthier than other servant girls he had seen, obviously receiving better and more food as she was a personal servant to the Royal Family. She was the perfect height, he estimated 15 centimeters shorter than his two meters. Her legs were long but they didn't take away from the rest of her body.

Even through her heavy animal skin coat (Elk, he thought), her breasts were standing out, enhanced by the chain pressing into them from either side. He shifted again, feeling his bladder pressing into the rope tying his robes together. He thought about calling for the carriage to stop so he could attend to his need, but in his endless chivalry, refused to force the servant girl to know this after she had so strongly fought for her dignity. He looked away from her just as he heard two twangs of crossbow strings, and the two leading guards fell to the ground, dead.

