Deliberate Desperation
	(26-30 year old member)
Posted by deleted on January 22nd, 2010 at 1:04PM

I like to post stories when I have to pee describing my desperation, so here we go!

This morning, I peed at about 9 a.m. After that I drank a large glass of water, and two large glasses of coke. Around 11:30 I started having to pee, but ignored it and went out with my friends. At the restaurant the service was slow for food, so I drank two glasses of sweet tea (which goes through me IMMIDIATELY). By the time I left the restaurant at 1 I was starting to have to go really badly. It's 1:50 now and I am desperate, an 8 on a scale of one to ten.

I'm squirming in my seat, and I have my legs crossed to make it harder to hold. I haven't spurted yet, but it's coming! I'm gonna go get some water to make it even worse ;)

Walking was hard but not impossible. I had to squeeze my thighs together to keep from leaking while pouring the water. I drank a small glass, because I want to be able to drag this feeling out as long as possible.

2:30 AH I just had a coughing fit and my bladder is achinggggggg. I leaked a little, too.

3:00 Bladder spasming regularly now omg there goes another I'm REALLY feeling those sweet teas!

4:45 Ohhhhh I have to PEEEE I am bursting at the seams! My bladder is so hard I can't even fully sit down.

5:00 I have one hand jammed into my crotch and when the waves come I need both, I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to make it! Oh no here it comes....

Oh God! I just started peeing and I barely was able to stop it...

5:15 just as I was about to give up, my boyfriend is home so we're gonna go have some fun!

The final number is that I held until about 6:30. When my boyfriend came in I was so desperate I couldn't even speak, but he knew what was wrong because I do it a TON :)

He stood behind me holding my arms back and felt me squirming and bouncing against him. Since I couldn't use my hands, I was doing a HUGE pee dance, bending down and doubling over and pulling my legs up, crossing and hopping and moaning. Then he took me into the bathroom and made me undress, which was INCREDIBLY hard. We stood in the shower (my back was to him again) and he reached down, told me to hold for as long as I could, and pressed onto my bladder. I only lasted about ten seconds, and then you can guess what happened!

The relief was amazing :)

I hold all the time and will have plenty more stories to tell, so keep checking in with me!

