About me....

Described by Sean.

Posting this for a female net acquaintance. I hope you enjoy as much as I did. Don't contact me asking how to reach her-- I obviously wouldn't be doing this intermediate step if she wasn't a little paranoid about her privacy.

Maybe my interest in watersports stems from that period when I was a little girl age 5 or so, playing with the other little kids in my neighborhood. I remember how exciting and naughty it felt pulling our pants down for each other and daring each other to pee and such.... I guess I never really grew out of that.

There a was girl a couple years older who I idolized. She was quite brazen, possibly from exposure to her three older brothers. She did all kinds of (at that time) risque things, not the least of which was she would pee anywhere. If we were gone somewhere for a long time, I might be starting to fret about finding a bathroom, but she'd without hesitation go behind the smallest of bushes announcing to all within earshot that she was going to "go".

So I guess I started to emulate her. Plus I was also influenced by how casually the boys would pee on bushes. I started to privately experiment with standing and peeing myself. I discovered it really wasn't that hard to do. By pulling on my pussy lips a certain way and making sure I "started" quickly, I could loft an impressive stream, much like the guys. I found that if I avoided emptying myself completely, and shut off rather snappily, I could also avoid getting more than just a few drops in my panties.

I forgot about all this silly stuff pretty much for several years. As we got older, us kids quit doing that kind of experimentation. But I still harbored thoughts about watching guys pee, exhibitionistic behavior, and the like. And I didn't hesitate to use my peeing prowess I'd developed during those formative years when necessary.... when bathrooms were unavailable and other girls were suffering. I noticed I continued to get some bit of charge out of it too.

It was strongly reawakened when, as a rebellious teenager, I discovered drinking. While other girls were now really learning about overfilled bladders, guzzling beer but still responding to societal inhibitions about girls not going outside, I was in my home territory. Emboldened by alcohol, I first squatted like the other girls who were brave enough to urinate out of doors, but then discovered it was fun to show off and make like the fellas. When the other girls would go squat behind the car, I'd wander over to the bushes or trees and yank my jeans down. I enjoyed letting the guys have a little look at my bare butt, and also of course the opportunity to glance over at them while they watered the foliage. It wasn't quite as easy and neat standing and peeing now with pubic hair, but I've never minded the slight residual dampness.

I was teased a bit for these antics, accused of having a penis and the like. But I was also discovering sex, and some of the luckier guys quickly found out that that was not at all the case. High school was a fun period, almost like that younger period.... a period of sexual discovery, drinking, and the resultant peeing and some exhibitionism. For me, there was nothing like double dating, getting a bunch of beer, and going out into the country. I made sure everyone in the car saw plenty of me, and I enjoyed all the intimate walks away from the car to pee. I, for some reason, liked watching other girls go too, and encouraged them to try some of my techniques, although without much success. I guess that was just a little too strange for them.

Again, that all faded somewhat as I went off to college. Now private rooms and readily accessible bathrooms abounded, and while sex was still exciting, a certain "coolness" seemed required, more so than in highschool when we were crazed with the first flush of discovery. I'd still look for situations when I could.... I loved staying at a guys dorm and sneaking into the mens room, traipsing around the halls with next to nothing on. But still it was nothing like those high school parking and drinking years.

I knew I missed some of those highschool activities, but I hadn't really formed the idea that I could find a guy to do pee related things with. I remember bumping into a letter in a boyfriend's Penthouse that mentioned a girl who willfully wet her pants. That touched a nerve and made me realize I wasn't completely alone in seeing peeing as an exciting and fun thing to do, as something sexual.

Again, I more or less forgot about things for a while, settling into a longer "romantic" relationship. I did run across a Nancy Friday book about men's sexual fantansies and was intrigued to find some letters from men who discussed various pee topics. While they were very interesting to me, they weren't exactly my cup of tea. I should disgress and say that I'm not really into the pants wetting stuff or desperation that seems to fascinate some. I can hold it a long long time if I have too, good muscles and stretchy bladder I guess. I don't think I'd ever wet my pants, I'd just get into more and more pain, which isn't much fun. And I'm not into drinking it, or it being a degrading thing. I just like the playfulness, and the visual aspects of seeing and being seen I suppose, and the feeling of just letting go. Anyhow, on with how I did meet one guy who I got to try wet sex with....

Now I'm not a total fox or anything, but I have a petite body and nice shape even if I do say myself. And I have a bit of a whacky, fun streak, so I can honestly say (as the risk of sounding immodest) that I've always had plenty of boyfriends, most of whom treated my quite nice. But it finally happened. I met a guy who was a total jerk to me, but absolutely captivated me. He was good looking but not in a pretty boy sort of way, had a great job, and had girls after him all the time. He was amazing in bed (and many other places). 

Sex seemed so completely natural to him. There was none of that almost athletic obsession some guys have, or that "let's do this just to say we did" attitude. Things just seemed to happen with him. But I could never possess him. Although he saw quite a bit of me for a while, he was always seeing other girls too. I could throw tantrums and swear I'd never see him a again, but then I'd get drunk and find myself at his door late at night. I was whipped. It was sad, and stupid, he was such a jerk. But he ruled me with that dick of his.

We got into wet sex when he just casually and overtly peed on me in the shower one afternoon. I peed right back. And from then on, without really discussing it much, peeing slowly became part of our lovemaking, playfully at first, and then more earnestly. We'd drench his bed, alternately climbing on top of each other and squirting, and screwing and squirting and screwing. I don't think this was any big thing to him. He liked it, maybe not quite as much as I did. Sometimes he wouldn't want to since there was the mess to clean up. But I never got the feeling he thought it was out of the ordinary. For all I knew, all girls did this with him.... but I was mesmerized.

On top of all that, he encouraged me to dress sexy and be exhibitionistic. Where most guys liked you dressed sexy until you were "with" them and all of a sudden they were threathened by it, this guy wanted me to be sleazy. I'm a bit moderate in dress in spite of my wilder aspects, but he had me out of my mind. I'd wear slut clothes and just pray I wouldn't be seen by friends. He'd pull my shirt up on the street walking between bars and my pussy would just melt. And he'd lift up my dress for other guys to see and I loved it. And we'd pee anywhere.... you wouldn't believe, but that's a whole other story.

It was a stormy romance, if it was even a romance at all. We'd been particularly rocky since he'd started also seeing another girl I knew. But one night I was out with girlfriends drinking and I was terrifically horny. Well, I decided I would again swallow my pride and make a late night appearance at his door. So I started holding it in anticipation of getting to pee all over him. By the time I dropped off my girlfriends and headed over there, I was even hornier from the anticipation, and my bladder was fuller than I would have liked.

I got to his house and went to the door, so anxious to get my little pussy fucked by him, and to drench him and his bed.... but I heard music and voices and peeked through the drapes. He had this other girl there and they were already at it on the couch. I saw red, I was furious. I was considering making a scene, but some remnant of my pride kept me from it. I was so frustrated, angry, horny, and had to pee like the dickens, I couldn't think straight. I went over to his Blazer which was parked in the driveway. It was unlocked and I got in and sat in the driver's seat. I wanted to pee all over his pride and joy.

I wiggled my shorts down. At first I just went a bit, just sitting there on the seat. But it felt so so good to let go. Then I started rubbing my poor tingling rejected pussy. I ended up peeing all over in his truck, peeing my little heart out and finally rubbing myself to orgasm. I must admit I felt pretty pathetic when I was all done. I pulled up my pants and went home. I never saw him again after that, but I'm pretty sure he figured out who drenched the inside of his truck. But it was a breaking point and I was at least able to go on.

Now that I've discovered the internet, I know there are plenty of people out there who share my interests. And I'm sure I'll meet someone else one of these days. But please don't try to contact me through Sean. If you post here and sound interesting and sane, maybe I'll contact you.... if I don't manage to convince Sean to give up his silly fiancee first :)

