Jane's Discomfort

Like you I have always been excited at the thought of a girl dying to go to the loo. Though I fantasised about this from my teens and even earlier, it's not something I really witnessed in earnest until I was about 18. Then one or two sightings - a girl waiting for the toilet at a party, another fidgeting on an underground station, and one or two others helped keep my interest alive and gave me an appetite for more. But for the most part I was dependant on fantasy and secret story writing.

Then when I was 19 or 20 my fantasy became reality. I was living in a bedsitter in London and invited my first long term girl friend back to my place for the evening. It was all very innocent - things were different in the early 1960s. We had been going out for about a fortnight, mostly meeting fter work for a coffee or occasional evening at the pictures. Now in my bedsitter we had something to eat and drink and then amused ourselves with a board game; I was teaching her how to play chess. Anyway, as the evening drew on I began to realise that Jane was fidgeting about.

At first I could hardly believe it but soon realised it was true. After a couple of mugs of tea Jane now needed to go to the toilet but was too shy to ask where it was. She shifted backwards and forwards, constantly changing her position, now sitting on the edge of the chair, sometimes sitting on her hands, then leaning forward and crossing her legs. Luckily the coffee table we were playing at was quite a low one so I could watch every fidget.

Then she stood up and walked across the room to get her handbag, ostensibly to get a hankie, but I couldn't help notice her glancing at the door. She hadn't been to my flat before so would have to ask where the toilet was. Instinct told me to keep talking; I've no idea what I talked about but anyway she didn't feel able to interrupt and had no option but to return to the chess board and sit down again. We carried on with our game of chess - but for both of us our concentration was elsewhere!

We played for another 15 or 20 minutes and my excitement rose as she got more and more uncomfortable, her thighs moving restlessly, her conversation more and more stilted; I realised now that she really was dying for a pee but to embarrassed to ask to 'leave the table' during the game. I was quite a shy person myself and had been in that situation myself more than once so knew just what she was going through, and what thoughts must have been going through her head. A couple of times I saw Jane looking towards the door as if trying to pluck up courage to 'ask'.

Once, seeing the position on the chess board as desperate as her own, she said "I give in" but cruelly I insisted on continuing the game a little longer. My view was made the more erotic on a couple of occasions when her fidgeting caused her skirt to rise up, revealing the frilly flounces of her petticoat and, briefly, the dark part at the top of her stockings. Of course, this gave her another excuse to change position, pushing her skirt hem modestly over her knees, and sitting once again on the edge of the chair.

But at last our short game came to an end and she quickly stood up. Anticipating her next move I seized her hand, drew her towards me and pulled her down onto my knee. She responded to my kisses but all the time I could feel her moving anxiously up and down, quite unable to sit still for a moment. She was clearly anxious to break away and eventually got up to go for her handbag once again. Then, with a determined calmness, came the question that both of us - me with my cruelty, she with her shyness - had been putting off. "Where's the Ladies' room?" she asked.

When she came back she was altogether calmer and it was almost time for me to see her to the station. That night I played over every nuance of her dilemma in my mind - and eagerly awaited our next date, especially her next visit to my flat. Much as I liked Jane, uppermost in mind was the inevitable question: "Will she get desperate again?"

But I'd have to wait for that - and so will you!

