Two Tourists - A tale and a sequel (part 4)

By Francine 

Chapter 4. Interrogation

It had been nearly three hours since Irma had been in Vassily's office. Since leaving there earlier, she had been allowed drinks of water, even told to consume a large glass. She had been given no food, not that she was hungry. Now she was naked, her clothes in a sealed box somewhere, her face cleaned of make-up, her hair in disarray, her hands in handcuffs behind her back, as she stood waiting in a policeman's office. She felt terribly exposed and humiliated, she was getting tired of standing, and her full bladder was crying for the relief she had been denied.

Durv left the room for a moment, closing the door. He had instructed her to stay in position. Within a minute he was back. He left the door open, and through it two other men outside peered in at her. "Now", he commanded her, "We go!" He indicated the door, and ushered her through it.

She was led back down the hall, the stairs, the downstairs hall, all the way to the office where Vassily had earlier questioned her. She had to walk barefoot, naked, exposed to the view of numerous people who stood about. Finally she was escorted into Vassily's office. Durv came in with her, and closed the door behind her. Vassily sat behind his large wooden desk, and a uniformed aide sat nearby. Irma was made to stand in front of the desk.

Vassily conversed briefly with Durv, in Russian. He looked at Irma's naked body, missing absolutely nothing. For a minute or two he kept her standing there while he just looked, in silence.

Then he spoke to her, in his best English. "Miss Bradley, you do look a bit different from your appearance in our earlier visit. I hope you have not been treated too harshly."

There were traces of tears in her eyes, eyes that still projected a somewhat subdued defiance. "Why have you done this to me? You made me take my clothes off, your men took pictures of me with no clothes on, and now you keep me naked! And they haven't let me use a bathroom! Are you trying to torture me? You have absolutely no right! I'm American--"

Vassily cut her off. "We know who you are, Miss Bradley. The photographs are customary when charges are brought. We must be able to positively identify you for any future proceedings. I am sorry if you find it unpleasant, but we find it necessary. The photos will show whether you have any physical markings or signs of injury. We intend to make it very clear that you have not been harmed."

"Why am I not allowed to use a bathroom? I have asked and your guards won't allow me!"

"Are you telling me you feel a need for physical relief?" Vassily asked, as though unaware of her condition. "Yes! I am very uncomfortable. Will you allow me?" Irma asked, nervously and hurriedly.

"Allow you what?" asked Vassily.

"Allow me to use a bathroom - a toilet!"

"Exactly what do you need to do?" Vassily inquired, obviously prolonging the matter.

"Do I have to spell it out for you? What do think I need?" Irma was indignant and increasingly irritated. Vassily gave her no answer. He waited for her next comment.

"I need to urinate! I have a full bladder! They made me drink water. Is that what you wanted to hear me say?" 

Vassily smiled.

"It is helpful when you are honest with us. I understand what you want. There are some things we want, too, and I hope you will continue to be honest and open. If you are ready to discuss the matters we had on the table earlier, we can proceed. I find that sometimes it is helpful if we clearly understand each other's needs and are open to each other. I know you have some needs, but I must ask you to restrain those needs a bit longer while we go into other matters. You are, I might observe, a bit more open, so to speak. Your clothes will be returned to you at the proper time. At the moment we are keeping you without clothing, so you are not concealing any of your physical self from us. Perhaps this will encourage you not to attempt to conceal any of the other matters, either. If you will be as open in our discussion as you are in your physical state, we should be able to clear up these things rather soon. Your physical relief must wait, also, but we will allow you relief at the appropriate time"

Irma squirmed noticeably. She was sweating, just a bit. Her discomfort was obvious and growing. Her full bladder was more than just uncomfortable, it was beginning to be painful. She attempted to squeeze her legs together, but it was little help. She desperately needed to relieve herself.

Vassily went on to ask her about transactions she might have had with the money she had brought in. He probed carefully, seeking to know where she acquired the icons. Irma was inwardly furious; outwardly defiant. She wanted desperately to cover herself from the gaze of the men questioning her, but even more she wanted relief for her aching bladder. 

After a few minutes she blurted out, "If you don't allow me to use a toilet, you're going to have a puddle on your floor! I can't hold myself any longer!" Vassily simply stopped his questions and stared at her for a moment in silence. "I think, Miss Bradley, that would be most unwise. If you are unable to properly control your body functions, we can have you taken out in the street, where you can display your body and its functioning in front of all those who care to watch, until you develop the proper amount of discipline and self restraint."

"You wouldn't dare!" Irma lashed back. 

"Shall we go on with the questions?" Vassily asked.

"You can't treat me this way! I refuse to answer your questions until you allow me to relieve myself in a decent way! You cannot-- "

Vassily cut her off with some words to Durv. He motioned to the men to take her out.

Durv roughly turned her around and pushed her out the door. He led her down the hall. Two guards quickly joined him, holding her by the arms. They headed for the outside door.

Suddenly Irma realized they were indeed taking her outside. She screamed at her captors, "NO, NO. Don't take me out there - Please!! Let me go back to the office - I'll hold myself somehow -just don't take me out there!" In her mind she had a vision of being pushed out onto the street naked, with a crowd of men probably waiting out there. She didn't see how she could restrain her bladder much longer, but she was sure she didn't want to be forced out to the public street.

Durv seemed to understand. He stopped the two guards. He shook a menacing finger at her, as if to indicate "only this once!" and turned her around toward the office she had come from.

They re-entered the office where Vassily sat. He smiled at her. "Have you decided to be more cooperative?" he asked. All she could do was nod her head.

"Are you ready to admit unlawful exchanges of money?" He asked her pointedly.

"We did exchange some money on the street" she began, tears in her eyes, her whole body quivering. Vassily then asked her several other questions, which she only vaguely understood. She simply nodded.

"I think you must be thirsty," Vassily said to her, after making some notes on the questioning. "Bring her some water!" 

"I'm not thirsty - I don't need a drink-- just, please, let me pee!" She almost cried, tears in her eyes and her voice breaking.

In a moment a guard came in with a pitcher of water. Vassily motioned for it to be given to her. "Drink it - all of it!" he commanded. "I will have a statement prepared for you to sign It will take maybe half an hour. You are not to relieve yourself until you have signed it! Once that has been done we will allow you to release your water. Until then you are to stand there and hold it!"

He started to leave the desk, carrying some papers. "I don't think I can hold myself - I just can't!" she protested, rather weakly.

"Then", Vassily instructed, "I will have my men help you. You will hold!" He was quite firm. One of the two men immediately placed his hand on her genitals, squeezing the lips together. She glared at him in protest, then turned her eyes downward. She knew his hand there would not completely prevent her bladder from releasing, but the invasion of what was left of her privacy was just one more terrible indignity. 

A second guard held the pitcher to her. A glass straw was in it, to enable her to take in the water without using her hands. She took the tube into her mouth and began to drink the water. It seemed an eternity until the pitcher was empty. Her stomach again felt bloated; and she couldn't imagine the torture that awaited her stretched bladder if she didn't quickly get relief.

She stood, legs squeezed together as best she could, her guards alternating holding her genitals closed. Her hands were still cuffed behind her. Her body was shaking and sweating under the stress. Her breasts quivered. The minutes slowly ticked by. Her stomach ached with its load, the pain in her tormented bladder getting worse by the minute.

At long last Vassily returned, a carefully typed paper in his hands.

"Are you ready to acknowledge your breach of the currency and customs laws?" he asked her quickly.

She didn't care. She didn't know what the paper said. She just had to have relief from the pain inside her. She nodded. He had her hands uncuffed, then presented her with a pen, his hand indicating a spot on the document where she was to sign. She tried to write her name, her hand shaking.

Vassily held up the finished document. "Now, I suppose you would like some relief".

At his order, a guard took the now empty pitcher and held it between her legs, spreading them with his hand. "You may release your water into the container!" Vassily instructed her All the men were watching closely.

It took Irma a few moments to get her muscles to relax, but shortly her urine began to pour from her. She tried to bend a bit into a squatting position, but the guards held her erect. The contents of her bladder poured into the pitcher, splattering audibly. She held her head up, her eyes almost closed. The humiliation of this was such that she didn't want to see her spectators. Yet, the relief she gradually began to feel was sublime. The awful ache in her bladder ceased. Finally, Vassily commanded her, "Stop - it's full - enough for now!" 

A bit shocked, she tightened her sphincter to shut off the flow. It wasn't easy or quick, but she managed. Her bladder wasn't empty, but it was a lot more comfortable than it had been.

Vassily gave some instructions in Russian, then spoke to Irma. "I am sorry you were so slow in cooperating. I hope you will give us less trouble in the future. For the moment you will be held here tonight. In the morning you will join some other prisoners who will be learning some lessons in cooperation. Don't make it difficult for us, and learn the lesson well. If you are not troublesome, you may be out of here in a few days. If not..." he let her guess the rest of the sentence.

Irma had supposed that, having signed the statement, she would be given her clothes back. She was wrong. She was led through the hall, where various men and women stared at her as she passed, and then down some steps into a basement. She could see a row of cells, some occupied, some vacant. She was taken to one near the end of the block and ushered inside.

In the cell, there was a cot with a crude mattress, a sink, and, blessing of blessings, a toilet. A blanket was tossed at her, and the door was closed and locked behind her.

She immediately drew the blanket around her. Looking to see who was around, she used the toilet to relieve her bladder. She fell onto the cot, wondering what would happen next. An hour or so later, a woman came to her cell door, unlocked a small opening in it, and handed her a tray. She took it in and looked it over. There were a few pieces of black bread, a piece of cheese, and a small slice of some kind of sausage, accompanied by a cup of lukewarm weak tea.

Shaking her head at the prison fare, she ate most of it, then fell exhausted to the cot and drew the blanket around her body. 
