Saturday night and Lemonade was packed from wall to wall with gorgeous girls. Stella looked around her in wonder. Her London friends had been right; Lemonade was definitely Manchester's hottest lesbian nightclub. Quality tunes pulsed from the decks and quality girls filled every corner. Serious female talent stretched from the strobing dance floor to the secluded alcoves where several sets of faces were already pressed together.
A girl, that was what Stella needed now. There was definitely enough to choose from. Some possibilities had already caught her gaze– maybe the strawberry blonde at the bar, or the little Chinese girl. Yes, the little Chinese girl in the even smaller tight white dress had definitely caught her eye. She was wriggling her hips and pulsing her legs but not in time to the music. Could this little oriental bundle of sex be desperate for the loo? Wow, this girl could really fulfill some of Stella's dirtiest fantasies. The Chinese girl continued to agitatedly cross and uncross her legs, then turned to make her way through the crowd. Stella watched her leave, her swaying hips were really stirring up Stella's juices, and then the girl turned and flashed Stella a quick smile. Stella's heart jumped, and she quickly followed. The girl weaved her way through the crowd and into the ladies restroom. Stella had a mild need for the loo anyway. May be she could get into the next cubical. Listen to the Chinese girl's sacred waters tinkling into the pan. That wouldn't be a bad start to the evening.
"Hi," said the Chinese girl with a sweet smile and a swing of the legs as Stella walked into the ladies room. "I'm Minka." Stella looked around. They were the only ones there, she and the Chinese girl who was sitting on the edge of the washbasin happily swinging her legs and looking at her.
"Hi," Stella replied, a bit surprised.
"This place will be packed out later. All those bursting fannies."
"Suppose it will be" replied Stella uncertainly.
"You were watching me, you want to have me don't you?" Stella was surprised by the accusation and stammered a denial.
"So you want to be my girlfriend?" The girl persisted.
"OK I suppose we could dance for a bit," replied Stella, surprised at the speed things were progressing.
"I only shag grown up girls."
"I'm twenty–five," argued Stella, feeling a bit perplexed by the comment.
"Do you want to share my loo?" asked Minka as she hopped off of the side and pushed a cubical door open. Stella went red with embarrassment, then regained her composure and hurried inside. This could really be quite a treat.
On closing the door behind her, Stella found that Minka was already sitting on the toilet, looking up at her with a wicked smile. This girl was strange. She was sitting there still fully clothed and with the toilet seat still down.
"I'll go first," she offered, and with that she spread her legs, coughed a little and leant forwards slightly with a look of concentration on her face. Stella's jaw dropped as she looked down at the pretty white hemline expecting to see the first droplets of urine dribbling off the edge of the toilet seat. "Oh silly me," she exclaimed, suddenly closing her legs and standing up. "I forgot to pull my knickers down. I nearly wet myself, and grown up girls don't do that do they do they?" Stella opened her mouth, but words were beyond her. Instead she could only stand there and feel the hot dampness between her legs spread its erotic intensity.
"Are you a grown up girl?" She asked again. "I only go with grown up girls. Are you a grown up girl?"
"Yes of course," Stella finally managed to stammer.
"Can you prove it?"
"Prove it?" Repeated Stella– confused and bewildered by the question.
"If you can prove that you are a more grown up girl than I am then you can have me," explained Minka. "Oh and all my girlfriends would never go to the toilet before I had. Come on lets go back to the bar and drink some beers."
Sitting down with a four–pint pitcher of beer between them Stella had overcome her bedazzlement, and now looked longingly at that gorgeous oriental face. Minka's challenge was now obvious. Stella could have her if she could hold herself longer than Minka could. Wow. This was amazing. Was this Chinese sexpot for real? She was certainly in for a challenge. "Bottoms up!" And Stella drained her pint glass, bringing it down hard in the table with a self–defined bang. Minka did the same, and they both sat back looking at each other with equal confidence.
They made small talk for what seemed ages. Stella glanced at her watch. A whole hour had gone by and they were well into their second pitcher. Now Stella was getting worried. The initial nagging pressure inside her bladder was becoming a shout, yet Minka was still chatting away happily, apparently without any concerns at all. Stella was beginning to wonder what that little peepee dance display was all about earlier? Minka was certainly showing no more signs of discomfort. She had been leading Stella on, and Stella had fallen for it.
"Anyway, there was Sophie," continued Minka as she chatted about some of her previous challenges. "Soppy Sophie. Sopping wet Sophie. We had only been sitting drinking for an hour and all the time she was wriggling like she was plugged into something. Well, all of a sudden she sort of gave a gasp, like this," Minka demonstrated. "Then she stopped wriggling and like froze on the spot. Just sat there on the chair perfectly still. There was like a splattering, rushing, waterfall sound. Everyone looked around to see poor Sophie sat on a soaking wet chair with a big yellow lake around it," reminisced Minka. "So she couldn't be my girlfriend, poor soppy soaking wet Sophie," continued Minka. "Oh how are you doing there, you are very quiet?"
"Fine," lied Stella.
"Then there was Lucy– Leaky Lucy. She looked a bit like you. I fancied her rotten too. I wanted to... Oh you'll find out later if you make it. Anyway, back to Leaky Lucy. She did quite well. Lasted nearly two hours after I had found her hopping about in a queue for the ladies. We went dancing and everything, maybe that helped. She lasted so long that when she went it was like a dam bursting. The poor thing was wearing jeans as well. They were completely soaked from her fanny down to the ocean around her feet. All her friends were watching too. The poor thing just went beetroot red and rushed out of the club. Never saw her again, poor thing."
So quickly they had got through yet another jug, and the pint glasses and the jug now sat empty on the table. "Your turn at the bar my love," instructed Minka. "Another jug of lager. My girlfriends would never bring back anything else." Stella was glad to get out of her chair. She was so desperate now that it was difficult not to wriggle or rock or show any other signs of desperation. She was determined not to give Minka the satisfaction of seeing her plight. On the way back with another full jug she glanced through the crowd and was dismayed to see that there was now a long line for the ladies'. How much worse could it get?
"There they go," observed Minka, "all those bursting fannies." Stella looked back to see two queues of agitated girls– one line for the ladies' and one line for the gents' as well. "They still have a gents' toilet here!" commented Minka. "Its funny later. Some girls get so desperate, or so drunk, or both that they give up waiting for a cubical and try to use the urinals. The place gets into a right mess!" Minka laughed. Stella was wondering why there was a gents' toilet at all in a girls–only venue.
"Oh this place used to be mixed, gay and lesbian," Minka answered. "Trouble was that the place was just too good. It soon got such a reputation as the hottest place to go in Manchester on a Saturday night that straight couples were coming in. Oh it was a laugh, the management first tried to put a stop to that by making you snog at the door. If you didn't kiss someone of the same sex you were not getting in. Oh, it was hilarious! I stood outside and watched once. There were like groups of straight lads on a night out were getting to the door only to find that the rules had changed. Those that really still wanted to get in, well you could see them grimace as they kissed each other." Minka laughed. "Then they made it women–only and changed the name to Lemonade."
"Why Lemonade?" asked Stella innocently. "I don't see many people sipping soft drinks."
"Oh," laughed Minka. "You are from London so you probably don't know, but up this way lemon is another word for lesbian." Stella smiled at the term, and then bit her lip as another stab of pain pulsed through her bladder.
Fortunately Minka didn't seem to have noticed. She had turned her attention to the girls on the raised area near their table, and how much could be seen up their skirts.
"See that girl in the pink dress?" Asked Minka, referring to a pretty blonde. "Look how she's swaying and pressing her legs together, but she just can't tear herself away from her girlfriend. Oh, watching her is driving me crazy. She'll be off in a minute, or she'll do it right there where she's standing. Wouldn't that be something," enthused Minka, glancing back at Stella. "I'll bet she doesn't know how long the queue for the toilets has gotten," added Minka with an evil glint in her eye. The blonde in the pink whispered some urgent words to her girlfriend, and hurried off to join the queue. Stella was so jealous of her. They drained the last of their jug of lager, and Stella looked hopefully at Minka.
"I think it's time for us to go now," said Minka. These were just the words that Stella was dying to hear. Finally they were going to the toilet. They both stood up. Stella grateful for the extra room that standing had given her bladder. She didn't think that she had ever been so full as now. She shifted her feet and bent her legs in agitation, hoping that Minka had not noticed the involuntary movement.
"To the dance floor then, I can see that you want to dance!" Stella could not believe what she was hearing.
Dancing did not help much. In the wisps of dry ice and the pounding of strobes and disco lights Stella's predicament was getting increasingly obvious. Minka was having a great time. She pulled herself close to Stella, pulling on her sleeve and balancing up on tiptoes to whisper, or rather to shout in Stella's ear. "Waterfalls," she shouted. "Just think of waterfalls– great rushing rivers. Waves, lapping against the seashore gradually making the hot dry sand wetter and wetter as the tide comes in. No one can stop the tide. Stella, no one." Then Minka got in even closer, running her hands down Stella's thighs and across her bottom. Stella was wearing a long red dress– the sort with a row of buttons up the front. Minka started to pick at the buttons, first one, then two. Another, then Minka was able to slide her hand inside Stella's dress as they danced and she felt the bare flesh of Stella's inner thighs and the hot crotch of her panties.
Stella was not going to let her get away with this. She had her hand up Minka's dress in an instant. Feeling the tight buttocks Stella quickly moved her hand between Minka's legs and started slow, sensuous massage of her pubic region. Minka did the same. It was agony. With every stroke of Minka's fingers Stella just wanted to give up and give in to the throbbing in her bladder. Bravely she held on and dug even further into Minka's fanny through the warm thin material of her panties. Minka had a finger in now, pushing the elastic back and probing at the inner vulva. Oh... she had the G–spot.
Stella felt herself leak a few drops. Minka stopped her probing for a moment as the wetness ran down her finger. "Are your dam walls weakening Stella? You know you can't hold it." Tears of desperation were running down Stella's cheeks, glistening in the strobe lights. Minka pushed her back against a pillar in the middle of the crowded dance floor. The finger probed higher. Stella gasped. Gritted her teeth. Her bladder pulsed. Pulsed harder as a shock wave ran through it. More pee spurted out. "You are wetting your panties," whispered Minka. "The crotch of your panties is all wet. It's soaked now; I can feel it. Let it all go, you know you want to. You know you have to." Stella gave a whimper. She wasn't dancing any more. Just stood with her legs tightly crossed and with Minka holding her tightly. Minka forced her head down and her tongue into Stella's mouth. A passionate kiss, and while tongues were engaged in their own little game Minka managed to get another finger deep inside Stella. A quick slap on the bottom gave Stella a startled surprise. Then Minka broke off the kiss and looked directly into Stella's wet sparkling eyes. "I can feel it raining," was all she said, clearly and simply. Then she gave Stella's G–spot a quick tweak and pulled her fingers out to rest on the outside of Stella's now more than moist panties. It was too much. The rain did pour. A sudden lightening deluge that burst fourth through Stella's knickers and hissed down the inside of Stella's thighs. Minka looked down. The front of Stella's dress was darkening with pee and an ocean of urine was spreading out from around Stella's feet. Several other dancers stopped and looked to see a distraught, but very attractive brunette having a massive toilet accident in the middle of the dance floor.
It took what seemed an eternity before Stella was completely empty. A curious, gaggling crowd had started to surround them. Minka quickly grabbed Stella's hand and led her off the dance floor, away from the gawping eyes and giggling, chattering tongues.
"I have a room booked for tonight," Minka told the girl at the check in desk of the hotel next door. The girl looked curiously at Stella's flushed red cheeks and the glistening wet streak down the front of Stella's dress.
"My girlfriend has wet herself," explained Minka, which only served to heighten Stella's embarrassment. "But I decided that I liked her anyway."
"That's OK miss, all our beds have plastic sheets."
Minka took the key and led a sopping wet Stella up the stairs.
Now safe and alone with Minka, Stella lay still fully clothed on her back on the bed. Her fanny was pulsing again, but this time not with desperation, but with the sexual excitement at the thought of what she had just done. She could not believe how erotic she felt now that she had just completely pissed herself in public. Minka was climbing on top of her now. Her skirt brushed Stella's face as Minka sunk her face into Stella's soaking wet crotch and inhaled deeply.
"Don't you need to go?" Asked Stella expectantly.
"I'm like a balloon about to burst," admitted Minka as she straddled Stella's face and flipped her skirt up. Stella had a full view of Minka's clean and dry snow–white panties.
"Do you like lemonade?" Asked Minka.
"Lemonade?"
"Yeah, lemonade." Then without waiting to explain, Minka gave a short quiet sigh. Stella watched as the crotch of Minka's panties started to darken with a glistening wetness. Instinctively she opened her mouth to receive the first drops of Minka's golden lemonade.
Aaron