Car Selling Emergency
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I had to sell my old car, a nice little Renault, cause I wanted to buy a new one. So I took some photos and wrote something nice about it and put it on a internet site to sell it.

There was not much response because there was a project from the government to stimulate the market for new cars so I was glad at the day a men called me at work in the early afternoon and told me that he would probably buy it if it was as good as I wrote. The problem was that he wanted to meet me as soon as possible and I had to work at least three more hours a look at my desk told me and I had to drive home nearly one hour.

I described him the problem and he suggested we make another meeting point than my home not to waste to much time for him to drive. He asked if I knew the big furniture store in a suburb of the city and asked if their car park was a possible meeting point. I agreed in the hope to sell the car and tried to work as fast as possible.

Two hours later I found out that I wasn't able to do all the work I should have done and tried to sort the urgent jobs out to do them quickly and than leave the office.

In spite this I was running late. I had to drive through a car wash to, because the car was OK but a shining car would have been sold better I thought.

So I drove to the suburbs always looking for a gas station with car wash and also becoming necessary, a toilet. I hadn't use the toilet since before lunchtime and had drunk a lot of coffee during the afternoon in the hope that this would fasten my work.

Near to the furniture store I saw a gas station with car wash and parked right in front of the car wash plant. I had to go inside the station to buy the washing and ask for the toilet keys. I glimpsed at my watch and saw that I was really running late and decided to wash the car first, then search the car park of the furniture store and if there was any time left I would use the toilet before the appointment. I got a chip to wash my car and drove it into the drive through washing. It took only five minutes to get the car washed and so I had good chances to reach the meeting point early enough to use the toilet which became more urgent while I watched my car under the splashing water.

Maybe the guy would be a bit late too.

I drove to the car park and at the entrance there was a man standing and I was sure he was the possible buyer. When he saw me he gave me some signals and so I was sure I had been right and also sure I wouldn't have any chance to go to the toilet the next twenty minutes. The thinking of toilets become now a steady part of my thoughts.

We greeted each other and he walked round the car to look if it was like I said to him before. He acted like he was an expert to cars and talked the whole time. I was standing beside the car discretely tapping from foot to foot to keep the growing urge to pee low. After a while he begged me to open the hood so that he could look at the engine.

I stepped to the door opened it and had to bend down to press the hand gear. Bending down had bad effects on my bladder and I had problems to get down as far so I squatted down not without succumbing to the temptation to rest on my heel.

This felt good and waited a few seconds until I got up again. Now standing become uncomfortable. Squatting down had brought my trousers out of place and so I had to fumble around my waistband to pull it up like it was before. But still I was uncomfortable. The man closed the hood and asked me if he would be allowed to drive a short distance. I agreed and sat on the passenger seat.

He started the engine and started to drive. Standing was bad but sitting was torture. The waistband of my trousers was so tight that it cut into my bladder area with force. I had to squirm around to find a better position.

After maybe ten minutes I knew that this wasn't going on any more and I had to ask him to stop somewhere.

But then he said that this was enough and he would turn at the next possibility and so I tried to hang on. I found myself squirming more and more and my bladder was throbbing now. I had to open my waistband if I don't want to become hurt. And so I discretely opened the waistband and felt great relief. But within one or two minutes my bladder filled out the additional space and the zipper was really strained. I put one hand into my pocket to press a bit between my legs. I had to pee really bad.

We came back to the car park and he stopped the car. Then he started talking about the price. I couldn't concentrate anymore, now sure that I simply couldn't hold it any longer and interrupted him to tell him that I had to use a toilet first.

Of course I couldn't let him at the car with the car keys and so I begged him to wait until I would be back. He accepted and got out. I also opened the door and even this little movement caused pain. I stood up and tried to straighten up. I had to press a hand between my legs as I straightened up but quickly put it away then he came round the car to hand me the keys. Every second passing seemed to be an eternity. I took the keys and I could see that his eyes had found my open waistband. He looked at me and I told him that it is really an emergency and than tried to close the button. I couldn't walk with open jeans over the car park and so I tried hard but it wasn't possible. My bladder didn't give way and if I pressed harder I would have lost it, so I walked like this pulling down my skirt to cover it.

I walked maybe 50 meters until I had to stop again. For the people passing by I acted like I searched my car not to drew attention on me. But I had to put both hands into my pockets to keep control.

I felt I wouldn't make it to the entrance. Every step jolts my bladder and with every punch I felt my muscles relay a bit. I got panic that suddenly my muscles would give way an I would pee my pants. I had to put my hands out of the pockets to fit the jeans again, because walking pulled it down a bit. So I pulled it up with strength to get additional pressure between my legs. Now the people passing by would certainly notice that I was nearly peeing my pants.

I pressed a hand between my legs and walked away a bit more and as I felt a little spurt escape I squatted between two parked cars pulled down my pants and started to pee.

Other people pass by and saw me but I couldn't do anything else.

After a few seconds I was able to stop peeing, pulled on my jeans again and walked inside the store, went into the bathroom and emptied my bladder completely.

Then I walked back to my car. Luckily I had been able to walk this far, so that he wouldn't have seen that I didn't reach the store. After that we made a price, signed a contract and he drove me with now his car to a railway station. Luckily the train had toilets because I had to pee again as we reached the station.

