Desperate At Work
	(26-30 year old member)
Posted by mizzyjulie on January 1st, 2010 at 1:32AM

So its been a very loooong time since I posted anything. Not that I didn’t want to it was just I never seemed to have the time. But the slow days at work are starting again so I thought I’d occupy myself with some holding fun during the day and let all of you know about it. I had my last pee at 7:30am (its now 10:42am) and only had a cup of coffee all morning. It was only a 10 oz cup. I don’t feel any need to pee at all, well maybe a lil twinge but I’m obviously a lil dehydrated. I’ve filled up my first .75 bottle of water and I’ve started drinking.Oh and my goal is to not pee till until I get home tonight, prob wont make it, wont it be fun if I wet myself in traffic later hehe….god I’m all tingly just thinking about it. (ok I’m waaaaay too horny today lol) I’m also going to drink .75L every hour, seems like a good clip.

FYI- its now 11am and I’m about half done with my water don’t feel anything, well maybe a lil twinge of my bladder filling but its prob just in my head.

11:47am, done with the first .75L and just had a 10oz hot coco since I needed to warm up. Definitely feeling my bladder fill now. About a 3 on the desperation scale. I could pee, but don’t really need to. Going to do some shopping now during my break. My main problem atm is that I’m insanely horny. I’ve been so busy lately its been over a week since I had sex or even *********** and suddenly I’m on fire, which is just making this all the more fun ;)

12:30pm- back from my shopping trip and wow did my bladder fill up fast. I’m about a 6 on the desperation scale, I’m hoping all these constant waves of urgency will abate now that I’m sitting. The belt I have on is just hitting in exactly the wrong spot. Right on the top of my bladder pushing it down….making it feel fuller and heaver than it really is (only been sitting for 5 mins and already I feel much better, only a 5 now). As I was near the end of my shopping I had to fight two very strong urges. The first caught me by surprise and I almost let a spurt come out. I got kinda pissed cause I knew if I had an accident then it was just because I was being lazy. So I clenched shut and redoubled my holding efforts.

The second urge came when I was in the drink isle (no shock lol) trying to find the vitamin water I wanted and will later pee in to measure my hold. It took for FREAKIN ever to fin the one I wanted. And the warm pulsing against my urethra became so intense that I had to bend my knees and cross my legs right there, god I suck at hiding my desperation. Finally I found the one I was looking for and quickly walked out of the isle, immediately feeling foolish for letting my mind play tricks on me, I can hold lots more than I am now. I was really enjoying this, a bit too much actually. While getting cereal in the next isle over I felt the dampness of my panties, I hadn’t leaked, I was (am) just soooo horny from all this naughtiness that I couldn’t help it, nor could I help sneaking a quick tweak of my nipple just to torment myself even more **** I WANT TO ****….lol sorry.

12:45- just finished the second water bottle. For those keeping score that’s 2.08L since 7:30am, though it was all drank si didn’t start drinking till 9am. So back to the supermarket. The lines were ridicules. There was only one cash register open for the “non-express” lines and I was stuck in it. The first 2mins I was waiting went by easy. But by the time they got to my items I was ever so slightly shifting my weight from foot to foot, bending one knee…slightly crossing my thighs, giving an extra press when I thought no one was looking. . When they finally got all done and I paid I gave a weak “thanks” of the cashier and briskly walked to my car, keeping my legs clenched most of the way.

All I could think on the way back to work is I should pull off the road and *** real quick, but I didn’t have the time L. Getting back I realized I was walking almost cross legged, my feet pointing inwards. I was so sure I’d have to pee in a few mins. But I told myself NO ur a big girl and can control urself. This made me think of my friend Katrina. She’s wicked good at holding, and soo much better than I am at concealing it. Wish I could be chatting with her now. ((funny to see how my grammar goes out the window as I gotta pee worse lol)

1pm- Urge is getting much worse again, mostly I think cause I cant fidgit or anything, but I am clenching ym thighs constantly….and even rubbing myself under the desk when no one is watching. Thank god I wore a skirt with a high thigh slit today. Though I do have it hiked up quite a bit to give me easy access :P and **** amd I wet lol In case ur wondering I’m in my office atm, there are no walls butt the desks obscure me from the chest down. There are 3 others here but their none the wiser hehe. Hmmm wonder if I could ***….nope I’m way too loud for that.

1:30- 7 non the desperation scale. It's better when I keep pinching my **** between my lips….but that’s becoming its own problem. Almost done with my .5L vitamin water i’m going to hold it as long as possible but I got to teach a class from 2 to 3 and I cant pee in class so I think I’m going to go pee and measure now….sorry for not doing better. But I’ve drank 2.67L and I cant hold it all L brb and let u know how much I held.

1:45- just a quick update before I head off to class. I didnt pee!! (sorry) I thought that its been a while since I pushed myself so I’m probably just being over dramatic and probably aren’t holding much at all, its just bad in my head. As soon as I stood the painful warm pressure on my urethra went away. Replaced with a heavy dull ache in my bladder, just a delicious feeling. Like my bladder was an over full balloon, stretching to its breaking point, but totally clamped off from leaking. It literally felt like a lead weight was in my bladder, the bulging was apparent as soon as I was standing, and it felt rock hard when I pressed on it. Ugh just a heavenly feeling. So I figured why loose it. Why not enjoy it and really push myself. Well off to class, wish me luck. I’ll be home after class is over so I’ll update this when I’m home after my long drive home, should be about 4ish and I’ll have drank some more if I’m thirsty.

4:15pm- whew well I’m home now and empty, sorry I just couldn’t hold it for the drive home. It was so bad during the class, it is an after school study hall/detention that I supervise now and then so it just consisted of me at the desk catching up on paperwork and once an a while telling someone to be quiet. Oh that’s right and trying not to show my increasing desperation :P I have to admit I almost pushed myself too far. But I’m actually so glad I decided to do this today, I because at detention no one can leave without an escort, and I usually cant leave at all. Well I could ask for a break if I really needed it, but that would mean I’d have to admit that I had to pee. And even after all these years that’s still really difficult for me to do. So for all intensive purposes I was locked in a room where I couldn’t show my desperation or leave to pee. Such a fun predicament J

To add to my frustration I also couldn’t keep pinching my **** like I was in my office. And I was dreading that hot throbbing I’d feel again when I was bursting to pee later.

The first 30mins were just wonderful. I was sitting there, legs tightly crossed sitting as still as I could, putting all the stress on my bladder to hold it in. I let my one hand caress it through my skirt, I could almost feel my pulse pounding through it, straining…begging me for relief. With detention half over I was a little disappointed that I wasn’t worse off.

Then one of the girls raised her hand and asked if she could go to the bathroom, a girl that had spend the last half hour talking to this pasty wanna be gangster boy non stop for the last half hour. No sooner could I even open my mouth to reply then he asaid he had to go too. Ok that’s when my bs meter went off scale. This is why were only supposed to let someone leave for the bathroom if its an emergency, cause otherwise they’d all spend the whole time wandering around to t the halls. Not like I actually care, hell I’d do the same, but they pay me to enforce the rules so that’s what I do.

I asked them both to wait could wait the 30mins left, to which the girl said “please Miss S. I’ll be quick” (no they don’t call me miss S but I’m not going to post my last name, u understand. ) I told them both they’d have to wait till the moi could get another teacher to come down to watch the detention while we were going. Yea I had to escort them both to the bathroom. So I called down to have someone come up and watch the class. And during all this my bladder started to really ache., straining once again against the belt that was so cruelly crushing on it. The pulsing had started too on my poor tired urethra. I wonder if she hadn’t mentioned having to pee if I would have felt this sudden urge. 

“oh dam” I suddenly thought. With the boy going too I couldn’t actually go in to used the bathroom like I suddenly wanted to. I’d have to stand out side the mens and womens room and wait for the both of them. My heart quickened in a mini panic, could I adequately control myself when I heard those toilets flush, or even. Its not like I thought I’d wet myself but there was the issue of not looking desperate in the hallway. I hoped I’d be lucky and there wouldn’t be anyone in the hall.

As the minuets ticked by the girl became more and more impatient, asking me twice more in. I guess she actually did have to go. The guy on the other hand was just faking it, taunting the girl for having to pee and imitating her gestures. What an ***, of course none of this helped matters for me. Wishing I hadn’t had the coffee before the class started, I was constantly squeezing my thighs together, shifting in my chair whenever no one was looking. . I forced myself to breathe deeply and evenly. Sometimes I can work myself into a frenzy when the urge hits, which is fun actually for me, but again not in front of students. For a moment I remembered the last time I was really desperate in school. Many years back, I posted the story here, go look….now read it…go I’ll wait…. :P lol

Back? Ok good :P When the other teacher arrived to arrived to relieve me (no pun intended) I was frantic, but using every ounce of strength I had not to squirm while I talked to him. I told the the boy and girl to go to the bathroom. For a moment I thought of letting the other teacher take them, as I wasn’t sure I could hold it once I stood. But a quick spasm and a tiny imperceptible leak that happened just as I was about to for the words to ask him stopped me in my tracks. I asked him to watch the class and that I’d take the two students to the bathroom.

Thankfully the other students were watching the spectacle the girl was making doubled over hobbling out the class, and the boy teasing her and trying to tickle her. I To the close observer I’m sure it was evident I was walking slightly bent, my hand digging clenched in a fist and my toes pointing inward as I walked…..my knees locked together. Thank god the bathrooms were only about 50ft from the class. Well I was almost thankful. As soon as the girl got to the door a string of “**** **** ****” came streaming from her mouth. I almost joined her profane tirade when I saw the “out of order” sign posted on the door.

The boy laughed and I glared, telling him he had 60 seconds. . I guess he knew I was pissed and not fooling around. He took the full 60 and then some, damn little ****. And I couldn’t prove it but I swear he left the faucet run extra long to torment her (and me if he knew the truth). The poor girl was hopping from oe foot to the other, bobbing up and down hands jammed between her legs. I told her not to jump, that it just makes it worse…trust me.

She looked up suddenly realizing that I was bursting too as I shifted from one foot to the other, if I had pants on I so quickly pressing my hand hard into my *****. Once the boy was out I realized neither of us would make it to the next bathroom at the other end of the school. Both of us (me forcing myself to walk quasi normal, the gorl in hobbling hands buried between her legs making the tiiest steps. She pleaded with me to let her pee in the boys room, but I told her no (with some sadistic satisfaction I must admit) that the rules were I had to escort them both. We had to walk the boy back to class before going back to pee.

Her eyes watered, on the verge of breaking down in tears by the time we got back to the class and started back. With the boy gone I felt more comfortable letting my desperation be known. I lead her by the shoulder, quickly leading her back to the bathroom. We went in, I locked the door behind us and she immediately went for the stalls. “I’m gonna peeee I cant hold it” she had started to cry and I swear I saw a dark patch appear just as she disappeared into the stall. I was in the same shape, already I had leaked two strong spurts into my already soaked panties (they were soaked for more than just pee). There was only one stall here and once I heard her gushing pee into the toilet I started to leak again. My only option was to use the urinals.

Fortunately they were the kind that extend to the floor, much easier to use when ur short….and don’t have a penis lol. Hands shaking I raised my skirt and dripped my panties to the floor at my ankles, peeing almost before I was bent over. The rush of relief and warm pressure was building to something else so I had to part my lips wide to stall the impending ******. That was the last thing I needed to do in front of my student. We were both peeing for ages though she finished before me. Not like she could match my capacity anyways. Normally this wouldn’t matter but I obviously didn’t want a student seeing me half naked peeing into a urinal.

So as soon as I heard her flush I cut off the flow, not an easy thing to do my any means. I dribbled just a little down my leg as I hurriedly yanked my panties back up and fixed my skirt. “It’s all yours” she said as she was washing her hands. And here was the ‘am I a total idiot’ moment. I should have said thanks and gone and emptied. But before I could think I blurted out “that’s ok I’m fine”.

Sometimes the truth pops out before I know it. Because while I still had to pee and there was still a burning pressure on my tormented urethra, I was much better than I was just a few minuets earlier. She looked at me strangely, deciding whether I was lying before about having to pee, or if I was a total camel, or maybe even thinking I had used the urinal. I became so flustered at my answer that I totally blanked on washing my hands too. So I had to sit the remaining 10mins in class with hands smelling like pee, not to mention panties soaked with it. All this fun led to a fun drive home, wondering what I did? Well if u were a trucker driving by me that night u got one hell of a show ;) as I only had one hand on the wheel lol. Hope u enjoyed, I’ll get to writing more soon.

Julie

