I have a friend, Jessica, who has quite a weak bladder and often cannot even wait 5 or 6 hours without a pee. My super pee marathon encouraged her to try a normal pee marathon and go 26.2 hours without a pee. I was out of town at the time, but Jessica recounted the entire experience for me:
Well I knew I usually had to pee worst in the morning, so I decided on a three–day weekend I would get up at 7:55 AM on Sunday and go for my morning pee. Using the assumption that I'd be done by 8, (with getting out of bed taking two or three minutes) I figured I'd go the day and be able to have my next morning pee at 10:12 AM the next day, exactly 26.2 hours later. I told my neighbor that I needed to wash some clothes and asked that she not use the bathroom from 10 to 10:30 AM that day. (Jessica shares her bathroom with her next–door neighbor.) She gladly agreed and remarked that she would be leaving around 9 that morning anyway to take care of some things.
Although I knew drinking very little would make the marathon easier, I decided to drink a somewhat normal amount that day, or else it would be cheating. I knew that people drank fairly normal amounts during a super marathon. I woke up at 8 Sunday and felt my usual strong morning need to pee. I went inside, pulled down my panties, and peed all I could.
Just two hours later I felt the urge to pee coming on again. I wondered if I'd be able to make it. I was able to put it out of my mind for a while, but after about 4 hours the pressure began to build. At around 1PM I thought about giving up, but decided against it. Even at that point, when it had only been 5 hours I couldn't remember the last time I had waited so long. The pressure continued building and at 4 in the afternoon I already felt like I was bursting.
At that point I decided to remove all my clothing so my tight clothes wouldn't put any extra pressure on my bladder.
I didn't know what the best thing to do after that was. I tried to mostly sit and lie down, rather than stand since when I stood up I could feel the weight of my pee on my bladder. At one point I was sitting with my legs crossed tightly watching T.V., and decided to get up to grab a snack. As soon as I stood up I felt a surge in my bladder and immediately fell back down into my seat and jammed my hand HARD in between my labia. I waited about 5 minutes and then managed to hobble over to the kitchen.
At 7 I was throbbing, but I knew I'd be half way there in 2 more hours. I figured the last bunch of hours would be easy since I'd be sleeping. I was lying in bed watching T.V., as there wasn't much else I could do in my condition. 10 o'clock rolled around and even lying down the pressure was almost unbearable. I felt pregnant with pee. Like it had consumed my body. I decided to try to go to sleep at that point and knew I'd be able to relieve myself in the morning.
Falling asleep wasn't easy. I lay there with one hand jammed in my crotch, trying not to think about the situation. I couldn't get my mind off my dire need. I just lay there suffering. Ever once in a while, I got a sudden surge into my bladder and I jammed my hand in harder. I clenched all my muscles possible to try to hold back my pee. I must have fallen asleep eventually because the next time I looked at the clock it was 4 AM.
I got a sudden surge in my bladder and jammed my hand in hard. It was no use though. The pressure was too strong. I had to pee RIGHT AWAY!! I couldn't bear to wait another minute, let alone 6 more hours! Keep in mind that I still had no clothes on (fortunately since I didn't know if I'd be able to get them off without peeing all over myself). I hobbled desperately over to the bathroom with my hand jammed in between my pussy lips and bent over in half. I was so desperate and so excited to be able to finally relieve myself. I twisted the knob and the door was locked. "Shit!" I screamed. I pounded on the door with my left hand, keeping my right hand jammed in my crotch. "Open up! It's an emergency!!! I need to peeee nowww!!" I screamed. I waited...
It must have been only 10 or 15 seconds, but it felt like an eternity. I just couldn't hold it back any longer. Pee started shooting out of my desperate pee hole. My hand being there sent pee shooting in all directions. Just then the door opened and there I was, completely naked, with pee shooting out in all directions. A really hot young guy was standing at the door and some of my pee was even getting on him. He stood there just staring at me while I peed for about 90 seconds. There was pee all over– on me, on him, the floor, the walls, the rug, all over. He looked at me somewhat in disgust and said, "I'm sorry, I opened it as soon as I could."
The guy was a friend of my roommate's and I always avoided him from that time on.
By: Sard