Stories: I’m Lost
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

“Where am I?” Josie mumbled to herself as she had to stop on the motorway hard shoulder yet again to look at the road atlas. She had started early in the journey from London to Cambridge to visit her best friend Meg, but turned at the wrong exit, and tried to get back onto her original route. She even tried to call Meg on her mobile phone, but couldn’t get a signal. She had to do a detour, delaying her for half an hour before finally getting back on the right way to Cambridge.

Suddenly, Josie’s car began to stall, so she looked at the oil levels.

“Oh, damn!” she slammed her hands on the steering wheel and realised that she was running out of fuel, so she had to pull onto the hard shoulder. She got out of the car and started walking to find an emergency phone. It took her twenty minutes to find one, only to see that it was out of order. She then had to walk  at least another mile to one which was actually working. After she made her call, she started to walk back to her car. She then felt a sharp pain in her bladder…. she felt the need to go to the bathroom, but decided to hold it until she got her car picked up.

While waiting back at the car, Josie was beginning to get impatient…. the rescue truck hadn’t arrived as yet, and she had been desperate to wee for a while, fidgeting with her legs tightly crossed in the front seat. she then turned on the car stereo to occupy herself, but became too distracted by the feel of her swollen bladder, aching for relief. There she was, stuck on the hard shoulder of the motorway, lost, and needing to wee badly. Her fidgeting got even worse by now, and she tried calling Meg on her mobile again…. still no signal!

“Oh, what the hell…!” she thought, as she opened her legs and relaxed her bladder muscles, letting her urine gush through her trousers. She breathed heavily and closed her eyes in relief…. only to hear a knock on her car door.

“Hello, madam, we’ve come to pick up your car,” said the car rescue man.

“Oh-oh, sorry,” shrieked a surprised Josie. She tried to stem the wee flow, but couldn’t. “Could you hold on for a moment, I’ve got to do something?”

She waited for her bladder to empty and then waited several moments before getting out of the car. she felt her trousers were heavy with soaked urine. The man then sniffed the air.

“Emmmm… what’s that smell?” he asked.

“Don’t know,” Josie replied, hoping that he doesn’t look down to her wet trousers. She felt so embarrassed now, but what would happen when she finally get to Meg’s house?

