Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental & Deliberate Wetting.
Ann and Linda sat in Linda's room. They were talking about the week before when they had helped a girl overcome the taboo of peeing herself when she had to go so bad she was in extreme agony. They were also talking about the mother peeing herself to show the girl it was all right to pee herself. When they were all pissed the mother allowed the girl to pee herself when she wanted if it was possible to do it undetected and said she would be doing it as well. "We need to find a way to make our mothers pee themselves with us. Perhaps they will like it too and allow us to do it when we want to so we don't have to hide our wet clothes!" The wet clothes had really become a problem. It had been almost impossible to hide the wet pants from the mall experience for Linda, she had hidden her pants, and then when her mother was out she washed them manually and when they had dried she had put them in the wash. Her mother came to her after and wanted to know why she had waited so long putting her pants in the wash and she shouldn't make a mess out of her room. She hadn't dared to wet again until half an hour ago. Ann and Linda were both wearing skirts and when Linda told Ann she had to go to the toilet Ann had convinced her to go in her panties like she did all day while wearing a skirt. Linda had enjoyed it so much and had told Ann about her difficulties. Ann just hid her clothes until it was her day to do the washing and then she was safe.
Suddenly, they both knew the answer. Their town organised a festival week each year. One of the highlights of the festival was a trail walk in a part of nature normally closed for visitors (it was private property) that took place each evening. They always took the long trails with their moms, which meant that for five evenings in a row they would walk there for two and a half to three hours depending on which route it was. Usually half way there would be a rest at a sport complex at the border of this terrain. And though there were still refreshments to be sold there, the girls knew the sanitary complex was being altered and therefore closed during the festival. Both their mothers always went to the toilet there and they were always anxious to get there so it seemed the perfect opportunity.
Each year the girls signed them up and picked out what clothes to wear, they liked to go in matching outfits so it was clear that they belonged together. The girls agreed it had to be clothes that didn't show wetting but did facilitate an orgasm while peeing. Black tight jeans seemed the best option but Linda suddenly recalled the leggings. "We should try them out and see if they work better than the jeans! If so we have to buy them leggings too!" Ann easily agreed that they needed to test wet them, looking forward to the experience, and they decided to wear the leggings the next day when they were going to visit Linda's neighbours on the invite of the woman they met in the mall the day before.
The next day they put on their leggings and Ann had to fight the urge to pee them at once. However she had promised Linda they would do it together so they could see if it was noticeable. Linda was waiting for Ann at the door and they both knew their bladders were full and they wanted to release them as soon as possible. When Ann wanted to go into Linda's house, the door of the neighbour opened and the girl from the mall left with her father. The mother waved them goodbye and invited Linda and Ann in at the same time. They figured the pee fun would have to wait and went into the other house.
When the woman closed the door behind them she sighed, "I thought they would never leave. I have to go so bad! Lets go into the garden so I can go." The girls realised they could wet now and quickly followed the woman to the garden. As soon as the woman left the house the girls heard hissing and the jeans of the woman turned dark as she peed herself full force, coming at least three times. While she did that she turned to Ann. "I..... yes yes YES YES!!........ haven't introduced myself to you yet... Oh it feels so goo–ood...... yes yes YES YES!!!...................... I am Baily. And I think you like to... to.......... co.... come...... come......... pee....... peeeeing....... your.......... PANTS.......... TOOOOOOOO!" 
She came so hard the last time she wasn't able to stand steadily and if Linda wouldn't have held her she would have collapsed in her own puddle. Baily composed herself quickly and motioned them to the sitting corner of the garden. She sat down in one of the chairs and asked them to sit down. Ann told her she would when she finished the pee she was going to do now. Linda and Baily looked at Ann's legs as she let her bladder go. Ann moaned, the tight leggings made it even better than jeans. She had three orgasms as well, but it was less conspicuous than Baily. While the urine pouring down her legs was a dead give–away, the leggings that were already dark black and glistening didn't show the wetting going on at all. In fact, Linda and Baily didn't even see Ann pee until her leggings started to leak, well after her first orgasm. When she finished Linda started– and again, as soon as it poured down her legs it was obvious but until then and afterwards it was impossible to see it. Baily asked them where they bought the leggings; she was definitely going to add those to her wardrobe. That way she could just sit down on the toilet without bothering to take anything off.
Baily talked with Ann and Linda about wetting. It turned out Baily had always secretly enjoyed wetting and she thought that she was alone in this. She was so thrilled to find other women into this and hoped the girls would come over often so they could share the experience. 
For her it had started when she had gone out with a few friends. They were too drunk to get into a cab so they had to walk home. They all needed to go to the toilet but forgot to go before they left and couldn't get back into the pub because it was past closing time. On the way back one of the girls went into an alley to pee, but was sent out by the neighborhood patrol and that kept on happening. Finally one of her other friends said she was going to pee her pants and she went ahead and did it immediately. The other girls then did it as well, and Baily had had an orgasm even in her drunken state.
A few days later she tried to talk about it with her friends but they all told her to shut up about it, they were ashamed they peed themselves and didn't want to talk about it anymore. Only one of her friends brought it up again later. They were at a concert together, enjoying themselves to the max when Baily had to pee. She told her friend, who told her to go ahead and wet herself like she had done already since she would miss the best part of the concert and never get back again. Besides, she had done so in the past so she should be able to do it again. Baily jumped at the opportunity and pissed her pants as well. Talking about it with Ann and Linda, she suddenly realised that her friend manoeuvred herself into situations where she had no alternative but to pee herself often, while encouraging her to do the same. "Perhaps even then, I wasn't alone, but I just didn't realise it. I think I should give her a ring and invite her over when my husband isn't at home. If she can come I'll invite you to come by as well. Wouldn't it be nice huh, another pee friend?" The girls agreed, and hoped even more that their own mothers would be into it.
By: JJ