Peeversity: Prologue
	The Beginning of The Epic Contest.
Author: DistilledTension

Sometimes you have to chase your dreams and make them happen! And I did just that, sitting in my lawyer's office with eight beautiful women sitting across from us in a semi-circle.

Through a six month campaign of hanging out at coffee shops, book stores, and libraries in Manhattan and Brooklyn I had struck up something like friendly relationships with the eight women, and my lawyer. They were all working towards their doctorates in various disciplines in the humanities, and I was going to award one of them 10 million dollars so that they wouldn't have to write a grant application for a very, very long time. Grant writing! The bane of academia! These are some seriously smart and hardworking women, so they were dubious, but 10 million is 10 million, and I'm handsome.

Also the stock market is amazing if you know what you're doing, like a lottery ticket that rewards the wealthy.

Anyway, here we are, myself, my lawyer Sumitra Charles, a beautiful 33 year old woman, and our eight academics:

Sandra Smith: An African Studies doctoral candidate, 25 years old, she was 5'5'' tall, black, had amazing double D's, wonderfully poofy hair that she wore in a pony tail, almond shaped eyes, and a pretty amazing curvy ass.

Elia Meyers: A Woman's Studies doctoral candidate, 27 years old, she was 5'8" tall, and from Montanna, so she had that big open sky look I've noticed in people from the north country. Clear blue eyes, rosy cheeks, and a strong narrow nose, along with light brown hair that spilled delicately down either side of her neck.

3. Cindy Shu: An Asian Studies doctoral candidate, 26 years old, she was Chinese- American, 5'7" tall with amazing shiny, lustrous hair that spilled over her shoulders, and clear skin that shone.

4. Rebecca Jones: A Native American and Indigenous People's doctoral candidate, 25 years old, she was the tallest in the group, white and coming in at 6'0" tall with long dark brown hair, deep, dark brown eyes, and an amazingly trim body and long legs.

5. Sarah Nevins: A Woman's Studies doctoral candidate, 28 years old, 5'5" tall, she was of Italian and Greek descent with dark eyes, and a toothy smile, striaght hair with blonde hi lights that was shoulder length. She was another tight body, but with curvy hips.

6. Maria Gonzalez: A Pan-American Studies doctoral candidate, 25 years old, Hispanic, 5'3'' tall, she had dark eyes, wavy dark brown hair, lovely brown skin and a cute nose that curved just a bit inward at the end. Like Sandra, she had a lovely chest. Oh, they all had lovely chests, honestly, but I digress.

7. Jennifer Saxon: A Latin American Studies doctoral candidate, 24 years old, she was white, 5'5'' tall, with dark, curly brown hair and a smile that lit up the room, slender with a tight body, but still had hips that she could swing when she walked.

8. Jess Peters: An African Studies doctoral candidate, 28 years old, and just ever so slightly shorter than Rebecca at 5'11'', she was black, slightly darker skinned than Sandra, tall, slender, with killer legs like Rebecca. Also notable were her amazing eyes and high cheekbones.

What they were wearing today isn't important, although what Sumitra was wearing is. She wore tight Gray Jeans with a slender black belt, and a blue button down shirt, the top two buttons undone. She had a thick head of black hair, deep, dark eyes and a a geometrically triangular nose that hooked slightly downward, very regal and aquiline.

I stood behind her large mahogany desk just to her left where she sat, looking a bit agitated, with the contract laid out in front of her. As of now, only the two of us knew what it said.

"Everyone's here" she said in a crisp voice, with only the slightest tremble (if you were expecting it, like I was). "Can we proceed?"

Nods all around, and I thanked everyone for being on time.

"Thank you, Arthur" Jennifer piped in, "this is really an amazing thing you're doing!"

"Although it being a contest is unorthodox," Maria stated.

"Well, that's me!" Unorthodox sometimes.

I noticed some of them had brought folders and had them on their laps, expecting to make a presentation, perhaps to impress me with their research.

"Let's let Sumitra read the terms of the contest, though." I said.

"Yessss...ok, we'll all sign the document, as well as nine NDAs after I've read it, at the request of Arthur." Sumitra added.

"To begin", and she began to read from the contract:

"All federal, state, and local laws shall apply to "The Hold-It Contest" (hereby referred to as "The Contest") The contest shall be open to all eight participants here today: Sandra Smith, Elia Meyers, Cindy Shu, Rebecca Jones, Sarah Nevins, Maria Gonzalez, Jennifer Saxon, and Jess Peters..."

(There was some murmuring and confusion, with Sarah muttering..."Hold it contest...?")

Sumitra stopped then for a second to adjust herself in her chair and cross her legs, unseen to the participants across the desk, but I noticed.

"Participation in the contest requires full and unconditional agreement to these official rules and requires a $5,000 deposit, already collected and placed in escrow. Winning the prize and return of the deposit is fully contingent upon being compliant with these official rules.

(A small price, the $5,000, relatively, that all the women assembled were willing to put up for a decade or more free of writing grants, but large enough to ensure full compliance to the end.)

The contest begins on January 25th and ends on February 6th, consisting of 6 rounds, each round consisting of two randomly selected participants to compete, with the loser being eliminated, and the winner proceeding, tournament style.

Each round of the contest shall consist of the aforementioned randomly selected participants arriving at Arthur Carson's apartment at 7 PM on the selected date of their participation.

Sumitra paused again briefly, squirmed in her chair for a bit, and took a deep breath, most likely because this is where things were going to get interesting. I got the feeling from reading the room that some of them were a bit skeptical about my apartment as well, but let's keep going!

Upon arrival, each participant will have the opportunity to use the bathroom to ensure an empty bladder and that the urge to urinate is non-existent....

"....What?!?," hissed Cindy, looking surprised, but Sumitra continued on. She wanted this over with for a few reasons.

"Hush Cindy," Jess, implored, "let's see where this is going...it's ten million dollars in grant money!"

"...At which point the contest shall begin with each contestant drinking a 10 ounce glass of water. Another 10 ounce glass of water shall be consumed by each participant every 15 minutes. Each participant must remain fully clothed until each round is complete in items of clothing to be specified in the next section. The contest shall continue," Sumitra was solidly looking down at the paper now, avoiding the curious and surprised eyes on her. I on the other hand was drinking in the shock and confusion, "until one participant can no longer resist the urge to urinate and proceeds to urinate in her pants..."

The room erupted now. Elia leaped up, "Arthur! No, what the fuck?"

"A joke, this has to be some sort of joke," Rebecca exclaimed.

"Everyone calm down!" I yelled, "let Sumitra finish, the money is real, the contest is real, and any news or rumors of its occurrence will not leave this room. If one of you leaves, the whole thing is off and no one gets the money."

"This is weird, real weird, Arthur...we talked! I didn't know you were so freaky...but, fuccccckkkk, 10 million," Jess exhaled, sighed, "Ladies, I think...we need to do this. I'm in, are you all in?"

Jess was a natural leader. I think it was her stature, regal cheek bones, and strong voice; she silenced the room better than I did, and everyone calmed down to uneasy assent. Sumitra meanwhile was sitting in her chair shaking her legs trying to remain some composure.

"Sumitra, continue, please."

"...Ok. Upon loss of bladder control, to receive their deposit back from escrow, the participant, who has now lost the contest, and will be eliminated, must fully empty their bladder of urine into their pants. The winner, the participant who did not lose bladder control, may then use the toilet in Arthur's bathroom. This ends a round of the contest, and the winners of the first four rounds shall continue on to face each other in two more rounds with the same rules mentioned prior. The winners of the semi final round shall face each other in one last round, wherein the winner shall receive a prize totaling ten million dollars to be placed in a trust only accessible for academic research."

"Furthermore, during each round, each participant agrees to submit to any number of erotic caresses from Arthur Carson, including but not limited to kissing, fondling of the breasts, buttocks, and genital area, and grinding...Arthur, really?"

"Go on, Sumitra."

"Of course," sighed Rebecca, "it always comes down to that. She crossed her arms in annoyance, but no one was leaving.

"How is that legal?" Jennifer demanded.

"With New York State's new sex work legislation that passed last week and was signed into law yesterday...it's legal." Sumitra responded warily.

"Crap." Jennifer sighed, "Ok."

Sumitra looked slightly frantic now, bouncing gently in her seat, "I'll finish...To conclude, the winner of the contest, to continue, must agree to allow, should Arthur Carson so desire, to watch them urinate into the toilet. Failure or refusal to do so shall result in elimination and loss of their deposit."

"Participants must also agree to wear the following outfits, please indicate by a yea or nay if you still have the following:"

"I liked how you guys looked in these whenever I'd run into you over the last month or so," I added,

Sumitra continued:

"Sandra Smith: Black Jeans, Black V Neck Sweater, and peach colored heels."

"Yeah, still have that. At least it's black jeans!" Sandra said.

"Elia Meyers: Medium Blue wash jeans, light blue chambray shirt, tucked in, no belt, sneakers."

"Yes, fuck, those are my favorite jeans, but yeah."

"Cindy Shu: Silky yellow top with a v-neck cut, medium blue wash jeans, and black flats."

"Yeahhhh...also some of my favorite jeans, but come on Elia, you might win or I might win!"

"Rebecca Jones," Sumitra continued, speaking quickly, like she had to be somewhere...which she did in a way," Black Jeans, Low cut floral top belly shirt, and white sneakers."

"Sweet! Black jeans for the win! Hide my shame...if I lose. Yea."

"Sarah Nevins: Black Jeans with a light Gray t shirt, tucked in, and sneakers."

"Yea...sigh, it really won't matter much how visible it is if I have to wet myself..." she said, almost to herself.

"Maria Gonzalzez: Blue Indigo wash jeans, with a striped sweater in "southwestern colors", tucked in, and black boots."

"Jesus, Arthur, you were staking out what we were wearing the whole time? Yea."

"Jennifer Saxon: Light Blue jeans with a 3/4 length scoop top black t shirt tucked in, black heels with the toes exposed."

"Oh come on! Light blue...no fair! Sarah, Rebecca, and Sandra get to wear black jeans? But you know what? I'm going to win this, so whatever, yea...No way I can let myself lose," she said to herself.

Jess Peters: "Medium Blue Jeans with a blouse tucked in with a kind of white circle on navy blue background, and black flats."

"Yea...my favorite outfit..."

Sumitra continued before Jess could say anything else, "well, that...was the contract. If you could all sign, I...have pressing business shortly. Sorry to move so quickly."

Sumitra stood up now, a bit stiffly, and laid out the contract on her desk with nine lines for signatures at the bottom for the eight doctoral candidates and myself as well as nine NDAs.

Presently each of them stepped forward to sign, however hesitantly. Rebecca sighed as she signed, "We're...almost all of us are going to wind up peeing ourselves...this is unbelievable. But maybe...I won't...I'll win"

"That's the spirit!" I said with vigor.

Jess, the last to sign, after Rebecca, finished her thought, "Ah, but this is an experience."

"Ten million," Sarah said. "I can do this."

I stepped around the table then to sign after Jess, and sign the NDA as well. "Well, seven of you will definitely be peeing yourselves, but one of you won't. And that's something. Won't it be nice to be the one who makes it through without drenching their pants?" and I looked over to Sumitra, who was leaning against the side of her desk, her legs crossed, and her arms crossed tightly across her chest, and winked.

Sumitra said breathlessly, hobbling a bit, "Yes, well I do really apologize for ushering everyone out, but I have important business."

"I've selected who'll be facing each other in the first four rounds, and you'll receive a text two days before your match. Please be prompt." I called after them as they left. Surprisingly quiet now, perhaps in shock at such an odd turn of events.

As the door to Sumitra's office closed, and we were alone, I turned to her, "Important business indeed."

Sumitra was still leaning against her desk, standing across from me, bouncing up and down, "Arthur...I need to pee...so...fucking...bad right now. You made me drink three iced teas then sit through that whole thing!"

I did. For the eight doctoral candidates weren't the only ones with something to gain from my wealth. I had also bought Sumitra this office space for her to get her fledgling legal practice off the ground, but the money came at a cost.

"I noticed." I said laughing, "I loved, loved, loved watching you bounce in your seat while this was going on."

"I...don't even know what to say to this...but this isn't like with them...no touching. You just said that I had to let you watch..."

I took a few steps towards her, looking her in her eyes which were tight with worry and stress.

"Watch what?" I asked innocently.

"You know what...me peeing my jeans."

"I do know, but I wanted to hear you say that. How bad do you have to go? Scale of one to ten? I assume not a ten if we'd call ten uncontrollably soaking yourself."

"It's a nine, Arthur...Can we do this in my bathroom? I...really don't want to get this all over my office floor."

"That's no problem. You look beautiful by the way, Sumitra. I mean that."

"Thanks...but we're done after this...you can go have fun with your grad students, I guess."

"Reasonable, let's go," I said, following her off to the side to her corporate wash room, a nice bathroom with blue marble floors a big sink and a towel rack.

Sumitra could barely walk for her desperation to pee, and I took great pleasure watching her tight round ass through her jeans as she wobbled into her bathroom, legs held closely together.

And then we were in her bathroom. "Please close the door," Sumitra asked. "I'm not expecting any clients, but I do not want anyone walking in on this, whatsoever."

I closed the door, and it was then that Sumitra noticed my erection pressing against my khakis and she looked away in disgust.

But I was all eyes for Sumitra. "Arthur...I really can't bend down. Could you please place that towel on the floor...is it ok if I do this standing over a towel?"

"Not a problem, Sumitra," I said, grabbing a dark blue towel from the rack, unfolding it, and laying it down on the floor.

"Oh jeez...how do I do this? What do you want me to do?"

"Well, I'm going to sit on the toilet here since you won't be needing that, ha. Please stand facing me...good, perfect. Legs slightly apart. Nice. And keep your arms at your side. Excellent. Ok...hold on for just a second longer..."

I took her in then. She was beautiful. I loved how perfect her thin body was, how her blouse was tight and sheer against her pert breasts, how it contoured over her flat belly and how perfectly her tight, gray jeans fit her. How professional, yet sexy she looked. I loved how the cut of the jeans tapered down to her ankles, bunching ever so slightly around the bottom, just covering her ankles and how she stood, so desperate in her heels.

I smiled, shaking a bit as my fantasy, the first of many over the next few weeks, was about to come true. "Ok, Sumitra. Let go."

Nothing happened for a second. She stood there, a look of concentration on her face, a little bit of a frown. "I'm trying...I swear I have never had to pee so badly in my life...but it's hard...it's weird."

"That's ok," I understand. "Try to relax. It must be so uncomfortable, honestly. It's nice to not have to pee," I said, teasing a bit.

"Not cool, Arthur...Oh!" Her mouth hung open, and her beautiful eyes went wide.

A lovely dark gray stain was forming on her crotch and starting to flow down her legs, to her knees, making a quiet sluicing sound as she stood there quietly, peeing herself. With dismay, as the pee continued down her legs turning half of her jeans a much darker gray, she said, "It's warm....oh this is gross. I'm sorry, this is terrible!"

But not for me, it wasn't. I had never been so turned on as I sat on the toilet watching Sumitra pee for a good thirty seconds, her jeans becoming soaked, trickles and streams of pee pouring from her jean leg and soaking the towel she stood on as well. As disgusted as she was, noticeable relief crossed her face as the pressure on her bladder was relieved. Finally she was done, her jeans soaked, and her discomfort replaced with embarrassment.

"Arthur...please leave now, ok? We're done here?" she said, upset.

"It must feel better though...right? You look amazing to me at least..."

"Please! I want to change and clean up...thank you for this office, but...please you have no idea how embarrassing this is. I just...just pissed myself as an adult, professional woman!"

"Ok...ok, I understand. We're square." I said, smiling to myself. I honestly was a little sad that Sumitra was so distressed by this, but she'd get over it, and well...she got an office, and I got a pretty good orgasm when I took two minutes to rub one out into some tissues I had grabbed from the bathroom and threw into her office trash can while she was cleaning up in the bathroom.
