Subject:  - a story

From: Joe (Forum User) 

OK, here's my effort. A little thing, but 'tis mine own.

Kelly

Kelly shut the door behind her and looked round her little home; one room with a tiny kitchenette and toilet, as cheap as they come, but she loved it and she was probably about to lose it. A bedsit all to herself was a luxury and luxuries were not possible any more because she had just lost her job. To her surprise she was not worried about herself as much as she was about young Bobby. She had not led him on, she told herself, but she knew the way she looked was provocation enough. He was a year younger than she, and a lot less experienced. What had happened had definitely been her fault, and it had been bad luck that old Jenkins had come back early from lunch and caught them. It did not help matters that she had been having it off with Jenkins on a regular basis; poor Bobby, caught red handed with the boss's crumpet! 

After letting the said boss know how he rated as employer and lover, she had collected her papers and back pay and stormed out. The evening paper, read carefully on the bus home, gave no promise of a suitable job. She had every reason to feel miserable on her own account and her concern for Bobby puzzled her. Tough little Kelly never got emotional, especially over men; independent Kelly had her needs seen to without forming relationships. Shaking her head, she decided not to worry about things she did not understand. A nice hot bath would make her feel better. 

Afterwards, sitting in front of a mirror brushing her tightly curled, woolly black hair, Kelly took stock. With hair like that she should have been dark skinned, but she was had a delicate, creamy complexion, and her nose was straight with no flare at the nostril. Her eyes were large and brown, with a slight oriental tilt, and her mouth generous. Kelly did not know who her mother was, and her mother had probably not known who her father was, but between them they had produced quite a mixture. There was no denying, however, that she was pretty. 

But not, she decided, pretty enough. She had a few minor beauty contest wins to her credit and had done a little modelling, mostly topless, but she knew she was unlikely to make a living from either. Professional, full time models and beauty queens were tall and slim hipped while she was average height and curvaceous. Pity. 

She dressed casually in jeans and top and decided she did not feel like eating or going out. Then the phone rang. 

`Hello.' 

`Hello, Kelly, Jim here. Listen, love, you'll be depressed after what happened today. How about me buying you a few drinks and trying to cheer you up?' Jim? She knew a few Jims but she did not recognise the voice. He knew about today though... Of course! 

`Jim Anderson?' 

`Yes. What do you say, Kelly? Not doing anything else, are you?' 

Jim Anderson was the buyer where she worked, or used to work. Attractive enough to look at, but with a dry, sarcastic sense of humour. He had made a few very witty remarks about the office bimbo in his time, and had everyone in stitches with them. The bimbo in question felt a hairwash and possibly even a headache coming on. Still, he could be very amusing... 

`Kelly, are you still there? Have you eaten, pet?' 

`I'm not in the mood for a dinner date, Jim.' 

`Nothing heavy, a quick pizza and then drinkies. Old Jim's a guaranteed cure for depression, you know. OK? Great! Pick you up in half an hour then? Give me your address. See you.' 

Kelly had never thought Jim Anderson liked her, in fact he had hardly spoken to her; fancied his chances, of course, now that old Jenkins was out of the picture. She did not change her clothes, but put on a little eyeshadow and lipstick, and a spot of perfume. 

Then she had a fun evening! Jim was polite and considerate at the pizza parlour, but after a glass or two of wine he started on everything and everyone. She could hardly breathe for laughing. Then on to the pub, a couple of gins, and he started on about Jenkins. Choking on her gin, Kelly got the hiccups. A long, open mouthed kiss was the cure for that, then old doctor Jim prescribed another kiss and some chest massage! 

`Hey,' she protested, `I don't let men do that in public!'

Jim Anderson grinned, and speculated about what his companion let men do in private. He had telephoned her on impulse, certain that a woman with Kelly's looks would be booked well in advance, and had been surprised when she had agreed to a date. There had been rumours about her availability, of course, but someone like Kelly would always attract that sort of rumour. Now there seemed every chance that she was as easy as they said. There had been another rumour that interested him a great deal, that she did something that really turned him on, something that he could persuade none of his casual lovers to do, and most especially not his wife! 

He fed her more gin, made her laugh, and kissed her again, then she unfastened two buttons on his shirt, slid in her hand and started to scratch his chest! His hands trembling, he placed his drink carefully on the table and responded to the obvious invitation, sliding his hand up the inside of her thigh, on to her crotch, up the front of her jeans, round to her bum, tracing the line of her tiny panties, and into her navel. She slipped her hand on to his lap and started to stroke him through his trousers. The table in front of them was hiding most of what they were up to, but they still had an interested audience. Kelly no longer seemed to care, but this was definitely as far as Jim went in public. Time to go elsewhere. 

`Your place's nearer,' he whispered. 

`Need t'go t'ladies,' she protested, her speech slurred. 

`No, let's get home fast.' 

Fortunately it was only a short drive. He stopped the car and kissed her again, his hand on her crotch. She nibbled his earlobe. 

`We're right under a streetlamp,' she said, pushing him away. `Let's get inside.' He did not need a second invitation.

Kelly opened the door and ran towards the toilet but Jim grabbed her wrist and swung her round, kissing her hungrily, fondling her breasts, pulling off her top, unfastening her bra. They fell on the bed and he loosened her jeans, but did not remove them, admiring her sexy, purple tanga panties for a moment, rubbing the satiny material between finger and thumb, before sliding his hand down to her vagina, hissing slightly through his teeth. Suddenly Kelly's brain cleared and she realised what he wanted; pushing him firmly away she sat up. 

`Jim, are you trying to make me wet myself?' 

`Pardon?' 

`You heard. Look, if it turns you on I'm perfectly willing to pee in my panties, but we'll do it downstairs in your car, not on my bed.' `I'd heard it's something you do.' He was annoyed. It was never the same when you had to ask a woman to do it. 

`Well it isn't! Now let me go, please, I'm going to the loo.' She did not make it. Sexual excitement and alcohol had reduced her self control to zero. She felt it coming as she rose and collapsed back on to the bed, writhing, pushing her hand between her legs, tying to stop, yet not wanting to, she felt the first spurt spread through her panties, warm and wet against her skin. She tightened her muscles, but now for the sensation of pleasure than to prevent the flow, then, when she could take no more, she let go, peeing blissfully into her knickers, enjoying the sensation, cupping her hand so the hot pee swirled round her clitoris before escaping in spurts on to the bed. It was something she did, but not usually on the first date with a man she did not particularly like. Still, if it turned him on, no point in not reaping the benefits. 

`I'm being a naughty girl, Jim,' she purred, fondling her nipples, letting the pee pour on to the sheets. He pulled off her jeans and ran his hands over her warm, wet panties, stroking her buttocks, feeling in at her crotch. She tensed her muscles and stopped the flow. 

He was almost incoherent with excitement. `Couldn't stop yourself, could you?' he gasped. You've soaked them right up to the elastic! How many pairs do you go through in a day? Do it whenever you get randy, don't you? No control at all!' `Quick,' she whispered, `put in the plug.' 

He tore off his clothes and leapt on top of her, no foreplay, screwing her frantically through the leg of her knickers. Pushing her hips against him she matched his rhythm, feeling herself climb to orgasm, screaming and digging her nails into his back. He roared in ecstasy as they came simultaneously, then they slowed and he withdrew gently. 

`That was different,' he gasped. 

`Oh, Jim darling,' she coaxed, `that was wonderful! Could you take my panties off for me, pet, they don't feel nice. Maybe run a bath for me an' put on some music. Don' like to do too much for myself afterwards, Jim, like to be looked after. Maybe we could do it again later...' 

But he was already in the bathroom. She could hear the water flowing as he cleaned himself with a face-towel, then he was scrabbling for his clothes, looking hangdog, embarrassed. She knew the signs. 

`Wife expecting you?' she asked gently. 

`And my family. You're everything they say you are, Kelly, and I mean that as a compliment, but we'd best not see each other again.' 

'Was only looking for a one night stand Jim. Goodbye. Pull the door closed on your way out, love.

She lay for a while, crying softly, then suddenly, she found she was not sad at all. Kelly was a happy, irrepressible type, and never moped for long. Remembering the expression on Jenkins' face when he found her in flagrante, the horrified look on Jim's when she asked him to stay, she began to giggle. Sexually aggressive, the male of the species, that is until it meets a female with an equal sex drive, then running scared. 

She doubled up with laughter, emptying her bladder joyously in the process. Nice. Hell, she was young, healthy, pretty, and a damn sight more intelligent than her bimbo image. She'd get a job, and a bit of modelling meanwhile would pay the bills. Kelly got out of bed and cleaned up the mess. The sheets were soaked, of course, but there was a cover on the mattress. Then she had another bath and rubbed baby oil into her skin. She'd feel fine in the morning.
