I've been into peeing since I was a teenager, and I did a lot of stuff in the privacy of my bedroom when I was in high school. I had a few close calls during junior high and high school, where I leaked a little into my panties, but nothing that anyone noticed. One of my most memorable experiences happened in college. I went to a small private school that was out in the middle of nowhere. During my junior year, I took summer classes so I could graduate one semester early. One Saturday in late July, one of the student groups organized a day trip to an amusement park that was about 150 miles away. They chartered a bus, and we left at 9:00 o'clock in the morning. The bus was very comfortable, with air conditioning and a bathroom, and the ride there was uneventful. We arrived at about 11:30, and we were told that the bus was going to pick us up at 5:00. The trip back to school was more interesting. I spent the day at the park with a good friend from my English class named Susie. It was a warm summer day. I was wearing cutoff jeans and a bikini top, and Susie wore khaki shorts and a tank top. The only mistake she made was wearing gym shoes and socks. We went on the water rides and got thoroughly soaked. Our clothes dried quickly in the heat, but Susie's shoes and socks were all squishy. I had worn my beach sandals, so I didn't have this problem. She couldn't stand it. She took her shoes and socks off, and went barefoot the rest of the afternoon. By four o'clock, we had been on almost every ride in the park. The temperature had risen to around eighty–five degrees Fahrenheit, and we were hot, sweaty, hungry and thirsty. We had spent much of the afternoon standing in long lines for the rides. Susie wanted to go on one of the water rides again, but when we got there, the line was ridiculous. The only thing we had had since breakfast was pretzels and popcorn, so we decided to look for someplace that had real food and beer.We found a pizza stand that served draft beer. We sat down to eat and relax. In the hot afternoon sun, the cold beer tasted great! I was finishing off my second Miller Lite, and Susie was on her third. Then we noticed the time. It was twenty to five. We had to be back at the parking lot at five, and we were way over on the other side. We hurried across the park, and Susie said she had to pee. I had to go, too, so we started looking for the bathrooms. We found them quickly, but when we got inside, there were three women waiting in line, and one had a small child with her. Shit, I said to myself. This is not good. But there were four stalls, and the line was moving fairly quickly. Susie was in front of me, and another person came in and stood behind me.Soon the only person left in front of us was the woman with the kid. Suddenly Susie looked down at the floor. "Oh my God," she said. "My shoes! I left my shoes at the pizza shop!" I looked down at Susie's dirty bare feet and laughed. The shoes she was referring to, which were still damp and had wet socks tucked inside them, were an expensive pair of Nikes. "I gotta go get 'em," she said. I told her to hurry, because I was afraid we were going to miss the bus. I agreed to wait for her right outside the bathroom.So I got to pee, and then I stood outside the bathrooms waiting for Susie to get her shoes. It took her forever. At ten minutes to five, she came running back, panting and sweating. She got back in line for the bathroom, but now there were four people ahead of her. I stood next to her waiting, and I looked at my watch. At 4:55, there were still two people in front of us. "We better go, Suze, we're gonna miss the bus," I told her. She looked at her watch. "Shit," she exclaimed. "I really gotta pee." "You'll have to use the bathroom on the bus," I told her. "Shit," she said again. "I hate those skanky toilets!" I didn't like them either, but the alternative at this point was not looking good. We sure didn't want to get stuck at the amusement park. As we ran toward the main gate, Susie told me that her shoes had been picked up a custodial guy, and that she had to go to a security office to pick them up. We got to the bus with just a minute to spare. The driver closed the door behind us, and I took a window seat about two thirds of the way back. Susie dumped her shoes on the floor. "Got a clothespin?" She asked me. I chuckled. "They should keep a gas mask on board the bus," I said. The bus began to move, and Susie headed to the bathroom. But about thirty seconds later, she was back at her seat. "Shit," she said as she sat down. "There's someone in there!" I giggled as Susie sat down, pushing her shoes under the seat in front of her. "This really sucks," Susie said. "I have to pee, like, soooooo bad. They better hurry up." Susie looked over her shoulder at the bathroom at the back end of the bus. "You don't need a clothespin," I told her. "It's guys who need a clothespin. You need a cork!" Susie started to laugh, but then! She crossed her legs. "SHUT UP!" she said, pretending to be angry. "Don't make me laugh right now!" I wondered if Susie had squirted into her pants. I stole a quick glance at her crotch, but everything looked okay there. I was getting a little wet myself––but not with pee–it was just thinking about the possibility that Susie might be leaking a little bit. I had never seen another girl have a real accident. Susie sat back in her seat with her right leg crossed over her left. The bus was on the interstate now. I looked out the window at the cornfields, and Susie looked at the bathroom door again. About ten minutes passed, and still there had been no movement or noise coming from the bathroom. Susie stood up and stared at the door. "They better get their ass out of there," she said, loud enough for people around us to hear. "What's wrong?" someone asked. "She's gotta pee and someone's in there," someone else said. At this point one of the guys who were sitting way in the back leaned over and banged on the bathroom door. "Dude! Hurry up! Girl's gotta go!" A few people laughed at this, but there was no answer from the bathroom. "I don't think anyone's in there," said one of the girls. "I didn't see anyone go in." Susie walked back to the bathroom and turned the knob. It didn't open. She rapped on the door loudly. "Hey! Who's in there?" she shouted. No answer. "Shit," she said loudly. She tried the door again, this time twisting the knob back and forth and rattling the door. Still the door did not yield, and still there was no response from inside. "There's nobody in there," said one of the guys. "It must be locked up. Maybe you need to get a key from the driver." "You gotta be kidding me," Susie said. She quickly walked up to the front of the bus and talked with the driver. She came back with a cold look on her face. "This is total bullshit," she said as she sat down. "She doesn't have a key. She said if it's locked and there's no one in there, then the lock must be broken." She tucked both of her legs under her, twisting her torso slightly. "Oh my God," I said, laughing loudly. "You better stop laughing," Susie said. "You're the one who got to pee before we got on this stupid bus!" By this time, the girls sitting across the aisle from us has figured out what was going on, and the two guys sitting in back of us were paying attention too. I could hear them talking quietly about the bathroom. My juices were flowing full force now! I mean, this was wild! We had almost two hours left on the bus before we got back to the college. I wondered if Susie could hold out that long, and whether the driver would stop for her. She hadn't made any stops on the way to the amusement park, and she hadn't made any announcements. I'm heterosexual, but somehow the thought of Susie wetting her pants sitting next to was really turning me on. I sneaked another downward glance at her crotch, but it was perfectly dry. I could feel a warm tingling in my pussy, and I started to wonder which one of us was actually going to be wetter by the end of the trip! Another fifteen minutes passed. Susie shifted in her seat again, tucking her left ankle under her right leg, and resting her hands in her lap. She began to look really worried. "This is so totally bogus," she said. "Are you gonna be okay?" I asked her. "I don't know," she said, staring at the floor. At this point a girl who was sitting near the front of the bus began walking back toward the bathroom. As she reached our seat, they guys behind us told her that the bathroom was locked with no one inside. The girl stopped and looked at them. "Are you guys kidding around?" she asked. No, said the girls next to us, it was true. "We have to go too," they said. "Ask the driver to make a stop."
No, I thought, please don't do that. I really wanted to see this happen. But the girl headed back to talk to the driver. A minute later, the girl looked back at us, shook her head no, and sat down. "What a bitch," said one of the girls next to us. Susie began to squirm in her seat, slowly but with increasing frequency. She sat cross–legged for a little while, and then tucked her left foot under her butt. I could see Erin, the girl directly across the aisle from us, watching Susie out of the corner of her eye. She whispered to the girl next to her, who I didn't know. She whispered back and glanced at Susie. I thought I heard the words "think," "go," and "pants," but I couldn't be sure. I wondered how desperate Erin and her friend were. Even I had to pee now, but not very badly. I knew I could wait until we got back. While Susie continued to squirm, I remembered that the girl up in front had to go, too. I began to think about making an excuse to go up front and talk to the driver, so I could look at her. Suddenly, Susie squeezed her legs together tightly and bent over. "Shit!" she said in a whisper. She sat back and looked down at her lap. I looked, too, and it was still dry. "This is bullshit," Susie said quietly, and before I could say anything, she got up and walked up toward the driver. Erin poked her head out to watch her go down the aisle. Then she turned to me, grinning wildly. "Is she wetting her pants?" she asked me. "I don't know," I said. I figured that Susie must have leaked a few drops into her panties, but it still wasn't showing. Erin turned back to her friend, and covered her mouth laughing. "She's gonna go in her pants before we get back," she said to her friend. "No she won't," her friend said. Erin returned from the driver walking very slowly. "That fucking bitch," she said between clenched teeth. She sat down and crossed her legs again. "She said that she couldn't make a stop because the trip is less than three hours." "How much longer do we have?" asked Erin. I looked at my watch. "Probably another hour, maybe an hour and fifteen minutes," I answered. "Omigod," said Susie. She clenched her legs together and bent over. This time she stayed bent for a bit longer. Erin and her friend were staring now. Slowly, she sat back, let out a deep breath, and stared down at her lap. It was there. A small wet spot about the size of a quarter had appeared near the bottom of her zipper. Susie put her hands in her lap, covering the spot, and closed her eyes. Erin giggled loudly. "Told you," she said to her friend. "No way," her friend said. "She did," Erin said to her. Erin looked right as Susie and asked her. "Did you just wet your pants?" Susie looked at her like she was from another planet. "No, I didn't, okay? So just shut up. It isn't funny anymore." Susie sat back and closed her eyes. Erin and her friend continued giggling and whispering, and Susie started squirming again. She turned on her left side so she was facing me, and her back was toward Erin. Her hands were still in her lap, but I could see part of the wet spot on her pants. Her face was red, and the look in her eyes was one of pure panic. "Are you all right, Susie?" I asked her gently. "No, I'm not," she whispered to me. "I can't hold it 'til we get back." "Yes you can," I said to her. As her friend, I had to give her some support here. "It's less than an hour now. Just think about something else." But I knew she probably wouldn't make it home. She had broken the seal. She started squirming again, this time drawing her knees up to her chin. Erin and her friend were looking at her again, and they started whispering. Susie lowered her feet to the floor, carefully placing her hands in her lap again. "You need to stop thinking about it," I told her. "That's making it worse." Susie twisted toward me again, turning her back on Erin. This time she didn't bother trying to cover the wet spot with her hands. Her eyes were moist, and it looked like she was going to cry. "I already peed in my pants a little," she whispered to me. "It's okay," I told her. "Just think about something else." But it was too late. Susie began to squirm in her seat again. "Oh my God," she gasped. She was sitting straight up now, with her left ankle tucked under her right knee. "Oh my God, I can't hold it anymore," Susie squealed, and she tried to squeeze her legs together as best she could with her left leg crossed under her right. Finally she got both feet on the floor, but the dam had broken. Susie lost all control, and her pee began to soak her khaki shorts. I looked at her crotch, and so did Erin. Erin's friend leaned over to see, her mouth hanging open and her eyes wide. Susie's left hand covered her mouth, and her right hand lay limp at her side. Erin giggled wildly. "Told you she was gonna wet her pants," Erin told her friend triumphantly. Susie stared at her lap, transfixed by what was happening to her. "Oh my God," Susie said under her breath again. The wet spot was growing slowly but steadily, spreading slightly upward toward her waistband, and then down the legs of her shorts towards her knees. From my own experiences I knew it was also pooling under her, and I knew what it felt like. Susie raised one leg up slightly, as if she was trying to stop the flow, but then lowered it, apparently realizing that she had indeed lost the battle. "What in the world are you guys laughing about?" asked one of the guys behind us. He was talking to Erin, of course. Erin looked at him and giggled some more. "She wet her pants," she told him. "Holy shit," he said. "For real?" He peered over the top of our seats. "Holy shit," he said again. "She sure did." Susie looked at me, and there were tears in her eyes. "I couldn't hold it," she said, her voice cracking. "I couldn't hold it anymore." "I know," I said gently. I held her hand. "It's okay, Susie. Don't worry about it." Tears were streaming down her cheeks now, and her face was bright red. "It's over now, Susie. Just relax. You'll get cleaned up when you get home." By now the whole bus was talking about the girl who wet her pants, about how the bathroom was locked, and how the driver refused to stop. People were craning their necks to get a glimpse of Susie and her wet shorts. I thought I heard someone say, "Amy did it, too." Susie cried softly for a little while, but she finally stopped and closed her eyes When the bus finally rolled into the parking lot at the dormitory, we discovered that the girl up front, whose name was Amy, had also wet her pants, but not as bad as Susie. She had a damp patch about the size of an apple in the crotch of her shorts, and she was laughing about it with her friends. As soon as we got off the bus, about five guys went for the bushes, and a few of the girls went running for the dorm. I walked Susie up to her room, where she had to deal with her roommate and her roommate's boyfriend. I went to pee while she changed her clothes, and then we went out to the courtyard for a cigarette. At this point, knowing that another girl had wet herself on the bus, Susie was finally able to laugh about the whole thing. "You should have worn your sandals," I told her.
Chris