After the phone sex I had with Amanda, my college lecturer, we had both promised to refrain from any sexual indulgence until our arranged meeting the following afternoon. By that time we would both be feeling very horny, and we had also decided to resist relieving our bladders from lunch onwards. I was more than happy to agree, "but don't forget," I had reminded her. "You have us for P E at the last session – you don't want me to wet myself during that?" "No," she said, "but it will be nicer if we are both having to hold on, so be a good girl until then, good bye." The phone went dead, leaving me sitting on the toilet tingling with anticipation, my hand still in my wet panties, it was all I could do to keep my promise. 
Even then, I automatically began to rub myself, and would have probably been unable to resist a final climax, except that my cunt was raw from all the attention it had received. Anyway, I had to go downstairs and put the wet clothes in the washing machine. I had to hurry to get every thing clean and dry before mum came home. I also had to take great care to press Amanda's skirt.
The following morning I awoke to find I had wet my bed. No doubt dreaming of what had happened the previous day. As a child I was still wetting the bed at 10, now at 18 I was still not always dry. With the help of a specialist, it had become less frequent. I still had lapses, and therefore used a waterproof cover beneath the sheets; and occasionally I wore a pair of adult incontinence panties. 
I had worn them on that night but I had must have peed a lot, as I woke in a pool of piss. My finger was jammed up the side of the leg of my panties, playing with myself. I was almost about to climax, when my mum shouted upstairs to hurry up – particularly if I had wet sheets for the washing machine, so I had to resist temptation. I was very tempted in the shower to use the spray up my cunt to relieve myself, but I had promised that I would refrain. I could see it was going to be a frustrating day. 
On the way to college I walked, each step causing the fabric of my panties to slide over my aroused clit. Waiting for the first lesson to start, I longed to go in the college toilets and bring myself off. Fortunately the next lecture was one I liked and it took my mind off of it, but by the time lunch break came, my panties were slick with love juice. Eventually, when I did find myself in the loo lowering my panties to piss, I could see my clitty was poking through my pussy lips. I was aroused so much that when I peed I couldn't contain a small orgasm. 
That would have to be my last pee until my date with Amanda. By three o'clock I wanted to pee badly; by four– I was dribbling in my gym panties. I wondered how Amanda was managing. I was late entering the gym. Amanda was sitting on the vaulting horse with her legs folded under her, so I could not see how she had fared. She was directing the group of girls in an aerobics routine. She must have been aware that if I did vigorous exercises, I would most certainly pee myself, for she told me to do matt and rope work on my own.
This was to prove very helpful but exciting as climbing with the rope between my legs helped me control my pee, while the friction on my clit had every nerve screaming. There I was, tottering on the brink of orgasm. While Amanda down below was directing the rest of the group, I was climbing up the rope with my thighs burning from the chafing of it. I was now at the top with my arms wrapped around the tie beam.
Amanda kept looking up at me and must have been able to see my red locked thighs straining together to avoid peeing. From my vantage point I could see she was sitting on her foot with her heel under her bum, pressed tight against her vagina. Rocking slowly to and fro she was stimulating herself; probably feeling as horny as me and also like me desperate for a pee.
Finally she dismissed the group, walked over and stood beneath the rope. "You can come down now. I want to inspect your panties!" I released my hold on the tie beam and started to slide down, I was too eager and went down too frantically so that my little clitty was excited beyond my tolerance. It sent a charge of delight through me that made me relax my bladder. The pee spurting from my cunt went through my panties as though they were not even there, some going down the rope and some through the air to fall on Amanda's face and shoulders. 
As I reached the ground I reached for her but she pushed me roughly away. I was so sorry and I stuttered, "I didn't mean to do it, it was an accident, I couldn't help it! I mean the rope was touching and making me want to cum and rubbing me" Amanda was clearly not having that. "You bloody little baby," she said as I started to cry. I stood there with both hands holding myself between the legs, which were soaked along with my skirt and panties. Amanda's top was wet with my pee, and she looked so angry I was afraid everything was ruined. I must have looked pathetic. 
Amanda said a little more gently, "Now, lift that skirt and lean over the vaulting horse." I did as I was told and waited as Amanda went to the storage cupboard, returning with a thin cane. "Now let's have a look at you." I felt her hand between my legs feeling my panties, "is that all pee or have you cum as well? Come on, tell me," she demanded. I stuttered. "Well I only, uh, I mean it just..." "Oh! Stop dithering and let me see for myself!" She hooked her thumbs in the waist of my panties and pulled then down to my knees I could feel her face near my bottom as she inspected the crotch of my panties.
"There is a bit of cum in there, but I don't think you have cum properly, so you will be still randy when I get you home. However as you have peed on me, I think a few strokes of the cane will make you think again before breaking your promises" Swish went the cane and landed on the back of my legs; it really stung and made me wriggle. "Stop rubbing your cunt against the horse!" Swish, swish, swish, to my horror the stinging pain was making me want to pee again. I yelled "don't, please Amanda, you are going to make me pee again!" 
Amanda stood over me, "well, if that's so it has done some good. Now lets rub some cream in to those stripes and we will be off." How I didn't cum over her hand as she rubbed the backs of my legs so soothingly I will never know, particularly when she touched the insides of my thighs and lightly brushed my aching cunt through the wet material. Later, on the way home in her car, she made me sit with my skirt raised so that my wet stinging legs and bottom were pressed against the cool leather of the car seat. We had been driving for about ten minutes when Amanda had to brake suddenly and there was a sharp intake of breath from her. As her left hand dropped from the steering wheel to clutch herself between her legs, she said, "Ooh! I nearly pissed my pants then. Katie will you do something for me please? Will you hold me so I don't wet myself?" 
I needed no encouragement and thrust my right hand up her short skirt, encountering her warm panty crotch. I pressed the lips of her vagina together through the fabric. Her panties were cotton but I was sure they felt stiff and starchy between her legs as they stretched tightly over her pussy. I was just beginning to wonder about how they had gotten that way when Amanda said, "I have a confession to make. I too, have broken my promise." "You didn't wet yourself?" I interjected, "because then I would have to spank you!" Amanda continued, "no I didn't wet my panties, but when you were up that rope rubbing your legs around it while holding onto the tie beam, I was sitting with my heel pressed into my cunt to stop from peeing.
The sight of you pressing your little cunt against the rope fired up my imagination, and just thinking about how you must be stimulating yourself made me rock my cunt on my heel. I just could not help it; it made me cum in my panties; that's why they are stiff and starchy now. You will have to punish me when we get indoors." I asked, "Do you mean that you want me to cane your legs?" Looking fixedly ahead she said slowly "no, not the cane; something else." 
You will have to assume the dominant role this time, and I the submissive one. Don't hold back. Treat me as though you were the college principal punishing me for being a dirty girl." My mind was racing at first; I didn't think I could act out that role. However, the stinging on the backs of my legs and the hurt that I had felt when she had punished me soon stiffened my resolve. I began to think of ways that I could humiliate Amanda and at the same time derive the greatest sexual thrills for both of us.
My hand was still holding her cunt over her panties. Suddenly I knew what to do. As she stopped the car in her drive and turned off the ignition, I took hold of some hair round her cunt. Then with one swift jerk, I plucked a few hairs out of her muff. Amanda shrieked, and immediately I felt her pee stream through her panties; she could not stop. She saturated her clothing and her seat while moaning away. I launched my assault. "You dirty little bitch, you are behaving like a little girl and you need to be treated like one!" 
Now it was Amanda's turn to start to blubber, as she rubbed herself. "You can stop doing that!" I shouted, "If losing a little pubic hair distresses you that much let's get you upstairs and I will soon have that problem resolved. If you're going to act like a baby girl, then I am going to give you a baby girl's cunt, totally hairless!" So saying, I marched her into her house and straight into her bedroom. 
Amanda was suddenly enjoying this, when I removed her sopping wet skirt and panties she was clearly excited, and her bush was already creamy. It became even more so when I tied her wrists and ankles to the four corners of the bed with straps I found in her wardrobe. Then from the bathroom I brought her lady shaver, some shaving cream together with a new razor, and bowl of hot water. As I started to remove the thicker part of her bush using the trimmer on the lady shaver, her bottom started to wriggle. She moaned, "Ooh! I want to come, please frig me." Things were going just the way I wanted. "You rude little girl," I snapped. "This is not to give you pleasure but to punish you for breaking your promises as well as peeing in your panties," and deliberately nicked her with the trimmers as I shaved around her asshole. "Please don't do that," she wailed. "Then you had better keep still!" (Even though I knew I was going to make that impossible) "Or it will be the worse for you!" Finishing with the trimmer, I bathed her with the warm water as she strained against the straps to bring her legs together, and tried to rub against the flannel. I suppressed my feelings of pity as well as my own excitement. Then I used a sable make–up brush to apply the shaving soap, making sure I tantalized her by repeatedly drawing it over the lips of her twitching cunt.
While I cooed over her, "now you will soon be a baby girlie and it's vulgar for little girls to even think about orgasms – so try not to think about my cunt pressing onto yours." "Enough is enough, please don't tease me any more. You are going to make me wee!" I could see that her bladder had quickly refilled and that when I finally made her cum she would almost certainly pee all over the bed. Then, as I used the razor to remove the remaining hair, I gently drew the cold blade over her labia. Next I patted her dry or tried to; her engorged labia streamed with love juice. Leaving her writhing, I returned to the bathroom for the waterproof mat that I used to place under her bum. By this time I too, was so excited that I had love juice running into my panties. My bladder had also refilled to the point where I was dribbling into my knickers. I removed my skirt; then clambering onto the bed, I lowered myself onto Amanda's chest. I rubbed my soaking crotch onto her tits making sure she could see the stain growing in size as I tantalized both of us to the screaming point. "Well, Amanda," I gasped, "since I know you would be unable to resist attending to your own selfish needs first, I have tied you down and feel that I have a need of your tongue right now." I slid forward so that my thighs were on either side of Amanda's face and let my full weight press against her nose and face. 
Pulling the gusset of my panties to one side, Amanda responded eagerly; knowing that the sooner she satisfied me the quicker her own needs would be looked after. Her nose rubbed on my clitoris and her tongue darted around my asshole and in and out of my little hole. As sensations of ecstasy swept over me I grunted, "I am going to have to let you drink all my wee. Can you drink all that?" In answer Amanda increased her rubbing and flicked her tongue over my clitoris. As the waves of my climax hit me I began to pee and she did manage to swallow quite a lot but much of it still burst through my panties; soaking her face, hair and tits. My thighs were pressed tightly on either side of Amanda's head.
As the throes of my orgasm receded, I raised my bum so that she would not choke, since she was gasping and spluttering. "Now baby, can't you wait any longer?" She shook her head wildly. Turning around I lay on top of her with my cunt still pressed against her mouth but my face right above her little girl–looking bare cunt. Tentatively I gave her a gentle slap and felt her body buck beneath me. I started to slowly lick her clitoris, which now protruded from between her lips like a miniature prick; I held her lips apart and took the whole of that trembling stem into my mouth. I felt her go rigid; her whole body went taut and then her frame shook as a mighty climax overtook her. Suddenly her built up volume of piss hissed out of her, arching high into the air and spraying my face.
Unintelligible noises came from her mouth, which I quickly gagged by pushing my own cunt back down onto it. I felt her tongue once more lapping away my juices, as I returned the compliment so that we were quickly in need of release again.
I then repositioned myself, so that we were face to face. Now I could grind my cunt into hers. Her legs were open wide while my legs were together, enabling us to exert maximum force. First we used fast movements, then as the climax built, we moved more slowly. As the moment arrived we screamed in unison. I could actually feel her clit sticking like a little cock into my cunt as I jerked in orgasm; then as the tension receded I felt a warm trickle as she peed in final supplication.
Undine