The Summer Picnic
	(Female Desperation & Sex)
Written by Penny Hampshire

"We'll have to be getting back soon!" Sandra proclaimed to David as she stretched herself. Dave failed to respond. He was watching a wren as it 'pip-pipped' in a low bush nearby.

"Dave!" she said quite purposefully, to get his attention.

"Oh nonsense," Dave said as he reached for the now almost empty lemonade bottle.

"It's such a lovely day and besides, you aren't working tonight, so lets make the most of it." He said as his gaze went back to the bush which had contained the wren.

Sandy had really enjoyed the outing and the picnic, and Dave was right, it was the most beautiful of days. Bright sunshine, yet the air was not stifling like it had been a few days earlier. Today really was just right.

Again she stretched herself as she looked at the lemonade bottle, over half of which she had drunk earlier and now she wished she hadn't.

Dave noticed her looking at the bottle and leaned over and handed it to her. She didn't want any more, well not just yet. She waved a hand as she declined Dave's offer to finish the bottle, but he wasn't dissuaded. " Go on girl! I've two tins of Coke in my bag so you might as well finish off the lemonade." Sandy was still slightly thirsty, so she acquiesced gracefully. The rather warm and flat lemonade wasn't very satisfying but she gulped-down the remainder. 

Sitting up had intensified her discomfort to such a degree that she realised she was very much in need of a loo and not just mildly aware of her bladder like she had been while lying down. Since it was just after 4:00pm she had thought she would be ok for the rest of the day, but sitting up had changed her agenda entirely. Now she knew that waiting until she was back home was no longer an option. She was going to have to take a wee, and judging by the intensity of ache coming from her bladder, she would have to wee quite soon.

She hadn't known Dave long, well, not long enough to feel comfortable about telling him. Oh, it was so embarrassing! This was a lovely spot for a picnic; open parkland with tufts of longer grass and the odd isolated tree or two, under which sheep were enjoying the shade. It was lovely but it lacked the kind of cover she could make good use of right now. It was doubly difficult because there were several other family groups in the field, also enjoying a picnic. She was in a fix and no mistake!

She explored the alternatives, one of which she considered was the car park. Only a short distance away but she remembered that it too had little to offer in the way of privacy or cover. Just a low crumbling stone wall and a few low shrubs to one end. She bit her lip as she again scanned the immediate vicinity with renewed hope of spotting something she might get down behind but she bit her lip even harder as an especially powerful urge washed over her. She tensed-up!

"What's up love?" Dave asked at seeing her stiff posture and worried look. He had seen her tense-up when he had offered her the lemonade and now he had seen her looking all around, he was fairly shore she must be feeling the effects of that half bottle of lemonade.

"Nothing - I'm fine!" Sandy heard herself saying as she managed a wide but unconvincing smile. She knew straight away that Dave wouldn't believe her, and he didn't. Without giving Dave a chance to ask again, she added " Well, actually I could really do with a..." she stopped short of saying 'wee'. Instead she tried " I would like to go - need to go to the loo." She had clenched her hands together in her lap and realising she had done so, turned bright red and grabbed her handbag for something for her hands to do.

"Oh, well I was becoming a bit uncomfortably full myself." Dave said supportively while appearing not to notice how she had been pressing her hands into her lap, while struggling to say what had to be said.

Sandy's composure returned slightly at hearing Dave's words. She doubted whether in fact he really needed a wee but it was so supportive of him. " We had better be moving then" was Sandy's suggestion as another powerful urge ran it's course. This time, Dave replied with a " Yep."

As Dave stuffed his sweater back into his bag, he asked, in as casual a manner as he could, whether she was desperate or could she wait until they got back to his place, which being nearer than Sandy's might be the best destination, given the circumstances. Sandy didn't reply. She would have loved to shrug-off Dave's enquiry with a confirmation that she would be fine waiting but as she stood up, she immediately had to cross her legs and squeeze her buttocks to avoid the unthinkable from happening. Her urge passed after a moment and she relaxed slightly. 

Dave didn't need an answer. Seeing Sandy in such a state said it all. The poor girl really was desperate. He too looked around and came to the same conclusion that Sandy had. This place was just not going to help Sandy do what she obviously had to. He might risk a quick piss by one of the trees but he couldn't suggest this to her as a solution to her dilemma. He could see she was close to tears as she pressed both her hands between her legs. " Oh Dave!" she said in a pleaing tone.

"I know" Dave remarked quickly, so as to offer the poor girl some hope of salvation. Thinking quickly, he continued " There's a farmhouse a little way up the valley. We'll see if we can use their loo, if you like?"

Sandy straightened up, adopting a much less embarrassing posture as the urge subsided.

"Oh, do you think they would mind?" Sandy asked as she thought how Dave, very supportively, had said 'if we could use their loo'. He really was a dear and sensitive man.

They quickly bundled-up the rest of their stuff and in silence but hand-in-hand, they started off towards the farm. Sandy had to stop once or twice to 'admire the flowers' while fighting off her bladder's attempt to override her intentions. Each time, she was very aware of the fact that she was in full view of the families back in the picnic field, so she resisted the almost overwhelming temptation to put her hands between her legs to help support her weakening sphincter muscle. Her apparent sudden interest in botany was becoming more frequent, but eventually the farm was just up ahead.

It looked a run-down sort of place but that didn't matter. It would have all they wanted. As they entered the courtyard, the sounds of their feet on the cobble stones provoked an unseen dog into barking. Sandy hated dogs and if her need had not been so pressing, she would have turned round and fled, but if she did that now, she would be left with no hope of relief, so she gripped Dave's arm for support as she slowly walked towards the farmhouse door. Dave rang the bell. They heard it ring faintly somewhere within, and the dog intensified its barking. 

They waited, with Sandy hopping from foot to foot once or twice as she tried to avoid Dave's eyes. They waited, but no one came to answer the door. After ringing twice more, and waiting still longer, Dave shrugged his shoulders, saying " No one at home it seems." Sandy exclaimed " Oh hell." through clenched teeth. She just had to put her hand between her legs, saying " I really can't wait much longer Dave." He could see she was understating her desperate plight. She was obviously very close to having an accident. Dave thought for a moment and then said " Perhaps there's an outside toilet somewhere around here." He gestured towards the outbuildings surrounding the courtyard. Sandy just nodded.

Dave walked and Sandy hobbled across the cobbles again towards what looked quite promising. A small door at the corner of what looked like a stable. It had a simple latch, which lifted easily. The door opened with a squeak to reveal a collection of spades, forks rakes and other hand tools. They all looked as run-down as the farm itself. Dave leaned inside, just in case there was a loo, but it really was just a small shed. He thought how even a bucket might provide Sandy with the relief she desperately wanted, but as he looked, he caught one of the spade handles and the whole collection came tumbling and crashing out onto the cobbled yard. It made one hell of a commotion. Sandy had her back pressed firmly against the stone wall. 

She was looking out across the courtyard. Dave quickly gathered-up the tools and tried to get them to stay put inside the shed again, but as he did so, there came a gruff voice from across the courtyard. " Oh, what's your bloody game then!" Dave spun round to see a scruffy looking man approaching. Dave, not usually lost for words, doubled his efforts at getting the tools back in the shed. Sandy just stared ahead, still with her back pressed firmly against the stone wall. Both her hands were behind her, flat against the wall. Dave gave up, and let the ---- tools fall wherever they would.

"Oh, yes, well, actually, I err..." Dave offered as a preamble to an explanation for his apparently suspicious behavour.

Sandy tried to explain. " I was just - well, I have to... that is I'm..."

The farmer just glared at them both.

In unison, they both said " We did knock!"

Now the farmer had something to say. " You young buggers. Seeing what you could nick, I'll bet!"

Sandy just looked shamefully at her shoes but Dave was quick to respond.

"We were only looking for a toilet."

Then Sandy added " I'm sorry but I'm bursting for a loo, and we thought I.might use yours."

The farmer was having none of it!

"A likely story. I've a mind to call the police!" He said as his eyes burned into Sandy's.

She was getting really scared but managed to continue " Oh no, please don't do that. I really am in the most desperate need, if only you could let me..."

She was cut off by the farmer " No you can't use the bloody loo. Now bugger off before I set the dog on you.

Sandy let out a muffled scream of frustration, anger, embarrassment and suffering at hearing this point-blank refusal. She knew her fate was sealed: she was going to get WET!

She started sobbing. Dave put his arm around her waist, pulling her gently away from the cold wall. He forced her to walk as he started heading towards the field. As he did so, he shouted back at the farmer, a few well-chosen words, the likes of which he would never have done in front of Sandy, but the farmer deserved all he got. He half-hoped the farmer might relent after his verbal onslaught but as he looked back he saw the farmer was intent in putting the tools back in the shed. He muttered something that Dave didn't catch but from its tone, it wasn't worth catching.

After a dozen paces, they were on the grass again. Sandy was crying and pressing her hands with urgency between her legs. " Dave I'm going to wet myself" she sobbed.

Dave gripped her firmly. Looked her in the eyes had told her what he was going to do. Sandy listened and dared to hope that a soaking might be averted afterall.

Dave said " This is what we'll do..."

Somehow Sandy made it back to the car. She got in very quickly so she could hold herself now she could not be seen. She had to force her hands between her legs to give her tired sphincter muscle a rest from being her only line of defence.

Already Dave's plan was going wrong. He had suggested that her best hope of getting the relief she so desperately needed might be had by hiding behind the car door and squatting down. He said he would stand with his back to her alongside the car to block off anyone's view from that direction. It wasn't a good plan but if it had worked out that way she would willingly have done what she had to. The plan had been wrecked by the fact that there was a group of children playing around the cars. A family were having a picnic in their car, just behind Dave's, and their unruly children were playing hide and seek between the cars.

Dave got into the driver's seat and looked at the way Poor Sandy was squeezing her thighs and jiggling about as she again pressed her hands firmly between her legs. She was looking straight ahead with a glazed expression on her face that showed she was using all her willpower and concentration to hold her wee.

Dave had to say or do something since his plan was clearly hopeless with the kids running about everywhere.

"If I cut the top of the lemonade bottle, do you think you could manage to wee into it?" Dave offered.

Sandy replied in a whimpering voice. " Oh God I'm so desperate, but how am I going to get my jeans and knickers down without being seen."

A little face had appeared at the window to peer-in then vanish again, and this had happened several times in just a short time Sandy had been sitting there. It was just a game to the children, peeping into car windows, pulling a face and running off again but it was the ruination of another plan that, under normal circumstances might have stood a chance of working.

Dave was sweating and struggling to help the poor girl but every time he came up with an idea, something or someone intervened to continue Sandy's agonising plight. He was also aware of his own growing need to wee but he couldn't until Sandy had found the relief she needed so badly. Clearly they were both in a fix and the solution wouldn't come from just sitting there so Dave decided he had to drive somewhere; anywhere that might provide a little privicy.

"Hang on a little longer if you can Sandy and I'll drive down the road a little way until we find a lay-by with some cover."

He didn't think there were any lay-bays on this stretch of road but sitting here was unbearable."

"Yes Dave, but for God's sake hurry" . Sandy said in a very agitated voice.

"I can't do it here, not with those ---- kids watching me." She exclaimed, looking as she spoke in the direction of one of the little brats, who was doing his level best to demolish the already half-demolished stone wall."

Dave rummaged in his pocket for the keys as Sandy exclaimed in alarm " Oh, how could he. Right there on the top of the wall!"

Dave looked up to see the young lad standing atop the wall, brazenly having a wee. Dave watched as the lad's stream ran down from the top of the wall to its base.

"The dirty little bugger!" Dave said as he thought how it seemed like the lad was taunting Sandy with his demonstration of brazen relief. It contrasted so starkly with Sandy's predicament. He was a gregarious boy, free of inhibitions and Sandy was a girl, fraught with inhibitions. He was relieved and enjoying himself whereas Sandy was suffering and relief seemed even more distant a prospect now.

As Dave pulled away violently, scattering gravel about, Sandy gasped and then groaned and shifted in her seat as another massive urge mounted its attack. She whimpered and gave a shudder as applied all her remaining strength to combat the urge. Thankfully its attack subsided and she was able to take another breath.

Dave was shaking with anxiety at seeing Sandy in such an acutely embarrassing fix. She was coping so well but he knew it was only a matter of minutes now to the point every girl fears; when in spite of every possible effort, her sphincter muscle finally starts to involuntarily relax and the floodgates open.

Dave hated himself! It was his fault Sandy was now in distress. He should have chosen a picnic site with amenities close by, when taking a lady out, but he had just forgotten to take her toiletry needs into consideration. He was used to just going almost anywhere to relieve himself, when the need arose but for a girl, taking a wee was altogether a different matter, and for a shy girl like Sandy, even more of a problem.

"Oh no - no, no, NO!" Sandy said loudly in a high pitched voice.

Dave stared at her crotch, fearing she had scummed to one massive final urge to wee. He expected to see a rapidly spreading stain as her wee burst forth to soak her through but her hands were working hard between her legs so he couldn't see anything. He looked back at the road ahead and immediately saw and understood the reason for Sandy's exclamation. The traffic ahead was at a standstill.

Traffic jams happen on sunny Sunday afternoons when some old dear does something silly, but for it to happen on this road now was as if some force was determined to Sandy suffer the ultimate humiliation.

They slowed to a standstill and noticed several people out of their cars. It looked as if the traffic had been stationary for quite a while, and now there were cars behind Dave's. They were hemmed-in with no escape. Sandy gasped and started panting as tears born of shame rolled down her cheeks as a warm wet flood burst into her knickers. She briefly attempted to stem the flow but her sphincter muscle was so totally exhausted, it refused to contract, and so the whole of her bladder's long-held contents escaped in one long and powerful rush.

Dave knew at the first sign of a tear that she was losing it right there beside him. Now he could hear, between Sandy's sobbing, the hiss of wee escaping under pressure.

"Oh my poor Sandy!" Dave said supportively as he put an arm across her shoulders and watched the quickly spreading dark patch appear between her legs, where her hands had been pressing just moments before. Now they were tightly folded across her chest, thrusting her breasts up in the process. She spread her legs and lifted the weight off one buttock to aid the escape of her wee. The hissing note changed and faded as she leaned into Dave's supporting embrace.

Sandy was limp and trembling slightly as she sobbed " Oh Dave, I'm so sorry. I really tried to wait but..."

"There, there dear, I know" was Dave's comforting reply.

After perhaps half a minute in Daves arms, she stopped crying. She straightened-up and ventured to feel her backside with one hand. The seat of her jeans was soaked, as was the car seat. A river of wee had spilled over the front edge of the seat and trickled down her legs, filling her shoes and making a large puddle on the floor mat by her feet. She leaned forward and felt more wee run off the seat onto the floor. She quickly leaned back again and this forced wee up her lower back. She was sitting in a lake of wee and was totally soaked through.

Dave looked on and wondered how Sandy was going to dry herself, and how he was going to dry out his upholstery. He also wondered how long he could continue to hold his own growing need for a wee. He considered just letting go where he sat but one soaked seat was quite enough for him to have to clean, so he struggled to hide his own discomfort and hoped he could find relief later.

They both sat there in silence for minutes on end. Sandy in her shocked subdued state but so very glad to be rid of the throbbing ache she had endured for so long. Dave bit his lip and longed for the traffic to move again, otherwise he knew he would also be making a puddle in the car. He hadn't told Sandy of his own growing plight, and he found he couldn't break the silence, besides, what good would it do telling her. She could do nothing to help him, just as he had not been able to do anything to overt Sandy's deluge.

A horn blast shook them both back into attentiveness. The car behind was impatient to move forward and Dave hadn't noticed that the car ahead had in fact moved a good way forward. His personal predicament had taken his full attention.

Soon they were clear of the hold-up. Dave had to say something; not just to try and help Sandy cope but to breach the subject of his own most urgent need.

"Not far now" Dave said unsteadily, and he added " but I'm going to have to pull over first."

Sandy's glazed and far-away expression softened as she gained a small measure of composure. " I don't need to stop any more." she heard herself saying in spite of the fact that it was very plain to see she had totally emptied her bladder into the seat. She then realised that Dave must be talking about his own urgent need, just as Dave said " No Sandy, it's for me. I'm bursting."

After a short while, a lay-by came into view. Dave swerved in without reducing speed much at all, then he hit the breaks hard, causing the wheels to lock as the car skidded to a halt on the gravel. In an instant he was out of the car and moving into the hedge as he unzipped his flies. Sandy looked on with envious eyes. " So unfair" she said to no one in particular, as she envied how easy it was for a man to relieve himself. What she didn't appreciate was the fact that Dave couldn't relieve himself.

Sandy's accident had so excited him to the point where his penis was like a rod of iron. Getting it out only succeeded in giving it more room to swell. He stood there trying to get the thing in his hand to come down so he could pee. Oh how he needed to pee! He couldn't get the image of Sandy sitting in the car just feet away, watching him and that added renewed vigour to his erection. He waited what seemed like an age and still his penis was too stiff to use for its other function, no matter how urgent that other function was. He had to admit defeat! He couldn't just stand there indefinitely. Sandy must already be wondering why he was taking so long. What could she think he was doing! This was so embarrassing!

Very reluctantly he forced his penis back inside his pants and nearly ejaculated. He was that close to the edge! He had to get back in the car and get home as soon as he could. That was the only way he could get the relief he needed so badly.

"Better?" Sandy asked as Dave awkwardly sank back into his seat.

"Yes, much." he lied! How could he tell her that her accident had made him too horny to pee. What sort of guy would she think he was for heavens sake.

Sandy wondered what could be wrong with Dave as she couldn't help seeing him squirming and twisting in his seat as he resumed the drive. If I didn't know better, she thought, I would swear he was bursting to go, but that can't be the reason since he had only just watered the headge row, and judging by the amount of time it took him, he must have peed an ocean.

Dave was silent as he fought the battle with his bladder with all his strength and determination.

Sandy's face flushed bright red as she experienced the first signs of sexual excitement at the sensations emanating from her lower abdomen. Sitting in wet knickers and being bumped gently by the motion of the car was getting to her. Warm wet silk caressing the lips of her vagina felt so very good, she couldn't help being aroused by it. It reminded her of her first orgasm as a girl. It too had come about through being seated at the back of a bus. 

Being bumped, like now, and back then she had also tried to hold her wee too long. That time, she had only spurted a little wee into her pants but it had served well as a lubricant and as she fought for control, she remembered being hit by such a massively powerful orgasm that she fainted. She was now well on her way to another orgasm unless she could get a grip on her emotions. She tried to concentrate on the road ahead as a detraction and for a while it worked well enough for her to calm down slightly, but she was so aware that it would take very little to push her all the way to a massive orgasm.

Sandy was very greatly relieved to find they had arrived at Dave's place without incident. Dave pulled the car into the driveway outside his house. Actually Dave only had a flat on the top floor. As the car skidded to a halt, Dave was out and round to Sandy's door, which he yanked open smartly. Sandy looked up at Dave as she slid a hand under her wet backside. Even the lower part of her back was soaked. She sat there just looking about her, not daring to move, but now she had to endure the stares of neighbours and passers-by. How could she just walk in, dripping wee from her bum.

"I can't let anyone see me like this" she exclaimed, pointing to her soaked crotch.

"For Christ's sake" Dave shouted before stopping himself. His bladder was screaming for release from the agonising strain it had endured for too long already. His mind held one hope of salvation; to get inside, upstairs and in the toilet as fast as humanly possible, and here was Sandy, refusing to move!

"I'm sorry" he quickly added, before continuing " I'll get a travel rug for you to wrap yourself in."

Sandy's eyes showed her astonishment at his outburst. Her wide eyes noticed his posture and know he was needing the loo, and very desperately, if she was any judge. How so soon, she wondered. She looked again but Dave was gone from view. Now she was alone she tried to relax in readyness for stepping out of the car.

Dave fumbled as he found the door key and had to bend double to stave-off a huge urge but then he was inside and climbing the stairs with stiff legs. He had just a few yards to go to his flat. He held his breath and hobbled forward along the landing. This time, the key to his door didn't impede his hasty entry. He lunged for the toilet door and burst it open as his hands fought his zip. He relaxed and waited for his still somewhat erect penis to start conducting the flow. 

First a dribble, then another and then after half a minute nothing, a more sustained stream stared, but then quite suddenly he remembered Sandy and the stream stopped abruptly. He couldn't get started again, not just now but at least his bladder wasn't screaming for relief any more. It was very full but endurable for the moment, and he had to rescue his damsel in distress. He thought how he might take a cold shower as soon as he could. That should calm him down sufficiently to complete the job of emptying his bladder, but for the moment...

As Sandy sat there, her thoughts again returned to when Dave had made use of the lay-by. She had to believe he had returned to the car just as full as when he had left it. He must have been lying when he said he was fine. The harshly spoken words and his awkward posture just now confirmed her belief that the poor man was bursting. She knew there to be only one reason a man might not be able to wee when he had the chance; if he was supporting a powerful erection. The thought of his very stiff erect penis refusing to allow his distended bladder to empty caused her own state of arousal to leap.

"This is silly" she said to herself. Two adults desperately wanting sex but being too shy to admit it. She resolved to confess her unsuppressable desires to Dave as soon as he returned. Oh how she wanted him inside her. She wriggled with excitement and anticipation and thrilled to feel the silk of her knickers caress her vagina. It teased and tickled. " Oh, hurry up Dave!"

Dave started back down the stairs with a travel rug over his arm for Sandy to wrap herself up in. As he walked he was very aware of his rock-hard penis chafing and rubbing against his pants. Each step was one step closer to an ejaculation, he was sure of that! He had to stand still by the door for a while until the danger of an imminent ejaculation passed. He ventured outside and was soon by the car again. 

He looked in the window to see Sandy lost in a state of - well, it looked like contentment! Her eyes were closed and she had a peaceful expression on, with just a touch of a smile about the corners of her mouth. Dave pressed the door catch and slowly opened her door. Sandy's expression was gone in an instant to be replaced with the look of a scared and shy and wet girl. The exact look he had seen earlier.

Dave offered one edge of the travel rug to Sandy, as his eyes once again went straight to her saturated lap.

"Here. Wrap this around you like a bath towel" He said while trying to conceal the bulge in his trousers. Seeing her again had encouraged his penis to return to its very rigid posture.

Sandy twisted slightly sideways in her seat before putting her legs over the door sill in as ladylike a manner as she could manage. As she stood up, Dave wrapped the rest of the rug round her wast. In doing so, the back of his hand brushed against her skin-tight jeans and he, for just a moment, experienced the cold, clammy feeling Sandy was experiencing as she moved.

Sandy staggered slightly as she tried to compose herself in the face of an onslaught of emotions. Dave embraced her as she staggered. He did so to prevent her from falling but continued to hold her firmly. Sandy pulled the rug in closer as she was squeezed against Dave's body. He was shaking as they both felt his erect member, demanding attention. Sandy let one of her hands move towards Dave's bulge. Dave groaned as his manhood throbbed with renewed urgency, in very eager response to Sandy's exploring hand. It felt as if his penis would explode out of its confinement any moment. He groaned a little louder now. It was such a sweet agony, having Sandy so close and feeling her gently moving hand.

Sandy's eyes searched-out and exposed all the feelings Dave was scared to show. In that instant, Dave knew Sandy was aching for the feel of his manhood inside her. Her face was flushed, her hair was a mess and she was soaking wet but Dave loved her with a passion as great as that experienced by any of the world's greatest lovers, since the beginning of time.

Suddenly they were of but one mind. Sandy lurched forward, holding Dave as tightly as she knew how. They charged towards Dave's flat, through the front door, up the stairs and inside, almost in a single blur of movement. Once the door had slammed behind them. Dave took the lead and led Sandy into the shower unit. Sandy dropped the rug on the way. It had served its purpose. Dave turned on the blast of icy-cold water. 

They both gasped as it hit their entwined bodies. Sandy's face was upturned as she delighted in the stinging needles of cold water. Quickly it became warm and then hot. Dave, with trembling fingers, attacked the buttons on Sandy's silk blouse. Now the material hugged her body and through its wet semi-transparent veil he could see her breasts thrusting forward, firm and full.

Sandy pulled and tugged at Dave's shirt, then she urgently did battle with this belt and trouser buttons. Dave moved down to unbutton Sandy's jeans and after fumbling briefly, Sandy moved his hands to her left side, where the real fastening was to be fond. Dave tugged and pulled at her wet jeans and Sandy wriggled and wrestled as the very tight jeans were eventually shed. She pulled her knickers down and in an instant, Dave had his penis deep inside her. Dave came almost immediately. Sandy gave a deep moan of pure pleasure as a hugely powerful orgasm rippled through her entire body. Together they collapsed in a heap.

For an age, they both lay entwined. The hot shower still stinging their excited bodies. Without a word or a sign, Sandy let go a flood of wee. The last of the afternoon's lemonade made good its escape. She gave a huge sigh of satisfaction as her bladder finally gave up it's remaining cargo. Her unconcerned release called to Dave's long-held water and he relaxed and his waters mixed with Sandy's remaining few dribbles as he peed and peed for an age. Sandy gently took his wetting penis in her hand and delighted in directing the flow as she giggled with delight.

After a while they became aware of how uncomfortable the floor of the shower tray really was. Dave was the first to break the natural and easy silence they had both enjoyed while making love.

"Oh Sandy, I love you so much!" Dave whispered softly and sweetly into Sandy's ear. She was a crumpled heap, hair a mess, soaked but so very lovely. He helped her to stand and then they showered again together, relishing the intimacy of their feelings for one another.

"Say Sandy!" Dave ventured as they towelled each other down. " Fancy another picnic sometime soon?"

Sandy giggled with delight, then added..." Yeh. Next time Dave, bring more lemonade!

The End.

