Measure for Measure for Pleasure ( Part 5 )
JANE'S REVENGE Jane and her mum were staying with her aunt and her daughter Katie for a short holiday. Jane had arrived suffering from a bladder complaint that left her with feeble control of her bladder and inclined toward having accidents. Her embarrassing state would be made worse if any sexual stimulation were indulged in; as it inevitably delayed the time it would take for the complaint to get better. Unfortunately, the medication that Jane was taking had a side effect that caused such vaginal irritation it drove Jane to near nymphomania. To make matters worse, the doctor had Jane fitted with a panty girdle that acted like a chastity belt, to prevent scratching or masturbation. Also– it zipped in such a way that she could not remove without help and supervision. These conditions had, during on her stay, provoked some humiliation; yet a number of ways of she had found momentary release. Then one day her mother had to go home for a few days and Katie returned to college. Although her problem was now much improved, there was still a hazard; but Jane chose to ignore it. One day she had a wet sex session with Alan in the woods. Subsequently she found that still having to wear her incontinence pants was very irritating as she now had to rely on Aunt Romaly, who was the only person around that could attend to her. As everyone knows, a lot of sex on top of a fair bit of lager makes you need to pee quite frequently and so it was with Jane. Romaly was nowhere to be seen at first when Jane returned from her experiences in the wood where she had experienced the most satisfying sex with Alan ... Jane was glad, but as time wore on her need to wee could not be overlooked. Jane knew she was going to have to find her Aunt and like a little girl ask to be taken to the toilet. She kept putting it off but she was beginning to feel desperate. The last thing she wanted was for Romaly to remove her panties and find she had wet herself. So she went in search of her aunt, eventually after half an hour she found her at the bottom of the garden pruning roses, she blurted out "please come quickly I need to wee," Romaly surprised that it had taken so long before Jane had been forced to ask, had her suspicions of what Jane and that boy who had brought her home had been up too. Looking at Jane she said "I will just finish here and we will take you to the bathroom" Jane was horrified, and more humiliated, "please Aunty Rom," she wailed. Romaly, eyeing her out of the corner of her eye could see the girl was openly holding herself. "Go up to the bathroom and I will follow you," observing Jane's stumbling gait as she made her way back to the house, Romaly was suffused with anger. She laid down her gardening tools and made her way to the house, going into the study and putting an old strap into her apron pocket. Jane, waiting in the bathroom holding herself with both hands thrust between her legs, heard her aunt enter the house. Then just as she expected to hear her coming up the stairs the phone rang. In the next twenty minutes Jane was sure that the phone conversation was about to end at least eight times, and so on each occasion she had relaxed, in anticipation of being able to let go. Frustrated each time, pee leaked in to her panties. Eventually Rom appeared. She took in Jane's dilemma in a glance "lift your skirt and bend over" she snapped. She could see Jane was just about to lose control, and deliberately lingered over removing the poor girl's panties. "Oh! Hurry up I am doing it," gasped Jane, and she felt her aunt stiffen in anger. Romaly having undone the garment slowly lowered it, noting that it was wet. "I see you are still peeing yourself" and looking closer "You dirty little bitch you have either been masturbating or you let that Alan shag you, Its time someone taught you a lesson." Before Jane could move Romaly seized hold of the back of Jane's neck, holding her bent over the toilet. Jane felt the sharp pain of the strap across her bottom. Romaly had pulled the strap from her pocket and was reining blows down on her niece's naked buttocks in a controlled fury, and as the last one landed on the wretched girl, began to piss in a hot white stream jetting on to the floor. Romaly let go of Jane who slid to the floor peeing and weeping. Suddenly Romaly realized she had gone too far and burst out with "Jane, dear I am sorry, so sorry" and fled from the bathroom back to her gardening. She knew that she would have to seek Jane's forgiveness, but as she worked on the flowerbeds, her mind saw again the wet bottom coated with cum stains and thought of what must have happened in the wood. Then as she hunched over her weeding, she quite deliberately peed into her panties. Then she stood and ran to the garden shed, shutting the door behind her, she slumped in an old chair, pulled off her skirt and using her right hand, still dirty from weeding, set about attending to a long denied need. It was there that Jane looking for her aunt found her. She had intended to effect reconciliation. She had looked around the rose trees, seeing the wet soil, followed the wet trail silently to the garden shed. Looking though the dirty window, she saw proud Aunty Rom sitting on an old chair. Her skirt lay on the floor, her meaty thighs wide apart, and the gusset of her matronly white knickers soaking and filthy with the dirt from her hands; the fingers of which where still scrabbling and thrusting the disgusting material into her cunt in search of more release. Jane no longer felt the need for reconciliation. Honor was served measure for measure for pleasure. Such was aunty Rom's lengthy preoccupation with gratification of herself that Jane had time to run back to the house and return with her camera. The two Polaroid shots she was able to obtain were to give Jane more than adequate control over Aunty Rom, in the future. Which as we shall see, was to be put to good effect. 
Undine