I Need To Go
	Husband and Wife play a game of control.
Author: KinkyCc75

I awake late for work.. It's a Wednesday and that's the day my husband works from home. I try to get into the bathroom, but he beats me in there. When I start complaining I am already late he says that it's my fault for oversleeping and tells me that I should just go on to work. I quickly get dressed and run out the door - thinking if I hit every light just right I can make it on time.

As I pull into the parking lot at work I am only 5 minutes late. I call that close enough. I pull out my phone to tell my husband I wasn't horribly late, but see I have a message from him already. I pull up the message and just stare at the screen:

"Work has no relief for you. You are forbidden to use the bathroom there today. Let's see if you can make it all the way home again – no cheating."

Really? We're going to play this? I take inventory of my body. Yeah, I have to pee, but it's not bad. I think I can do this. I go on into work with a small smirk. I get to my desk and type back to my hubby:

"At work safe and sound...And I understand...I will try."

A moment later he returns a smiley face and the following message:

"Good to know. Get to work. Remember you still need your 64 ounces of water today. "

I groan and look at the water bottle on my desk. I normally go through 3 of those during my work day. That's normally 50.7 ounces between the hours of 9:00 – 5:00. I know I am going to be dreading those bottles by the end of the day. I shrug and open the first of my 3 bottles, take a big gulp and get to work.

By lunchtime I am finished with my first bottle and as I put my lunch (from the work freezer) into the microwave it hits me that I really have to pee now. My normal routine is to pop lunch in the nuker and head to the bathroom while it cooks. By the time I am done and my hands are washed my Lean Cuisine is ready and I take it and a bottle of water back to my office to enjoy the peace and quiet of my lunch hour. Today I pause while reaching for that 2nd bottle of water, but I know the rules of our games and if I don't play by those rules then I am not playing at all. I would be cheating and I hate people who cheat at games.

As I get back to my office I see that I have another message from my Sweet Beloved:

"Halfway through your day. How goes it?"

I reply "Fine. I am still playing, but it's getting uncomfortable."

His reply was "Close your door."

I hop up and close my office door. By the time I get back to my desk I have a video call coming in. I answer and see the face of the man who sent me out of the house with a full bladder.

"Hi Hon, are you remembering to drink your water?"

I state that I am and pull up my first bottle to show him one is empty. He shakes his head and asks if that's all so far? I say it's what I normally go through by this point. He tells me to drink more. I pull up my new bottle and tip it up drinking a large bit of it while he watches. He smiles at me and then I see him get up from his home office desk. He takes me with him via the video phone. I watch him walk through the house until he gets to the bathroom. He turns the phone around and I see him remove his penis from his shorts and then he holds his phone out so I am a voyeur to him peeing a rich stream into the toilet. The sight and sound squeezes my bladder and I start dancing in my seat.

He turns the phone back around laughing at my obvious torment.

"I just wanted to check on you M'Love. You enjoy the rest of your day and I'll see you when you get home."

I smile and tell him he's being cruel, but that I still love him and we hang up.

As normal, lunch helps me polish off my 2nd bottle of water and I delve back into work so I can stop thinking about the pressure I am feeling in my lower abdomen. Finally by 3:00 my body starts betraying me and I become thirsty again. I get up and head to the break room and find walking by the bathroom almost impossible, but I do. The pressure on my tummy is almost audible. I grab my water bottle and take the long way back to the office so I don't have to pass the bathroom again.

As the last 2 hours drag by I get over half the last water bottle into me, but I simply cannot drink anymore and I start to notice a strange sensation. As I sit at my desk knowing that I have to pee and cannot, I find myself feeling a pressure not only in my bladder area but also in my pussy. The longer I concentrate on this the more turned on I get. I am making myself miserable and I think I am enjoying doing it.

Finally 5 PM comes and I make a beeline to my car. The sooner I get home the sooner I can get some relief from my now very overfull bladder. The ride home isn't bad as far as traffic goes, but I do find myself cursing the bad condition of the roads. I am feel every bump and divot in the concrete as a strong pressure in my belly. After what seems like an eternity I pull into our driveway.

My husband meets me at the door and gives me a hello kiss. I try to skirt around him, but he blocks me.

"Hey where ya going? Don't you want to tell me about your day? Don't you want to ask about mine?"

I stand there and dance like a toddler and reply

"Can't. Gotta pee" At that he smiles and pushed me back out of the door and then shuts it behind me. Taking my keys from me he locks the door and says

"In a minute, I need to run to the store. "

I just stare at him in disbelief and watch him smile at me and then head to the car. Knowing arguing is useless I drop my head and walk over the passenger side of the car and gingerly get it. I was doing so much better before I had gotten home and had that hope that since I was home I could finally relieve this pressure on my bladder. I swear he took every bump he could find while he drove the 4 blocks to the store. Once we got there he says "Let's go."

I tried to tell him it was okay that I would just wait in the car, but he shook his head. He had forgotten his wallet so I would have to come in with him since he didn't have his bank card. Cursing under my breath I knew he 'forgot' his wallet on purpose.

Walking was becoming almost impossible at this point and I find myself shuffling more than walking. Gladly, he had some mercy on me and only grabbed a few things. At the checkout while the cashier was ringing out our groceries he asks loud enough for those around us to hear

"You Ok Honey? You look a little odd." I immediately turn bright red and just mumble that I am fine and that I am just tired. He chuckles and then we're on our way out the door.

The ride home is even worse but I know we're almost there and that he's had his fun now so this game has got to start winding down to the end. Once we're back in the driveway he gathers the groceries and takes them to the front stoop and then sits down and just looks up at me.

"Okay, this was funny, but I really have to go now."

My dear sweet husband just smiles and replies

"Then go."

I stamp my foot in impatience and glare at my husband, but he just sits there.

"I'm not opening this door until you've wet yourself."

"You've got to be kidding."

"I am not. I have all night."

To illustrate this point he pulls a bottle of water out of the grocery bag, opens it and downs a good third of it. Then he pulls a banana out of the bag and starts eating it.

"You've got to be kidding me. You're kidding right?"

"Nope."

"But my clothes will be ruined."

"Nah.. they'll wash."

"But someone will drive by."

"So?"

"Okay. This is not funny. Open the damned door."

"Nope. Not until you do what your told."

I just stare at him while he folds the banana peel and places it back in the bag. After drinking another third of his bottle of water he leans back against the house and just watches me. I look around the neighborhood. It's relatively quiet out here. It's almost 6:30 by this time. All good little kids are in the house either eating dinner or doing their homework and the traffic has died down to almost none. All the daily commuters have already made it home for the day.

"Really, Honey?"

"Really."

Looking around again. I wonder if I could do this? I feel so much going on in my body right now. My bladder is so full it's about to burst. My pussy is on fire with the earlier excitement and my cheeks are blazing red as I just stand at the foot of the stoop looking up at my husband who's just smiling back at me. I tell myself just to get it over with and then I can go inside. I tell myself to pee, but I can't! I stand in disbelief. I can't pee on myself. I push a little trying to force it, but again nothing.

"I can't."

"You will. We'll wait."

"No, I don't think I can do this out here."

"You will."

As if to prove his point he opens the water bottle and hands it out to me.

"No thanks. I'm good."

"Fine by me." he smirks as he drinks the last of it.

I take another look around the quiet neighborhood and realize that the neighbors on our right aren't home. Neither of their cars are in the drive. Seeing that I walk over to the large tree in our front yard and hide behind it. This should block me from the house across from us and to our left. I try again forcing my will to release my bladder, but still nothing... I cannot pee.

I stamp my feet and cry out my frustration.

"Did you try relaxing?" I hear from beside me. I turn to look and he's turned to watch me.

"I'm trying."

My husband is no more help as he crosses his ankles, intertwines his fingers on his stomach and goes back to just watching. 'Relax, just relax. Think relaxing thoughts I tell myself, but it's not helping. Actually it's making things worse. Knowing my beloved is patiently waiting for me to lose bladder control all over myself is strangely erotic. This is not normal for me. I am not one who's into humiliation. We've tried female watersports before, but it wasn't a big turn on to either of us then. Now I find myself incredibly turned on. Finally wondering if it will help I reach my hand down and press it against my mound. The jolt of electricity that snakes up my spine is wonderful and I press again into my core. I hear my husband shift and I can imagine him scooting closer so he can watch what I am doing. I don't look at him. Instead I open my waistband and run my hand down under my panties.

I internally shake my head. I am standing on my front lawn, hiding behind a tree, fingering my pussy in the hopes that it will let me piss all over myself. This is not where I thought I would be when I woke up late this morning.

Throwing those thoughts out, they're not helping anyway, I lean back against the tree and start concentrating on my tingling pussy. I am wet with juice, not yet pee. I sink my fingers in and then pull the moisture up to my hard button. It feels so good. Rubbing my hard clit, I can feel the tingling start to turn into waves of pleasure that are building to an impending orgasm. Pushing myself against the tree I bring myself to orgasm muffling my pleasure so I do not draw any attention of the neighbors.

Laying back against the tree trying to catch my breath I see again if I can release my bladder. Slowly, I feel the pressure start to break. As I concentrate I can feel the warmth start to pool between my legs. I know it's working. Soon there's no stopping it. Within 15 seconds of my orgasm I am soaking through my panties and looking down I can see my tan slacks starting to darken at the top of the Y that my thighs make. Soon this small wet spot starts to spread and then there's two channels running down my legs. Thinking quickly I kick my shoes off and stand there as the piss runs all the way down my legs and out the bottom of my slacks.

It doesn't stop. I stand there mortified as my slacks are soaked and I am still urinating on myself. I look up at my husband and he's watching me intently, his eyes drifting back and forth between my face and my now completely ruined bottoms. After what seems like an eternity it starts to slow. I feel completely spent after the release of both the orgasm and bladder. I sink down the tree until I am squatting trying to regain control on my body, mind and soul.

I don't even hear my husband approach until he's standing right before me. I look up and see him pull his zipper down and pull his semi-hard cock from his shorts.

///

After just a few minutes, I can feel him getting close to cumming. At the last minute he uses the hand that's not holding my head to the tree to stroke himself to completion. He aims his seed across my face and soon I am covered with even more body fluids.

"Now you can go in." he says as he puts his now softening member back into his shorts. I look down at myself and know that I cannot go inside with these wet clothes. If I did I would drip pee onto the carpets. With a sigh of resignation I start stripping down to my panties and bra. I ball up my clothes and he hands me the plastic bag the groceries were in. Grabbing my shoes, I streak to the now open door and run to the bathroom where I stand in the shower to remove my bra and panties.

My husband joins me in the shower and we both wash away our day, both happy with the way it turned out.

(Edited by PokingFun - Thank you very much for your time and great comments!)
