Title: Camping Capers

By: Michelle

I look at my sister's butt and frown. Not that I've anything against it as a butt, in fact it's a very nice piece of ass indeed.

Erica has a great body - which is more than can be said for her brain. Twenty six going on sixteen, and that's on a good day. Bob's only a year older, but sometimes treats her more like a daughter than a wife. Except in the sack, of course, which I suppose is where it matters.

Anyway, let's get back to Erica's butt. It's encased in tight, spotless white pants, matching her skimpy top, and would you believe high heeled shoes? To go camping! OK, her only previous camping experience was in a luxury camper-van, but you'd think even my sweet sister's tiny brain would grasp the difference between that and real camping, pitching a tent in the deep country or at best in a minimum facility, environmentally friendly site. The rest of us - that's me, Sam (Samantha on Sundays), Jerry, my husband, and the long suffering Bob are in sensible, loose, strong denim gear. Jerry taps impatiently at the steering wheel. Poor man, it's the fourth rest stop we've been to, he's driven ten miles out of our way to get here, and now the lovely Erica's dithering at the door of the restroom. In she goes...

And out she comes, cute little nose wrinkled in disgust. 'It smells,' she says.

'Honey, it's a public restroom in the sticks, and there's a water shortage,' I try to keep the exasperation out of my voice. 'Of course it'll pong a bit. What do you expect?'

'Well, I'm not using a stinky john.' She flounces back into her seat, and away we go. I reflect that my dear sister may regret her decision.

A solid hour's driving, scenery beginning to put on a party act, and we pull over for coffee. 'OK,' says Jerry, screwing the lid back on the flask, 'ladies to the left, gents to the right.' The guys disappear into the undergrowth and I find a convenient bush, dragging reluctant little Sis behind me.

'Sam, where are we going?'

'To meet the President. We're going for a pee, you ninny.' I demonstrate my country lore by picking up a dead branch and beating the ground.

'Why are you doing that?'

'Frightens off the snakes.'

'Snakes!! You expect me to drop my pants in broad daylight in a goddarn snake pit!'

'Snakes won't mind honey, they've seen it all before.' I water the weeds. Ahhh, that's better. Erica stalks back to the truck. Now - I know she's got a small bladder, it's a family trait. I reckon she's about to suffer...

*****

'Here we are,' says Jerry. I take a deep breath of the crystal clear air and freak out on the view. Erica gives a strangled gasp and heads for a small wooden building at the edge of the field. She tugs at the door, gives out a wail.

'Closed, due to water shortage,' Bob reads out the notice. 'Sorry, honey, looks like it's gotta be the bushes.'

'But there could be snakes, or bears, or anything! You've all gotta come with me.'

'Erica, dear, if you think I'm about to let Jerry...'

'He can look the other way. Come on, I'm desperate!'

Well, there's no hiding that. She's hopping from foot to foot hardly able to stand, crouching, shoving her hand against her crotch, writhing in desperation. Bob helps her along the path into the woods and we search for a quiet spot. Not easy. We may be miles from anywhere, but so are a lot of other folks, and they all seem to have chosen to have a walk in the woods. At last we find a secluded clearing. Erica fumbles with belt and zip...

A family of six stroll round a tree. In the country, of course, you don't just nod at folks, you stop and chat. What exactly does one say in this situation? Real nice talking to you all, but if you don't leave smartish my sister's gonna piss in her pants. Is there a formal etiquette? Has Nancy Mitford written guidelines? We agree to chat with the friendly family again at the camp barbecue this evening. Nice folks.

With a low moan, Erica tears at her pants. A rabbit scuttles by. She screams and pulls them back up. All quiet. OK girl, if you gotta go you gotta go, and I ain't ever seen anyone who's gotta more than you. She struggles her tight pants round her ankles. I make very sure that Jerry is looking elsewhere. Now her panties. Why on earth didn't she slip them down with her pants? She pulls desperately, they stick half way down her thighs. More haste less speed my pet, and if you were wearing sensible knickers instead of that tiny nonsense in white lace, you'd have no problem at all.

The cry of a hawk, close, loud. It almost makes me lose control, and I went an hour ago. The effect it has on my sister is quite spectacular, the pee jetting from her, pouring down into her panties and thru them on to her pants. She throws herself desperately into crouching position, but there's pee everywhere, bouncing off rocks, even splashing on to her top. I step back carefully, notice that Bob's watching the show with open mouth and obvious erection and, more to the point, so is Jerry. I select a good spot to hit him, then relent. He's only human, and what man could resist the sight he's seeing?

At last Erica is done. She pulls her sodden clothing back on and we survey the damage. I reckon she'd have ended up dryer if she'd stood straight and wet in her pants. The said pants are soaked transparent, and her panties were transparent to start with. Talk about a walking strip show! And nowhere to change until we get the tents up. For once the lovely Erica pulls her weight and the canvas goes up in jig time. We attract quite an audience for all that. I suspect my dear sister is secretly enjoying myself. Bob leads her into their tent, and we hear noises that have very little to do with finding dry clothes. Now my dear sister really is enjoying herself.

I take the opportunity to wander round the campsite. No wonder it seemed busy, there's a school group. High school girls. Kinda pretty high school girls. Now, I pride myself on having the same figure that I had ten years ago, and a darn good one at that, but at twenty eight a girl has to try that little bit harder to compete with eighteen year olds. Fortunately not all the clothes I packed were sensible loose denim.

*****

'Aren't you ready yet?' Jerry's voice has an edge of exasperation, but also a hoarse undertone of excitement. When I don't let him watch me dress it means I'm putting on something very sexy indeed. I emerge, glad it's a warm night, Jerry whistles. A passing camper drops a mallet on his foot. I feel male eyes upon me and wiggle my butt - as shapely as Erica's, more so in fact, and on display under a pair of red shorts so tiny that my skimpy panties peep from the legs as interesting lines of red lace. A matching top of red gauze shows off the boobs that won me Miss Just-About-Everything before I became a feminist and stopped doing... what I'm doing now. Flaunting. Well, I was once a promiscuous eighteen year old myself on the lookout for a husband - anybody's husband. These dear little co-eds are in for a fight if they want mine.

Erica, subdued, and in sensible loose pants after her disgrace, looks at me with the sort of undisguised hatred that only sisters can feel. I wiggle over to the campfire, glad of the warmth in spite of the mild evening. Several of the prettier schoolgirls, and one or two of the other women, have dressed up, or rather down, for the event. They do say men come here for the view.

Nice barbie, and of course barbecued food needs copious amounts of liquid. Mostly beer, but in my case club soda - always managed to misbehave quite adequately without the assistance of alcohol. People disappear into the shadows, in singles for an obvious purpose, in couples for an even more obvious purpose. Tipsy, but that's only an excuse, a pretty young blonde starts flinging herself at every man in sight. I hang on to Jerry. Blondie flirts with Bob until Erica gives her a sly nip. Good on you Sis. Dusk begins to fall, guitars are produced. A good time is had by all, Blondie by a select few.

Dusk. I shift uncomfortably. Snakes scare me not at all, spiders don't populate my nitemares, even bears hold little terror. But I'm scared of the dark. Don't want to go into the woods, not at night, not alone. Jerry's playing guitar and won't want interrupted. I can wait until he's finished. Of course I can. I wriggle some more, push my hand between my legs. Erica catches my eye and grins. Wait a moment, she hasn't been either. Why the calm expression, the Giaconda smile? The loose pants! She can't be... That's cheating!

'Encore,' cry the crowd. 'Stop,' I whisper, 'please stop now'. Jerry plays an introduction. Hotel California - that goes on for ever! I feel warm moisture between my legs but manage to control myself. Oops. I'm OK, a little damp, but nobody's about to notice in this light. Except my blonde friend who has returned from her adventure in the woods and is happily demolishing a six pack.

'Wet yourself hon?' she slurs. I don't reply. 'So have I,' she continues blithely. 'Great, isn't it.' Even in the dim light her denim shorts are obviously soaked, the rock on which she's sitting showing runnels of wet. I groan.

Party's over at last. I cling to Jerry's arm. At last he notices my distress, and hurries me towards the woods. Hardly the first time he's seen me like this, and he knows my control is almost zero... totally zero. I feel the first warm trickle run down the inside of my thigh, another, another. I try to hold back. No good at all. I let go, the glorious relief flooding through me, the pee pouring thru my inadequate, thin shorts and lingerie. Still he hurries me towards the woods. No rush now to relieve my bladder, his haste has another reason. When his sexy wife wets her skimpy clothing, she wants screwed. Now. How right he is! We find a clearing and he flings me on to the soft moss, no foreplay, no mercy asked or given, a hard, exciting glorious coupling thru the leg of my soaked shorts. I scream, dig nails into his back, cum, cum, cum!!

Afterwards he's gentle. He may be only two years older than me, but sometimes, some very special times, he treats me more like a father than a husband. He finds a towel, wets it from the only water tap still working on the entire site, and cleans me up, rubbing talcum powder into my creamy skin, dressing me in my little nightie, tucking me into my sleeping bag.

'Darling,' he says, 'if you need to go during the night, please wake me.'

'Not sure if I could wake you in time. Don't tend to wake myself until I'm desperate.'

'But Sam. there's no way we could clean the sleeping bag if it got, well... soiled.'

'I know,' I giggle, remembering my sister's loose pants. 'Back in a minute.'

'But it's dark out there, and that nightie's transparent and...'

I ignore him and wiggle the short distance to the next tent, peeking in to make sure Bob and Erica aren't, well, busy. 'What is it Sam?' asks the latter.

'Erica, lend me a diaper.'

