Gail looked at Vicky's back in front of her. The long, reddish–brown hair fell softly over her shoulders, reaching almost to the strap that was showing clearly under the tight red t–shirt. Time and again Vicky had to brush her hair from her face. After a while it fell back again, prompting another touch of her cheek. Gail ruffled her short curls and wished she had longer hair. Better keep writing. Final exam. She knew too little about agricultural policy, but had settled for that after discarding drug rehabilitation and unemployment. She could never write about homosexual rights, not ever. Vicky had tired of the unruly hair, putting it up high in a ponytail with a red elastic band. Gail found herself staring at her neck. An assistant opened the door. "Anybody need a break? Five at a time please." Vicky rose, and Gail did the same. Vicky's rounded bottom filled her black pants, and Gail smoothed her skirt over her own. The other three were smoking. Gail and Vicky stood away from the fumes. "Which topic did you choose?" Vicky asked. "Agriculture. You?" "Homosexuals," Vicky replied. Gail felt herself blush. "I was thinking of that one too..." "Well, I've got to pee," Vicky said. "You?" "One at a time," the assistant said. Gail watched Vicky leave for the toilets. The smokers were finished. "I need the bathroom," Gail said, rocking a little. Vicky reappeared, with bared midriff and ponytail swaying. "We're going back up," the assistant said. "Just be quick." Gail entered the girls' room, wondering which stall Vicky had used. Probably the last one. Gail lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and sat. Homosexuals... Gail had had some boyfriends, all of them attentive and nice. But for the last few months she had felt herself drawn more and more towards Vicky, she had watched her both in class and in exercises, and had finally admitted to herself that she would like to – well, get to know her better. They had shared classes for a year and a half, but never talked much. Gail cupped her breasts and wondered what it would feel like, having another girl's hands on them. She wiped, pulled up her panties and washed her hands.
*
Finally. The last page done and reviewed, test submitted. Gail sat on a bench outside, letting the warm air of May brush her hair and bare legs. She had bought a Coke in the canteen, and eaten her last sandwich. "Everything all right?" Vicky stood by the bench, sack slung over her shoulder. Gail looked up, smiling. "Passable. You?" "Maybe I got a little carried away at times. It's a special subject." "Yeah, sort of emotional..." Gail felt as though bodies and glances were talking by themselves. What did Vicky mean? She felt a tingle in her belly. "Like to see a film tonight?" Vicky asked. "What's on?" "Don't know." Gail swallowed, ruffled her hair and spoke before considering. "Come home with me, and we'll check the paper. I could cook something." "I'm not intruding?" "Home alone, until tomorrow." "Great! Let's go!" Gail nodded and rose. Her skirt billowed and her sweater felt tight across her chest. They left.
*
"Look, we just redecorated the bathroom," Gail said. Vicky poked her head in. "Wow!" Light tiles, lots of shelves, and a big sunken bathtub in the corner. Soft mats on the floor and candlesticks were on the edge of the tub. They looked at each other. "Want to have a bath?" Gail asked. "Didn't bring a swimsuit," Vicky blurted out. "Wear your panties," Gail laughed. She turned on the taps, and fetched towels, shampoo and bathing salt. "Let's light the candles," Vicky said. "Can we turn off the big lights?" "Dimmer," Gail said, turning a switch. "I think it's ready now." She pulled the sweater over her head and let the skirt fall to the floor. Fumbled with the bra straps, finally standing in blue panties with lace trimmings. Vicky wriggled out of her pants and revealed a tight white tanga; T–shirt and bra joined the heap. They looked at each other, feeling a little shy. Of course they had undressed and showered at school, but this moment felt much more intimate. "Come on," Gail said, stepping in. "Lovely!" There was plenty of room for both girls. Gail leaned back and let her curls float. The hot water lapped her breasts. Vicky dipped her hands and poured water on herself. "Like me to wash your hair?" she asked. Gail nodded. "Turn round. Yes. Lean back." Gail lifted her face, and Vicky shampooed her curls. Carefully she lowered Gail's head and rinsed out. "Lovely," Gail said. "Feels good to be treated like that. Want me to wash yours?" Vicky turned. Gail enjoyed letting her friend's hair slip between her fingers, it was so unlike her own. Vicky bent forward, submerging her head. "Please wash my back," she said. Hesitatingly Gail grabbed the soap and began working on her back. The slippery skin made her hand slide, and suddenly she felt the roundness of a breast. Vicky stiffened, then turned. "Front side, too." Gail started on her arms and shoulders, and stopped. "You have nice breasts." "You don't think they're too small?" Vicky said, blushing. "They're beautiful! May I?" Vicky nodded. Gail lathered her, and the small nipples hardened under her hands. She felt a strange sensation in her sex as she noticed it. Vicky looked down. Gail lathered herself as well, and turned on the shower to rinse them both. They lay side–by–side, silent for a while. "Feeling good?" Gail asked. "Yeah," Vicky sighed. "More hot water?" "Yesss, or should we get up now?" "You're not in a hurry, are you?" "Oh no." Gail turned on the tap, and they let the heat soak their bodies. The bubbles were almost gone, leaving their bodies visible. "Damn, I have to pee," Vicky said. "Maybe we'd better finish?" "Go in the water. I don't mind." "Well, I couldn't do that," Vicky said, surprised. "Oh yes. I do it often." "Sure?" "Absolutely. Just let go." Vicky concentrated. "Oh, it's coming!" Gail glanced down. She could see it spread between Vicky's legs, and again she felt the tingle. She wanted to pee, too. "Feel better?" Vicky smiled, blushing. "Great! I'm not bursting anymore. Did you see it?" "Faintly," Gail smiled back. "Want to watch me pee?" Vicky nodded softly. Gail spread her legs and let go a little. Vicky giggled: "Feeling hot in your panties?" "Not just in my panties!" Vicky bit her lip. "Mind if I ask you something?" "Go ahead!" "Do you sometimes – do it – when you bathe?" "Often. You?" "In the shower. We don't have a tub." "Pee in the shower, too?" "Yes." "There you are. It's the same in the tub. Oh, I peed again!" Gail put her hand on her sex. "Gail?" "Yes?" "Shall we – do it?" Gail replied by letting her hand slide under the elastic. Beside her Vicky did the same. Water lapped, the girls sighed, and they rubbed themselves to soft orgasms. "Peeing feels so good," Vicky said. "Don't you think so too?" Gail nodded. "Especially when I'm really bursting. It makes me kind of horny, even if I'm far from a bathroom and really in need." Vicky held her belly. "Ever wet yourself?" Gail looked down, embarrassed. "Uhuh. Last year." "What happened?" "Waiting for the bus. It never came! I wet my leggings and had to sit with my bag in my lap to hide it. Had to curl my legs all the way home. What about you?" "Too often. I can't sneeze without dribbling. And last week I peed my pants in the line for the bathroom at the club." Gail reached out and stroked her friend's small, hard–nippled breasts. "You make me horny, talking like that." Vicky touched Gail's lips. "I bet you're a good kisser." Gail did not answer, but didn't turn away as Vicky came closer. Soft girl lips met. They slid down in the water, embracing, pressing sex against sex. Gail held Vicky's round butt. "Want to get up," she whispered. "Do you want to lie in my bed?" Vicky nodded. They toweled off, stepped out of their wet panties, and ran to Gail's room, naked. Vicky jumped in and covered herself. Gail joined her, feeling the warmth from her friend's body. They lay in silence for a while, and then Vicky's hand found Gail's. "Feeling tense?" she asked. "A bit." "Never kissed another girl?" "No." Vicky laughed. "And I have never peed in a bathtub with somebody before." "Kissed anybody?" "Sometimes. Mostly for fun. But I've always enjoyed it." "I enjoyed it too," Gail said, looking at her. "Come on, then. Once again." Gail put her lips to Vicky's. Opened her mouth slowly and let her tongue meet her friend's. She felt a tingle in her fanny, and her nipples stiffened. "May I touch you?" Vicky asked. Gail nodded. A warm hand touched her belly, stroked carefully, and slid down to her curls. She opened her legs, and Vicky's hand cupped her mound. Gail nearly wet herself with lust. "Touch me if you want." Vicky lifted her knee and opened herself to Gail's fingers, slipping easily into her moist slit. "Feels good," she said. "Could we remove the sheets?" "Okay." Vicky pulled the sheets aside, and the girls studied each other. Vicky sat up, still cupping Gail's mound. "You're beautiful," she said. "Want me to do it to you?" Gail could only nod. Vicky had wonderful hands. "Lie on your back," Gail said. She knelt beside Vicky, caressing her with eyes and fingers. Small breasts, flat belly, narrow waist and a small patch of curls on her mound. Gail thought her lovely. She bent forward, licking Vicky's little breast while stroking her thigh. Vicky sighed. "I have to pee," she said. "Hold it," Gail said. "Let's go and pee later. Now I want to do it to you." She explored with eager fingers. It was unlike doing it herself, she felt Vicky react to other touches. She felt her own sex with her other hand; she didn't know girls could be that different. Suddenly she felt a warm spurt, and Vicky pressed her legs together and moaned. "Peeing myself," she said anxiously. Gail loved it. "She peed on my hand," she thought. "Vicky peed on my hand. Vicky peed while I was fondling her." "If you keep on doing that, I will wet your bed," Vicky continued. Gail didn't stop.
Aquarius next Aquarius story