The Incontinent Nudist Pt. 01
	A nudist woman comes to terms with her urinary incontinence.
Author: Pissfan1234

Susan Biggs had been a nudist as long as she could remember. Her parents raised her and her brother to live naked from birth and they took to it like ducks to water. She lived in a nudist community and was homeschooled from Kindergarten all through 12th grade. It was a bummer for Susan to have to be dressed all through college unless she was in her dorm room. After graduating from college, Susan moved back to the community and began to live & work naked there. As a nudist in her late-twenties, all was well in Susan's world. At least until one day at work, Susan felt she had used the bathroom more times than before.

She logged how many times she left her desk to pee and it was 17 times; she only left to pee 3 or 4 times before this day. Concerned, Susan made an appointment with her doctor for the next day, a good idea as she lost count of how many times she peed that night. At the doctor's, a fully-clothed Susan underwent a battery of tests, including giving urine and blood samples. The doctor returned after about an hour and his diagnosis was devastating: Susan had an overactive bladder which caused urinary incontinence, the uncontrollable leakage of urine.

"This can be managed with medication and perhaps incontinence underwear," the doctor said in an attempt to put Susan at ease, but it did little. Susan would have to wear incontinence underwear (aka adult diapers) to keep herself from soaking down everything around her but no garments were permitted at the community where she lived, not even incontinence products. Susan wasn't about to leave the community a give up the nudist lifestyle like her brother had years before.

Susan agreed with her doctor's orders while keeping her true feelings to herself. She got the prescription and went to a local pharmacy for her meds. As she left, she was tempted to pick up a package of adult diapers -- especially after nearing wetting herself in front of everyone there -- but decided against it; she wasn't about to risk her lifestyle. Susan instead drove back to the community and stopped by the entrance, where she stripped and squatted to pee beside the road. She arrived back, went into the house where she lived alone, and began looking into the problem she had.

Susan was reassured to learn that urinary incontinence brought on by an overactive bladder affects a lot of people, and began to think of how she would tell everyone she knew about her condition. It was then the need to pee came over her again. This time though, Susan couldn't make it to the toilet, she emptied her overactive bladder all over her living room carpet, leaving a puddle about the size of her 17-inch laptop. Dismayed, Susan got towels from the bathroom and began to sop up the mess she made. She then got her carpet cleaner to finish the job; the whole process took a little under an hour. With that accident, Susan knew giving up her nudist lifestyle and wearing diapers was quite a high possibility.

It was then her neighbor Lisa called. "Hey Sue, what's new?" Lisa asked.

"Oh the usual stuff, Lisa," Susan replied, not knowing if she should explain what was going on with her. "Just living the dream."

"Good," Lisa said, "you still down for tomorrow night's dance party at the community center?"

Susan forgot all about that, and she wouldn't hear the end of it if she had an accident in front of everyone dancing. Though it hurt her, Susan told Lisa: "Unfortunately no, Lisa. Some things came up that'll keep me away from it."

"Bummer, well good luck with everything," Lisa said in a disappointed voice. "I'll have a dance and a drink for you."

Susan said she appreciated that and hung up with Lisa, again feeling the urge to pee. She made it to the toilet this time and thought about what she would have to do to keep her embarrassing secret a secret. "I can't risk anyone seeing me have an accident," Susan thought to herself, "I think I'll have to start working from my home bathroom." That would work as Susan only processed outgoing mail for the community; it could be done online without any issues. Susan called her boss Sheryl and told her that she would have to work from home "for the foreseeable time."

Sheryl understood and asked Susan why this new arrangement was necessary; Susan replied that she would rather not say. Regardless, Sheryl was fine with Susan working from home and wished her a good night. With that taken care of, Susan turned her bed down, took her incontinence medication and brought a mop bucket into the bedroom to keep by her bedside for the inevitable late-night pees. With that, Susan went to bed. She needed to use the bucket twice that night but was just glad she didn't wet the bed; she was way past that phase. The next morning, Susan used the toilet, flushed the contents of the bucket, took her medication again, and logged into her workplace computer to get to work.

She kept the bucket beside her all day, sitting on it and letting her pee flow whenever she needed to go. It seemed like Susan had a solution to her problem but then came 1 PM. Around that time, she got a phone call from a mail driver requesting directions for the community pick up point. Susan got her map out of the kitchen drawer and began talking through the directions, but the driver was having trouble finding the exit the led to the community. A process that should've taken only a couple of minutes would up taking 20 minutes. The driver did find the entrance to the pickup point but by the time he did, Susan was desperate to pee again.

She was about to walk back to the bucket when sure enough, her bladder unloaded itself all over the kitchen floor. Susan was pissed -- pun somewhat intended -- and went to get her mop. Just as she finished though, Susan was struck another blow when she peed on the kitchen floor again. She couldn't believe it: she was taking her medication, relieving herself more often than she ever had before and she was leakier than collander. Slowly, the realization came to Susan: her incontinence was something she couldn't enjoy... or so she thought. After her back to back accidents in the kitchen, Susan was back at work when Sheryl said over their instant message app that she could log because it was a slow day.

Susan said okay, and with nothing else to do, began browsing on possible remedies for her incontinence. In her search, Susan somehow came across a porn website and saw a video titled: "Naked Woman Pees Without Noticing." Curious, Susan clicked on it. Throughout the 15-minute-long video, a naked blonde woman roughly the same age as Susan was peeing wherever she was at the time her floodgates opened, whether she was walking around her house, sitting & watching TV, or sleeping. Without thinking, Susan began masturbating as she watched the video; first slightly, and then intently.

By the time of the final pee in the video, Susan had climaxed and discovered she was turned on my other women peeing. "I wonder if my own peeing is a turn on too," Susan thought as she came up with a plan: when she had to pee again, she wouldn't think about it; she would just let things happen. In the meantime, Susan watched more pee porn videos and grew more aroused. Before she knew it, she had to pee and decided she would do it on the tile floor in the hallway. Susan carefully walked from the living room to the hallway and as she made her way down the hall, she began releasing her pee. She peed all the way down the hall and even halfway up the stairs.

After she was finished peeing, Susan was exhilarated at what she had done. She felt naughty and wanted to try peeing somewhere upstairs. This time, she decided to pee off her bed while watching TV there, so she laid on the bed and waited for the urge to strike, scrolling through the channels all the while. The urge began at the beginning of "Naked News," one of Susan's favorite shows. She held it for as long as she could until the news went to a story about public urinals being installed around Paris, France. As Naked News guest anchor Krysta was talking about how those public urinals would prevent public urination, Susan spread her legs, rolled over on her side, and let it flow onto the floor beside her bed.

Susan loved that too and masturbated all through the rest of "Naked News." She had orgasmed by the time the show was over and then had to pee again (orgasming made her need to go even before her incontinence diagnosis.) For this pee, she decided to see if she could pee in the toilet while standing up like a man. She went into the master bathroom, lifted the toilet seat, stood with her leg slightly apart, and let her pee flow out again. She got most of it in the toilet, but some sprayed on the floor around the base of the toilet. "I better practice that," Susan said to herself.

After her third naughty pee, Susan thought she had something about her incontinence she could enjoy. It felt good to pee wherever she was without worry. As Susan began to think though, was one problem arose: her house would smell like pee after a while. This meant Susan would have to clean up after every single pee and the carpets posed a real hurtle. Sure, she had a carpet cleaner, but it was heavy, cumbersome, and Susan didn't like having to use every time she soaked her carpets. With that, Susan decided to remove all the carpet from her house and replace it with synthetic wood immune to liquids -- including pee.

Susan spent the following Sunday (when no mail was going out) removing the carpets from her living room, bedrooms, basement, and home office. The following morning, Monday, Susan was carrying the carpet to the curb for the trash pickup when she had to pee again. Not wanting to be seen, she hid behind two trees to the side of her walkway and peed a strong stream in the dirt while standing; it was then that Susan learned that peeing outside was even more arousing than inside. She walked around to her backyard and sat by her pool to await her next pee urge. Susan applied sunscreen and thought she'd work on her tan.

The idea of being caught in her backyard wasn't a worry to her; everyone was at work at this time and Susan's boss Sheryl said she wasn't needed again, The curtains on all the houses were closed as everyone respected everyone else's privacy. So she laid on her pool chair and caught some rays. A half-hour later, Susan felt a familiar feeling: "Time to pee!" she said to herself. She got up from her sun chair, stood beside it and shot a nice clear stream across the pool deck; it looked about 5 feet long. Susan then laid back down on the chair and began touching herself. She had never done this before, so it was extra exciting for her to be masturbating outside without fear of getting caught.

Susan orgasmed after rubbing herself for about 25 minutes and had to pee again. She sat down beside the pool and peed into the water this time. After peeing in the pool, she swam around for roughly 20 minutes before deciding to go back inside. As she walked back into the house from her back deck, Susan had forgotten about how her urinary incontinence brought her down. She spent the rest of that Monday, walking around naked, peeing on her floors, cleaning up, and masturbating to pee porn videos. By working from home, Susan could enjoy this new fetish of hers without much worry. She also could use her bucket while sleeping, so her pee wouldn't irritate her skin overnight.

The one thing that concerned Susan though was having to go if she had company over. She obviously didn't want anyone to see her have an accident because she would then have to explain her condition, which some might not understand. Susan thought about this after soaking the living room floor from the couch early Tuesday morning. While she loved having friends over, she decided to wait until she could control her incontinence a little better. With that, Susan went back to her usual routine of processing outgoing mail, waiting until she had to go, and peeing from her desk chair all over her home office.

After another day of home pee fun, Susan had forgotten about how her urinary incontinence brought her down. Life gave her lemons, and she made lemonade. She became content with letting her bladder just release itself all over her house or out by her pool. Staying indoors also gave her a sense of security she had never felt before. Despite comfortable with being naked around her fellow nudists, Susan always wondered if they eyed her with the wrong intent. With her new arrangement though, everyone else would seldom see Susan now. "I wish I knew about pee fetishes sooner," she thought as she relieved herself in the toilet while standing one morning.

Susan has continued her life without much issue since her incontinence diagnosis. She still takes her medication -- her peeing would be far out of control otherwise -- but has fallen in love with turning her house into her personal "Pee Palace." She doesn't think twice about letting it flow wherever she is at the moment; over the side of the bed, from the couch, right on the floor, outside, etc. Before long, Susan had peed all over her house and had mastered the skill of peeing in the toilet while standing like a man. She soon wondered if men in her area were into peeing as well and if they'd be interested in her. She decided to try an experiment.
