Embarrassing Incident

By:  Sara

I've been single for a year or so now, and live in London, so often find it hard to meet people to go on dates with. I was telling my friend about this and she said I should try online dating. So I met this guy called Mike. We'd sent each other a few messages, he looked pretty attractive and we agreed to meet up for a date last weekend.

We met up in a coffee place in Soho. We were getting on pretty well, and stayed and chatted for a while, before I knew it we'd had two cups of coffee, which meant my bladder was filling up pretty quickly, especially after the large glass of water I'd had before I left my house. He suggested we went to an art gallery and I agreed without thinking about if I needed to pee or not.

Once we started walking, I realised I should've used the toilet before we left. The familiar pang in my small bladder was a reminder I wouldn't have very long before I was running for the toilet. I'd only just met him and I really liked him, so I didn't want to embarrass myself by telling him I had a weak bladder and I was going to need to pee pretty soon, or flood my pants. I calculated it'd be about a 10 minute walk to the gallery and that I could hold it until then, then I'd excuse myself, squirm off to the toilet and pee, hopefully without an accident. Because of my small bladder, sometimes I wear some form of protection, such as a pad in my knickers, or even a nappy if I'm going on a flight or a long car journey. But I'd decided against wearing a pad today as I was wearing a tight pink dress and grey leggings, and it would've been pretty obvious if I was wearing a bulky pad. The lack of protection was making me nervous, which was not helping my desperation.

We were walking at a pretty slow pace. I was trying to look relaxed, but it was really hard. He obviously noticed and asked why I was being so quiet. I tried to laugh it off and say I was just taking in the sights.

As we approached the gallery, my bladder was aching like mad. Luckily he didn't seem to notice that at every crossing I'd squeeze my legs together and bob up and down a bit.

We came up to a mini supermarket. "Can we just pop in and get a drink?" he asked. There was no way I could say no without looking weird, so reluctantly I went in with him. It felt like absolute torture. He was taking forever. He kept asking me questions about which drink he should get, but I couldn't concentrate. I could feel my face getting hot and I felt dizzy I needed to pee so badly. I just smiled at him. Then I noticed the queue was huge.

"It's a bit hot in here," I commented. "I'm just going to stand outside." I tried to smile. He nodded, with a look of slight confusion as it obviously wasn't that hot.

I rushed outside and crossed my legs as tightly as possible, jiggling from side to side, wishing he'd hurry up. I kept glancing over to see if the queue had moved, but it barely had. It only took him about 2 minutes to pay for the drink, but it felt like an eternity.

When he came out, I was still dry. By now I was practically dragging him to the gallery. I couldn't hide my desperation much longer.

"Are you ok?" he asked.

"I'll be honest," I murmured. "I'm really really REALLY desperate to pee."

He laughed a little. "Why didn't you say something?" He smiled at me. 

"Embarrassed I guess." I could barely talk. I wanted him to stop asking me stupid questions. "I'm sorry, can we just hurry up so I can use a toilet?"

"Sure," he laughed again. I wasn't finding it so funny.

We finally got to the gallery. "Toilets?" He grinned at me.

"YES!" I moaned.

There was an arrow sign posting the way, which made me nervous as it meant the toilets weren't close. I needed to know where they were just to give myself peace of mind, so as calmly as possible I walked up to an attendant, "Where are the toilets?" I asked, obviously desperate.

"They're on the west wing, on the other side of the gallery. Just go straight on."

I didn't like the sound of them being on the other side of the gallery.

By now I was squirming like mad. The gallery was packed. I'd pretty much forgotten about Mike. I just needed to find those toilets. In a queue of people, we were walking pretty slowly. "You ok?" Mike asked.

I shook my head. I knew it was too late. I squirmed and crossed my legs as a little squirt of hot piss wet my knickers. "Mike, I can't hold it!" I gasped. I was frozen to the spot as another squirt soaked my crotch.

"Yes you can," smiled Mike, "Come on." He tried to pull me along and a longer 2 second spurt created a small pee stain on my dress and wet the top of my thighs. He looked down and obviously noticed that it was too late. Another spurt shot out of my pussy and soaked my crotch and now started dripping on to the wooden floor. I grabbed my hot wet crotch, hoping to hold it in. By now people around us had noticed. This was so embarrassing. I was still desperately trying not to pee. I let out an audible moan as another longer spurt of pee left my pussy, now splattering on the floor and echoing around the room. I couldn't try and hold it any more. I squatted down and peed through my pants, leggings and dress onto the floor. I shut my eyes and peed really really hard. It seemed to go on for an eternity. When I opened them, I noticed everyone in the room was staring at me and an attendant was by my side. "I think it's time you left," he said.

"I'll take her home," said Mike. He grabbed my pee soaked hand and pulled me up. I was incredibly embarrassed and soaking wet. As we left the gallery it was so obvious what had happened. Mike put me on the tube and said goodbye. I tried to cover up the pee stains with my coat, but it was pretty obvious what had happened. I had to go all the way home soaking wet.

Funnily enough, I haven't heard from Mike since. Maybe one day I'll find a guy who's into wetting and won't mind if I wet myself in public. Until then, I guess I'll be embarrassed...
