Title: Foiling the Photographers
	Entry to: Month 14 18/07/1998.
By: Paul Tester

During the time that Henrietta Trebberton-Folkes had been working as personal assistant to a Very Famous Lady, the job had changed from a dream assignment with her idol to being an underpaid slave to a demanding bitch. Now, she was going to have the chance to get her own back on her, and be paid for doing it. Famous Lady was visiting an SAS survival group camped in a remote part of Dartmoor, accompanied only by Henrietta and the driver of their armoured Range Rover. Knowing that this camp had no toilet facilities, as it was part of a living off the land exercise, Henrietta had a deal with a group of tabloid photographers, where Famous Lady was given a dose of a diuretic on the way to the camp, and they would be hiding hear the camp to get a picture of the Lady relieving herself in the open air. If successful, Henrietta would get a substantial reward from the photographers, as well as the satisfaction of seeing her employer embarrassed.

They were nearing the camp site, and VFL, wearing jeans and sweater, had been given the diuretic 45 minutes ago, so it should have been starting to take effect. As she ran through the details of the visit, Henrietta could not detect any signs of desperation in her; she made a point of emphasising that this was a "basic, survival camp with no un-necessary facilities," but still there was no reaction. 

It wasn't until VFL had been walking about the camp for 10 or 15 minutes, guided by the SAS Major in charge, that Henrietta began to detect that she was becoming desperate. Nothing very obvious, but if you knew what to look for, then the signs were there. The Famous Lady was crossing her legs more often when standing still, and when she crossed them, she was pressing her thighs together. As she walked, she was often tensing her buttock muscles, and one hand was often either pressed into the pocket of her jeans or resting on her abdomen, just about where her bladder would be hurting if it was very full. Henrietta was delighted that the diuretic was working so well, and took sadistic pleasure in watching her employer, as during the next 20 minutes she looked steadily more uncomfortable and stressed, while doing her best to disguise her problem.

While The Lady, legs tightly crossed, was talking to some of the men, the Major asked Henrietta if the was time for them to demonstrate their rain-water collection and ground water purification system. "Yes," Henrietta replied, delighted at this, "the visit is scheduled to last another 10 minutes, and I am sure that Her Ladyship would be most interested in this part of your survival exercise. She would probably like to sample the water you produce," she added maliciously.  

Henrietta noted with delight that her employer frowned very anxiously when the Major approached her, pressing her knees together and curtseying ever so slightly, and looking longingly at the Range Rover, obviously hoping for the end of the visit. As they walked over the moor to the stream, VFL had both hands in her jeans pockets, pulling the jeans up, and perhaps away from her body, in a manner that might have meant she was cold, but to Henrietta, showed her increasing desperation. According to the photographers who had given her the diuretic, by now the Famous Lady should have been wetting her knickers, and she hoped that the stream would be the last straw that would bring her to the point where she just had to pee, either squatting in the open, or down the legs of her jeans. One photograph of either was going to bring her more than a month's wages, as well as the pleasure of getting her own back for all the rudeness she had suffered over the last year.

The Famous Lady feigned some interest in the water purification, though her legs were now very tightly crossed and she was constantly fidgeting about and either putting her hand in her pocket or holding her abdomen as if it was hurting. Her voice was sometimes sounding strained, particularly when she sipped delicately at the water the Major offered her, trying to remain polite while not wanting even a single drop more water in her body if she could avoid it. 

Finally the visit was over and the entire squad of officers and men accompanied her to the Range Rover to see her off. Henrietta was dismayed at this, as she had been thinking that if they were alone, then her employer might have squatted behind the Rover for the pee she so badly needed, providing the photo opportunity they had been waiting for. However, this was not to be, and after hand-shakes all round, the Famous Lady climbed into the back of the Rover, and Henrietta told the driver to head back to civilisation and their next engagement. In the back of the extended Range Rover they were screened by dark glass all round, including the partition between the back seat and the driver. The Very Famous Lady had crossed her legs as soon as she was seated, and they had not gone more than 10 yards when she pressed both hands between her legs and doubled over.

"Henrietta, you must find me a loo quickly! Oh God! I'm so desperate I'm going to burst if I don't pee soon." 

There was no doubt about her condition now. 

She was pressing between her legs as hard as she could, using both hands to exert the maximum pressure against her crutch, while also twisting her legs together as tightly as she could. Henrietta consulted the map, trying to remain casual and indifferent, hoping to prolong her employer's plight as long as possible, so that even if she had not peed in the open, she would have wet jeans when she got out of the Rover. The Famous Lady continued to groan in desperation, squirming about on the seat, trying to find a position that would put least strain on her bladder. She undid her belt and pulled down the zip fly of her jeans, revealing a pair of pink knickers, and also allowing her bladder to bulge out, no longer constrained by her tight jeans. One hand was now inside her jeans, pressing frantically against her crutch, fingers moving to try to get the most effective pressure against her pee hole, while her other hand was alternating between cradling her bulging bladder and exerting more pressure on her crutch

"Quickly Henrietta, quickly!" she gasped, " I don't know what is a matter with me, but I have never, ever, wanted the loo as badly as I do now. I don't know how I managed to survive to the end of that visit, I was nearly wetting myself at the end. Now I must go! Oh how I want to go, I can't wait much longer." Her crutch holding and contortions made it clear that she was not exaggerating her need. Despite being responsible, Henrietta could not help admiring the way her employer was managing to hold on with a bladder stretched to the point when most people would have wet themselves long ago. Now her jeans were undone, she could see just how swollen the Famous Lady's abdomen was; it wasn't that the diuretic had not worked, she had simply forced herself to hold more pee than anyone had imagined she was capable of.

"Shall I tell the driver to pull over, so you can pee by the back wheel?" Henrietta asked, mindful that she still had to provide a photo of her employer peeing.

"You know I cannot go in public like that," she replied, groaning and working her fingers hard against her crutch at the thought of a pee. "You have got to find me somewhere private, a house or pub or somewhere with a proper loo. Oh quick! Quick! I can't hold it any longer."

Henrietta showed her the map. "There is nowhere on this track for at least 15 minutes at the speed we are going, and the driver can't go much faster until the road gets better."

As if to prove the point, the Rover hit a series of pot-holes, the jolts making the Lady wince and gasp, doubling up as she fought to hold back her pee. 

"You must find me somewhere!" She was almost screaming with desperation now, "That's what you are paid for, so do something quickly, I can't suffer like this much more."

Before Henrietta could think of a suitable reply to this petulant outburst, her employer had gasped "Oh No!" twice, and was trying to find some way of applying even more pressure to her crutch, as the urge to pee became uncontrollable. In a last frantic attempt to hold out, she grabbed a packet of tissues and jammed the lot inside her knickers, pushing them against her pee hole. 

"I can't hold it back any more, I can't stop it, I'm leaking!" she wailed. She must have hoped that she could regain control after just one leak, which the tissues might have absorbed, but despite fighting with all her might, the Famous Lady was discovering that every bladder has a limit, and that once you lose control and start leaking, it is almost impossible to stop. The agony of her bladder, and the effort she was making to control it, showed on the Lady's face, as she made one last great effort to hold back her pee. Then she realised that it was futile, she had simply gone beyond her limit and burst, and nothing could stop her now.

"This is your fault. You couldn't find me a loo, so you can clear this up." She snapped at Henrietta, as she pulled down her jeans and knickers and squat between the seat and the partition, close against one door, immediately letting go a blast of pee. She was groaning with relief, and desperation, as she tried to keep some control over her stream, letting out high pressure spurts mingled with slower streams as she tried to stop, before finally succumbing to her desire and emptying her bladder in one long, long stream. The floor of the Rover was flooded, the pee running from side to side as the vehicle swayed over the rough track. The Famous Lady's bladder, stretched to its absolute limit, had held an incredible volume of pee, and Henrietta had to crack open one door to allow it to run out, though there was still a huge puddle round the Lady's feet, soaking her shoes, as she finally finished.

"Give me more tissues," she demanded as she dried herself, and then pulled up her knickers and jeans. "My knickers are wet, I'll just have to put a lot of tissues over them and hope nothing shows on my jeans. Oh the relief, I don't know what was wrong with me, but I have never wanted to loo like that before. You had better get this cleared up, and make sure the driver does not say anything about it. Tell him it was you that had to pee, or make up some story about spilling some water. If a word of this gets out, you are finished, be sure of that." The old, bitchy Famous Lady was showing through again, now she was no longer in such distress. 

"You may threaten," thought Henrietta, "and I might not get the money for a photo of you peeing, but I made you suffer more than you ever have before, and I know that in the end, you simply could not hold it, and started wetting your pants." She hoped that despite the tissues, there would be a wet patch on the Lady's jeans, and wondered if her press friends would want to buy the story of the Famous Lady's pee in the back of a Range Rover. With luck, she could get a photo of the wet floor, and even if her employer's jeans were not wet, her shoes were, and they would smell of pee. Overall, it had most definitely been an enjoyable morning; would there be a chance to repeat it, she wondered.

Paul Tester, June 1998.

Author's note:

This story was originally written about one particular Famous Lady, who was named throughout the text.  The name has been removed, and the story made more general and less effective, at the request of the Web Site Owner, who feared that naming such a famous and popular person in an adverse situation might cause his site to be shut down. Readers who think they know who the Famous Lady was originally meant to be, or want to know, and read the original, un-abridged story, should contact me directly, as I can see nothing against private e-mails describing a fantasy where a particular Famous Lady wets her knickers.

She showed particular dedication to her public duty, becoming particularly desperate while managing to avoid the personal disgrace of a photograph depicting her piss despoiled clothes.

It would seem that Mega-bytes of Web space can be devoted to praising a person, but 20 Kilo-bytes describing her incredible bladder endurance is going to cause all sorts of trouble.
