Stories: Nightclub Blues
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Tracy and Tina were ready to go to the nightclub in the town centre. They were well dressed, Tracy in her black silky dress and matching high-heels, Tina with a blue top and black knee-length skirt and dark blue high-heels.

When they got to the club, they saw most of the people dancing.

“Looks busy tonight,” said Tracy.

“Yes, it sure does,” replied Tina. “It might be a good night for us.”

They had not seen any handsome men yet, so they walked over to the bar to have a couple of drinks, always mixtures with alcohol, soft drink and mixers. After a while, they got to the dance floor and strutted their stuff with the others.

“Hey Tina, look at this guy!” said Tracy.

“Where?” asked Tina.

They looked at this tall, tanned, blond-haired man, with muscles to match. He was at the other end of the bar. He looked at them and started to walk over.

“Hi,” he said. “You’ve been here before?”

“Yeah,” replied Tracy.

“Want to dance?” the man said.

“Sure,” said Tracy, and they both went to dance, leaving Tina on her own. She needed to go to the toilet, so when she went there, a long queue of ladies needing to go…. or just to do some make up? Tina seen the queue not move for ten minutes and now she was bursting. She was pacing and hopping on one foot. After another ten minutes, she went back to the bar to order a shandy, which she drank quickly.

Tina saw her friend Tracy dancing with the handsome blond guy….. she was jealous of her mate and at that point was paying more attention to them than her bursting bladder. She then found a discreet corner and started to hold herself through her skirt. She still needed to go badly, but saw the long queue of ladies still needing the toilet. She grabbed herself tightly in the hope that the pain in her bladder would subside a little. Suddenly, Tracy called to her.

“Hey Tina, the guy wants to dance with you.”

“I-I-I can’t, I-”

“Come on, don’t be shy, come over here.”

Tina tried to compose herself and walked over to Tracy and the man. the song, Lady In Red by Chris de Burgh, was playing. Both Tina and the man were now embracing each other on the dance floor. She wanted the dance to happen, however, her pleasure was interrupted by her needing to use the toilet. She started to shake and fidget.

“What’s wrong?” the man asked.

“E-er, nothing, just tired,” Tina lied. She managed to stay composed throughout the dance. When the song finished, she made a quick, desperate dash to the toilets. She felt pee was beginning to seep through her knickers, so when she got into a cubicle, she just lifted up her skirt, stood over the toilet, and let go.

The pee gushed out of her knickers and splashed into the toilet. It seemed to take forever when somebody started banging on the door.

“Hurry up, I need to go too!” a voice shouted. When Tina finished and cleaned herself up, she opened the door to see Tracy standing there, clutching herself and needing to go.

