Friday Night Concert. By - Christy
	Date: Wed, 14 Feb 1996
By Christy

I had scored two tickets to see my girlfriend's favourite rock band Friday night. When I told her she was thrilled as she had never been to a 
concert before. We both eagerly waited for the week to end, and finally it was Friday. We left for the show about an hour and half 
early as the show was general admission and we wanted to get up close. I had brought along several six-packs of ice cold beer, of which we 
quickly downed several beers each while waiting in line to get in to see the show. Julie soon had to go to the bathroom but there was no where 
to go, until we were inside the arena.

The girls behind us suggested to her that she go squat behind a car in the parking lot, as that was what 
they had just done. They offered to hold our place in line for us. Julie, I could tell, was not too keen on this idea as she had always been 
extremely private about such matters. We still had at least a half an hour until the doors opened and we were allowed to go inside, and I 
could tell she would not make it that long. Julie finally decided that she had better go to the parking lot as suggested, and asked me to come 
along as a lookout. She found a dark area behind two parked trucks that seemed private enough and unbuttoned her tight faded blue jeans. Julie 
told me to keep a careful eye out for anyone comming to close while she peed.

 (Little did she know I really wanted to see her pee more than play lookout for her). She pushed down her jeans and cotton panties and 
went into a squat as I stared at her. She looked so sexy in that  position! Suddenly she erupted a noisy yellow gusher of hot pee from 
her crotch that seemed to go on and on, wow, she really did have to go. 

After several minutes the stream slowed into a trickle then it stopped. Julie quickly wiped herself with a kleenex and pulled up her jeans "Did anybody see me?" she asked. "No, only me." I replied.

We found our spot back in line after going by my car to retrieve a six-pack. We thanked the girls for holding our place and gave them each a cold beer. Soon the beers were empty and the doors opened we rushed in with the rest of the crowd and got up close, though there were no seats  on the arena floor, Julie didn't seem to mind as she was so close she could almost touch the stage. Before the show started I went to use the  bathroom myself and get a couple more beers.

Julie seemed to be having a really good time during the concert, we were pretty high thanks to all of the the beer and the pot being passed around, so I was surprised when she suggested we leave during the first encore song. "Come on Julie the band will play at least two or three more songs" I told her. "Let's 
wait until the show is over, OK?" Julie said she really needed to pee again. She demonstrated this point by squeezing her crotch with her 
hand as she shifted her weight from foot to foot. I asked her to try to hold it for another ten minutes but she said she didn't think she could 
wait that long. I took her hand and began to leave the arena floor. 

Julie went up the steps in front of me and I could tell by the small steps she was taking and the way she kept squeezing her thighs together 
that she really did have to go bad! We finally reached the lobby and began to head towards the ladies room but as we approached it I saw a line of at least twenty women stretching out into the hallway. Julie saw this also and grabbed her crotch as she had done earlier and crossed her legs tightly. "There is no way I can wait" she said with great urgency in her voice "What about the men's room?"

But it also had the same line stretching into the hallway. Julie began walking towards the exit slowly at first then almost running with me in tow. I looked down 
at her ass in those tight faded blue jeans and noticed a small wet spot forming at the crotch and slowly moving down her thighs. Once outside 
she grabbed my hand and pulled me over to the wall.

"Oh my god, I'm wetting my pants" she cried. I looked down towards her crotch and saw the light blue denim of her jeans darken around her hand, then she 
slowly spread her legs slightly and the wetness spread outwards and traveled down her inseams towards the ground. Her face was red and she was crying. I felt bad for her embarrassment, but little did she know that she was providing me with my secret fantasy of watching a girl wet herself in front of me! The urine was now pouring down her legs and forming a small amber lake around her soaked tennis shoes.

Several people leaving the show had stopped to watch this spectacle. How often does one get the chance to see a beautiful young girl wet her pants in 
public? For me it wasn't the first time I had ever seen it happen but I had never been so close to a real accident before or known the victim on a personal level. I overheard several comments from the small crowd gathered to watch our spectacle.

"Gross" one girl said. "What a baby" said another. I noticed several guys straining to get a better look. Julie grabbed my hand and began pulling me to our car leaving a dripping trail down the sidewalk. "Oh my god I can't believe it, I just couldn't help it I had to go so bad and it just started to come out. I can't believe I wet my pants like a baby." She was still crying so I tried to console her "Relax Julie everyone has wet their their pants at least once. Even I have before." I said. That seemed to make her feel better, she stopped crying and began laughing

"You have not," she countered. "Yes I have." "When?" she asked.
