Title: Revenge

By: Frodo

Lyle said he was working late again last night, but when Sarah drove by his office, all the lights were out. She was convinced that he was seeing someone else, and any day now he'd drop the bomb. "A good offense is the best defense," thought Sarah. "We'll see who drops the first bomb."

Sarah had been instantly attracted to Lyle. He was handsome, nicely-built, well-dressed, and confident. Even in T-shirt and jeans he always looked sharp, and now Sarah realized that he was much too interested in his appearance. Everything he did and said was for show. Women were drawn to him, but he pretended not to notice when she was with him. Sarah knew that he was now noticing someone other than her. "Small loss," she thought. "He's a lousy lover." And she was angry.

Sarah's younger brother, Michael, confirmed that Lyle had been seen with other women, so it was easy to recruit his help in teaching Lyle a lesson he would not soon forget. Together they hatched a plan that would be worthy of that old TV series, "Mission Impossible".

Tonight was the annual gathering of Lyle's important clients at the posh apartment of his employer. Sarah, who was a shapely, raven-haired beauty, would be expected at Lyle's elbow, decked out in her finest designer outfit as an example of his prowess and charm.

In preparation for this evening, Sarah hadn't had anything to drink all afternoon. While she was dressing, she munched on salty crackers. Her throat was dry, but the result would be worth the discomfort. She made a quick phone call to her brother, who would be at the appointed place as planned.

Lyle arrived at her apartment right on time, impeccably dressed for the gathering of his employer and clients, all of whom he wanted to impress. They climbed into his red Corvette and headed toward the city. They were early, so Sarah suggested that they stop at a bar they knew that was just across the park from their ultimate destination.

They sat at a quiet corner table, and Sarah took the initiative to order beer for both of them. It was an obscure imported brand that Lyle professed to enjoy, principally because it was the beer that his employer drank. Sarah drank hers rather quickly and ordered a second round. Saying that she was nervous about this important dinner party, Sarah soon ordered a third beer for both of them. Somewhat surprised at this new, aggressive drinking style, Lyle had to chug down the last of his second beer before the third arrived.

Their glasses were almost empty and Sarah saw Lyle glance toward the rest rooms. Looking at her watch and jumping up, she announced that they'd be late. She dropped two twenties on the table, grabbed Lyle by the elbow and hustled him out the door. "It will be faster if we leave the car in the parking garage here and walk across the park," she suggested.

She chose a well-lighted raised path with a number of pedestrians. There were no trees to dart behind, no concealing shrubbery. Lyle appeared uncomfortable and walked at a rapid pace, Sarah nearly running to keep up. They arrived at the elegant apartment building and entered the lobby within ten minutes. There was a special elevator reserved for the penthouse apartment. Sarah looked around and realized that the lobby was empty. But for her plan to work there had to be other people!

Sarah dropped her purse and items scattered about on the floor. She purposely kicked her keys under a table as she reached down to pick up her possessions. Lyle started to bend to help her, then seemed to reconsider. Seeming to be unable to find her keys, Sarah delayed their entry into the elevator for another few moments until a dignified, elderly couple walked into the lobby. Scooping up her keys, Sarah and Lyle entered the cramped elevator car with the older couple.

Sarah chose the spot next to the floor buttons and the emergency telephone. She was able to lightly jiggle this instrument off its cradle twice without anyone noticing. The elderly gentleman was behind her and she had been able to maneuver Lyle to the rear of the car behind the elegantly-dressed woman, a position he was glad to take so that furtive squeezes to his crotch area would not be noticed. She pressed the penthouse button, the doors closed, and the car began its ascent.

Just a bit short of its destination, the elevator lurched to a halt. Sarah punched the buttons labeled "penthouse" and "lobby" to no effect. She picked up the emergency telephone and soon was explaining their dilemma to the person at the other end. When she was through, she carefully replaced the phone just off its cradle so that the connection was not broken, then related to the others that the elevator engineer would be out within minutes to fix the problem. Lyle was shifting from foot to foot, squeezing himself with greater frequency and urgency. Sarah kept her smile to herself. The three large beers had barely satisfied her dehydrated body's needs and she felt little discomfort.

Down in the basement of the apartment building, Michael was monitoring the conversation in the elevator through the tap he had used to intercept the emergency call. There would be no engineer arriving, and the power to the elevator motor would not be restored until he threw the switch.

Minutes passed, and Lyle's distress was very obvious to Sarah. The older couple continued to face forward, so it was not apparent to them. They all exchanged small talk, Lyle becoming more quiet as he concentrated on containing the increasing pressure within. More minutes passed.

Suddenly, Lyle moaned, "Oh, God!" as urine began to stain the front of his expensive trousers. It seeped, then spurted through his clutching fingers. It sprayed outward, soaking the back of the elderly woman's dress. Her husband shouted angrily at Lyle, and at this point the elevator sprang to life. It rose to the penthouse level and the doors opened onto the foyer of the apartment where several of the guests were conversing.

Out from the elevator came the shrieking woman and her shouting husband. Everyone in the foyer gaped at Lyle, his fashionable suit soaked with urine, his hand still futilely gripping his crotch. There were gasps of horror and cries of outrage. In all the confusion, Sarah slipped into the stairwell and descended to the lobby. Lyle, frozen in terror, remained framed in the open doors as everyone crowded into the foyer in response to the noise. It was fitting that among the guests was his latest conquest.

Outside in the darkness, Sarah and Michael exchanged a warm, familial hug and then headed for Michael's car.

