All Day Desperation 1
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by BryannaC on July 9th, 2010 at 3:40AM

Hi this is my first story ever. Its really in detail because I enjoyed this day so much I want you to.enjoy!

A few monthes ago my bf and I had planned a day of "fun" he knew my wild kink of holding and he loves it aswell. So before I went to bed that night I drank a litre of water and went to bed.I woke up at 2 in the morning with an urge but I ignored it got up got a drink of water and went to bed.he grabbed my waist and whispered where I had been I explained my bladder woke me but I didn't go but drank instead He approved and we went back to sleep. I stayed asleep till I woke up at 9 next to the bed was a cup of coffee and a half bottle of water.

There was a sheet of paper under them it read drink these and no peeing. I did as my note said when he got home he informed me that he went and filled the car with gas and pulled money from the bank for our play day. My bladder was feeling fine not bursting but a little uncomfortable. Jake(bf) then instructed me to change into my tightest jeans and a skintight shirt and his favorite panties. The ones I wore when we first had our wet fun.I did and immidietly felt more uncomfortable he presented me with another litre and 2 water bottles.I grabbed my purse and hopped in the car as I sat the button of my jeans dug into my lower abdomen I rubbed it grabbing the litre refexivley I sipped it and before I knew it it was half empty I stopped putting it down.

My bladder was getting pretty uncomfortable but I had been holding for 10 hours I squeezed my thighs to ease the pressure. He noticed my discomfort and cleared his throat. He said Bry I have a few rules you have to follow today. I nodded sqeezing a little tighter one I wasn't allowed to hold myself in the stores. When we went out to dinner I had to drink 2 glasses of wine. I accepted because I figured I had no other choice. We stopped at the mall first he handed me the half litre I drank it quickly. I pressed a hand firmly to my crotch leaning forward.you murmer my name to remind me I suck in a short breath hobbling out of the car.he takes my hand and I try to look like I'm not dieing for a ****.

We walk in and the cold air slaps me on the face I shiver sending shock waves to my bladder it twinged my free hand flies down there to stem the threatening stream. He pulld it away.we start shopping and for a while I forget. Till he purposly walkd me past the restrooms we're hidden for the most part. I've now been holding for 15 hours without his permission I rub my small swollen abdomen and keep my hand on my crotch to rub. We finish shopping and decide to go driveing for a while we head up the road, me sitting on my foot and rocking back and fourth trying to stay comfortable. I unbotton my pants and rub my crotch. I'd never been this desperate I had drank a little over a litre and a half I was full. 

He kept asking me if I liked water falls and the smooth feel of rivers and raging waves of oceans the fast pace water comes out of the faucet. I bounce the heel of my foot and not relaxing my poor mussles at all. We drive.untill 7 at night only 19 hours in. I began to leak into my panties I begged and begged him to let me go in an empty bottle just a cup or to just to ease the pressure. Finally he agreed he found a cup in the back seat I pull my pants down a bit and he rests a finger on my pee hole. He says.. I will control how much you let out. I relax but nothing comes out it just dribbles and dribbles he smirks. And says well I guess you don't have to go that bad.

I moan pleading you to give me a second chance, by now we were parked in a resturaunt parking lot. Jake tells me no that I should have but now I'd have to wait moaning and reluctantly I buttoned my pants and hobbled out of the car. In the rersturaunt we ordered 2 glasses of wine. I had to drink mine right away eat dinner drink another. I had fullfilled my goals but not jake... Under the table my hand is clutching my crotch. He notices and tells me to have both hands above the table. He orders 2 more drinks 1 for him and 1 for me. I drink both of ours by his demand. Now I was absolutly bursting to pee. I started to cry. Jake I.need to pee soo bad can we please go home after what seems like forever he agreed and we go home.

An 1 hour drive home and I've been holding 21 hours I unbutton my pants and rub frantically almost feeling the releif that was comming. We pulled in to our drive way and he has to carry me in I cross my legs and shove both hands in my crotch rubbing frantically. All the pee loaded in me is being held at the lips. My bladder pulses and throbs I'm moaning every few. Seconds and pull the key out and opens the door. He sets me on my feet jolting the car sized mussle between my hips. Be careful I almost wet myself I shout I scramble to the bathroom door. And to my great displeasure its locked. I moan and a spurt of pee jets out I moan holding myself he pickd me up and carryd me to our room on your bed for sets of cuffs.

You lay me gently on the bed and put each limb in a cuff till I'm an X I try my best to hold it. You pull your clothes off and plunge into me so hard and aroused I didn't know it was possible. Your rock hard **** jabs my bladder over and over suddenly pee starts squirting out you press a finger to my vulva. I'm in control tonight. I scream in pleasure and pain after your done you sit on my bladder bulge that made me look 3 monthes pregnant holding my pee hole. You watch tv the whoole time I'm writhing in pleasure and pain he whispered in my ear that I've almost went 24 hours I watch the clock you let go of my pee hole and begin thrusting. My bladder dribbles he press it and finally the 3 minit gushing golden stream stops he was wet and enjoying it he unlockd me and we had our greatest wet sex yet.

That day changed my female desperation life forever. Hope you enjoyed it 

