I rented a room in an apartment. The landlady was a woman in her early forties. She was divorced, her son studied in a foreign university and she lived alone. Her name was Debby. I have very good memories of her and from this period of my life. She was definitely a modern woman with modern thinking. In spite of the fact that she was almost twenty years older than me we became good friends and shared a lot of interests. She cared a lot about her appearance, always dressed in stylish clothes, suits with trousers or skirts and looked much younger.
On this particular Friday evening she came from work and quickly prepared for a company dinner. As might be expected for such occasion, she was in a suit with the skirt above the knee, beige pantyhose and boots. To be honest, she looked more sexy than most of the girls of my age. This evening I also had an appointment to go to a disco. So later, about eleven o'clock, I went to meet my friends.
It was about twelve o'clock when we were at the disco and enjoying the night, when I felt a vibration from my cell phone. I looked at it and saw that it was Debby. I didn't expect to hear from her at this time, so I quickly moved to a quiet place to have a conversation with her. She apologized for interrupting me, but she was involved in a bad situation – she came home from the dinner and was surprised to find that she had left her keys in her other handbag. Now she was waiting in front of the door, unable to come in and then quietly added that she had a strong need to use the toilet. I heard the concern in her voice and said to her that I was going to catch a taxi and would be there right away. She thanked me a lot and confirmed again that she had to pee really badly, so it would be great if I could come as soon as possible. I understood immediately her predicament, especially when I saw on my phone that I had two more missed calls from her.
I excused myself to my friends and said that I needed to go home for some emergency and I would be back in thirty minutes. I took a taxi and began thinking about her. She had twice said to me in the conversation that she had to pee, which let me know that she really was in a desperate situation, probably by now she was hopping from foot to foot in her skirt suit.
I already had seen her in desperate situations in the past. Once she was coming home from somewhere, and was making a pee dance in the hall, while she was unbuttoning and taking off her coat, complaining to me about how much she had to wee.
Another time we had dinner together at home while having long conversations about life. After a while I noticed her fidgeting on the stool. We kept talking and her fidgeting became more and more visible. She put her hand between her crossed legs in a discreet manner, but I really don't know why she didn't just go to the toilet. Finally I decided to ask her if she had to pee. She smiled at me and said that the situation is now an emergency and then she made a mad dash to the toilet. I noticed that she was holding herself in the crotch area on the way.
So, I was travelling in the taxi and could only imagine what she was doing now. Probably she was holding herself on the staircase, making endless circles in place, changing from foot to foot and waiting for me with great impatience. The journey was going to take me about twenty minutes, but there was no way to get there any faster. A little bit latter she called me again and asked me if I was on the way. I told her that I was in the taxi and would be there in fifteen minutes. She asked me again to come as soon as possible. After this call there wasn't any doubt at all to me that I was going to see an incredible pee dance from Debby. It really turned me on. She was going to look even sexier in that situation.
Finally I arrived at our block and quickly stepped into the lift. I was very turned on, my heart was beating, but at the same time I sympathized with her struggling and I was a little bit confused. The lift stopped on the floor. I opened the door and to my surprise she was not there. I looked around to see if she was on the staircase, and I overheard click–clacks from boots and Debby appeared coming from a small niche between this floor and the one below.
Debby climbed the stairs slowly, and didn't look as desperate as I expected. But she looked embarrassed and just a second later I looked at her legs and I was shocked. Her beige pantyhose had thick dark stripes around the knees and lower on down, ending at her boots. Her boots also were wet and there was a visible track of water on the staircase, approaching the niche between the floors.
I froze and didn't know what to say. She probably felt my astonished gaze and said, "You don't need to hurry."
"What happened, Debby?" – I asked slightly confused.
"I couldn't manage to hold it and ...you see. I peed myself".
"Did I take a long time?"– I asked her, showing sympathy for her.
She said not to worry– too late, it already happened. It was her fault for forgetting the keys.
We walked inside the apartment. She mumbled that she was all wet. She removed only the coat and walked into the bathroom still wearing her boots. I saw the back of her– the sight was incredible! She really was all wet. The pantyhose had solid dark stain especially on the inner side of the legs. It looked like she was peeing herself with legs together. The skirt was black, but also was visible that the pee was flowing through it. Probably she was in a half squatted position, during peeing, I supposed. Many times I thought about it and analyzed the details about her accident.
While she was cleaning up in the bathroom I was in the living room and could hardly concentrate on anything else. I decided not to return to the disco. So, I started watching TV, trying to think of anything else, but I couldn't. Fifteen minutes later Debby came in. Now she was freshly dressed and looked relieved; she even slightly smiled.
"How was the party?" – I tried not show my interest about her accident.
"Not bad– just an ordinary dinner with my colleagues. But I ruined your plans for the evening."
"No problem, don't worry. It can happen to anyone. I'm sorry that I was not able to be there on time. The taxi driver drove as fast as he could, but I was almost on the opposite side of the city."
"Did you explain to the driver what is the reason you were in a hurry?"
"No, of course. I won't tell anyone about this."
"Please, don't tell. Let it stay between us."
"Don't worry, Debby. How long did you have to wait for me? I saw that I had two missed calls before. I didn't hear you when I was inside the disco."
"It was not so long before. I started to call you uninterruptedly after I arrived, hoping that you would answer me and you are nearby."
"When did you realize that you forgot the keys?"
"Here, in front of the door. I wanted to kill myself when I found out. I had to pee so badly. I didn't go to the toilet at the restaurant all evening. I don't know why. At the end of the dinner I had to pee, but decided to hold it till I got home. On the whole way back, my bladder was filling up really fast. I was constantly thinking about how when I reach home I'm going to pee and then I can't get in."
"And you started searching for the keys in the whole bag.
"I quickly realized that the keys remained in other handbag... and realized that I was going to pee myself. Really, it was unavoidable."
"Why didn't you try to find some secluded place to squat?
"I couldn't move anywhere. I thought about squatting between the floors but was so scared that someone could see me. I was hoping to make it till the last moment."
"When you called me for the second time, I realized that the situation was serious."
"Yes, it was. I had just started to dribble in my pants and moved between the floors to hide myself if someone opened the door."
"Just there you could have squatted, in the niche, nobody would have seen you..."
"Yes but... I didn't reach the niche at all. I was going down the stairs, when it suddenly just happened."
"You lost control on the steps?"
"Yes. It started to escape from me and then it just came pouring down my legs. I couldn't stop it. I moved inside the niche and there I made a big puddle."
"You completely had peed, there?"
"Yes, I was doing it at all in my pants– just like a baby. It was so embarrassing!"
"Don't worry, it could happen to anyone."
I sympathized with her. We continued chatting about different things. It was very tempting for me to find out more, but I decided not to embarrass her and didn't want to show my excitement. But this will stay for a long time in my memory.
By: Ultrafan