This story is fiction.
Hi, I'm Renee, a 28–year–old chemist with Everett Pharmaceuticals. I first saw Gabriele at the company ladies' softball game. She was medium tall, like me, mid twenties with short red hair, and she was clearly unsure of herself as she stood there while sides were being chosen. But I noticed something else besides her shyness. Her thighs and biceps looked strong...this woman worked out. No one else seemed to notice though, and she was chosen last by the other team.
She did not play until the last two innings. At bat with one out and a runner on first, she swings well and hits the ball hard. But it is right at our second baseman who catches it and then catches the runner off first...inning over. Bottom of the last inning: I'm on second, she's playing right and the ball is hit over first. I see it's going to fall and take off. She charges the ball, then slows and plays it on the bounce as I cruse around third for an easy score and the win. And then she airmails the ball home! If it's on line I'm dead, but it's just a bit left and I score. After our team finishes congratulating itself I see her teammates only give her a few pats on the back. I wonder if they even know she gave them a chance to win...twice.
After the game most of the women head back to the office, but a half dozen of us decide to shower first. I am glad she is one of them. I want to tell her that at least I know she played well. It is one of those old, open shower rooms, and the six of us troop in buck–naked. Opportunities to see this many women naked are rare, and I enjoy my shower very much. After my shower I walk towards her and I can't help staring. She has the hairiest dark red bush I have ever seen, and I love it. And then I notice she is gawking at my gorgeous body. We have both been caught staring. She turns away in embarrassment, and I get a feeling she is gay. I do not see her again for over two weeks.
On a Saturday morning a group of company people are gathered to share rides to the Westport Jazz and Beer Festival, about 100 miles away. Only six show up, but she is one of them, and I arrange for her to come with me. Her name is Gabriele. "I'm Renee," I say. I can't believe the coincidence. "You know about Xena," she says, and we give each other a high five. It turns out she works in sales but has been having problems making her quotas. Most of the women at the ball game were in sales, which explains why she was not so popular. She has a degree in computer systems, but could not find a job in that field.
Then we talk about baseball, something we both love. She played in high school and me in college. It's easy to talk with her, and even though Gabriele is shy, she has become comfortable with me. I start getting a good feeling about her. But then she becomes quiet. "I heard you're a lesbian," she finally says.
"Yes, I am. You?"
"No," she says, then adds, "I don't think I am. I mean, I've never, you know..."
"But you've been attracted to women?" Gabriele's silence speaks volumes. It is going to be an interesting day. At the festival we each have a couple of large beers at the Beer Garden, and then go to a concert. After an hour we both need to pee, but the music is great and we wait as long as possible. But finally we are both bursting and head for the ladies' bathroom. And then we get a shock.
There is a line of at least 50 women, and it is moving so slowly that I know I will never make it. Gabriele admits that she is also about ready to wet herself, and I begin to think about finding a place to hide. And then we hear two young women start to cry, and as we watch huge wet stains form in their crouches and flow downward. OK, now you all need to know that there is nothing I find more intensely attractive than a good looking women bursting to piss. I take Gabriele's hand and she holds on tight. "We better get out of here before we do that," she finally says, but I want to see more women wet and I ask her to try to hold out a little longer. She sees the gleam in my eyes and agrees. In the next ten minutes three more women pee themselves, and Gabriele is as interested in it as I am.
And then, a great looking blond– not ten feet from us starts jumping around and clutching her pussy– "I don't give a shit. I am not ruining these pants," she says. Then she steps out of the line, yanks her pants down and cuts loose with the hardest girl piss I have ever seen. I feel sorry for her, and can almost physically feel her frantic desperation. She also has me about ready to come. I mean; her cunt is just hanging out there for the whole world to see. We have an incredible view of her show, and Gabriele is absolutely gawking and holding my hand so tight it hurts. Than she starts to hold her pussy with her other hand, and I am not sure if it is to keep her piss in or for something else.
"Please Renee, we have to find some place to go NOW!" We leave the line and walk towards the edge of the fair grounds, but there is no place to hide, just some open areas with fewer people. We walk another hundred yards but I have to piss so badly I start to leak with every step. I just cannot walk anymore. I grab myself. "I'm sorry, I can't hold it in any more. I have to go...here." I feel bad about it, but my pussy is about to explode. "You go on, I'll wait for you."
Gabriele looks around. At least there are only a few people nearby. "No. I'll do it here." I take her hand and get down on my knees. She does the same and we look at the bare ground below us. We both know what is going to happen next. We spread our legs and I pull her toward me. We are both wearing shorts, and each of us moves our bare thigh under the other's pussy. I form a vivid mental picture of the desperation going on inside Gabriele's shorts. We hold hands and just look at each other, as if we are performing some erotic ritual. I am trying to hold my flow back until Gabriele starts, but I am leaking like a sieve and I wonder if Gabriele can feel my pee on her thigh. But she is still dry.
"I don't know if I can do this," she almost cries. "I want to go so bad it hurts, but I just can't let it out."
"Sure you can. Have you ever wet your pants before?" She nods yes. "Where were you?"
"At a big frat party. We were all out on the lawn drinking beer, and there were just no bathrooms. All of the girls wound up peeing their pants," she adds shyly.
"Just think about how good it felt when you finally let it out. It felt wonderful, didn't it?"
Gabriele nods yes as she thinks about it, "second best feeling in the world," and she smiles and relaxes. "Thank you," she whispers. I look at her crotch as a dark stain expands. Now both of us totally cut loose, and I feel my own hot flood engulf my bottom. It is the most exquisite relief. Soon it is pouring out of our shorts and we both feel a torrent of the others piss on our thigh. As we watch the yellowish floods Gabriele moves forward a bit, and I meet her with a gentle kiss. Soon we are hugging and kissing passionately as we flood each other. After about a minute our flows begin to ebb, and I take the biggest chance of my life. I move my hand to Gabriele's pussy. She looks at me in surprise but does not stop me. Then I rub her once...twice...and she gasps and becomes rigid. I have never seen a women climax so quickly; she must have been absolutely ready to pop.
I start rubbing her pussy again. "Please, you do me," I beg, and she moves her hand to my soaking cunt. Now, I have been masturbated by my share of women, but doing it like this, in public with Gabriele while pissing my shorts, it is absolute ecstasy. I come hard. Gabriele and I carefully study each other's face as we bring each other off to at least five incredible orgasms. Then we stop and to catch our breath as release the last of our piss, and we just look at each other.
Gabriele finally speaks. "And that is the first best feeling," she smiles weakly. "Wow, my first girl sex."
"Heck of a first lesbian experience!"
"My mom always said, if your going to do something, you may as well do it right," We both laugh. Then Gabriele thinks for a moment. "I guess I really am gay or bi or something like that."
"Yeah, I think you are," and I hold her hand. "Are you OK about this? We can talk if you want."
She thinks for a moment. "Maybe later." We kiss again, and then Gabriele looks at her shorts. "I guess we should leave...we are both soaked."
But I didn't want to leave, so we go over to a souvenir stand and I buy two extra large festival tee shirts. They covered us to just below our butts. "See, no one can see what we did."
Gabriele smiles. "If we're careful we can pee in these anytime we want and no one will know." We walk around the different booths for a while, and then head for the Beer Garden. Gabriele stops near a tree and looks around cautiously. Not many people, so she edges her T–shirt up and spreads her legs a bit. And then she has herself a very nice piss in her shorts! Her legs and sandals get soaked, but no one seems to notice except me. "It works," she says. "Your turn."
Damn, I am really starting to like her. It has been at least 30 minutes since my last piss so I am ready to go. It feels great. I feel totally liberated, free to pee anywhere I want, just like a guy.
We each have a few more beers. "Ammunition" Gabriele says. "So, do you want to hear some music?"
"We could, or..." I hesitated, but what the hell. "Or we could go back to the ladies' room line."
"Renee, you are BAD," Gabriele scolds, "bad, bad lesbian." But she doesn't say no.
Back in the bathroom line we see girls piss in their pants, piss in their shorts, piss standing up, piss squatting down, and one 30–something yanks her pants down and pisses bearing all. Then a group of five women break away and head behind the bathroom building, so we join them and get outstanding straight in pussy shots of these desperate women. But then it gets dark and the show ends.
We walk by an empty lawn area and Gabriele takes my hand and leads me in. Then she lies down on the dark lawn and I lay next to her. We kiss and I start thinking about her fabulous red pussy. Hey, I have to see if it's still there, right? So I slide my hand into her underpants...it's still there. My fingers move through her thick pubic hair, soaking wet from her piss and come. I find her slit and move my finger in, and then rest it on her hardened clit. I start rubbing her and bring her off several times, then Gabriele smiles and floods her genitals and my hand with a long burst of warm pee.
We roll over and Gabriele moves her hand into my undies as she presses her pussy into my thigh. Her fingers move through my soaked, crankily bush and slide up my hole. It feels so good. I try to hold my climax in; I really do, because that makes it even better when you do come. But she keeps pumping her fingers into my poor vagina, and then I can hold it in no longer and I come on her fingers as Gabriele stiffens and comes on my thigh. Then I feel like pissing again, beer does that to you, and I let go into her hand. The wet warmth feels incredible and I come again. Then we just hug and kiss for a long time.
We leave and clean up as well as we can at a water fountain, then we get take–out rib dinners. We decide to cut back on the beer and only get one. Than we sit down at a picnic table and Gabriele starts to tell me about herself. She has known since high school that she was attracted to women, but she also liked men so she just dated guys and avoided the problem. But she could never find a really good, long lasting relationship with a man, and she began to think more and more about women. "And then when I saw you and found out you were gay, God, I wanted to meet you so bad," she said.
"Oh. What did you like the best?" I say to lighten things up.
"Besides you being a blond with a really cute pony tail? Your breasts– they are just so perfect and perky," she touches my shirt.
"It's OK," I say, and I guide her hand under my top and let her pet me.
Gabriele kisses me as she plays with my boobs. "And what did you like about me?"
I feel myself blush a little, "your bush. I just love girls with a hairy pussy."
We start talking about other things, and I think Gabriele is feeling all right about being bi, at least for now. Then she starts pressing her legs together. "I guess we better find another tree," she says, but I guide her onto my lap facing me. I don't have to tell her what to do next, and soon her flood of warmth engulfs my pussy and legs, and I hear a deep sigh of relief from Gabriele.
"Feeling better?" I ask. "Why yes," she laughs, "Thank you."
Than it's my turn to pee on her lap, and as I do she starts petting my perky boobs again. I love it. This has got to be one of the nicest ways for a girl to pee with another girl.
We talk for a long time about many things. It is just so easy to talk with her and be with her. I've never felt such good vibrations with a woman. We are both feeling this incredible connection. That is what has made doing the other things together so special. Then Gabriele gets serious again. "You know Renee, I've never done anything like this before. I'm really not like this. I guess the beer and being with you had made me kind of crazy today."
"I know you are just cutting loose for today." But I also know this is a hidden part of her real self. I take her hand. "I haven't really done these things before, at least not in public." Now I get serious. "Look, it really helps if you can talk to someone about being attracted to women. I just want you to know, no matter what happens to us dating wise, I will always be there for you if you want to just talk to about this. I swear– I will never leave you hanging."
Gabriele leans over and kisses me. "I know."
I am beginning to really understand Gabriele. On the surface she is quiet, but a little below the surface she is also intelligent and sexy and fun. She has her issues, everyone does, and she is shy around people she doesn't know. That is probably why she is having problems with sales. Gabriele really just wants to be happy and loved. I look at her and smile; there is just something about her. Then it hits me; she is a woman ready to love. She will be a clingy lover. That's a little scary, but after all of my playing around, also kind of appealing. I began to think of ways to get her into my department as an analyst.
Most of the people have left the picnic area and are at the main arena for the big evening Jazz show. We talk some more but finally decide we really should go and listen to some Jazz. Of course it is a mob scene. There are about twenty rows of seats in front of the stage, and then a huge 'standing room only' area behind that. We pee our shorts again and then wade in.
At first we can't see a thing. But we slowly edge our way forward until there are only six people in front of us and we can actually see the stage. And then I begin to feel it. I had hoped I had peed out most of the beer in me, but no such luck. In a matter of ten minutes I go from comfortable to nearly bursting for a piss. My need comes in waves, and I can barely hold in the last one. I hate to leave, but no way am I going to wet myself in this crowd. I turn to Gabriele and I see we are in big trouble. She is holding herself and grimacing. "I'm sorry," she almost cries, "I should have told you sooner."
I look at the wall of people around us. "Anything I can do?" I ask lamely.
"Oh God, just hold me." We hug tightly and she presses her pussy against my thigh. Then Gabriele's warm piss starts flooding down my leg, and it feels wonderful. I remember this is part of my favorite masturbation fantasy, to be holding a beautiful girl frantic to piss. But the fantasy does not include this crowd or me also being desperate. And by now my own pussy is screaming for relief. What else can I do? Gabriele's hug and pee feel SO warm. I slide my hand to her ass and press my poor cunt into her thigh, and then I piss and piss and piss.
This would be incredibly erotic if it were not for the crowd, I think, and then I realize the crowd makes it even more so. We continue to hug and piss, and try not to look at the people. As Gabriele's flow slows I feel her almost imperceptibly rub her pussy against my thigh. I can't believe it, but as her body stiffens there is no doubt. What kind of a slut is she? And now I feel my own clit pressed against her thigh and popping up like a button. I am almost ready to climax, and unless I pull back, right now, I will. But I DO NOT WANT TO STOP. I don't know what to do, and then it's too late for me. I pull in on Gabriele's ass and climax hard on her thigh, and she comes again on me.
I look at the people, and they are looking back at us. We tried to be discreet, sort of, and I wonder how much they saw. We walk away and then Gabriele and I just look at each other. I am appalled at what we, I, have done, and part of me just wants to run away. But a much bigger part of me wants to take Gabriele home and fuck her brains out. I look in her eyes and there is fear. We are both afraid the other is going to run. I know that if Gabriele is ever going to end this and demand to leave it will be now. But her look slowly changes to a smile...no one is running, and then she kisses me.
I can't believe this red haired nymph I am with. Can any women possibly be this horny, this gay, in public? Yes, I think...me. Damn, I could be in for a hell of a ride with her. We stay at the concert, and as people begin to leave we get some good seats, and yes, we piss our shorts again. The concert is great, and we stay till almost midnight, then on the way to the parking lot we actually use the Ladies' Room. In the car we both feel wasted and decide rest a little while.
Gabriele looks at me, concerned. "I didn't think of this before, but do you have a girlfriend?"
"No," I say, "but this redhead I just met is looking promising. Do you have a boyfriend?"
"Not really," and she looks at me. "You know Renee, this could get serious."
I nod, "I hope so." I can't believe I said that, but it is the absolute truth.
Gabriele gently strokes my face, "Me too."
Rainy