Tunnelview

(Female Desperation)

Written by D. N.

It was during a trip to Switzerland this happened. I had been to this hotel for quite some years, but this year was special because I had brought a girlfriend with me. Let's call her Eileen.

In a little white van we had driven several miles, and now, sitting here at this rest stop, our destination was near. On the map, it was only a few miles before we would reach our hotel, but from past years I knew that those miles were the hardest ones. It was a long, winding road, going steep up in the mountains. Very narrow with dangerous corners, so stopping your vehicle was an immense risk. During this time of year there would be quite some traffic too, so I estimated it would be quite some time before we would reach the hotel.

I didn't tell anything of this to Eileen, who was drinking quite happily from a large coke on this warm and sunny day. She looked quite cute in her loose top and light coloured shorts, smiling because the end was near. At least she thought so, and because of that she wasn't careful anymore in her drinking habits. I knew from other trips with her she was always cautious not to drink too much before long trips. Could create a nice situation...

After we finished our drinks, we continued our journey and pretty soon, the road was going upwards. The motor of our little van got tortured to get us all up and I told Eileen the dangers of stopping along this kind of roads. Not only because of the risk of accidents, but also there might be a possibility our van wouldn't start again on steep stopes like this.

In concentration we climbed the mountain, corner after corner. We didn't say much, mostly comments on the traffic situation or the fabulous view we had from our position. I think it must have been after about an hour, Eileen first mentioned something about her bladder condition. I had almost forgotten about it, but my mind was immediately awake again. She asked me how long this road went on, and I estimated half an hour for her. She sighed and said she wouldn't have drunk so much coke if she had knew the trip would take so long. I grinned to her, saying we were almost there. I didn't mention any solution, and from my previous stories she knew there was no way we could stop.

After about ten minutes we reached a flatter part of the road, and I stopped behind a long line of cars that was waiting there. In front of us was the large black hole of a tunnel through an impressive mountain. You had to pay to use this tunnel, so all the tourists were waiting there while the cars were checked by policemen and the pay was received. It didn't went very fast, and about ten cars were still in front of us.

This pause in our trip gave me the opportunity to take a better look at my girlfriend. She was sitting quite straight in her seat, her tighs pressed closely together with her hands folded between them. Meanwhile she was looking at the cars and the policemen quite concentrated. I whistled a bit, listening to a silly song on the radio. It was quite abrupt she suddenly spoke:

"This is going to take a while; I think im going to pay those rocks over there a visit."

She was looking at some large rocks behind the small building where the policemen were housed. I frowned, looking confused at her. She looked me in the eye and said:

"I really need a bathroom. I'm just going to hop behind one of those rocks. Don't think I can keep it up otherwise."

She tried to smile while she was saying this, but I could see the serious frown in her brow. She was quite discreet in her need, but a good watcher could see that her tighs were clenched hard and there was a lot of tension in her body. I laughed a bit at her statement, hoping she would find it a ridiculous plan, but she didn't pay any attention to it. Quickly she opened the door and stepped out of the van. With one hand over her stomach, she starded to hobble over the rocky stones to her shelter. I stared at her beautiful rounded behind, and was getting exciting images in my mind of her sitting behind those rocks.

But she did not get that far, because one of the policemen came to her, his arms waving in the air. I saw Eileen pointing to the rocks, but he nodded quite aggressively and pointed her back to the van. Eileen turned around and came back to me with a disturbed look on her face. She jumped back into the van and slammed the door angrily.

"Those damn cops wont let anybody get out of their cars! Security reasons, they say!" After that she folded her two arms around her stomach and bent slightly forward with that same frown on her face.

"Owwww, and I need to pee so bad; it's really starting to hurt!"

I just reacted with some negative comments to those policemen, but my heart was pounding wildly at her words. I even felt a swelling in my crotch, knowing my dear female friend was getting into this desperate situation! I mumbled some comforting words that it wouldn't take long anymore, but it was like all words were wiped from my head.

"Okay, guess I will have to bite my teeth again and hold it then!"

She said it with determination while she put one leg over the other, her hands between them. She took a deep breath, sighed and looked to the slow moving cars. This was something I had seen with some women I had been with: first there was an urgent pee, but no possibility to go. Then they got that fatalistic look on their faces, just holding it back, gritting their teeth, not saying much. When you got home with them, they would go in straight line to the bathroom, peeing instantly when their bums would touch the toilet seat. I guessed this event would end the same way, and I planned following close by her when we would arrive at the hotel.

I think we waited about twenty minutes in that line, and during that time we barely spoke a word. Luckily the radio brought some distraction. In the meanwhile her position didn't change much: she kept being in a tensed posture, her legs wrapped around each other, one hand between them, the other pushing into the seat. I didn't dare to ask or say much because I could feel the tension in the air, and also, I did not want to attract any attention to that little bulge in my trousers. And then we were finally moving again. Not one word she had mentioned about her need, nor had she tried to find another opportunity to pee. Now we dived into the darkness of the long tunnel hole. The van lightened up periodically, each time we passed a large white lamp in the ceiling. I kept an eye on her while I was driving, and I was happy the darkness didn't made that too obvious.

Suddenly I saw her move from her fixed position. She unwrapped her legs and put them next to each other. I heard her blowing air through her lips while she bent over, her hands grabbing the sides of her seat. She stayed in that position for a few seconds, and then straightened up again, stretching her back. Her hand slid over her lower stomach and I heard a little groan escape from her mouth. Immediately I felt my excitement pushing against my pants again.

"Still okay?", I asked to her.

She sighed, bending forward a little again, grabbing her knees.

"I really, really have to go ..."

She almost whispered it, not looking at me, but staring at the road in front of us. I was planning to say something, when she straightened up again with a painful look on her face.

"Oh, man ..."

Her hand went to her stomach again, but lower this time, almost in her crotch. Thousands of thoughts were racing through my mind, and I wasn't capable to say anything. My excitement blurred my brains and I was happy we were on a straight road with not much traffic on it.

Suddenly she swept her left leg on top of her right, and wrapped her arms around her knees, while hissing violently through her teeth. I almost couldn't concentrate on the road anymore, and my speed dropped while I was watching her in amazement. She abruptly closed her lips, stopping the hissing which went into a sort of long, silent groaning.

But then I heard a soft hissing again, only, it wasn't from her lips. I just could not believe it! It was like time stood still for a moment and the world moved into slow motion. Then she suddenly let out a sharp gasp, followed by a long and painful groan. Now a strong and forceful hiss was clearly audible, only seconds later followed by the sound of droplets falling on the cabin floor. It quickly swelled to the sound of a little waterfall raining down at the back of her seat.

I just don't know how long she sat there, wetting her seat and shorts with tremendous force. It was like the world had disappeared around me, clouded by the trembling excitement that went through my whole body. It all seemed like an eternity: she just completely emptied her bladder, not being able to stop it.

It was the light that slapped us in the face after we left the tunnel, that waked us up again. Her face was bright red with tension and emberassment. She wasn't crying, but then again she wasn't far off it too. None of us two did know what to say. She was just sighing, her hand still on her stomach.

Afterwards I thought of all kind of things to say to her, but we did the last part of our trip in silence. It was as if we were a couple after some bitter argument, with some stupid radio song playing in the background. I kept my eyes on the road, not even daring to check my crotch where the swelling still had not subsided. I think we both tried to do as if nothing had happened, but the sharp scent of so desperately held pee kept us in reality. She did not let it show, but it must have been a real humiliation to her, constantly reminding her of her accident and my knowledge about it.

Only when we arrived at the hotel, she spoke a few words.

"I'm going to take the blanket from the back seat ..."

I only mumbled yes while she stepped out and wrapped the blanket around her waist. I still see that flash of her soaking wet shorts that clinged around her bum and upper tighs. The surface of the seat was darkened with her pee and behind it you could clearly see the puddle she made there. She didn't look at it, but went straight in, and it was only when she disappeared in her room that I started breathing again.

