Spandex Road Trip
	Girlfriends take a spandex road trip, and hold in their pee.
Author: SoftPressure

Angelica was in a tight bind. She--with long brown hair and tan skin--was tied up in the trunk of a car, wearing a catsuit, and struggling with a bursting bladder. This will last for at least four more hours, and she was there by choice!

That morning, her friends, who were also wearing catsuits due to their shared interest, were getting ready to leave on their road trip. They woke Angelica and said they'd be leaving in an hour. Angelica agreed. She packed up her things, but having not had a good night's sleep, decided to lay down again for a few minutes. She was soon out cold.

As the other girls were getting into the car to leave, they noticed Angelica wasn't there. They went back to find her still sleeping! "Angelica! We're getting in the car. Are you coming, or what?" Caroline asked. Caroline was also into wearing corsets, and had one on over her black catsuit.

"Huh? Oh, no! I'm ready. I just laid back down and must've fallen back asleep. Just let me grab my bag. Could you help me lace up my corset quick?" Angelica placed it over herself as her friend assisted her, quickly drawing it in tight, letting it some frustration as they rushed. Then she got her bag, slipped on her 4" heels, and they went out to the car.

"I think it's only fair that Angelica take the trunk shift today. Don't you girls think that's fair?" Everyone agreed with Caroline, and Angelica had to accept. There were six of them, so one person always rode in the trunk with the luggage. To keep the feminine body stable for safety, they tied ankles and wrists to the four corners of the trunk. Angelica was no exception.

The trunk clinked shut. Angelica tried moving, but her wrists and ankles were stuck to the walls. The engine revved, and soon they were off. Angelica tried to get some more sleep, but with all the bouncing and the tight pressure from the corset boning she could not drift off. Then she realized she hadn't peed that morning! They would probably be on the road for three or four hours and she was already bursting for a pee! Calm down, I can do this. She thought. The spandex and corset pressing in, she couldn't hold herself or clench her legs together, and the car was bouncing up and down along the road. This was going to be a long day...

"Caroline, do you think she peed this morning? If she hasn't, these last three hours have probably been a little bit unpleasant for her."

"Amber, of course she peed. She's fine. You have nothing to worry about." I know she didn't pee, and I'll do whatever I can to keep us on the road.

Four hours in they stopped for a pee break and to refill the gas tank. "Hey, who wants the next shift?" No answer. "What if we just left Angelica in there? I'm sure she wouldn't mind taking one for the team after making us wait for her this morning."

"That's a bit harsh, but I suppose. I don't want to take it." Everyone agreed.

I'm so excited I made it to our first stop without releasing. Finally, some relief. Hmm... I wonder why it's taking them so long to come and get me. Suddenly the engine started up again, and the car began to speed up. It gained and Angelica heard it go back on the interstate. They left me in here! Oh no... She struggled against the ties but it was no use. Safety first, right? I guess I'll just have to buckle down and hold it, thankful that I'm safe, beautiful, and strong-willed. At least I'm comfortable in my spandex catsuit. The skin-tight material caused some friction and a burst of pleasure ran over her body. She smiled, but was instantly reminded of her full bladder by a jolt due to a lane change. She gasped and tried to take a deep breath, but that only pressed her stomach against the extra tight corset. Ugh, I'll give them an earful later.

Three more hours passed. The car slowed and came to a stop, and then started again, and then stopped again. This repeated itself for awhile. We must be in a traffic jam. Perfect. Angelica was still struggling against the bonds, but they wouldn't break. She was still immobilized as the urge to pee grew incessantly. She wriggled back and forth doing everything she could to hold it in. I can't pee all over our luggage. All my catsuits would get wet and be disgusting. I must hold on! The tight spandex catsuit pressed in on her delicate body from all angles, and the corset compressed her bladder constantly. It took all her effort to hold on.

Eventually they finally arrived at their hotel for the night. The trunk clinked open. "How could you! You left me in here all day! I'm thirsty, hungry, and I'm desperate to pee. Untie me!"

"Okay, fine." Caroline walked over slowly and untied her bonds. Angelica jumped up and rushed into the hotel to use the restroom. Unfortunately, there was no restroom for the public. She would have to wait until they checked in. The girls were talking about where to get dinner while nonchalantly getting their luggage out.

"Guys, c'mon. The only bathroom I can use is the one in our room. Hurry up!" They quickened. As they waited in line, they noticed everyone was looking at the gorgeous girls in catsuits. The girls were all jealous and the guys were wondering what stroke of fortune had brought them this sight. Of course Angelica couldn't let people know that she had to pee. So she maintained composure and stood straight up and waited patiently. Tapping her foot a few times, subtly though. Eventually they got in an elevator to go up to their room on the sixth floor. Angelica was frantic now. "Once we get to the room, I'm using the restroom. Nobody try to stop me!" Caroline was disappointed that this might come to an end. They walked into the room, and Angelica made for the bathroom. "Would someone please help me with my corset and zipper?" Stephanie did and Angelica found relief.

She came back into the bedroom and Stephanie helped her zip and lace up again. "Ah, that was wonderful." Angelica said as she fell back onto the plush bed and cushions. "What now?"

"How long were you holding it?" Stephanie asked.

"Well, since I forgot this morning and you deprived me all day, it's been a good 18 hours. I guess I can be proud I have such control over myself, but I barely made it." Angelica mused.

Caroline saw her opportunity to get her friends into a desperation scenario. "What if we all tried to have control like Angelica?" Please work.

"Like a holding contest?"

"Precisely. Everyone pees now, we lock our corsets over our catsuits, eat dinner, go to bed, and leave tomorrow. First to ask for relief loses. Second, etc. What do you think?"

"We could try it." They all agreed, since Caroline functioned as the leader. Except Angelica.

"Why would I agree to this after what you just put me through?"

Caroline worried. Uh-oh, please don't ruin this for me. "What if we gave you the keys? You would be in control and could back out yourself anytime and give up (not that you'd want to). That way we couldn't keep you, and you could return the favor and we try to live up to your standard."

"I like that." This is how I can get revenge. Everyone agreed.

The next morning, Angelica let herself into the shower, changed, and peed.

"We can't shower or change." They had all slept in the catsuits they wore the previous day and now couldn't unlock their corsets without Angelica's permission. "And Angelica could shower, change, and pee!" This is unfair.

"Now, this is what we agreed to. Angelica loses, but gets to monitor the rest of the contest. Nobody's giving up first thing in the morning, are they?" No response. I am so enjoying this. Caroline had a twinge in her bladder, but had more practice than the rest of them, most of whom had begun squirming already. "Let's go eat breakfast." They headed down to the lobby to eat.

An hour later they checked out and went to the car, Angelica still holding all the keys. "I can drive. Who's taking the trunk shift?" Nobody responded.

Stephanie suggested. "I think Caroline should. Since this game is her idea, let's give her the hardest time." Caroline protested, but all others agreed. She got strapped in, twelve hours of pee inside her petite, restrained body, and off they went. As soon as they were on the highway, Stephanie said, "Caroline was the one who left you in yesterday. It was her idea and we all went along with it because we didn't want the trunk shift. Sorry."

Angelica was angry, but thankful to know. "Thanks, is that why you wanted her in there today?"

"Yeah, you can leave her there all day if you want!"

"That's the plan." Angelica smiled. The others were relieved, but still nervous, since they hadn't peed. They were just as desperate as the girl tied up in the trunk.

The first time they stopped for gas, the ladies room was closed for cleaning. They got drinks and snacks and had to just keep going, leaving Caroline in the trunk ignorant of their plight. She was struggling to maintain composure. In the driver's seat, Angelica was having the time of her life, although slightly needing to pee herself now. With a full tank of gas, it should be a few hours before they needed to stop again, and she was determined to drive until the empty light was on.

As they reached that point, everyone was moaning in desperation. One of the girls had had an orgasm or two, but wouldn't admit it even though she had made eye contact with Angelica through the mirror.

Eventually, Angelica had to pull over. She did so at an old looking gas station, which might have unusable bathrooms. "Okay everyone, I'm going to fill up but that will only take a few minutes. Any losers yet?" Rachel and Jessica decided to go see if the bathroom was working. It was and they relieved themselves. Stephanie let Caroline out of the trunk, and Rachel took her place, being one of the two to have an empty bladder. Then the three desperate ones and Jessica got back in the car to finish the last 2 or so hours of driving to their next destination.
