Pee In the Park
	A woman plans a wet tryst in the park.
Author: B_Couric

I know it's a really common fetish, so here'a a short little watersports tale, just to see if I could do it.

--------

"Are you tapping your foot again Monique? My desk is shaking. What is wrong with you girl?"

"Sorry," Monique stopped, she didn't want to bother her co-worker at the next desk. She'd been nervous all morning. She'd dressed up for her rendezvous, but had to keep it work friendly. She looked down at her legs, her black stockings contrasting with her navy blue dress suit. She hardly ever wore three inch heels but today she made an exception. I must be going crazy, she thought to herself.

She chose a coffee shop four blocks from the office. It was far enough away that her office-mates probably wouldn't even see her with James, and it was close to the creek which had a walking trail next to it. As she made the trip in her heels, she wondered if maybe that wasn't such a great idea, but there was no getting out of it now. She clutched her purse strap, extra stockings and panties inside. Be prepared, she thought. It was almost noon, and she'd cleared her schedule until 2 p.m.

When she arrived, he was already there, sipping a drink at an outside table.

"Thanks for meeting me," she greeted him as he stood up she gave him a small hug. He looked as good as he did when she first met him.

"Are you kidding me? I'm glad you called," James looked down at her. "Want to get something?" She went inside and placed an order coming back with a latte.

"I wonder if Lisa would be angry with us," Monique asked as she sat down.

"It didn't work out between us. She broke up with me, it's over."

"Look, um, there's a reason I wanted to meet you," she ran a lacquered fingernail around the rim of her coffee cup and looked at him. "I know why you broke up."

"You do?" James was clearly guarded.

Monique slowly nodded, giving him a little half smile, "We girlfriends share everything."

"I'm sorry," James shifted in his seat, crossing his legs. "Um, okay. I don't really know what to say."

"Can we go for a walk? I don't really want to discuss this around here."

Monique led him to the park, and he chivalrously held her hand as she descended the slate steps. They made small talk about the weather and her job. She'd known James from his brief time going out with her friend Lisa. They weren't complete strangers but it was easy to make casual conversation.

As they walked, she contemplated the feeling in her bladder. If this didn't go well, she might be kind of screwed, but before she committed to her plan, she had to know, to hear it from him. She looked around, nobody seemed to be on the path and she pointed to a wooden bench and they sat down. It was time to address the elephant in the room.

"Lisa told me your little fetish that drove her crazy."

James looked down at her. "Okay, so what did she tell you?" He couldn't bear to be open about it to Monique. She was beautiful and he didn't want to ruin his chances, but here she was putting him on the spot. He was confused.

"Enough," she answered. "But I wanted to ask you if it was true. Do you like," she paused, "peeing?" She giggled and her heart skipped as she asked.

He put his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. "I can't fucking believe you're asking me about this. Honestly, I hate this about myself. I wish I were different. You know, I was kind of hoping we could maybe go out, date, but now you bring this up –"

She was grinning inside, her heart doing somersaults. She reached out and put a hand around his back, a clear sign of affection. He raised his head up and looked at her, almost in shock. "Buck up kiddo, today is your lucky day," she smiled.

He chuckled, "What the eff are you talking about?" unbelieving of the situation.

"Stand up," she told him, and she held out her hand. He took it. She led him off the path behind some bushes. The this summer foliage concealed them from prying eyes. She was ready to burst, the feeling between her legs tingly. "Come here," she said, hanging her purse on a branch, leaning back against a tree. She couldn't believe the moment had arrived.

"Kiss me," she asked. "Just kiss me."

"What?" he looked around, and leaned in and kissed her. He pulled her into him as they went like this for a couple of minutes. She felt his hardness through his jeans.

"Touch me," she whispered, ready.

He hesitated.

"Come here I said," and she pulled him close and raised her skirt. She pulled his hand between her legs. She'd squatted slightly, not wanting to ruin her shoes.

He swallowed hard as he allowed her to take his hand and press against the nylon between her legs. "Yes," she whispered and she closed her eyes, concentrating. Now was the time.

A warm flow spread out, more than she anticipated and she bit her lip, pulling her skirt up higher, not wanting to wet it before she went back to the office. She had completely misjudged it, the liquid attracted to her stocking, making it pour down her legs, the pitter-patter of the larger drops hitting the dirt and leaves around her feet.

His fingers pressed in, feeling the warm dampness. As soon as he felt it he understood. He spread his fingers out, feeling the flow from within her groin. With his other hand he reached around and felt her ass, the warm urine soaking the nylon where her ass cheeks met her legs. He rubbed. "This is incredible," he whispered into her ear.

She leaned back, breathing heavily, her eyes closed as the tickle on her warm wet clit transformed into a thrilling wave, rising through the center of her body. Her bladder was now empty, but she enjoyed the feeling of the wetness, the perversion. He pulled her nylons down slightly and slid his hand within, his fingers running through her pubic hair before touching the nub of her clit. Against she pressed his fingers into herself. He massaged her clit with base of his finger as the rest of it slid inside her. She convulsed happily, inhaling sharply as the radiance pulsed through her body. "Oh God, yes," she whispered and she held James' hand between her legs. Now her clit throbbed, and her nerves tingled and she yearned to feel him inside her.

She opened her eyes and looked at him. "That was great," she whispered, small tears forming in the corners of her eyes. "Now it's your turn."

James stood back, unbuckling his jeans, and he pulled out his already hard cock, precum dripping from the tip. She reached out and held it. "Go on, pee for me. I want to aim it."

He chuckled, "I don't know if it's that easy," and he closed his eyes and squeezed. His cock throbbed as he did it and he realized that wouldn't work.

"Wait just hold it gently." She allowed it to sit in her hand as he closed his eyes. He summoned all his energy, all his focus and tried relaxing. When he got close, he counted to ten.

One, two, he imagined he was having an out of body experience, rising above the two of them.

Three, four, the intensity of his hardness started to wane. He knew this was key as he focused on the feeling of needing to go.

Five, six, the feeling in his bladder intensified.

Seven, eight, the first dribbled squirted out. Her hand gently held up his shaft.

Nine, ten, the flow opened and he started to pee, a satisfying and strong piss.

He opened his eyes and looked down, surprised to see Monique using his penis like a faucet, pointing it at her left hand, her palm receiving the flow as she redirected it to the ground. It splashed a little onto his jeans, but he didn't care. The flow slowed down to a trickle as his cock became hard again.

Monique let go and reached under her skirt, kicking off her heels as she pulled off her now cold and wet nylons and panties. For all her preparations, she hadn't thought what to do with the used ones, so she tossed them on the ground. She turned around, pulling up her skirt with one hand as she used the other to balance herself.

"Fuck me, no pee on me and fuck me. Please?" she begged him.

He smiled rested the head of his cock at the top of the crack of her ass. Again he closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of domination as his cock again relaxed. Like an orgasm, the flow again started, the pee running over the small of her back and down her crack, over the bud of her ass and between her sex. His cock again hardened, he stroked it, enjoying the satisfying feeling of his fingers. He placed his now swollen pink head between the butterfly of her labia, wrinkled and glistening with pee. He pressed into her and she gasped. She dropped her dress and reached between her legs, stroking her clit. She was resigned to sneaking back to her car to go home and change.

She relaxed and he pushed up inside her, her hole stretching to accommodate his slick phallus. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of him filling her up, slowly but surely as his small strokes opened her up to his invasion. His head slipped in completely and he grunted as he pushed in further, determined not to remove it until he'd finished.

"Oh-, my God, oh" she purred.

"Did you like it?" he whispered breathlessly.

"Yes," she answered.

"Can you imagine what we will do later?" he asked.

"Imagine, imagine what? Tell me," she cried as the tickle in her clit returned and the waves came on, old trusted feelings.

"Imagine the blowjob you're going to give me?

Imagine how nasty it's going to be. Do you think you can do that?"

"Oh!"

"Do you think you can handle it, tasting it?"

"I want to try."

"Oh you'll do it," he grinned and fucked her harder.

"I'm going to do it to you," she said it all at once, breathing hard.

"Yeah?"

"I'm going to sit on your face," she paused, enjoying the feeling inside of her, "I'm going to pee on your face James. I'm going to flood you with it. Your mouth - "

"Oh fuck!" His thrusts smacked against her, her dirty talk sending him to a new level of pleasure. He never wanted it to end, the pure bliss his cock felt as it penetrated Monique, but he passed the point of no return, forcing himself deep into her, wishing he could pee again, pretending to as his cum spurted deep against her cervix, dropping through, sperm racing furiously looking for a prize.

When they finished, they giggled, unbelieving of what had occurred. She asked him for a ride to her house where she could change into something decent before he dropped her off at work. She sat in his car on one of his workout towels he pulled out of the trunk.

He put the key in the ignition and she said, "I can't believe this."

"Do you want me to go into the coffee shop and buy some bottled water?" he laughed as he said it.

Her eyes darted back and forth, "Sure," she smiled.
