The Match - Part 1-2
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting, and Humiliation.
By Gillian

The first vault almost did it - just running down the runway fast and jumping into the air she almost exploded into her leotard, but somehow controlled it. She distinctly remembered landing from the vault with such a shock that a tiny bit of pee slipped out, creating a one inch wet spot on her leotard crotch that, of course, the entire nation had seen on TV.

She remembered thinking that she had never needed to go pee so badly in her entire life, and she had to do an entire competition, for the championship for her school, with a completely swollen and tortured bladder. By the time she had gotten around to the balance beam, Chrissy was having trouble walking, her bladder screaming inside, her need to use the bathroom so great she thought she might pee herself in front of everyone right then and there. She had asked her coach for a break but was denied since the competition was running behind schedule, and she almost cried out in anguish. Chrissy had needed to use the bathroom SO badly that she knew that the balance beam would present the worst challenge.

She looked over at Kim, who still wanted an answer to her question. "I'm sorry. Oh God. Really, I'm so sorry. I was running late and my brother was in the bathroom at the house and I had to pee really bad but I couldn't so I rushed to the gym and then I was late and couldn't go there because somebody was in the bathroom and then I had to get ready and I realized I had forgotten my trunks and next thing I'm on the floor and I had to go to the bathroom so bad I thought I was going to wet on myself when I did my vault. Please don't be mad at me! Honestly, it was a mistake, I'm really sorry I didn't use a bathroom before I came!!"

Kim looked at her sternly. She pushed the pause button once again, releasing the DVD from pause. As Chrissy landed on the beam from a complicated mount off the springboard, she wobbled slightly, her bladder screaming inside of her. Up on the beam, her desperation and agony from an obviously full bladder was visible to all. The announcers had mentioned her second code violation, and once again, comments were made about how exposed the now-completely desperate gymnast looked. The TV cameras panned up and down her athletic, sexy body, often pausing for the briefest of seconds as the camera operator stopped and gazed at her crotch, so clearly outlined and defined in the tight, form fitting, slightly transparent fabric. As she stood there, her legs together, her bladder tormented her, spasms of pressure overtaking the gymnast as she started her routine, a front somersault into a straddling landing position on the beam.

That went well, but as she landed, crotch onto beam, and moved into a wide open leg-spread stance that aligned with the beam, her bladder screamed and in panic she wet into her leotard for the briefest of seconds, the shock wave of the landing too much for her muscles to control as she lost control of her pee momentarily before regaining it. Her legs wide apart, the TV cameras clearly caught the quickly spreading wet spot that formed in her white crotch as the brief one second burst of pee exploded through her clenched pee hole, soaking the white lycra fabric. Chrissy's heart raced, she knew she'd have to hold her pee, somehow, some way. Moving up, she barely could control the pressure inside, and she knew her leotard was wet - the wetness was obvious as she placed her legs together and a small trickle formed on one inside thigh as she leapt into the air headed to the other end of the beam.

Chrissy tried to concentrate, but the pressure was so intense, the pain so unforgiving. She wobbled, almost falling, her bladder screaming violently, demanding relief immediately, but getting no help. Moving to one end of the beam to start her leap section, she felt her bladder surge again. The intense pressure was too much for her, and she wobbled again, and almost fell from the beam yet again, but caught herself at the last minute. She moaned slightly; the stinging pain from her completely tormented bladder was out of control, and she had trouble concentrating on her routine.

She did her leap series, almost wetting herself each time she landed, the hard force of landing on the narrow beam playing havoc on her tensed muscles that were trying to hold her pee hole clenched shut. At the other end of the bar, she turned around, and another surging wave of intense pee pressure overtook the eighteen-year-old gymnast. Her legs shook uncontrollably and she wobbled. A soft scream came out of her lips right as her bladder pulsated violently inside of her.

She tried to hold on, trying to wait to do the next move until after the wave of pain swept through her, but the pressure was too great. A tear formed in her eye and rolled down her cheek as she started walk into her next move, but the pressure from her desperate need to use the bathroom so badly was too much. The screaming pain increased, the pressure not stopping this time no matter how hard Chrissy tried to clench her pee hole shut, and as she stood there on the beam, trying to pause while she tried to fight off the pressure wave, she trembled as she realized this one was far worse than those before it.

Her tortured bladder went into a violent spasm and she felt the most incredible stinging pain as the pee pressure would not go away, and she didn't know what to do. She tried to put her hand against her crotch for a second, but she knew everyone would see how badly she had to go to the bathroom (if her already wet leotard wasn't enough of a hint). She moaned again, looking down at her coach, the pressure inside screaming, and not subsiding.

Suddenly shaking, her legs twitching on the narrow beam, without warning, Chrissy could not stop the pressure and started to involuntarily go to the bathroom into her gymnastics leotard, violently, right there on the edge of the balance beam. She tried to clench her pee hole shut but couldn't, the pressure too great, and within seconds, despite her grasping her legs in desperate agony, a powerful, throbbing, sizzling, hissing stream of pee exploded from her pee hole like a torrent, the pressure finally releasing past her weakened pee hole, immediately soaking her leotard crotch and running right down between her legs that were tightly placed together. Chrissy was peeing so hard she felt faint - the pressure was so strong pee exploded through the thin fabric and gushed out of her pee hole between her clenched lips and flowed everywhere.

She tried to do her next move but couldn't as she continued to pee as hardly as she ever had in her entire life. She almost slipped off the beam, but managed to hang on, her leotard and legs obviously wet with urine now. She started crying, and she panicked, not knowing what she should do. The audience went silent, witnessing the star gymnast as she wet herself - it was that obvious now; she couldn't control herself and her pee totally exploded in hot, violent, sizzling jets of streaming urine from her completely desperate body. Pee thrashed out of her girlhood, streaming down her legs as she stood on the beam, facing the cameras, mortified, unable to complete her routine.

The cameras of course caught it all - from the very moments that she started to lose control (and the quickly growing wet spot between her legs) and trickles of pee started to flow down her gorgeous toned gymnast thighs to when she completely lost control and pee sprayed from her like a fire hose, flooding down her legs and spraying all over the beam and then dripping off the beam onto the mat below. Chrissy was completely humiliated, wetting on herself right there in front of national TV as well as a gymnasium full of people. She tried to do another move but slipped on the wet beam (that had become soaked with her hot pee as she continued to urinate uncontrollably) and she fell onto the beam, her butt landing right on the wet spot, and then she slid off the beam.

Standing there, pee once again exploded from her pee hole and a huge puddle formed between her legs; she started to cry uncontrollably as the entire auditorium froze, not believing the sight of the eighteen year old girl who was uncontrollably wetting herself, in her gymnastics outfit, right there for the entire nation to see. Shaking and trembling in utter humiliation, Chrissy fell to the ground. The last shot the TV cameras had was her, sitting in her own pee puddle, her legs slightly apart as she sat in a very unladylike position, crying uncontrollably, and the last spraying jets of pee exploding from between her legs, soaking her leotard further and making the puddle even bigger so it expanded beyond her legs on the mat. Nothing was edited, as the broadcast was live.

Chrissy had wet herself, losing the balance beam apparatus, and ended up being totally humiliated in front of anyone and everyone who watched, pee streaming from her desperate girlhood in front of dozens of cameras, both from the TV stations and from the newspapers and magazines cameras. Never in the history of sports had someone had such a humiliating pee accident in public.

Chrissy started crying as she watched the high definition DVD play, showing how incredibly embarrassing it was for her to pee herself right there in competition, and on TV. Kim looked over at her, and hit STOP. There was no reason to go further. Chrissy had to default, costing her team the competition- all because she wet herself during one of the apparatus- all because she couldn't hold back her pee. Kim got out of her chair and moved to behind her desk.

She watched as Chrissy started to sob uncontrollably again, totally ashamed at how she had cost her team the victory it so deserved while completely humiliating and shaming herself on national TV in front of millions of viewers. Of course the internet sites were full of screen captures of the episode, close-ups of the pretty eighteen year olds crotch exploding and pee sizzling and streaming down her bare legs, ending up all over the balance beam.

Chrissy looked over at Kim, who was now sitting behind her desk, staring intently at her, calm and collected. Chrissy continued to sob, sitting there in shame, having had to review her pee wetting accident that was broadcast on national TV during the match, embarrassed and humiliated, knowing people laughed at her in the hallways, calling her the "gymnast who peed her pants" in whispers when she walked by. The mortal embarrassment of it all was too much, and Chrissy began to sob louder. Her anxiety grew as she noticed the stinging within her once again - the second pee was always worst than the first, and the eighteen-year-old star gymnast desperately needed to use the bathroom.

"I'm sorry, Oh God, I'm sooo sorry. I promise, I promise I won't ever do it again. Oh God please coach, please I'm sorry. Don't punish me any more for that, it was sooo embarrassing." Chrissy pleaded with Kim, almost unintelligible were her words as she broke down, tears streaming from her eyes as she realized the full impact of her public pee accident on the balance beam.

Kim said nothing, and watched her star gymnast cry. Chrissy continued to sob for ten minutes, feeling lonely and isolated. Worse yet, her bladder had really filled while watching the DVD, and once again she needed to go to the bathroom, her weakened pee hole and tortured bladder totally unable to hold her pee as long as last time, causing extreme waves of pee pressure to suddenly overtake the young gymnast once again. Chrissy had to pee.

Kim stood up. "Ok, come to the gym with me. Time for the yearbook picture." Chrissy stood up and fully realized how demanding her need to use the bathroom was. She started to head back to the shower/bathroom area to pee, afraid she might wet her pants again, but Kim called out.

"Um, I need to pee, okay?" Chrissy replied, praying her coach would let her.

"No, you may not use the bathroom," Kim replied, sternly.

"What? But please Oh my God, no... I really need to go please, please! Honest I w-w-won't do it again please??" Chrissy broke down immediately; not believing her coach would deny her the bathroom once again.

"No, you'll just have to learn to hold it. Come with me now."

Chrissy looked at her coach, her eyes bulging in pain; her bladder screamed again for relief, but she had no choice and did what she was told to do. Chrissy followed her coach, walking gingerly, her bladder throbbing violently inside her once again, and they entered the gym together. Chrissy stood at the doorway, her knees shaking, unable to stand still as her bladder pulsed violently again, sending a piercing tremor of pain through the teenage gymnasts body. Her eyes squinted shut as she fought off her body's desperate urge to pee, and then she walked awkwardly into the gym before stopping as she joined the others, her concentration focused on not peeing into her shorts. Chrissy once again needed to use the bathroom, very badly.

A balance beam was set on the mats, and the rest of the team stood there, all in their shorts with a small imprint of the school emblem on the right. Each girl wore the same thin white sports bra as Chrissy, their nipples very visible as the slightly transparent fabric clung to each of the gymnasts taut bodies. The girls looked uncomfortable in such a revealing top. The yearbook photographer for the school had a case of camera and lighting equipment off on the side and was setting up. A huge bulge in his jeans was obvious as he was obviously excited at the sights. Nobody else was in the gym.

Chrissy walked over to her friend Amber, and asked what was going on. "Hey, what's up?" Chrissy asked Amber. "Oh, coach called us up for the team picture. Like right now she said. Sucks because I have to pee so bad I'm about to wet in my shorts! - Oh, wow, I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have said that after what happened to you last week!!!" Amber replied as she waved her long dark hair back, her legs slightly askew as she needed to use the bathroom badly, ashamed that she had mentioned anything about a pee accident. Everyone knew what happened to Chrissy - it was the talk of the school, and Amber didn't want to embarrass Chrissy any more after the tormenting from her friends and classmates after her incredibly humiliating public accident on national TV.

"Yea, well, me too 'cause I'm so about to have to pee, so I hope they get this over with quickly!" Chrissy replied, feeling the incredible tinge of pain in between her legs as her bladder thrashed and throbbed again, causing her to pause as she spoke, the stinging fierce inside of her weakened, already humiliated body. Kim walked over in front of the girls and stood there, smiling. She noticed Amber twitching nervously, obviously needing to use the bathroom badly, and of course, Chrissy was again having problems standing still, her bladder already tortured from the ordeal she went through earlier, was ravished and weakened.

Scanning the other girls, Kim thought Chrissy might not even be able to stand there before she started peeing - Chrissy's desperation was so obvious as she stood there, biting her lip, her thin sports bra showcasing her every curve of her breasts, her short and slightly loose shorts high on her legs, no panties underneath, her knees shaking as her bladder tortured her inside. The cool air in the gym made all the girls nipples completely erect, poking through the thin white fabric, dark buds against brown circles, obvious to all that stood there.

The yearbook photographer smiled when he saw Chrissy, obviously excited about how much of her breasts her could see, and soon take pictures of. A new girl who had just transferred to the school, Taira, stood nervously to one side. A very quiet and shy blonde girl, she was quite pretty and quite good on both the beam and the floor, but she rarely talked to anyone, preferring to be by herself. Chrissy looked over at her, standing quietly off from the other girls, about ten feet away, her almost too white, never-been-tanned white skin pale in comparison to the other girls.

Amber looked over too, jealous of the new girls talents and her simple, quiet looks. Neither girl knew that Taira had to pee very badly and was quite shy, completely uncomfortable asking anybody for a bathroom break. She paced nervously; hoping the team pictures for the yearbook wouldn't take very long. Her thin thighs pressed together as her bladder started to speak, Taira hoped none of the other girls would be able to tell how badly she needed to go pee; she was very embarrassed that she had not been given permission to use the girls room before the team picture and didn't want to have an accident in front of anyone.

"OKAY Girls," Kim spoke, loudly this time, breaking up the idle chatter between the girls. "Well, it's time for our pictures, so first let's get our team picture and then we'll do some individual pictures and be done with it." Chrissy looked over at Amber, hoping the session would be done with quickly as both girls were needing to use the restroom so badly they both secretly feared they would not be able to hold their pee much longer. "Okay girls. Chrissy, why don't you, Amber, and Molly stand up against the beam. Taira, Rachel, Rebecca, and Katrina, why don't you pose in front of them." Kim arranged her team, now seven with the addition of the shy and quiet, yet strikingly beautiful Taira, and then stood back. The yearbook photographer came and stood some distance away with his lights set up and he started to direct the girls. In the back row, against the beam, Chrissy and Amber stood next to each other, struggling to stay still as their bladders screamed inside of them.

The vent from the air conditioning blew down on them and the girls' nipples were fully erect, stretched and poking through the microfiber sports bra. Chrissy shook slightly as her bladder convulsed inside of her violently and she almost felt pee explode from her tortured pee hole but somehow managed to hold it back, summoning all of her strength into keeping her muscles clenched, keeping the pee inside while her body so desperately wanted to void freely.

The photographer clicked and the lights flashed. After five long minutes the group shot was done. Chrissy looked off in the distance, wishing she could just escape to the bathroom before she completely wet herself in front of the team. Amber was on the verge of losing control, also being denied the chance to use the bathroom before she came in by Kim, she was struggling, feeling the burning, pulsing sensation inside as she needed to pee so desperately and so urgently.

"Okay, that's the group shot. Next, let's do some singles." Kim stood and looked around, obviously noticing that a few members of her gymnastics team had to pee rather badly. Taira stood, as usual, off to the side, her legs placed tightly together, her small rounded breasts snug in her sports bra, her small nipples poking through, her gaze directed to the floor as she felt her bladder fill. Chrissy looked like she was about to wet herself, pacing nervously as she waited, stealing glances at the door leading to the bathrooms. Amber was obviously desperate, standing there with her hands between her clenched legs, leaning slightly off balance as she needed to use the bathroom so badly she almost started to pee down her bare legs in her shorts right then.

"Hmm. So, before we start, girls, does anyone need to use the bathroom?" Kim looked out at the girls and immediately Chrissy, Amber and Taira raised their hands. "So, how bad do you have to go pee?" she asked. The three girls looked at each other. Amber was the first to speak. "Um, Coach, I need to go real bad, can I be excused to use the girls room, it's an emergency?" Chrissy looked down, hoping their coach would give them permission to use the bathroom as she could barely stand there without peeing, she needed to go so badly she almost wanted to sneak behind the bleachers at the other end of the gym and just pee on the floor as her body was racked with stinging pain and pressure, her bladder tensed once again past it's limits.

"Well, I guess we have a problem then. Because I've decided my team obviously needs to learn how to hold their pee better. I'm not going to lose any more fucking gymnastics matches to girls who can't hold their pee. So, Chrissy, Amber, and Taira, please step forward." Kim motioned to the three desperate girls to come forwards. As she did so, she reached into her backpack and pulled out three large bottles of water. "Each of you, drink this. You're not going to be excused to use the bathroom until you've finished this and I have decided that you've learned how to hold your pee."

The three girls' eyes widened in fright as they heard this news. All three girls were incredibly desperate, none more than Chrissy who was already on the verge of peeing into her shorts within minutes if she didn't get a break. Amber knew she could only hold on a little longer and Taira, the shy girl, didn't know how much longer she could hold on. The three girls started to beg for a bathroom while the girls who weren't desperate started to giggle.

"Please, Oh God, please, I really need to go now!!" Chrissy begged, not believing her coach would make her pee in her pants again after what had happened earlier in the hallway outside of the office. "Well, Chrissy, I guess then you'll be the first. Drink up, dear." Chrissy knew she had no choice, and as she stood there, only in a pair of short, loose gym shorts, wearing no panties, her thin sports bra white and transparent with her nipples erect through the fabric, she started to drink the water, her body shaking as she tipped her head back.

Her body reacted violently, sending a spasm of incredible pee pressure through the gymnast; her taut muscles barely able to control the pee within her that so incredibly needed to come out. She barely finished the bottle and then looked pleadingly at Kim, again begging her. "OK, please, I just drank your water, and I really need to go now. Please, it's really an emergency. HONEST, Oh God, I really need to go peeeeeeee!!!" Chrissy's voice was high with fright as she spoke, her legs trembling from total desperation as her body sent surging, stinging waves of pressure through her bathroom-denied body.

"Up on the balance beam. Time for your picture," Kim spoke, firmly. Chrissy looked at Kim, not believing she was not being given permission to use the bathroom again. "NOW," Kim screamed. The other girls shook in fear and Taira almost started peeing into her shorts from the sudden volume that came from their normally quiet coach. Chrissy hopped up on the beam and stood there, her body trying to remain balanced as she needed to pee so badly.

The photographer looked up and noticed the talented gymnast wasn't wearing any panties. Her loose shorts were pulled away from her crotch near her left leg, leaving a moderate gap and the dark curls of her pubic hair were visible to anyone who sat on the floor underneath her. He snapped a picture, zooming up her shorts, seeing the folds of her most private parts through his viewfinder. Kim smiled, knowing what he was doing. "Chrissy, do a straddle split on the beam- facing the photographer, please." Chrissy panicked. "But Coach, I can't do that in these shorts!!"

"DO IT NOW," Kim screamed, yelling at Chrissy. Chrissy almost started to cry but did as she was told. Placing herself on the beam, her legs completely apart, her shorts left a huge gaping chasm between the edge of her thigh and the fabric. Her entire crotch was completely exposed, her pubic hair, vulva and even pee hole completely obvious to anyone who looked. The other girls started giggling, suddenly realizing that Chrissy had not worn any panties under her very short and loose workout shorts.

As Chrissy maintained that position, her bladder started to scream and her nipples grew completely erect from the cold air and the torture inside of her. She could barely maintain her balance as she needed to use the bathroom so badly. "Smile, Chrissy," Kim commanded, and Chrissy forced a smile, putting her hands up in a typical gymnastics pose, only partially aware of how completely exposed her girlhood was to both the yearbook photographer and the other girls. Suddenly, her body convulsed and she needed to pee so badly she almost lost control. Her arms rapidly grabbed the beam to keep her balance.

"Chrissy, hands UP" Kim commanded, sternly. "But coach, I I I can't. I need to go peee, please, can we do this later, I really need to go peeeeee!!!! Honest, I can't hold it!!!" she begged. The water had tortured the poor struggling gymnast to the very edge, and with every breath she took she felt her pee hole tortured and her muscles tested to the limits as her bladder convulsed violently inside of her. "NO, Chrissy, you may NOT use the bathroom. HOLD YOUR PEE" Kim yelled, placing her hands on her hips as she did so. Chrissy put her hands in the air, her body shaking, and the photographer resumed taking pictures, a few times zooming completely in on her shorts, seeing the most private view of the stunningly gorgeous but obviously completely desperate gymnast straddling the balance beam in a frontal split. "NOOO" Chrissy yelled, her bladder screaming again.

She tried to hold herself together, but her bladder screamed in agony, her body had been through too much that day, and she concentrated hard, her eyes squinting, her heartbeat racing, her muscles taut as she tried to hold her pee in, needing to go immediately, completely desperate. "SMILE," Kim commanded. Chrissy tried to maintain a smile, and as she looked out she saw the other girls giggling at her, staring at her exposed girlhood visible since she wasn't wearing any underwear. Stinging pressure overtook her, and Chrissy began to shake, clenching continuously to hold back the torrent of pee inside of her. The flash went off from the yearbook photographer's camera, and just as it did a huge shuddering wave of pain overtook Chrissy's body and she lost control.

Straddling the beam, her legs apart, her pee hole exposed, her body could no longer control her bladders urges and the desperate gymnast suddenly urinated explosively; a gushing burst of hot thrashing pee exploding out of her pee hole just as she screamed a high pitched agonizingly loud scream, a turbocharged jet of hot urine immediately spraying urine all over her shorts and soaking the balance beam as it thrashed out loudly and violently.

The girls giggled loudly and the photographer took a picture of her pee stream as it exploded from her tortured pee hole, the stream golden light, wide and powerful as Chrissy peed as hard as she could while totally exposed. Chrissy could not stop peeing and she started crying uncontrollably as urine continued to spray from her body, gushing stream bursting from her pee hole for over a minute as she wet herself and the balance beam in front of her coach, the team, and most embarrassingly, the yearbook photographer.

Kim stood back and smiled as she watched her star gymnast wet herself again, so humiliated, so exposed, so shamed. Chrissy fell off the beam as she started to sob and shake uncontrollably, falling into a nervous breakdown from the complete and utter humiliation she had faced, and sat, open legged, in the middle of a puddle of her own pee, on the mat, crying and shaking continuously as the other girls looked on, some in shock, some giggling at watching her pee herself in such an exposed position while the yearbook photographer took pictures. As she sat there her shorts still were splayed apart and her most private parts were still exposed for everyone to see, the moisture obvious on her pubic hair and her exposed vulva shiny with wetness.

Taira struggled to watch this; her bladder was surging violently within her shy, thin body, and she wanted to use a bathroom so badly she didn't know what to do. Watching Chrissy completely pee herself in front of everyone was torture to her own bladder, and while she tried desperately to hide the agony from her pulsating, throbbing bladder from the rest of the girls, hoping and praying she could use the bathroom before something so horrid would happen to her, it was of no use: her now constant shaking and pacing were obvious. Taira, the new girl, so incredibly needed to use the girls' room and everybody suddenly knew it.

Especially Kim, who watched the thin legged, tiny blonde girl desperately pace, her bare feet tapping wildly against the hardwood gym floor, her eyes glazed with the pain from having to pee so badly but not being able to relieve herself. Taira looked quickly up at Kim, and then just as fast glanced away, fighting a stinging wave of pressure that grew within her from nowhere. Focusing, concentrating, Taira held it off, almost crying out in pain from the agony that tormented her overstretched bladder. She brushed back her shoulder length blonde hair, wishing, just wishing so badly, that she could just use the bathroom!

Amber stood a few feet away. She had been giggling while watching Chrissy pee herself, but now her own desperation was getting much more serious than even ten minutes earlier. Her body tormented her with wave after wave of stinging pressure and the gorgeous, long haired brunette needed to pee so badly she was scared she might start wetting into her shorts at any moment, and had her toned, muscular legs pressed hard together as her bladder continued to rebel inside of her tortured, desperate body. Kim glanced over at Amber, and then smiled.

"Taira, step onto the mat please," Kim commanded, looking directly at Taira, who was by now shaking so hard she looked like she was standing on a street corner in the wintertime without a coat, the poor, extremely shy girl was on the very edge and all the girls could tell. Taira looked up and walked timidly forward, each step torture as her bladder SCREAMED inside of her, pressure built up so strongly that she thought she would start to pee right there in front of everyone.

Her legs twitched, as she stood on the mats near her coach, her muscles trembling, her breathing and heart rate rapid as her bladder violently surged and pulsated within her totally desperate thin body. "Yes," she replied meekly, hoping her coach would let her use the bathroom as she needed to go IMMEDIATELY, so urgently, or she knew she would end up peeing down her legs in her shorts. "Taira, do you have to go to the bathroom badly?" Kim asked, a serious look overtaking her face. "YES" Taira answered loudly "I need to go so bad," she pleaded.

"Good. It's time you learned how to hold your pee. I can't have any more accidents costing us championships. How much longer do you think you can hold it, Taira?" Kim asked, looking directly at the new gymnast who was obviously so desperate Kim already knew the answer.

"OH GOD, I can't hold it any longer coach, honest. I need to pee right now, Oh God, please, I need to go pee RIGHT NOW." Taira shook violently as she spoke, a huge surge overtaking her, her body twitching, and she bent part way over as she fought through her bodies desperate signals of a totally filled, tortured bladder.

"Too Bad, Taira, because you do NOT have permission to pee. You are simply going to have to hold it" Kim commanded, looking stern. "In fact, I'd like you to drink the rest of this bottle of water I have here." She handed the struggling gymnast a half finished bottle of water.

"NOOO, Please, NOO. I'm serious. I can't hold my pee any longer!!!!!"

"Taira, you do NOT have permission to pee. Please drink the water, now"

"HONEST, I can't. NOO, please, I really can't. I have to pee SOOOO BAD, why don't you believe me????" pleaded Taira, tears starting to come to her eyes.

"DRINK THE WATER, NOW!!" Kim screamed loudly. Everybody jumped back in surprise.

"I CAN'T. I CAN'T!!! OH GOD I CAN'T!!! PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME HOLD IT I CAN'T HONESTTTTTTT!!"

"NOW!" Kim screamed opening the bottle of water and forcing to the gymnast's mouth.

"OH God, NOOO, please please please I HAVE TO GO PEEEEEEE SO BADDD. PLEASE JUST LET ME GO TO THE BATHROOM. HONEST, I'LL DO ANYTHING, I JUST NEED TO USE THE BATHROOOOOMMMM!!!!" Taira screamed louder, her voice hoarse, her need to urinate reaching critical, her bladder pounding relentlessly inside her tortured body, and wave after wave of pee pressure searing her with stinging pain.

"HOLD

YOUR

PEE!"

"You're eighteen years old and an adult now, Taira, so HOLD YOUR PEE." Kim commanded.

"but but I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER. HONEST, PLEASE, I REALLY NEED TO GO PEEEEEEEEE, PLEASSEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" she begged, her body wrenched as she spoke, muscles twitching, her bladder on the very edge of simply exploding.

"THAT DOES IT. PUNISHMENT THEN" Kim commanded. Quickly grabbing Tairas hand, she led her quickly, pulling the struggling, totally desperate gymnast along, and walked her across the gym floor to a small supply closet near the doorway they had entered. Taira stumbled and almost fell as Kim quickly tugged her along, Taira's bladder tormenting her. Struggling, Taira peed a half second spurt into her panties, her bladder barely able to hold on, her muscles clenched. The rest of the girls followed, watching what was about to happen next. Taira was crying now, trying to hold onto her pee, embarrassed that a small wet spot had appeared on the crotch of her shorts.

"TAKE OFF YOUR SHORTS, NOW" Kim commanded. Taira looked up in utter disbelief and froze. Another small leak of pee escaped her clenched pee hole. The smallest trickle of pee ran down the inside of her right thigh, the faint yellow droplets marking her thin, smooth, too-white skin. "Whh what?" Taira replied. "Take off your shorts and stand here in your panties. You're beginning to pee yourself and I want everyone to see you like this." Taira couldn't believe what was happening, but pulled down her blue shorts, exposing her light yellow mesh fabric panties.

She stood there, shaking, legs slightly apart, and everybody in the gym giggled when they saw the three inch wet spot over her pee hole. The mesh fabric was slightly transparent and they all could see exactly where Taira had trimmed her pubic bush, the prickles of pubic hair often poking through the mesh of her very tight, and clinging panties. Her tummy was pressed out, full of water and her bladder was surging violently.

Taira squeezed her muscles tightly, willing herself to not pee any more into her panties, and stood there, shaking, looking at Kim, who silently watched her new gymnast, standing there in only a pair of tight mesh panties and a slightly transparent sports bra, completely desperate with a few pee marks down one o f her legs. Kim walked over to the closet door and opened it. The closet was barely big enough for a single mop and basin, wish Kim pulled out and leaned against the concrete wall of the gymnasium. There wasn't even a light in the small closet.

Taira looked at Kim, wondering if she was going to be forced to have an accident into her panties and then made to mop it up in front of the other girls, and willed herself to hold her pee, no matter what. She doubled her concentration and valiantly held off another surging wave of pee pressure that mounted. Her pee hole felt like it was going to explode, and she needed to go to the bathroom worse than ever before, even worse than when her brother tied her up and tickled her until she wet herself in the basement one time. Kim looked at the gymnast and smiled.

"Taira, please get in the closet and shut the door."

"WHAT???" Taira screamed, her heart rate suddenly racing to a frantic pace.

"Taira, I said, please get in the closet and shut the door."

Taira screamed and started moving away. Incredibly claustrophobic, she had a history of complete nervous breakdowns and near seizure like symptoms when feeling trapped by tight spaces. Whenever she flew airplanes, she had to have prescription drugs to calm her down. She always took stairs, being completely frightened by elevators.

"Taira, GET IN THE CLOSET" Kim screamed.

"NOOOOOOOOOOO" Taira screamed, moving away. Kim took hold of the gymnast's shoulders and started forcibly pushing her into the tiny closet, barely big enough for even a small gymnast like Taira. "NOOOOO, Oh God NOOOOOOO! NOO NOOOO nOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!" Taira screamed, fighting back. A burst of pee exploded from her panties, streaming down her legs as she screamed in mortal fear. Kim pushed her into the closet and then, leaning quickly against the door, shoved hard against Taira, who was fighting back with all her life.

The girls who could see inside the closet saw another stream of pee violently explode from the poor girls pee hole, her panties now soaked at the crotch and a stream of urine flowing out down her thin, white thighs as she screamed and struggled. "NOOOO Oh God NOOOOO, please no no NOOOOO Oh GODDD NOOOOOOOOOO DON'T DO THIS TO MEE OHHH GODDD NOOOOO!!!!" Taira screamed, her voice breaking down in complete panic, one hand jammed into her panties to try and stem her impending accident, the other pushing against the closet door.

Kim shoved the door tight, and then locked it. A muted scream of absolute terror filled the gym as Taira went into a nervous breakdown in absolute fear. "NNNOOO noooooo nooooooooooooooooooooooo Oh Goddddd noooooo." Her voice suddenly grew raspy and from screaming so much, suddenly Taira could scream now more, and her vocal cords rasped almost silently as she tried to scream but could not. Breaking down, she started to sob violently and uncontrollably and she realized she no longer could hold her bladders torment.

The other girls stood in fright and watched as a flowing, growing puddle of pee escaped from under the bottom edge of the closet door. The girls closest to the door could hear the faint hissing and sizzling noise as Taira completely peed into her panties while locked into the closet, pee streaming down her thin legs in flowing rivers, the hot urine cascading in sheets from her tortured, humiliated, claustrophic body.

The newest gymnast on the team wet herself in the closet, still sobbing uncontrollably, for over a minute and a half. The puddle of pee that had escaped from under the door grew to a huge four-foot puddle on the hardwood gym floor. Kim smiled and then went over and unlocked the door. Inside the tiny closet, Taira stood wedged in the corner, her eyes wide with fright, her panties completely soaked with her own urine, both of her legs shining in the harsh gymnasium light, wet with pee. Drops and a few trickles of pee fell from her mesh panties, now see through from the wetness, her entire crotch visible for all to see.

Tears flowed from Taira's eyes as rapidly as pee had flowed from her urethra earlier, and she was still shaking. Kim led her out of the closet and Taira collapsed on the floor, her back against the wall, and she continued to sob, softly this time, completely humiliated, in shock from being denied the chance to use a bathroom, and in shock from being forced to pee herself in a small closet. She looked over at Chrissy, who still sat there on the mat near the balance beam in a puddle, still crying from her own humiliation.

Kim looked at the other girls. "Well, Amber. That leaves you. What, Oh WHAT should I do with you to teach you to hold your pee?" Amber squirmed. Watching Taira pee in her panties was too much, and Amber had been struggling during Taira's incredible ordeal. She turned and looked at her coach, legs tight together, shaking, tears welling in her own eyes as her own bladder had been pounding incessantly within her. Amber tried to talk, but couldn't, the pain being too much. Standing there, she relaxed her legs, her thighs now a few inches apart. Realizing it was too late; Amber brushed her hand through her long dark hair and started urinating forcefully into her shorts as she looked apologetically over at Kim.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't hold it any longer. Oh Goddddddddd" she moaned. Pee streamed down her near perfect legs, the crotch of her nylon shorts soaking wet now, streams of hot pee flowing down both of her inner thighs, a stream of hot urine splashing directly down onto the floor, a puddle quickly growing between her legs, pee running over her pretty painted toenails of her bare feet as she urinated uncontrollably into her shorts in front of the rest of the team.

Kim laughed, and then walked away back into her office. The girls stood and looked at one another. Molly, the cheerleader, suddenly yelped and started peeing into her shorts uncontrollably, crying as she did so, and was left standing there in the now empty gym as the other girls headed to the showers to clean up. After peeing into her underwear and shorts for nearly a minute, the popular cheerleader/gymnast on the squad sheepishly walked into the locker room, her shorts dripping with pee as the other girls were showering, their pee soaked panties and shorts sitting in the corner.

Down the hallway, the yearbook photographer was masturbating furiously as he downloaded the images from his digital camera into his laptop, amazed at the bathroom denial, humiliation and pee torture that he had gotten to photograph that afternoon. He particularly enjoyed the pictures of the girl peeing into her shorts on the balance beam and the girl who was made to pee her pants in the closet in only her panties. He knew he'd have to hide the pictures from his editor.

Further down the hallway, after checking in at the office, Kim walked back to her office and shut the door behind her. Needing to pee extremely badly, and the excitement of watching her star gymnasts wetting themselves adding to her bladders torment, she headed back to the bathroom in her office. Stepping into the bathroom, the door still open, she changed out of her clothes, revealing only a faded, thin, worn, transparent leotard that clung tightly to her still muscular ex-gymnast body. Stepping back out, she looked in the mirror hanging on the wall next to the bathroom door, her bare feet cold against the cement floor. Glancing at the obvious strip of pubic hair that was very visible through the faded pink fabric of her leotard, she smiled.

Giggling, she massaged her full tummy that was obviously bulging from all the water she had drank that afternoon, her bladder screaming inside of her. Standing legs slightly apart, right in front of the mirror, Kim began to pee into her old leotard, relaxing her struggling muscles and letting the warm urine flow out of the tight faded fabric, rivers of pee streaming down her tanned legs, the warmth exciting her as she began to urinate forcefully, the jetting stream growing stronger with each second, reaching a crescendo of sizzling, hissing noises as it sprayed from her desperate body.

Her fingers drifted towards the fabric over her pee hole and she felt the hot pee exploding from within her, flooding her fingertips as she stroked up and down her most private area through the worn fabric, feeling incredibly aroused, her nipples growing quickly erect as she began to touch herself harder and stronger, all while urinating into her old gymnastics leotard from almost twelve years ago.

As she urinated uncontrollably into the clinging fabric, masturbating to the pleasure of her own hot, pent-up pee streaming down her bare legs, she never noticed the three girls hiding behind her desk who were giggling as they watched their gymnastics coach pee herself on purpose. Chrissy, Amber, and Taira looked at each other, not daring to even whisper as they listened to Kim's pee hiss violently out of her body, sizzling through the worn fabric before flooding down her toned, tanned legs and making a huge puddle on the floor of her office. The three girls smiled. Taira's video camera was aimed around the corner of the desk, aimed at Kim, who stood there moaning as she finished peeing into her own probing fingers. Taira giggled softly.

The tables were about to be turned.

To be continued
