I hope some of my friends will enjoy reading about it.
One day I went to a birthday party for a friend. We had plenty of beer and soft drinks and everyone was having a good time. Nothing unusual happened until the drinks started to catch up with me and I went to the bathroom to recycle some beer.The bathroom was upstairs and there didn't seem to be anyone else around so I went in but didn't bother to lock the door. I realized that I had to poop too so I sat down and started to pee. Suddenly the door opened and a girl came in. She wasn't my girl friend but we were good friends. She had her dress pulled way up and I could see her white cotton panties. Her hand was between her legs and she was rubbing her pussy.
She said, "Oh God, I've got to pee so bad. What can I do?" I was immediately turned on and my heart stared to beat faster. The sight of a girl who is desperate to pee has always aroused me and here was one right in the same room with me. She was fidgeting and holding her pussy and it was easy to see that she was about to pee in her panties. It was a big turn on even though I had seen her in bra and panties several times. She had let me play with her pussy a few times but never when she had to pee. I could tell she was about to pee in her panties because I could see a little pee trickling down her leg. I couldn't help but think about how wet her panties must be and how I'd love to feel and smell them. I knew she was about to pee and I thought she would just stand there and pee on the floor and I could watch her. I said, "Come on, you can pee with me." I was kidding but she ran over and sat on my lap facing me. She didn't pull her panties down but they were already wet and I could feel pee squirting thru them even before she sat down good. I have never felt anything better than that hot pee squirting in my lap running down my cock and over my balls. I have always been amazed that pee can squirt out of a pussy with so much pressure. Since then I've had my wife sit on my lap and pee many times, but that's another story. She sat there hugging me and peeing for a long time. I didn't know a girl could hold so much pee. She was sighing and breathing hard like she had been running. I thought she was having an orgasm but she later told me that it felt so good to pee after holding it for so long. I never found out why she waited so long to pee. I guess she forgot how fast beer goes through you. She had peed so much that her panties were soaked when she sat down. I can still remember how good those wet cotton panties felt rubbing on my thighs when she was sitting on my lap. After she finished peeing she sat there for a few minutes relaxing and letting me play with her pussy thru her wet panties. I helped her take off her wet panties and wipe her pussy. She let me keep her wet panties. They were cute little white cotton bikini panties with black lace trim around the leg holes and at the waist. I was young at the time and I would often lie in bed and masturbate while smelling her fragrant panties. Now when I go in a bathroom I never lock the door. If anyone should come in, it wouldn't bother me and I think about what I would have missed had I locked the door that day. The girl was already peeing when she came in the door. She must have been holding her pee back by pressing her panties up against her pee hole. If the door had been locked, she would have had to finish peeing right there outside the door. She didn't have time to go any place else because I could see pee trickling down her leg. Strangely enough I was never intimate with this girl even though we were good friends. She was a nice looking little dark haired girl who couldn't have weighed more than 110 pounds. She was about 5' 5" and lots of fun. She knew that I loved panties and, if I asked her what kind of panties she had on, she wouldn't tell me, she would just pull her dress way up and show them to me. She used to call panties "man hole covers".
That was a fabulous experience and one that can never be repeated. I hope you enjoyed reading about it as much as I enjoyed living it.
Chuck