It all began one warm summers day during the college vacation, when my parents were away and I had the house to myself. One fine Saturday I relaxed on a plastic sun lounger on our very secluded patio with a rather raunchy book. It was hot, and to slake my thirst I had been drinking large quantities of mineral water. The sexy goings on in the book made me quite randy and I frequently rubbed myself between my legs, knowing that I would make myself come eventually but enjoying the long slow build–up.After a while I realised that my bladder was filling but was simply too comfortable, and too lazy, to get up and use the toilet. Before long I was getting quite desperate, rubbing and holding myself to avoid an accident. Eventually I knew I would just have to go to the loo or I was going to wet my knickers as I lay there. I put my book down and sat up but needed to wee even more than I had realised. The extra pressure on my distended bladder overcame my muscle power and hot jet of wee spurted into my pants as I looked in surprise at the large wet spot spreading in the crotch of my pale blue shorts. I managed to regain control by squeezing tight and holding myself.But, as I pushed hard on my pussy I came, and promptly lost all control. Slumping back on the lounger I just let it come, not that I could stop it, and just lay there with a hot, wet stream pouring into my knickers, soaking my shorts and the towel on which I was lying and dripping onto the patio beneath me. Reaching down to feel the state of my shorts and underwear I brought myself off again almost without intending to. Just touching myself through my wet clothes was enough to to it. I had never experienced anything like it. I hadn't wet myself for a long time, not since I got drunk at a party and had an accident in my pants on the way home. That time I was just embarrassed.I lay back totally relaxed and made no attempt to go and change. Why bother when no–one could see me and I had the house to myself. Dozing for a while I eventually went back to my book. Of course, with all the water I had drunk I needed to wee again after a while. The warm sun had helped me dry off quite a lot but I was still rather damp so I thought what the hell, my clothes need washing anyway so I might just as well wet myself again. The thought of doing it deliberately sent a shiver through me and I decided to hold on till I burst. The more desperate I became the more I teased and pressed on my bladder, causing little spurts to trickle into my knickers. After a few minutes of this I just relaxed and let it flow, relishing the hot flood tickling my bottom and soaking my shorts. It certainly felt good.I lay there for a while before bathing and changing, putting on a black mini–skirt, pink satin knickers and white tights before walking to the pub to meet my friends. After a good evening I deliberately refrained from using the loo before I left. With a rather full bladder I began the half hour stroll home, knowing that I might just have another "accident" before I got there.I walked slowly, enjoying my fullness, but nervous that I might be seen by other people if the dam burst too publicly. In the event my social conditioning must have kicked in because although I kept leaking little trickles I didn't lose control completely. By the time I reached home my knickers and tights were comfortably wet but I was still bursting as I reached the porch and searched for my key. Deliberately relaxing my muscles I savoured the hot wetness that filled my knickers before finding its way through my tights and down my legs. It felt wonderful and as the flood died away I squeezed my legs together, coming, as the last of the warmth dribbled down my thighs.Once indoors I checked myself out in the mirror. The wet streaks down my legs clearly showed what I had done but the black skirt hid my wet bottom. If this had happened in public simply taking off my tights would have kept my accident a secret between me and my knickers. This gave me several ideas!Feeling very naughty I kept my wet pants and tights on when I went to bed, wetting them again sat on the toilet before I did so – I was worried that I might wet my bed. I woke up early, bursting to go and almost let it happen but did not want to damage the mattress. As I sat on the loo, again emptying myself through my knickers, I suddenly remembered the spare bed. We had put waterproof covers on the mattress and quilt when my sister?s young child had come to stay. Later that day I removed them and put them on my own bed, a good thick towel between the sheet and the plastic cover, feeling a definite excitement as I did so.I spent the day at home, catching up on washing – and creating more on two occasions when it was just too much trouble to go to the bathroom. That night I went to bed wearing knickers beneath my pyjamas, having drunk several glasses of water and with an already filling bladder.Would I have an accident in my sleep?Waking with an aching bladder some time later I tried to ignore it and managed to drift back to sleep. I awoke from a dream in which I had been desperate for the loo and had just found one in time, thinking I was sitting there feeling that wonderful release. A warm wetness slowly enveloped by bottom and I made no attempt to stop the long spurts of wee as I lay there half asleep, wetting my bed like a naughty child. I must have gone back to sleep because the next thing I recall was my alarm clock. I felt a comfortable warm wetness all around me and didn't quite realise at first that I had actually wet the bed. Then I remembered my dream and those feelings of release. I threw back the covers and inspected my wet night clothes and the huge wet patch on the sheet. I needed to wee again and simply let go, adding to the puddle under my bottom and once again rubbing myself to a climax.Over the next couple of weeks while I had the house to myself my knickers were rarely dry and I wet my bed almost every night, several times totally by accident. Now, back in my little flat the bed is well protected – a good job too as I don't seem to have the control I used to, and seem to wet the bed by accident, often once or twice a week, usually when I dream about wetting my knickers, something I also do regularly. I seem to have become a rather wet girl!
By: Poseidon