Longest Minutes Ever

by Desperation Lover

This was the day of one of the biggest meetings in the history of the Bell-Thomas accounting firm. All of the big shots in the company were there to discuss a possible merger with Orion Corporate Investments. Of course, this also meant that meticulous minutes of all the meetings would have to be taken. Carrie Stevens was the best secretary in the firm and she was the first one called up for this most important of meetings. She had charged up for the meeting with a tall ice mocha and she also had some Coke to give her the occasional boost during the meeting.

An hour and a half had gone by and the discussion was really starting to intensify. However, Carrie's need to relieve her bladder was starting to become a significant and persistent problem. The meeting had just gotten back from a 15-minute recess, but Carrie had needed to stay behind and catch up on the minutes she took during the first hour of the meeting, just to keep from falling behind. Carrie, dressed a short black and white checkered dress with sexy white stilettos, was not only the most talented secretary in the firm, but also the most attractive. However, this double-threat she possessed was doing nothing to help her at the moment. She knew that the meetings would go on all day, and it was still 3 hours until lunch. Carrie felt that she would be able to fight off her urge to pee until then, which at this point was not serious, but definitely something she had to pay attention to.

Kitana Oshima was the other secretary that was taking minutes at the meeting. Throughout the meeting, she helped herself to bottled water from the refreshments table and gulped it down as if she were parched. Half way through the second bottle, she began to feel a slight need to pee, but nothing that required any attention at the moment.

When she glanced over at Carrie, she knew immediately that something was not right. Carrie had stopped taking down minutes for a little bit, and that was very much out of character for her. Since they were sitting right next to each other, Kitana whispered into Carrie's ear, "Are you alright? It's not like you to miss even the smallest detail."

"I'm fine," Carrie whispered back. "I just could use a quick trip to the ladies', that's all. I'll be ok."

"Let's split up the minutes so that we can cover everything a little better," suggested Kitana.

"That's a great idea," agreed Carrie, "I'll be the main minute-taker for 10 minutes, then we can switch off and just pick up on things that the other misses."

"I should have thought of this sooner," Kitana said in a low voice, in order to not disturb the meeting.

Carrie started her first shift as the main "minutes-woman." This helped her take her mind off her increasingly straining bladder for a few minutes, but as the time crawled by, her bladder really started to make its wishes felt. Carrie's abdomen ached now, and there was still two and a half hours before lunch. She didn't know if she would be able to make it if her desire to pee kept increasing at this rate.

With only a minute to go before she could take a breather and just take spot duty, Carrie crossed her legs or pressed her thighs firmly together to keep her bladder strain to a minimum. She finished her first turn and signaled to Kitana that she was the main minute-taker now. Carrie didn't show any obvious signs of distress on her face, but she was so glad that she could take her hands off her laptop for a little bit, and immediately gave her crotch a quick squeeze with her left hand. She removed it in less than a second, however, to avoid drawing any embarrassing attention.

The meeting was going very well with both sides were negotiating without any particular stress. It was Carrie who was feeling stressed because she was in trouble now. Her bladder was definitely going to be on her mind for the rest of this meeting.

Kitana's urge to pee was also building, and she made a conscious effort to cut down on the amount of water she was drinking. After the second ten minutes were up, Carrie took the lead again and Kitana was able to reposition herself and cross her legs more tightly.

Carrie, on the other hand, was growing tense. The pressure on her stretched bladder wall was building up faster than she expected, and every couple of minutes she was finding it necessary to switch the crossing of her legs to help even out the pressure the tall ice mocha and two bottles of Coke were exerting. At the end of this shift, she stopped and returned the batton to Kitana, sighing in frustation at the prospect of having to hold on for another two hours! She was beginning to wonder if she would be able to make it that long without any leaking.

With an hour left in the meeting, Kitana was on her fifth ten-minute shift as the main secretary. By this time, her muscles were trembling and she squeezed her legs together. She even had her calves crossed under the table and was rhythmically rocking one leg back and forth to help contain her urine, which was now screaming to come out of her bladder.

Turning to Carrie, Kitana whispered, "I really have to go to the bathroom now. All that water I drank earlier is really catching up to me."

Carrie nodded her understanding. "At least you got to take a leak during the 15-minute recess," she replied. "I've been here for the last three and a half hours and I don't think I'll make it to the end."

"Actually," Katina said, "I never got the chance to go during the recess. Mr. Bell stopped me in the hallway and, by the time he was finished, I only had a chance to grab a bottle of juice and a muffin before coming back in here."

Carrie made a consoling sound at learning of Kitana's predicament, by at the same time she took some comfort from knowing that her colleague was in the same situation as herself. At least now there was somebody else in the room who knew what she was going through.

Just one more minute, she thought as she glanced at her watch, and she would be able to switch-off minute-taking duties and concentrate on finding a discrete opportunity to squeeze her crotch. In the meantime, she double-crossed her legs. Anything to help at this point was crucial, but not even crossing her legs was helping Carrie too much anymore. She was in so much pain and she didn't know how much longer her abdominal muscles would be able to resist the overwhelming desire to release her pent-up pee.

At last, the moment came to pass the torch to Kitana who appeared just as desperate as Carrie. In fact, Kitana's situation might even have been worse. She had experienced a sharp jolt from her bladder as soon as she started her turn, and she felt a couple of drops escape through her tightly squeezed pussy lips and into her cotton thong. She knew that even though she was wearing cotton under her sexy skirt, a thong would not be able to hold much more than a couple of drops before becoming noticeable.

Kitana gasped, and a few heads around the table glanced across at her. She did her best to look composed and smile back at them, and as soon as they were focused on the meeting again, she turned to Carrie and whispered, "OH MY GOD, I'm losing it, and there's still 25 minutes to go. I'm never going to make it!"

Hearing the panic in her colleague's voice, Carrie took over the main secretary duties a little early to allow Kitana to concentrate on coping with her swollen bladder. In truth, her own situation was no better: she was now leaning a little bit forward. Her legs were trembling because her bladder was at its limit. Every second from here on out was going to be extremely painful and difficult. She couldn't even talk without trembling, much less focus on the last part of the meeting. Carrie just hoped that she could make it out of the meeting with minimal leakage when the time came and scurry for the ladies' room.

As her turn came to an end once more, she complained under her breath: "Dammit, this meeting is taking way too long. Why are they dragging this thing out?" Looking at Kitana and finding her almost in tears, Carrie leaned toward her slightly ans asked, "How you doing over there... I am breaking my neck trying to hold it over here."

Kitana shook her head. "I can't say I'm any better off than you, Carrie," she replied as discreetly as she could. Both ladies could see that the other was dying to relieve herself, but they both knew that they would have to survive this meeting before they could release the floods they were containing under their skirts.

"I've never had to go this badly in my life," Carrie added.

"I can't remember the last time I needed the toilet this badly either," Kitana admitted.

Despite Carrie and Kitana both being on the brink of wetting their panties and skirts like schoolgirls, they seemed to be pushing one another on, eachin and giving her companion the extra strength and abdominal stamina she needed to get out of this with reasonably dry panties.

When just three minutes remained in the meeting, the suits were began loading up their expensive briefcases and getting ready to adjourn for lunch. The girls were both frantically taking down the last of the minutes, each with her free hand jammed into her crotch as far as it would go in a last-ditch effort to contain the urine bombs that were ready to explode out of her bladder.

Carrie loosened up just a little bit in anticipation of being able to leave the meeting and suddenly her bladder gave out for a split second and let out a jet of fresh urine into her panties. "NO, NO, NO," she gasped under her breath. She didn't even care what Kitana was doing anymore. She had just lost a spurt of pee and it had soaked right through her bikini panties and made a small spot on the back of her dress.

Just as Carrie regained control and was able to keep her leak to a minimum, Kitana lost a quick shot of pee, and this time her thong didn't help her out at all.Her pee formed a spot on the back of her skirt and soaked through to her seat. Kitana reached her second hand under her skirt and bent forward, barely able to keep the floodgates closed any longer.

Mr. Bell had one last announcement to make. "I am very pleased with the progress that we were able to make this morning, and I am especially grateful to the top secretaries in the company joining us and keeping the minutes for the entire meeting. Let's give Carrie Stevens and Kitana Oshima a nice round of applause." The members of the board started to applaud when Mr. Bell added, "Please, stand up ladies."

Carrie and Kitana looked at each other for a moment in complete disbelief. They were both ready to flood the boardroom and they both knew they would lose control if they stood up, so they both waved one hand to acknowledge the applause and then folded their arms back on the desk. Mr. Bell then uttered the words Carrie had been waiting to hear for most of the past four hours. "Good job, everybody. I'll see you all tomorrow."

Carrie was so desperate she would do anything for a toilet now. Her bladder could sense that relief was near, and a contraction, the likes of which Carrie had never felt before, came over her and made her push out a few more drops into her panties. Fortunately for her sake, she was out of her chair, and her pee fell onto the floor.

She looked round and saw that Kitana had already left the board room, probably well on her way to the bathroom by this time. Carrie hobbled ever so slowly toward the door with one hand on the front panel of her skirt and the other just above her aching pussy, pummelling her hands into her skirt and praying she wouldn't be forced to release any more pee before she reached the restroom. She could feel her damp bikini bottom clinging to her exhausted and bulging pussy as she hurried along the corridor as fast as she could.

When she finally reached the restroom door, she pushed it open faster than she had ever pushed open a door in her life. She was finally going to get the satisfaction of pissing like a racehorse and feel the monstrous wave of urine rush out of her. She unzipped her skirt half way so that she would be able to pull everything down in a single motion when she got into the stall. As she shoved the stall door to get in, it wouldn't move. Someone was inside, so she gingerly tiptoed towards the adjacent stall and found that it too was in use. Carrie's left leg jerked a little bit as another spurt made its way into her panties, and a clearly visible stream jetted down her thigh. She was losing her battle just a couple of feet from the toilet.

"God-dammit, let me in!" she yelled. "I can't hold it in any longer!!!"

"You'll have to wait a minute," answered an irate voice from the stall.

"Please! I've been waiting for four hours to take a piss and you are not going to be the reason I wet myself. PLEASE LET ME IN, I BEG YOU!! I'm in a lot of pain and I'm going to completely lose it any second."

Just as she finished saying that, the person in the second stall flushed the toilet and Carrie damn near lost all control. She was tugging at the door and didn't even look at the woman coming out as she jumped into the stall, not even bothering to lock the door!

She had lost a few dribbles and had a small stream of her hot pee going down her thigh, but she wasn't even getting started. It took her no more than a second to pull her skirt down and her bikini panties along with it. She started letting out an incredible blast of pee before she even got on the seat and just let all her muscles relax as she breathed out a huge sigh of relief. She released a heartfelt moan as the pee continued to jet out of her like a fire hose. She had just defeated the worst desperation of her life and this was, without a doubt, the most important piss she had ever made!

As for Kitana, she too had found the stalls occupied and, instead of trying to wait, she had taken the elevator down to the first floor where she planned to make a shameless dash for the loo. Her bladder failed her for a second just before the elevator doors opened, and her thong put up zero resistance against the blast, leaving a small puddle on the floor. She managed to wipe the stream off her leg with a tissue she found tucked in her black purse before the doors slid apart onto a reception full of people.
But the nightmare still wasn't over. Kitana dashed between the scurrying figures towards the bathrooms. When she saw the sign on the door to the Ladies, she cried out in blind panic. It read:

THE LADIES RESTROOM

IS CURRENTLY UNDERGOING REPAIRS.

PLEASE EXCUSE US FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.

WE WILL HAVE THE RESTROOMS UP

AND WORKING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!

"OH MY GOD, NO!!" she wailed. "This can't be happening!"

Cross-legged, one hand over her crotch and the other trembling over her leg, she wondered what to do. Her only option seemed to be to get to the next building and use the bathroom there.

Kitana hobbled outside the building, her legs almost crossed as she walked. Immediately she stepped outside, she lost a quick shot through her thong, which by now made a shapely camel-toe around her soaked, aching, and engorged girlhood. As she hobbled away from the building, she dribbled a little bit more. This last dribble took all her might and muscle to keep from turning into a waterfall.

The pain was overwhelming now, and Kitana's eyes were starting to well up with tears. She was wetting herself like a little girl and there was absolutely nothing that she could do to stop it. The corner of the other building was only 30 feet away, so she rounded it and entered an alley not a second too soon. Her bladder finally burned out any resistance it had left and forcefully started releasing its contents onto the concrete.

Kitana breathed heavily as she felt a massive wave of relief overcome her body. Her bladder had endured some of the worst pain she had ever imagined, and the stream it unleashed was impressive by any standards. The water she had been forced to hold in for the entire meeting was finally pouring out of her. She could hear the hissing coming from her pussy as the flood cascaded from her like a waterfall. She could feel the drops from the impact hitting the inside of her legs, but it was better than soaking her skirt.

At last, Kitana went to her car, removed her thong, and drove herself home, thinking how this was certainly going to be a day that neither she nor Carrie would ever forget.

