Linda was so excited about her date with Mark tonight. They had not been together in a while and her hot black pussy ached for his hard white meat, and she had a special treat for him tonight. They had both wanted to experience the feel of her gushing her hot pee while he was inside her, but she had been unable to do it so far. Tonight was going to be the night, she was determined to give him the pee–fuck they both wanted. She had started her preparation an hour before she left. A couple of beers while she getting ready, and then several large glasses of water just before she left. She felt a slight urge to pee as she left her house, but is was only a 45 minute drive and she was sure she hold it until she got to Mark’s house. But she also knew that she had a lot of liquid in her belly that would soon be filling her bladder.It was a cool night, and she pulled out her large boob and rubbed it as her nipple got hard. She was wearing only a short dress and she felt her pussy juice oozing onto the seat. Soon she had both tits completely exposed and was rubbing her excited clit while she drove. She had only been on the road about 10 minutes when she felt a stronger urge to pee, and by the time she was halfway to Mark’s house Linda was very full and squirming in her seat. Playing with herself helped, but she knew she could not hold it too much longer.
As the minutes passed, her need to piss reached the desperation point. With only a couple of miles to go Linda felt like she would literally burst if she did not get to pee. 
When she pulled into Mark’s driveway and got out she almost lost it. Her terribly swollen bladder was screaming for relief – NOW! She was surprised that Mark was not waiting for her as he usually did. Linda hurried to the back door with her hand between her legs. She hoped he would be ready for some action because this flood was going to come very soon. The back door was open, but Mark was not in the house. It was torture to walk past the bathroom and see the toilet as she went down the hall looking for Mark, but he was not there. Her last chance was the back yard, and when she went to the patio door she heard voices coming from outside. Actually it was just moaning sounds. She walked outside, fighting with every step to contain the flood inside her. 
She saw Mark lying on the grass and a woman with long blonde hair was on her knees sucking him. Linda paused for a minute to watch as she frantically rubbed her pussy. Even though she had to piss worse than she ever had before, the sight of Mark getting sucked was exciting her very much. But she had to do something soon, or her overfilled bladder was going to explode. She walked closer and said hello, surprising both of them. The blonde stopped sucking Mark and turned to see Linda. She was beautiful, with a pretty face, nice tits with hard nipples. Then Linda saw that she had a big hard cock dangling between her legs! She had been so engrossed in the sight of Mark and this beautiful she–male that she forgot about the fact that still had her hands between her legs and was squirming like crazy. Mark introduced her as Terri and the blonde stood to give Linda a hug. Linda tingled all over when she felt Terri’s tits against hers, but when she felt her hard cock poke in her bursting tummy, Linda felt a spurt of pee run down her thighs. She grabbed her pussy to gain control, and Terri said "Ooh, I think this little girl needs to pee–pee." Linda knew she could not hold it any longer, and she straddled Mark and lowered her hot dripping pussy onto his hard shaft. With all that liquid inside her, there was hardly any room left for Mark’s thick hard cock. The pressure was almost unbearable, but she fought to hang on as her lover fucked her slow and deep. Terri was stroking her huge cock and Linda opened her mouth to take it. With a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy, Linda was very aroused and she felt a tremendous orgasm coming. She was fucking Mark like a crazed animal as Terri pumped harder in her mouth. Then Linda’s body exploded with an orgasm like none she had ever felt before. She screamed as she let it all go, cumming so hard she thought she would pass out, and the hot pee gushed out of her with incredible force. At the same moment Mark erupted deep inside her and Terri filled her mouth with a load of hot cum as well. Linda kept cumming and pissing in wave after wave of pleasure and relief. She thought it would never end. Never in her life had she experienced anything like this. When she was finally drained and exhausted, she lay back in the grass and Terri and Mark drenched her with hot pee. Then they all headed to the shower to wash off and then had a few beers for the next round.
Steve