The following happened on a hiking trip in August 2012; it is true to the best of my recollections. I have the permission of the woman in this story to post this online with her name changed (she recently learned about my fetish):Four of us went on a long hiking trip (about 15 miles) in a region that is mostly above treeline, leaving early in the day on our adventure. Three of us were male and one hiker was female. Although this hike was long, it was in a remote area and had relatively few bathrooms (one at the start and 2 others at 4 miles and 6 miles in – leaving about 10 miles without a bathroom). The hike organizer (call him "Chris") made it clear that this was the case – with the implication being that we would use random rock outcroppings or tree cover to "do our business." Chris was amazing at planning the hike and included full size water proof maps, trail descriptions as well as a list of possible issues (for example a river crossing over stepping stones, rough rocky trail sections, and infamously a large section without "facilities" as he put it). We all agreed on the route and were all excited. As far as the region with no facilities, the three guys in the group had all hiked together before and were quite comfortable peeing outdoors. The first part of the hike went as planned – we hiked from the valley over the river to above treeline and had amazing views of all the surrounding mountains. We stopped at the picnic/shelter/rest areas at 4 and 6 miles, eating lunch at the second area (and all using the bathrooms). As the day was hot, we were all drinking quite a bit. The trail for the next several miles primarily followed a rocky ridge with generally no cover except an occasional outcropping. Despite the fairly open terrain, I and my male compatriots made use of cover off the trail. At one section, about 11 miles into our hike, we took a rest at a rather large outcropping where we rested, ate, and Chris took care of his business. It was at this point that I noticed "Samantha" (the name changed female member of our group) looking a bit nervous and flush in the face. It should be noted that despite multiple opportunities she never made use of the rock outcroppings. Although she was not explicitly holding herself, it seemed clear from her body language that she needed to pee. I must admit that I am turned on by seeing women need to pee (and poppin a squat), but I didn't want my close friend to pee herself. Not bold enough to ask if she needed to pee I went up to her and said: "Is everything all right?"; I half expected her to admit her situation, at which point I would strongly encourage her to use this large outcropping. However, she responds: "I'm fine. This has been a long hike." With nothing left to say, we soon headed on, but for me the next couple of miles were awkward. I was sure she had to pee, but perhaps was embarrassed to use the less covering rocks above tree line. I knew in just 2 miles we would begin to dip below treeline and if she really did need to pee, she would then.As we continued on her body langauge further indicated her need to pee. Her thighs were squeezed together and her pace was shorter. Despite cloud cover coming in and lowering the temperatures, she was quite flush and almost had a tear in her eye. I knew she had to pee, and I couldn't understand why she tortured herself.After what seemed like an eternity, we finally made it to the first bits of tree cover. The trail descended into a thin patch of trees about 5 feet tall, thin but extending back at least 100 feet, providing at least a bit of cover. There were plenty of spots just 30 feet back with essentially complete cover. I stopped to get some water and some food, expecting her to use this opportunity to declare "I'm going to go pee, wait a sec guys." However she didn't. It was at this point I began to doubt if I had read her body cues right.We continued on and about 15 minutes later we stopped at an overlook just at treeline. If I had to estimate I would say that this was about 5 hours after we left the lunch spot ––– the trail had been rough and it was tough to go even 1 mi/hr (normally on our group hikes we are flying at 3+ mi/hr) –– despite this time we had at least 3 miles before getting back to the hiking lodge. We all sat down to rest (we were all tired at this point) and Samantha was sitting on her foot next to me. Not more than 30 seconds later she let out a squeak. We all looked over and she just grabbed herself. Looking more embarassed than I have ever seen someone look (she was bright red), she just held herself while pee leaked out onto the rock slowly. It dribbled out of her shorts and through her fingers. It was clear she was trying, but failing to hold back the flow. While I felt extremely embarassed for her, I could not help but feel turned on. Her hiking shorts were rather small and tight (it looked like spandex material with the shorts no more than about 4 inches down from the crotch), and the pee was just flowing out not 3 feet away from me. After 10–15 seconds of struggling, she finally got off the rock, hobbled to the side of the trail and just released a torrent of pee directly through her shorts. She squatted there with both hands buried in her face shaking in embarrassment. Her legs were spread wide, and a distinct stream could be seen pouring out of her shorts onto the packed dirt of the trail. I couldn't help but stare the entire time. My eyes were glued to her shorts as the squat really accentuated all her lines and the clarity of the stream really turned me on (we were and still are just friends but she is very attractive and fit – a combination I love in a woman). After what seemed like forever, her stream finally slowed down. She squeezed out two more small spurts. She slowly lowered her hands down her face and peered at us and looked down at the damage. Her spandex shorts were black and the pee stain was really rather subtle. The puddle on the ground, though, was massive – four to five feet long down the trail. She stood up and said nothing. We all just tried to avert our eyes. I tried to say something reassuring, but all that I could say was "I'm sorry".This simple statement diffused the immense awkwardness of the situation and we continued. Later on down the trail, we got to talking and she admitted that she was embarrassed to say she had needed to pee. We all apologized again, and made it clear that she can feel comfortable around us even when discussing her bodily functions. We never discussed this incident outside of our group. Everything has worked out. A couple weekends later we went on a 6 miles hike (3 of us – me, Chris, and Samantha) and she used the forest cover about 5 miles in. None of us said anything, but I think we all learned a lesson in open communication.––––––––––––––––––
Since writing the story, I spoke to Samantha about this incident. This was her first hike with a super–extended section (>5 hours) without facilities. She is a marathon runner and will go for hours without peeing while still drinking plenty at the water stops. She recalls that 2 months before our hike that she completed a marathon in 4.5 hours (plus 40 minutes waiting on the line) and didn't even feel desperate when she finished. Before this hike she had gone on several 5 hour hikes without stopping for a break (others used the trees but she didn't). It wasn't that she thought those that those who used the forest were wrong, but she just could not see herself using the forest. Also, she had an incredibly strong bladder. She never peed her pants or leaked before the hike on that day. At college she would frequently realize at dinner that this was her first visit to the bathroom since leaving her room that morning (perhaps 8 hours later). It does not come as a surprise then, that she was not at all worried about the hike. On the hike up, she drank her normal amount (16+ ounces per hour), she said. At the first rest stop at 4 miles (about 2.5 hours) she was not even tempted to use the bathroom and at 6 miles (about 4 hours) she just had a moderate need even though she had downed nearly all of her three liter bottles of water. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. She filled up both of her 1.5 liter bottles before heading out. As we walked above treeline she continued to drink her ordinary amount. 
Samantha says the key problem was that she was expected the 9 mile journey to take about 5–6 hours based on our pace up to that point. She had not studied the map too well, but did note that we left the lunch spot a bit before noon. About 11 miles in – 5 miles since lunch (at the large outcropping), the time was about 4pm. She expected that we had maybe 1–2 hours left. The water from the morning and the afternoon was apparently catching up to her, and she had a "moderate need" for the bathroom (however from my perspective at that point it was very obvious that she needed to pee –– sorry Samantha you really are not that subtle :P ). She was still not apparently worried at all and thought it would be easy to hold it another couple of hours; her only change was to stop drinking water at this point (a bit late as she already downed 2 liters). We continued on with her enjoyment of the hike diminishing as her bladder needs increased. As we descended, she kept looking at her watch and by 5:40 we had progressed below treeline. She was sure that we were just minutes from the hiking lodge where we started the loop. When we got to the next lookout (where the incident occurred) I apparently pointed out "Hey look –– there is our lodge" (it was about 1.5 or 2 miles away). This demoralized Samantha. She was "desperate" to pee at this point and had conceded to herself that she would pee at the next better wooded opportunity – because there was no way she could hold it for 2 miles (little did she know she would not be able to hold it for 2 minutes). She sat on the rock on her foot "to help with the pressure". She was waiting for us to finish up our break, when something that "never happened before" just happened. "I was sitting there when suddenly pee just came out. I couldn't stop it." She said that she just freaked out and did not know what to do. It was not something she ever expected to happen and she was super embarrassed.
By: Biblio