First though, we had other plans– a party to go to. Michelle called to say she had to babysit and would be an hour late. So, Julie and I went to the party, which took thirty minutes to drive to.
Upon arriving at the party, we were both thirsty so we drank three bottles of beer apiece, along with five cups of lemonade. Michelle finally arrived and she drank another four bottles of beer. We were there for a total of two hours before we left to embark upon our camping trip. Everyone needed to use the restroom but it was so messy that we decided not to use it. Then we left.
Julie, our driver, told us it would take an hour to get to the camping spot as long as there wasn't a traffic problem. That sounded fine, we all figured that wouldn't be a problem. Bad decision, it turns out. Of course, we got stuck in traffic and were on the highway for an hour and a half. We needed to use the loo badly and we finally exited and made it to the campsite. Now we really had to go.
We asked the first woman we saw for directions to the bathroom. She pointed it out to us and then we ran for it. Unfortunately for Michelle, she let some go but since she was wearing a skirt it didn't really show. She wet her panties for about nine seconds before regaining control.
Then we saw the sign – CLOSED– PLEASE USE OTHER RESTROOMS. We gingerly walked towards the next set of restrooms, we hoped. Julie squeaked, "I have little drops coming out!" We couldn't see any spots on her denim shorts so it wasn't so bad. Then finally we saw the restroom and ran for it. Julie had to go so badly that she just gave up and pissed all over. Now it showed on her shorts. "Oh no, what am I going to do now?" she said.
Upon seeing that, I had to let a few drops go too, but they weren't visible on my white denim shorts. We were almost to the bathrooms when Michelle totally lost control. She peed a full sixty nine seconds! The longest pee I had ever seen, which made my urge to pee much worse. I ran quickly to the bathroom but... there was a line!
I decided to use the men's... I was desperate. The only working toilets were urinals! The only regular toilet halfway pulled out of the wall, dry and filthy, with no seat and no stall. I gave up and started running to camp so that everyone in line wouldn't see me at least.
Thank goodness, the only people that saw me lose 71 seconds worth of pee into my white shorts were my two wet friends. I was relieved and embarrassed but so were they! 
Danielle