Bringing Kiera Home Ch. 06
	Their relationship grows deeper.
Author: AccidentallyKinky

Taking the Friday off work was not without its consequences. Keira and Jamie were both besieged by emails and texts with various requests which they had successfully ignored over most of the weekend. But by Sunday afternoon it was time to pay the piper, and instead of tapping each other's bodies, they were tapping out texts and emails.

Jamie splayed himself out on the couch wearing jeans and a t-shirt, but Keira, living in a much smaller flat than Jamie, was used to spreading out her papers on her bed and working from there. She sat on his bed, her legs curled under her, wearing nothing but a t-shirt and nappy.

It was evening when they mutually decided to put their phones and laptops away and relax on the couch for a bit. Jamie stretched himself out languidly, his arms hanging over the side of the sofa and Keira lay on her back with her head between his legs. As she leaned back into him, she couldn't help but notice that her mouth was mere inches from the outline of his cock. She turned her head lazily and began kissing his length through his jeans. Jamie sighed contentedly.

She kneeled up and began working in earnest, her mouth kissing the material as her hands rubbed him through the denim. She felt him grow hard and soon, the outline in his jeans became a noticeable bulge. She lowered his zip, and his cock sprung free. With vigorous gusto, she wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft and took the rest of him in her mouth. As she slobbered down on his cock, using her spittle as a lubricant, she pumped her hands up and down, gripping him tightly as she wanked him.

Jamie threw his head back and groaned at her ministrations. God, she was good, that sweet sexy pout that she used to get her own way was put to so much better use when she was fucking him with it. He grabbed her hair and pushed her down onto his hardening cock, but she pushed his hands away. She didn't want him to fuck her tight little throat; she desired to give him his pleasure, not have him take it.

As she lowered her head and opened her throat to be able to take all of him in, she began squirming as she felt the need to pee. She wanted to gag on his cock to completion, but her bladder was screaming for more attention than his cock, and although she thought that she might be able to hold off until he came, these days she didn't trust the urgent call of her bladder.

She abruptly stopped what she was doing and knelt up, causing Jamie to sit up too.

"What's the matter, darling," he asked, his voice betraying both frustration and concern.

"I need to pee," she stated simply.

"Now?" he bristled

"Yes, now," she huffed.

"Okay. Go quickly, but hurry back."

Keira didn't move. Instead, she stayed in the kneeling position, her legs slightly apart.

"Go on," Jamie urged impatiently, "I thought you need..." he didn't get to finish his sentence as he noticed the tell-tale signs of Keira filling her nappy. He watched the dampness spreading in her groin as the nappy bulged out in front of her. He took one look at her face, her eyes shining as he realised that she was doing this out of love for him.

His hardness suddenly became concrete.

He waited for her to finish, and then without a word pushed her down, so she was on all fours. He shoved her sodden nappy to one side and thrust into her wet cunt, grabbing her hair as he fucked her from behind.

His cock exploded inside of her within minutes. He slumped his body on top of hers to catch his breath, and with a tap on her wet little behind sent her to the bedroom.

"That was beautiful, sweetheart, you're such a good girl for Daddy" he showered her with affectionate praise as he changed her out of her wet nappy and into a nice clean one, leaving her all shining and bright both inside and out.

Monday morning, she got dressed for work. After spending almost 72 hours in a nappy, it felt strange putting panties on again. Jamie stroked her unprotected cunt through her skirt as she squirmed beneath his rubbing.

"Stop it," she wriggled away, "you'll get me all wet."

Jamie looked at her, holding back a smirk. It took her a second or two before she realised what she had said, and then they burst into fits of laughter.

The redecoration at her flat was complete, and she was planning on going home that evening after work.

As she picked up her small suitcase to leave, Jamie grabbed her wrist and pulled her to him, "don't go. Stay."

"Jamie... I need to go to work... I can't miss another day."

"No, no, I don't mean work," he gave a dismissive wave, "I mean, don't go home. Stay here."

"You mean..." her voice trailed off

"Yes, it's been so wonderful having you here this week. I want you to stay here with me. Move in with me."

"Jamie... I don't know... I love it here... but..." she faltered over her words... "let me think about it..." and upon seeing the disappointment in his eyes... "please."

The truth was that despite his reassurances that he loved her wetting, she wasn't certain of it. Yes, they had enjoyed the exploration in finding the sexy in what could have been a debilitating problem for her. But this was now. The novelty would soon wear off, wouldn't it? And then what? Would he still be so aroused by a girlfriend who couldn't enjoy a simple celebratory drink without pissing herself?

She knew that if she voiced her concerns, he would dismiss, reassure, cajole until she believed him. And she wanted to believe him so badly, but she needed to think, to convince herself, not be swayed by him.

She spent the night with him on Tuesday, but the question hung heavily in the air between them and seemed to mar their interactions. Their conversations during the week were stilted as she kept trying and failing to come up with a reason for her delayed reply.

On Friday, after work, she went over to his place. When he put her in her nappy, the frisson of eroticism that fizzled every time he had done it so far seemed to have dissipated, and they went to sleep that night without any sex. This was a first for them and carried a sense of foreboding of her fears becoming an actuality.

Saturday morning, she woke early, dealt with her personal care by herself, then got back into bed, her back to the man she loved so dearly, and cried softly.

Jamie was woken by her muted whimpers together with the steady drip of tears on his arms.

"What's the matter, darling?"

She shook her head, "nothing."

"Now I know something is wrong; it's never nothing. Have I upset you in some way?"

The question only caused her to cry harder, which made him sit up and turn her face to his. "Have I?"

"No..." she stifled her sobs, "but it's true... you have gone off me."

Jamie started; "what are you talking about?" and then it dawned on him "is this what this is about? You think I'm going to go off you?"

Keira shrugged.

Jamie got out of bed and chucked some clothes at Keira "get dressed; we're going out," he declared.

"What? Where?" Keira asked.

"Listen to me, my darling. Last week was the best week of my life, but we spent so much of it indoors you seem to think that this," he gestured to the four walls of his bedroom, "is all that we are about. We are not. We are going out like a normal couple and do normal couple things. I'm going to prove to you that I love every inch of you."

"Even the uncontrollable peeing part of me?" she stared up at him with her big puppy-dog eyes.

"Especially the uncontrollable peeing part of you," he smiled broadly.

Keira hurriedly got dressed, really looking forward to spending the day with her boyfriend. Outside.

They got in his car, and he started driving.

"Where are we going?" Keira asked.

"I honestly don't know. I'm gonna keep driving until I find somewhere interesting to stop. You know, be spontaneous," he grinned.

"Okay," she smiled back.

They drove for a little over an hour and found themselves outside a nice country pub.

"Fancy some lunch?" Jamie asked.

"Yes please," in their hurry to be a normal couple and do normal couple things, they had forgotten to eat a normal breakfast.

Over lunch, they talked; really talked. Keira voiced all her concerns about how she was worried that her enuresis was a novelty and that it would eventually wear off.

"Enu.. what?" Jamie frowned.

"Enuresis," Keira explained, "it means not being able to control urination."

"You mean they have an actual word for it?" Jamie raised his eyebrows.

"Do you really think I'm the only person in the world who has this problem?" Keira was incredulous at his apparent ignorance.

"No, but I didn't think they had an official word for it."

"So, what do you think they call it?"

"Oh, I dunno, ickle wickle baby syndrome," Jamie laughingly teased.

"They have official names for everything now," Keira told him. "Even for your condition."

"My condition?" he frowned.

"Yes. Idiocy," she sulked.

"Sorry sweetie, I'm only teasing, I don't think you're a baby at all, you know that."

"You know for a smart guy you can be really dumb," Keira avoided his gaze and picked at an imaginary splinter on the table.

"What do you mean?"

"Well... you calling me a baby... that's what I'm afraid of. That one day, the reality of my EN.U.REE.SIS. will hit home and you will feel that you are stuck with a baby that you need to toilet train."

"Oh sweetheart," Jamie reached over and tightly held her hands across the table, "you're right, I am a giant idiot. I did not mean that. I don't think you're a baby, and I never will. I think you are incredibly brave; you know that, right?"

"So what was all this week about? It was weird, right? It wasn't just me, was it?" Keira asked.

"No, it wasn't just you," Jamie admitted, "I thought you were hesitant about moving in because I was pushing you too hard; because I was forcing you to accept your enu... whatever... before you were ready. I didn't want to push you; I wanted you to feel safe and comfortable without forcing anything on you."

"Oh, that was a brilliant plan, wasn't it? Here I was worrying that you'd go off me for being a wet mess, and your solution was what? To not touch me for a week? How's that working out for you?"

The sarcasm was not lost on Jamie.

"Oy," he feigned insult "I didn't know what you were thinking, did I?"

"Here's a tip for the future," Keira smirked, "not touching me is never the solution to any problem."

"I hear that. Not touching you was the hardest thing I've ever not done."

They both laughed.

"Wanna head back?" Jamie asked.

"We're supposed to be out doing normal couple things. And I want you to order a dessert so that I can then steal half of it, you know, like normal couples do," Keira grinned.

They both ordered dessert. Individually. After all, they weren't really like normal couples, were they? Jamie ordered half a lager to go with his.

Keira declined any offer of alcohol and Jamie smiled at her and mouthed "good girl."

Jamie left over a small piece of his cake, and a couple of mouthfuls of his lager and popped to the loo. Keira absent-mindedly picked at his leftovers, and then without thinking swallowed the last of his lager, just as Jamie returned.

"Oh no," Keira gasped, her hands flying to her mouth as she realised what she'd done.

"It's okay, darling" Jamie reassured her, "it was only a couple of sips. You'll be fine for a couple of hours at least. But," he lowered his voice so that he shouldn't be overheard, "maybe you want to go use the toilet before we leave."

"Yes, Daddy."

She scampered off wondering since when she needed to be reminded to use the toilet like a little girl, and more to the point, why did she like it?

They were about half-way home when the sudden urge overwhelmed her.

"Jamie..." she didn't have to finish the sentence. He knew.

"There's nowhere for me to stop now. Can you hold it?"

Keira wasn't sure but nodded anyway. She didn't have much choice, did she?

She crossed her legs and clenched her muscles. She rocked back and forth in the seat, but nothing was working. She was desperate.

"Jamie..." she whined.

"Oh, for fuck's sake, you had four sips, surely you can hold it for a few more minutes. There's a shopping centre a few miles up the road. You can go there."

"Don't yell at me," she grumbled, "it's not my fault."

"You should have been more responsible. You know you can't drink."

"It was an accident... sheesh... it's not like I drank the bar dry."

"I swear to god, if you have an accident in my car, I'm going to stop at the side of the road and spank you right there, and I don't care who sees."

Keira was concentrating too hard on holding in her pee to react with any resentment or anger.

She could see the sign for the shopping centre. They were almost there. She put her hand in front of her crotch, desperately willing her pee to stay where it was for a few more minutes. But some of it trickled out onto her hand. She looked over at Jamie; he hadn't noticed.

Finally, he stopped the car and Keira couldn't open the car door fast enough. As she got out, Jamie noticed the dark spot on her jeans and emitted a sigh. He checked inside his car; good, she hadn't gotten any on the seat.

She tried walking with crossed legs and stumbled like a newborn deer. She'd barely taken a couple of steps when her bladder, aided by gravity, gave out on her, and she felt the warm liquid trickling down the legs of her jeans.

She inhaled in abject mortification; she couldn't believe she'd just pissed herself. Thank goodness, no one was around to see.

"You've got to be kidding me," Jamie bristled, "we're literally one minute away from a toilet. You couldn't wait one minute and not piss your pants like a little girl?"

Keira was about to burst into tears, but she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction.

"Let's just go home," she pleaded.

"Oh no, you're not getting in my car like that. Now come with me."

"No Jamie... please no... people will see," she begged him not to make her go inside.

"I don't care, if you're going to piss like a little girl, I'm going to treat you like one," he practically dragged her through the car park and into the shopping centre. She felt all eyes staring at the dark stripes running down her jeans, and as much as she hated him at this moment, she leaned close to Jamie to hide some of her shame.

He dragged her into the ladies' toilets and ignoring the curious stares of all the women present, he pushed her inside a vacant cubicle.

"Wait here," he ordered. It was a completely unnecessary instruction. She wasn't going anywhere in this state.

As he turned to leave, he saw her sit down in sad resignation onto the closed toilet seat, with tears falling from her eyes onto her stained jeans.

He felt terrible for yelling at her. She was trying so hard and doing so well, and he'd been horrible to her, especially given their earlier conversation. He wouldn't be surprised if she went home and never wanted to see him again.

But he also felt something else, seeing her piss herself, the rivulets of urine trickling down her legs and darkening her trousers had caused a stirring in his groin. Was he really so fucked up that he was turned on at the sight of his girl's biggest humiliation? What was wrong with him?

He returned twenty minutes later with two shopping bags containing a new pair of jeans and a packet of nappies. She was still sitting on the closed toilet, her legs partially splayed, her head resting on her elbows, supported by her knees. She looked so defeated and lost she didn't even look up when he came in.

He squatted down in front of her and lifted her head with his finger. She just gave him a look of abject betrayal as tears fell from her eyes.

"I am so so sorry, sweet girl. I didn't mean any of that, none of it."

She shook her head, wanting to believe him, but wasn't sure she could.

"Keira, we've established that I'm a massive idiot. And I am. I should never ever have yelled at you like that. And I know I have just proved all your fears. But don't sweet girl, I'm not going off you. I promise that with all my heart. Please believe me."

"You said especially," she murmured.

Jamie looked at her, confused.

"You said you especially loved the peeing part of me... and you don't really."

"I do, I do, Kiera. You're everything to me. I might get frustrated at times, and possibly lose my temper, but that's no reflection on you. You are handling everything with such bravery and grace. Don't let my stupidity dim that brilliant light of yours."

Keira wept silently.

"I just want to go home," she whispered through her tears.

"Are you going to let me clean you, sweetheart?"

"Yes, Daddy," she sniffed.

Oh, those two words, they made his heart bleed, and he silently admonished himself for his unbelievable insensitivity.

"Stand up for me, sweet girl," she stood up, and he carefully unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them and her wet panties down together so she wouldn't have to face her shame twice. She supported herself on his shoulders, as she lifted first one leg and then the other so that he could slip the wet trousers off her shivering body.

She stood in front of him wearing nothing but her top and cute stripey socks. The tears were still streaming down her face as she gave him a look, begging him to take her hurt away and make everything okay.

She looked so sad and vulnerable. She needed him now more than she ever had. He kissed her softly on the lips, then kissed the tears that were falling from her eyes, and she looked at him with a love he didn't deserve.

God, she was beautiful. She stood with her feet bent slightly inwards like a scared little girl, and at that moment, he wanted her desperately.

"Are you Daddy's little girl?" he whispered in her ear.

She nodded.

With her silent permission, he pushed her against the wall of the cubicle and, holding her with one hand as she wrapped her legs around him, he undid his zip and thrust his raging hardness into her welcoming cunt. She held on to him for dear life as he rammed into her once, twice, three times before releasing his pent-up frustration into her.

Without a word, he opened the packet of nappies. She didn't put up a word, not even a gesture, of protest. He beckoned her to open her legs wide, so he could put the nappy on while she stood. He closed the tabs around her waist and let his hand linger on her abdomen, a gesture of reassurance.

He then dressed her in the new jeans, rolled up the wet pair and tossed them in the bag.

He held her hand as they walked back to the car in silence, and with each step, she could feel his cum dripping out of her into the nappy.

They were quiet during the journey back, but every so often he squeezed her thigh, stroked her hair, or wiped a tear from her cheek.

As Jamie stopped the car outside his flat, Keira turned to him and said, "I thought you were taking me home."

"I am," he replied matter-of-factly, as he offered her his arm and led her inside.

*****

This is the penultimate chapter of this series.

I have some ideas for a Part Two in which Keira will explore her masochistic side a bit more.

I will write it if there is enough interest.
