Saturday mornings are bliss after a long week of work and waking up next to my boyfriend makes it even better. I can hear his gentle breathing over my shoulder. I twist around to see him sleeping peacefully. I decide not to wake him. As I start to pull myself up to get out of bed, I feel a sharp tingle in my lower belly. My hand slides down the covers to meet a slight bump. My bladder was so full! I press down slightly and the sudden pain causes me to retreat. Best I get up and sort this out. Just as I start pulling the covers over myself, he wraps around me. "You're not going anywhere", he whispers into my ear. He kisses my head and hugs me from behind. "What's wrong? Is somebody full?" and with that his hand slides down my waist and down to my aching bladder. I tense up. "No, of course not, I'm fine." "Then err, what's this then?" and his fingers press down firmly on to what is now a very achy bladder. He felt me wince and I tried to hide my expressions in the pillow. It wasn't working; he knew. "Well, you should probably head to the toilet soon, before you have an accident in the bed" "Yeah, of course." I wasn't wasting any time, I needed to go soon otherwise I wouldn't make it. I jump out of bed and briskly walk to the bathroom. Just as I turn around to close the door, a hand holds it open. I look up to see him grinning. He grabs my waist and swings me around, pinning me to the bathroom wall. He uses one hand to pin my wrists up above me and uses the other to torture me. He starts at my face, stroking it with the back of his hand, bringing me into a false sense of security. He continues down my neck and over my chest. He leans in and kisses me. But as he does this his hand sneaks down further and he presses against my bladder again. I moan, but his kisses mask the sound. He stops. Looks me in the eye, still grinning. "Please stop, I don't think I can hold it for much longer!" "Perfect", he whispers and proceeds to lift me up and carry me back to the bed. All the while I continue to plead for him to let me go. 
He takes no notice and places me on to the bed. He then pins my arms and legs with his body, hovering slightly above me. "Please, I don't want to wet myself" "You won't, just be strong and hold it" "But...but I don't think I can" "Yes you can, you're a strong girl aren't you? Grown ups don't wet the bed". As I stare up into his colourful eyes, his lips meet mine. All I think about is his other hand, and I know where it's going. I was right, I feel it on the bed, parallel to my bladder.
"Please, no", I mumble on his lips. And he pauses. Is he going to let me go? I look into his eyes again innocently. "Okay okay, you can go" he says, and I happily look toward the bathroom. Free at last! He rolls over next to me and I start to slide out. 
But before I know it, he's grabbed my waist again, pressing my bladder firmly, and flips me over him so I'm lying on his front. I've had enough– if he doesn't let me go he'll regret it! I can feel my body really tensing up and my bladder is fit to burst. I try to hold it by squeezing my legs together, but his pressing is killing me. "Sorry, I'm not done with you yet". He knows I'm fit to burst and is taking no mercy. "But I'm desperate! Please let me go now, I honestly can't hold it for much longer" "You can wait, you'll be fine", he says stroking my forehead, all the while still grinning. I try to wriggle free, but the struggling just presses my bladder harder and encourages him to tighten his grip on me. He's stronger regardless; resistance is futile. So what do I do now? If he presses me one more time I'll have an accident all over him and all over the bed! Stains in mattresses are hard to clean as well– oh no, what if somebody sees them?! They'll think it was me, because I'm a woman no doubt. I try to bribe him, trying to find some way to convince him to let me go. "I'll do anything! Please, please let me go" "No, you can hold it, just relax" "You know I can't do that, please, stop, before I –", he suddenly squeezes me close and I feel my bladder deflate against his stomach. Before I know it, warm liquid runs between my thighs, down over his boxers and I hear the dripping onto the bed. I bury my face to the side of his head on the pillow with embarrassment – what have I done? I can't help but sigh, it felt so good and my body felt so relaxed. His arms still wrapped around me, holding me close and a hand reaching up to stroke my hair. "I'm sorry, I couldn't..." I mumble into the pillow beside him. He lifted my head up and I saw his loving smile. He could see how embarrassed I was and laughed quietly. He rolls me over and positions himself beside me. I feel the bed on my back, cold and very damp. With one hand he brushes the hair out of my face, and with the other he explores my wetness. I close my eyes as he runs his fingers down my front and along the hem of my panties. He rests his hands at the top of my legs and his fingers explore my soaked centre. My fingers curl slightly, gripping loosely at the soaked sheets, and I can't help but start to enjoy this. I open my eyes and could see how transfixed he was with what I had done. He looked backs at me and smiles. With a wink he says, "You naughty girl".By: Oh Dear