Last week our class went on a field trip. It was some place out in the deep woods, so there was no chance to go to a loo for quite some time. We started around 9 o'clock, and were supposed to finish at 12. I was together with 3 other girls and 6 boys, and we all had brought plenty of juice to drink. So, at about 10.30, Amila was the first to show the first signs of growing desperation. She was shifting her legs constantly, and was getting more and more nervous. After another 30 minutes, she was showing visible signs of growing discomfort. She could hardly stand still, and when she thought nobody was looking, she quickly put her hand in her crotch for a second. In short notice, Marlene was starting to get uncomfortable, too. And I also was starting the pressure in my bladder building, as I had been drinking almost one whole bottle of orange juice. At around 11:15, I could see that Amila was nearing the end of her struggle, She now always stayed at the end, and grabbed her crotch quite frequently. Marlene also was desperate now, bending her knees and bouncing slightly up and down. When we made a short break a minute later, some of the boys left and started peeing by a tree a few yards away. That sign was too much for Amila. She came over to us and said: "I need to go as well, please come with me!" I agreed, and off we went. When we were out of sight, she immediately grabbed herself with both hands and said: "Ohhhh, I gotta pee so bad!" Then she started to unzip her jeans and told me to stand guard. She yanked down her panties and squatted, before she let a torrent of pee splash on the ground. The sound made my own problem worse, but I decided to hold on. After she finished, we walked back and continued. As we did so, Marlene was getting more and more in trouble. When we walked at the back, she grabbed herself from behind and hissed:" Oh, I need a loo!" "Why don't you just go behind a tree?" I asked. "No, that's disgusting!" And on we went, both pretty desperate. At 11:45, I was nearing my bursting point. I had my hands in my pockets, so I could press them at my crotch. Marlene still refused to pee, but she was clearly not gonna last another five minutes. She was hobbling along more than walking, constantly shifting her legs and bending her knees. The guys all had peed, so that left only us three girls. I looked at Birgit to see if she had to go as well, but she did at least not show any actual signs. As we walked back, I suddenly saw Marlene stop, bending over and clenching her hands in her crotch. Then she hobbled past me behind a tree, and I could see her lifting her skirt and immediately I heard pee gushing from her. After she came back, she sobbed and I was sure she hadn't had time to pull her panties down. As we were getting near the train station, my own need became almost overwhelming. I regularly had to run on the spot and do every other move in my book to prevent me from having an accident. When we finally got to the station, I saw Birgit, who was up front, running towards the ladies. When she came there, it was locked, and she immediately started a pee dance. She had been good at hiding her need, but a liter of mineral water had taken its toll. I was thinking about going behind a tree, but right then the train came and we had to get on. Immediately after it started moving, Birgit and I got up and rushed to the loo, only to find a sign "Out of order". The train had three carriages, and so we ran on to the next one. But it had none. When we got to the last one, we saw the green light indicating that the loo was free, and we started to spurt. But just as Birgit got there first, the door closed before her face and it locked. We both started banging on the door. I yelled:" Let us in, its an emergency!" But the girl inside said "I gotta pee, too, you'll have to wait." I was doing the worst pee dance, running on the spot, both hands at my crotch. Birgit was losing the fight; she was still banging at the door, the other hand at her butt. "Let me in", she sobbed. Suddenly the toilet flushed, and that did it for Birgit. She completely lost control, and I could see pee gushing out at the back of her tight jeans.
She tried to stop it, but couldn't and finally squatted down and cried. Seeing her pee made my need almost unbearable, I desperately, pressed against my crotch, but as the lady left the loo, the first spurts escaped. I hobbled past her, nearly pushing her over, and made it in. Then I just stood over the bowl, and I could not stop the flood anymore. I hardly could lift my skirt up, then a massive gush of pee escaped and I peed for about one and a half minutes. After I finished, I closed the door and threw away my panties, them being totally soaked. When I left the loo, Birgit was still sitting in her puddle, jeans completely wet.
Tracid