This accident happened last summer (July 2000) and is one of only three occasions that I know of when Jennifer has had an accident in the house. It was a Saturday morning and I was being lazy while Jennifer busied herself with cleaning the house. I remember looking at her as she wiped the windows, thinking just how lucky I was to have such a stunning wife. She looked a real picture, even while doing the housework, wearing a white blouse, short black skirt, and tanned pantyhose (tights). After a while she disappeared into the kitchen and I could hear her washing some pots. Suddenly I heard a scream from her direction – from the sound of it, a real scream of pain and terror signaling that something must be very seriously wrong; immediately I was rushing to her side to render aid. Jennifer was standing by the sink with a real look of shock on her face, completely motionless. I looked around. "Are you ok, sweetheart, what's happened?" "I – I have... em... just, just – spilled some water" she said very softly and in an almost childlike manner as she looked down. "A scream like that and all you did was spill some water?" I shook my head, rather puzzled. There was a small puddle in front of her, not that large, maybe 6 inches across. I really thought nothing more of it at this point. I watched Jennifer wipe it up before she disappeared upstairs. Ten minutes later I went upstairs to go to the loo. Our bedroom door was wide open and Jennifer with her back to me had obviously not heard me enter the room. I immediately noticed that she was no longer wearing her tights. She opened a drawer, took out a packet of baby wipes, and then lifted up the front of her skirt and used one of them to thoroughly wipe her very dense triangle, after which it was thrown into the bin. She then got out a pair of white cotton panties and put them on. As she sat down onto the bed to put on her tights she saw me so I continued on into the bathroom. "Don't go in there!" she shouted, almost falling over her tights trying to get to me. I saw another set of panties and pair of tights lying in the bathtub. "Did you have an accident in the kitchen?" I had to ask her. She nodded but said nothing. How slow had I been, do you think – to work it out?
James