"How would you like to make some easy money?" Jo asked Jaynee as she got back from the ladies' room at The Oak one night. They would do this about once a month. Leave their troubles behind and sing karaoke. It was good for the soul although neither could afford it as often as necessary. Jo had just brought back another round of drinks from the bar and was waiting for her friend to return.
"Do tell!" An excited response; this was good for Jo, because the question she was about to ask was a touchy one. It had taken 3 hard lemonades to get up the nerve to get even this far.
Jaynee and Jo had been friends all through their school days and shared their innermost secrets with each other. So when Stan, Jo's husband (then boyfriend) told Jo about his pee fetish, Jaynee also knew about it. Jo decided the direct approach was probably the best one, but first she gulped at her drink.
"$100–$200 for an evening like this, on me & my husband, plus the next morning of your time."
"What would I have to do?"
That was a tough question. Should she tell the truth and risk Jaynee not accepting the offer? Jaynee had a daughter (sleeping at grandma's house that night) whom she was raising on her own, without help from the sperm donor. The $200 would be a great boost for both of them.
"Before you tell me I have to pee! I'll be right back." Jaynee danced a bit.
"Wait!" An idea struck Jo, "My husband would be so happy if we could do this right now!"
Jaynee looked puzzled.
Over the years Stan's desires shifted from the act, to the anticipation. Desperate, absolutely bursting to piss women turned him on. The finality of finally letting go and letting the dam burst, became almost a climax in and of itself for him. Jo wasn't sure she'd mentioned this specific detail of their relationship to Jaynee.
"Let's grab a cab and head home to my place."
"But won't Stan be mad if we wake him up?"
"Not for this he won't. I'm gonna surprise him!" Jo grabbed Jaynee's hand and pulled her toward the bar doors.
"Call the cab while I go pee!" The little dance again.
"We're right by the subway station, there's tons right outside." Jo was hoping the excitement of surprising her husband would convince Jaynee to leave right away, before peeing. That was the most important part. "Besides, our bathroom much cleaner!" The Oak was a dive so it wasn't a lie. "Besides, I have to pee too!"
Stan did shift work. This worked well for him as he could stay up, party hard, sleep in and still make a decent wage by working in the evening. That evening he had been out with friends playing pool. He had gotten a little too drunk and much too stoned early on so decided to drop out of the rest of the evening's Babylonian festivities and go home to the wife, forgetting that she was also out on the town that night. When he got home, he sat at his computer entertainment facility and slapped on his headphones to chill with some mellow tunes. After checking his messages, he settled into downloading some desperation stories, pictures, and movies from various sources around the net.
"Holy shit!" The lights turned on behind him as he scrambled to close all the windows. "What are you guys doing here?"
"Honey, will you get us some drinks? Grab the recliner Jaynee!" Jo said as she grabbed Stan and almost dragged him into the bathroom. She closed the door behind them and shoved Stan aside. "Move! I gotta go! But more importantly, so does Jaynee."
"What's that got to do with me and my fun?" Stan frequently blocked the way to the toilet when she came home. Jo didn't mind indulging him from time to time, but it was really still in her control. It was never a true desperation feeling. She really wanted to give him that, but whenever she tried, the situation seemed too pretentious and phony. It was still just her intentionally peeing herself in the end. She had devised this plan to possibly give him that.
"Let me pee and I'll tell you! I'll even let you touch it as it falls into the toilet." That was all the coaxing Stan needed to step out of the way. Jo kissed Stan deeply on the lips as she unzipped her jeans on the way to the toilet. "I need your help anyway..."
Jaynee was trying to make herself comfortable, by browsing the many musical selections available to her. She had just put the disc in the slot when Stan appeared with a drink for her. "Thanks." she smiled, "I really need to get in the bathroom more than I need more fluids." Stan noticed the way she was standing by the entertainment unit. Her knees were slightly pushed together with her posture slightly bent forward. That pose made her ass look so very tight against the jeans she was wearing. Jaynee was a dancer for a time so her legs had a very attractive shape to them.
"Sit down, the pub grub has upset Jo's gut, she's gonna be a while." Stan lied; he was enjoying this beautiful specimen in obvious discomfort before him. Jo was really just around the corner when finally he inquired, "Did Jo tell you about the $100?"
"Kind of. She actually said maybe $200!" Jaynee walked over to the recliner and sat down, once again excited about making a fairly substantial amount of money.
"Right, now that depends on whether you take the first offer of $100." Stan again offered the drink and this time Jaynee accepted. "You like to gamble?" Stan asked.
"Depends on what. Why?"
"I'm gonna cut right to the chase, I will give you $100 if you go to sleep without peeing tonight." Stan was a little astonished by his own boldness, but since he had already been given a beautiful gift (two actually), even a negative response now wouldn't be that bad.
Jaynee giggled, "What? Is that all, I hardly feel a thing because of this stuff!" and with that she hoisted her bottle to her lips and guzzled it. "That should help me pass out properly! Easiest $100 I ever made. How do I make the 200?"
Stan smirked, "So you'll do it? Or rather, you won't?"
"Really though, how do I get the $200?"
"You wait six hours after you wake up before peeing." It was a devious plan. Stan was impressed by its very nature. Best $100 he'll ever spend, because he knew she'd never make the 6 hours.
"I get to keep the hundred if I just sleep the night though?" She was thinking of only the first offer, damn!
"Yeah, I suppose... But I will have to ask Jo about that, this was her plan."
Jo came into the room, smiling, now that the great pressure of breaking the plan to her friend was gone.
"Why didn't you just tell me what you wanted at the bar?" Jaynee asked
"I never thought you'd go for it, you were all grossed out by the pee thing when I told you." Jo confessed. "But this isn't peeing, it's NOT peeing." Suddenly Jaynee looked worried, "You're not gonna want me to pee on you are you?"
Stan laughed, "Well I may want it but Jo would never go for it, isn't that right?"
Jo looked sternly at her husband for even suggesting her friend perform a sacred act that she had been the exclusive provider of for so many years.
With that look Stan knew that he would pay for that comment, sooner or later.
"And Jaynee, as for keeping the hundred, I'll give you $50 guaranteed, but a hundred if you sleep in your jeans, deal?"
"Deal."
They agreed to lock the bathroom door to keep Jaynee from getting up to pee in the middle of the night, half asleep and so they could get an accurate reading on the time in the morning when Jaynee's bladder finally got her out of bed. She would need to wake Jo and Stan to get the bathroom key. That moment would start the clock on the second phase of the plan. But the night was still young, only midnight and more drinks were being had that evening by all but Stan who was drinking in Jaynee's little fidgets and hand movements toward her belly.
Jaynee had to pee, all right. But she could really use the money. Ordinarily she wouldn't even think of this sort of thing but Jo was such a good friend who had taken care of her so many times before. She was embarrassed about the request but it was a seemingly harmless bet. After all, what did she have to lose? She would easily sleep the night after all these drinks. Unfortunately, that was Jo's plan all along. The real fun would start in the morning.
Jaynee's night went alarmingly bad. She kept dreaming of drinking, swimming, taking a bath, showers, fountains, waterfalls, sprinklers and waking up holding her pussy through her jeans. She was regretting that part of the deal. The jeans she wore were so tight she couldn't get her hands in without opening the button and zipper. After the second dream, she had to do just that in order to avoid a serious accident on her best friends guest bed.
Jo fell fast asleep, but Stan kept listening in anticipation to the tossing and turning from the guest bed. Finally he gave up and went to watch the desperate sleeper.
"Jaynee's dreams must be something else," he thought because she kept releasing deep guttural moans and biting her lips with every twitch. Stan reached under his dressing robe and began to stroke himself. After all, if he was spending the money, why not get a proper show out of it instead of a groggy mid morning frenzy, which it was sure to be.
When morning finally came, Stan had fallen asleep in the recliner with his hand under the robe, gently caressing his balls. He was snoring quite loudly, which is the sound that ripped the sleep from Jaynee. She sat bolt upright and when she saw the sun outside she hopped out of the guest bed and realized she needed to pee NOW! As quickly as she could, she hobbled over to the bedroom of her best friend and looked inside. No husband and he was the one with the key.
"No sense waking Jo," she thought, "I'll just get Stan." She stopped when she saw his hand slowly moving in his sleep, reached into her open jeans and felt her wet pussy. Forgetting for a moment that this was her best friend's husband and that she had to pee, she reveled in the moment of touching herself while the man sitting right beside her touched himself and had no idea she was even here. This reverie was cut short by another deep snore from Stan. Jaynee snapped her jeans shut and did up the zipper. That turned out to be a mistake because the added pressure on her bladder caused her to sigh quite loudly.
"Huh? What?" Stan was indeed groggy and disoriented.
Jaynee laughed, "Gimme the key or I'm gonna piss on your floor!"
"Man, what a sight! You're just bouncing up and down. Plus with all the control right in my..." Stan realized that the key was in his pants pocket from last night, "pocket."
"Stop playing around and gimme the key!" she was still smiling though; she looked over at the crisp new $100 bill on the table next to the recliner.
"I'm not playing, I like watching you dance." He gave Jaynee a wry smile, "Have a seat, and I'll go get the key." Stan got up to leave.
With a "Harrumph!" she picked up her new wealth to examine it. Then she heard the bathroom door quickly open and close. She got up to see what was going on. What she heard next was the worst thing she could possibly have heard. Stan was having his morning pee.
"You bastard! You know how bad I have to go!"
Stan was having his own little problem; seeing Jaynee's desperation dance had got his cock all stiff and he now had to contend with being horny on top of having to pee. He managed to trickle out a decent stream, but his attention quickly turned to the bathroom door.
Jo awoke to the sounds of her best friend banging on her bathroom door cursing at her husband. "What's going on?"
"Is this part of your plan too?" Jaynee asked with mock anger and bitterness in her voice "If it is I'm really pissed at you."
"What are you talking about?" Jo asked as she got up in her pajamas to investigate.
"He's locked himself in the bathroom and I still haven't gone!!" she quickly explained to her friend.
"Well, what time was it when you woke up?"
"5:30" said Stan from inside the bathroom. He was an old pro at clockwatching. He and Jo had played the hold–it games before and he was unrelenting in his agreements.
Jo smiled, "So you wait until 11:30 and you get double your money."
"I don't care! You can keep all your money just PLEASE let me in there!" She was almost crying.
Jo took sympathy for her friend and insisted Stan open the door. Stan opened the door but blocked the doorway.
"There, you're in." Stan had done that before, strictest adherence to the language used. The Letter of the Law.
Jo smirked, "I have a suggestion, a way for you to still get the full 2 bills."
"Anything– just let me pee." The desperation was clear in Jaynee's voice– she was ready.
"Let me and Stan watch you pee in your jeans." Stan's jaw hit floor at the same time as Jaynee's.
"What!?" Jaynee asked in disbelief.
"I'll sit here on the toilet on Stan's lap while you stand in the shower and piss in your jeans." Jo explained, "Besides, I gotta go too and I can give Stan what I won't let you do to him"
Jaynee thought very briefly about this latest proposal, and decided just as the strongest urge to pee all morning hit her full force and she doubled over in pain. "No way! I haven't got a change of clothes." Then Jo produced the next $100 bill.
"We have a washer and dryer; they'll be clean and dry before noon," She waved the bill in the air. "Besides, you can buy new clothes with this."
Stan sat on the toilet and opened his robe, his cock in plain view bulging red with lust. Jo pulled her pajamas tight against her pussy and straddled Stan. Jaynee felt betrayed by her friend and realized that she should pee on the rug right then and there. It would be so satisfying to get even with her two manipulating friends.
"Fuck you and your stupid games!" She screamed as she began to turn away from the lovers staring at her ever more precarious dilemma between their kisses. She undid her jeans as the pain hit once more. This time she did nothing to resist. She let the piss flow hard right from the first dribble. She hadn't yet removed her pants, but she didn't care. The relief from the agony was exquisite; she continued to pull her jeans and panties down, drenching them with piss the whole time, leaving a dark wet patch from the front to back on both. Finally she ended up in a full squat in the hallway outside her best friend's bathroom. She glared into the bathroom at the two lovers as she peed and peed.
She was almost done ruining the hall rug when she saw it. Her best friend locked in a passionate embrace with her husband, fully clothed on the toilet with his rod rubbing at her pussy through the thin material, their lips and tongues dancing wildly in the madness. Finally Jo moaned and the wetness exploded across the fabric and all over Stan's now purple cock. The golden nectar ran down his shaft and balls, as Stan groaned deeply.
The cathartic release of letting go, finally giving up control was the point. Stan was into the control and she never gave it up. Jaynee finally understood what it was all about. She touched her slick wet clit as she considered the ramifications of this new discovery upon her old friendships. What would she do next? She reached over to the hall table and picked up her reward. She deserved it.