Title: The Bus

By: Frodo

A ninth-inning home run had brought the Pawtucket Penguins victory in their game with the Weehauken Wildebeests. The Penguins celebrated on the long bus ride home, and before they crossed the Rhode Island line they had filled the bus lavatory to overflowing with beer-pee. But they were only a half-hour from home, so a little sphincter discipline was not an impossible request.

There was a loud report and a sudden lurch as a front tire blew out and the bus careened onto the median of the busy highway. It came to rest against a guard rail post. Though the occupants of the vehicle were thrown about a bit, they were relaxed enough from the alcohol to bounce harmlessly off the interior fixtures. As long as the beer didn't run out, there would be no problems.

And there was beer aplenty. Within minutes, a State Police cruiser stopped and surveyed the damage. After interviewing the driver and ascertaining that there were no injuries, he indicated that he would radio for a wrecker and a replacement bus. As they were well off the pavement on the wide, treeless median and the traffic was in no way impeded, the officer went on his way.

Everyone opened a fresh beer and awaited rescue on the darkened bus. Almost at once, one player asked Coach Wiznewski if he could step outside and relieve himself, but the coach roared that no player of his would be arrested for indecent exposure, and that they'd just have to hold it until they got to somewhere out of the public view. Wiznewski, of course, had imbibed practically not at all, and he knew he was good for at least another hour of confinement.

Then he went on to threaten instant unemployment for anyone that pee on the floor. Indeed, it was an elegant bus, with thick carpeting and well-padded pseudo-leather seats. There was a great deal of grumbling and a great deal of motion in the seats as the players bounced and shifted, trying to contain their loads. The bus was dark save for an exit light, but an observer with infrared spectacles would have seen considerable squeezing and clutching and general cock-abuse as each man strove to keep his area dry. He would have also seen the surreptitious passing of a small object from row to row, and might have detected sighs of relief which followed shortly. The desperate movements and profanity abated, then seemed to stop altogether. But Wiznewski, whose intellect had been compared to a night-light, noted nothing unusual.

A tow truck appeared at last, greeted by the cheers of all on board, and in violation of all known State laws, he hiked up the front end with its destroyed tire and proceeded to pull the still-occupied bus onto the highway. In a few minutes they reached the next exit and pulled into the well-lit but secluded parking lot of the all-night garage alongside the rather decrepit backup transport.

Wiznewski was the first man out, and at once he moved to the edge of the lot and peed a mighty stream into the darkness. He was amazed and confused to see the team members, who so recently had been complaining of their urgent need to pee, calmly marching to the backup bus without joining him in theshadows to relieve themselves. He remained as the busload of players chugged off to the stadium.

He boarded the disabled bus and seemed to smell a more pervasive odor of pee than could be accounted for by the overflowing lavatory. Yet there was not a hint of wetness on the floor or the upholstery.

Then Wiznewski happened to press his hand on a seat and heard an unnatural bubbling sound. He examined the seats more carefully, and to his horror discovered that a small flap had been cut in the pseudo-leather with a knife near the front of each occupied seat. And now the generous foam padding was fully saturated with recycled Budweiser!

