Lunambra3-9

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Nine - Great Oak

"Here we are, Marina. Welcome to Great Oak. Welcome...to the ocean." Baeden waved his hand across the air, gesturing at the colossal body of water that spanned out ahead of them, shining and endless. Numerous people swam and splashed along the shore, the size of ants to them from their vantage point. They stood on a hill overlooking the small village, taking in the salty air and the fresh scent of the ocean. Marina was in tears from the pure beauty of it, her hands folded over her chest.

"It's real," she whispered. "I've never imagined...I never could have. How can something like that exist in our world?"

"It doesn't exist in our world, we exist in its world. The ocean is the most powerful force there is. All life on Earth exists because of that great span of blue out there. And if we cross it, if we go far enough, we end up in France.

Marina grasped Baeden's hand and squeezed it tightly. "I trust you, my Prince. If you say there's a new home for us out there, it must be the truth." She winced as she felt her stomach growl loudly. "Oh, I'm so hungry."

"Ha, me too," Baeden agreed. "We'll have a fantastic meal in the tavern. It'll be the first time we eat together outside of my chambers, won't it? They're probably preparing lunch as we speak. Do you need to pee before we enter the town?"

"Only a little," Marina said. "I don't want to though. The next time I do it, I want it to be in that ocean. I can only imagine how good it would feel to let go underwater. I know we have to eat first, but no matter how badly I need to go, I'll hold it in until I'm in the ocean."

"That sounds wonderful," Baeden said.

"Wait though, it might not work out," Marina said sadly. "Gaston is still following us. We have to cross the water as soon as we can, before he catches up. We shouldn't even eat until we're on a ship, and we can't waste time playing in the water. I might have to do this when we're already on the mainland...

"No." Marina looked up, furrowing her brow as Baeden suddenly grew serious. "I've been thinking about it, and the mainland is no escape. It will delay him throughout the coming autumn and winter, but he will use the time to prepare armies. He is insane enough to lead an invasion of Europe to get me back. At that point, it will be to take me prisoner as a traitor, not to return me to my place as Prince."

"So where are we going to go?" Marina asked worriedly. She compulsively looked over her shoulder. The road was empty for as far as she could see.

"Nowhere," Baeden said. "No matter where we go, he will never stop hunting me. I will stand and fight. I have no choice but to end his life. Without him, my mother would never risk war with the European empires, not even for me."

"Baeden, no" Marina whispered. "I know you are afraid of him, even if you would never admit it. There must be reason for that. You know you cannot fight him as an equal."

Baeden stayed silent, gazing out over the water. A minute later, he took Marina's hand. "Let us enter the town. We must purchase clothing, first thing. The robe hides it, but the back of your dress is stained yellow. At least my pants hide it..."

She nudged him, but smiled slightly as she followed him towards the gates of Great Oak. There's no use in arguing with him. If he's decided to fight, he will fight. I have to trust him like I always do. They made their way down the hill and finally stepped through the town gates, and she stared around in wonder at the unique architechture and the eccentric shops. A blacksmith that sold all sorts of strange swords and bludgeons, curved and hooked and spiked. Spice merchants selling a rainbow of powders and leaves, and clothiers with gowns, dresses, and shirts unlike any she had ever seen.

"This is a port town," Baeden said. "Goods come in from countries around the world, and they are all sold and traded here. There's goods from France, Scandenavia, Germany, even some from very far-off lands like Africa and Asia. As I told you, we live in a massive world."

An hour later, and the two of them stumbled into the inn, their arms full of their purchases. Baeden managed to slam two copper coins on the counter, and they followed the innkeeper down the stairs and into their small room. "I'm bloody starving," Baeden complained. "Lets get changed and get back up there."

Had they been any less hungry, their mutual nudity may have led to something fun, but they had no time for it. They simply looked away from each other as they separated their purchases, picking out what to wear. Minutes later, they looked each other over, both smiling stupidly. Marina looked vivacious in her long, dark red half-dress. In Lunambra, a garment this revealing would have a woman arrested. Here in Great Oak, nobody seemed to care much for their shame. In the streets, many men wore nothing but small cloths over their privates as they went about their business, and women walked around in underskirts alone with leather braziers as tops. She had even seen two young girls with their breasts out and their skirts pulled up where they just barely covered their womanly parts, laying on a patch of grass under the bright sun.

When she questioned Baeden about their lack of modesty, all he gave her as explanation was "French," along with a shrug. She smiled at the thought that the coastal towns of other towns in Europe might be the same. She really liked it. She liked it so much that she had chosen to forgo her underdress completely, so that at just the right angle, you could see the red hair between her legs glistening in the candlelight through the slit of the dress.

Despite this freedom, Baeden was fully dressed, and Marina could only compare his appearance to depictions of the Archangel Michael. Starting from the bottom, he stood in armored steel boots that were perfectly fitted to his feet and ankles. Above that, he wore leather greaves with shining steel plates attached to his shins and thighs. A white and gold quilted doublet was his shirt, and on the outside of that, a paled leather scale cuirass that covered his whole torso. Deeply curved pauldrons sat on his shoulders, and more leather scales ran down both of his arms and folded into steel gauntlets.

To top off the look, a four foot long straight sword unlike any Marina had seen was strapped across his back. The blade was narrow but long, with a blood channel running its whole length and meeting at a deadly-looking point. The handguard was ornate, with shining lines carved into the steel. The protrusions expanded six inches on either side of the hilt, ending in flat edges that caught even the dim light of the inn room. Two steel bars were attached from the handguard to the blade itself, though Marina's limited knowledge of swords told her that it was likely stylistic rather than actual support for the blade. The hilt was thin at both the handguard and pommel connections, but widened in the center to give a reliable grip. The pommel itself was silver and bulbus, but looked proper on the entirely unusual weapon.

"Spada da Due Mani," Baeden said. "It's an Italian weapon, one I've admired for most of my life. I was never allowed to purchase one in Lunambra, as Gaston thought wielding a weapon of another country a shameful act. It was a great cause of argument between us over the years, and it seems entirely fitting that it be the last thing he ever sees."

"There's no talking you out of this, is there?" Marina asked, looking down at her feet.

"There isn't," Baeden answered truthfully. "Gaston is a detriment to Lunambra, but my mother will never be able to get rid of him. This is my final duty to my Kingdom." He silently made his way out of the room and up the stairs. The tavern's main room was large and lively, and heads turned as the well-equipped man ascended the steps. They quickly lost interest, returning to their own food and drink. Baeden and Marina took a seat in the corner, and Baeden ordered a baked chicken and two tankards of ale.

Their order thankfully came sooner than they expected, and they ate and drank into the afternoon. The chicken was spicy, spicier than anything either of them had ever eaten, so they had to continue drinking to keep comfortable. Baeden, preparing for the coming fight, only had the one tankard of ale, and water only after that. Marina downed two tankards, followed by three tankards of water. Nearly everyone in the town was crammed into the tavern now, singing and drinking and otherwise making merry. Baeden was considering ordering them a pair of baked potatoes when the roar was heard, piercing even the din of the tavern.

"PRINCE BAEDEN OF LUNAMBRA, CEASE YOUR COWARDACE! BY ORDER OF QUEEN JENARA, I AM HERE TO DRAG YOU HOME, EITHER WITHOUT YOUR HONOR OR WITHOUT YOUR LIFE!"

