Kelly’s Agony
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Kelly hated shopping, even for food, so when she had her purse stolen, which had the telephone numbers of the supermarkets and stores which deliver goods to her door, she realised she needed to buy her mother something for Christmas. So, for the first time in years, she decided to go out shopping.

At that time of the year, there were crowds of people doing their last minute shopping. Kelly hated it… that was one of the reasons why she insisted on using the telephone to do her shopping. It was also freezing cold, and on that day, raining too, which made it far more miserable.

She had entered a department store in the High Street… a large building with five floors. She thought before she does any looking around, she had better go to the toilet. She had not gone since drinking two cups of tea at home before she ventured out, so she went to look on two floors for a toilet…. none there, so she decided to continue shopping for her mother instead.

While she was walking around, Kelly felt herself getting more desperate, so she squeezed her legs slightly and carried on… that must have attracted a few stares from other shoppers. Surprisingly, she was able to pick up a few presents and made her way to the checkout.

However, the queues at the tills were extremely long and she had to wait a while, and soon she was bursting. She began to fidget and whistled to herself to keep her mind off things. The queues were slow to move, simply because people had more items to buy than normal, which made Kelly panic. She knows she cannot just leave the queue to go to the toilet. By now she had been in the queue for thirty minutes and felt she was on the verge of wetting herself on a few occasions. She decided to put her shopping on the front of her legs with her left hand, so she could discreetly hold herself with her right. She was also pacing on the spot and again whistling to herself.

Suddenly, she gasped, and felt a small jet of pee flow into her knickers….. she because frantic, and grabbed herself very tightly now and was fidgeting very wildly. She didn’t care who was watching. She kept leaking into her knickers and trousers every few moments. She was using all her willpower to prevent a major wetting.

Then she thought, “Stuff it! I need a wee!”, and raced with the presents to find a toilet. When she got to one however, there was a long line of ladies wanting to use it. Suddenly, she had a bright idea. She pretended a dress from a clothes rack and found a changing room. In one of the partitions, there was a large bin that had been left there.

She dropped everything, rushed to pull her trousers down, crouched over the bin, and started to gush into it. Her stream made so much noise, but she did not care as she was only concerned with getting rid of all that held-in pee. The big shock was that when she finished peeing, the bin was almost full. It was a relief for her just to let go.

She left the changing rooms to rejoin the queues at the department store. They were still long… nothing changes. She will be going back to wanting her goods to be delivered to her door.

