Julie 8: Pushing Back the Frontiers 

By: Dickie

We sat naked around the breakfast table; Frank, Anna, Julie and myself. Naked because we had just spent the night all together in Julie's big bed and had showered as a foursome soaping each other all over lovingly. With such intimacy still hanging around there was no need to cover up. Naked also because all of Frank's and Anna's clothes were in the washing machine and Julie and I decided it was rude to dress when our guests were not able to in their own clothes. Besides the flat was very warm and I like to be naked. 

Before our shower we had worked hard for some time gathering together masses of piss soaked clothes and bed linen and turning a very smelly tip back into Julie's beautiful flat. Now we settled down to a well earned breakfast of freshly squeezed orange juice, toast and copious amounts of strong fresh coffee.

"Have you any plans for today" Julie asked them?

"Not really, I'm feeling a bit drained," Anna replied.

"Drained I'm totally knackered," added Frank. "we need to wait for our clothes to dry so will stick around for a while if that's OK."

Julie looked from one to the other of them and a twinkle came into her eye which I recognised as the dawning of one of her devilish ideas. She refilled their coffee cups. "I've a much better idea. Have either of you been wet, really wet that is, in public during the day?"

"Not so it shows, since 1987. As you know I leak very easily and that was the last time I wore jeans or tight trousers. It was really embarrassing and, like I told you yesterday, I've mostly worn skirts and thong panties ever since so I can leak without it showing. My only trousers are really baggy so I can wear a nappy and plastic pants underneath."

"I've never dared, except at night in dark pants. Often thought about it 'though, and about Anna doing it, especially about Anna all wet in smart tight jeans." 

He grabbed my thigh under the table and I glanced down to see his prick sanding hard to attention matching my own arousal in response to the mental image.

"I don't think I dare," Anna looked doubtful and slightly scared, "I thought about doing it a few times because I know Frank would really enjoy it, he gets excited enough when I piss my jog pants in the Garden. A couple of times I got ready to go out wearing them without a nappy, and risk the possible consequences, but I bottled out at the last minute."

"Oh, I just wondered if you both felt like coming out with us today, I've got this VW beach buggy and it's possibly the last chance we'll get to use it this year."

"you mean go out in it and piss our clothes Julie.?" Frank was getting more and more excited.

"More try and not piss them," Julie described our public hold it contest, how we went into the town and held our piss until we just couldn't any more. Then we pissed our jeans for all to see. (See Julie 5).

"I don't think I could do that, not in this town anyway, too many people know me."

"Hence Julie's buggy. An open car with vinyl seats that are designed to shed the rain let alone a little piss. We'll go out in the country somewhere and just let nature take it's course." I couldn't help showing my enthusiasm for the project. 

"I will if you will." Said Frank eyeing her up and down to see if there was any hope of a response.

"How do I know you won't cheat, all of you?" Anna was still doubtful although a little wriggle and swelling of her nipples revealed some arousal as well.

"I can fix that, I promise." Julie gave her a little hug, "Go on I dare you."

"But it's not fair, I don't stand a chance, you all know I've got a very small bladder."

"Too bad." Frank rubbed his hands together in stage villain manner.

"We'll give you a start, and give you control." Promised Julie. "You piss now the rest of us don't."

"How do you mean control?"

"Wait and see but it'll work I promise."

"OK you're on."

We all drained our coffee mugs; since we had last pissed, during our grope (sic) shower, we had each drunk a very large orange juice and two half pint mugs of strong fresh coffee. Time started now. I pressed the timer function on my watch and noted the time was 10.15 am. The time of our shower had been around 9.40 so I wrote this down as the base for the rest of us.

Anna took a measuring jug off the kitchen work-top, held it between her legs, and pissed in it there and then. "I already needed to go quite badly so this is about what my bladder holds. She had produced 0.6 litres.

I saw Frank look longingly at the toilet, visible through the open bathroom door as we went into the bedroom, his prick which had remained stiff as he watched Anna fill the jug now drooped. I could guess what he was feeling, I myself was beginning to feel a slight desire to piss, about 1.25 on the scale, probably brought on by the anticipation rather than any real need. I also felt slight delicious butterflies of fear together with continuing arousal. Who knew where I might be, and who might be watching, when I next emptied my bladder? 

Julie took charge of the clothes closet. "Anna first as she is the star." She helped her into a pair of pretty white panties and a matching bra, which fitted perfectly and made her look absolutely stunning. "I thought you would like to wear this, it's about the right size." She handed her a bright pink all in one jump suit which sipped up the front. It fitted well on the top but was a bit long in the leg and a bit baggy. Julie turned up the bottoms and grasped the waist; snatching a hug and a quick kiss in the process. "Needs a belt," she said as they separated; and produced a wide leather one with a brass buckle. "That's better and these boots will probably fit you and hide the turned up bottoms." The boots were soft black vinyl with a 2" heel and laced firmly to about 4" above the ankle.

Anna looked great and I grew really hard again imagining the way the smooth pink fabric would go dramatically dark in the crotch as soon as she leaked even a little drop. She fetched her bag and sat at the mirror to fix her make up for all the world as if she was going to be smart all day.

"Now 'Frankie baby' look what I've got for you." She produced one of my one piece exercise outfits, it was made of stretch Lycra and fitted tightly from mid thigh to upper chest there was no fly opening merely a lightly padded layer which served to support his balls and suddenly shrunken penis as he shook with fear at the realisation that cheating was going to be very hard. A pair of well washed blue jeans, a white T-shirt and a denim jacket completed his outfit. He wore his own D.M. boots which were only a little damp from last night. He was also going to put his own belt on but Julie shook her head. "Wear this one it's special, besides yours is wet." She insisted.

Well into it by this time I fetched my own one piece sports outfit and the dusky red velvet jeans I'd bought and pissed on our London trip (Julie 6). A cream silk shirt and black bomber jacket left me feeling very smart and sexy.

This only left Julie she slipped into one of her favourite outfits. A lacy low cut red bra, a short knitted top which showed off her naval, into which she fitted a diamantй stud, frilly red panties and a pair of tight fitting beige hipster trousers. Heeled boots and dark green jacket which hung to just below her hips completed her outfit.

Frank objected. "Hey that's cheating; The rest of us would have to get completely undressed to piss; all you have to do is drop those pants behind a hedge when nobody's looking?" 

It was my turn now to add the last feature I took four small padlocks from a drawer and snapped one in turn on each of our belts, securely locking the buckles to the strap. "Now we are equal nobody can piss anywhere but in their pants without being unlocked first." Three of the keys I gave to Anna. "This is your control, to ensure nobody cheats even if we get separated." Anna's key I slipped into my own pocket, I didn't trust Julie not to give in to her pleading if she wanted to pull out. 

We returned to the living room a well dressed group of people ready for a day out. There was a third mug of coffee for each of us in the pot and I poured them and handed them round. Both Frank and Anna eyed theirs suspiciously but gritted their teeth and took long pulls. "The rules are very simple, 

1. We go about our day out exactly as normal except that we don't visit the toilet. 2. We do our utmost to hold on as long as we can. 3. When we finally cannot hold it any more we don't stop what we are doing or hide or anything we just piss wherever we are. The only exception is if it would really cause real inconvenience or costs to other people in which case we can get out of their chair and go outside or something. 4. The last one dry is the winner and chooses a forrfeit for each of the others.. 5. We all drink exactly the same amount of liquid. I will be keeping a precise record" 

I raise my mug, "here's to the biggest bladder and the strongest will." I drained my coffee, the third half pint, and set the mug down. 

"The strongest will." The other three followed suit, and we descended to the car park where we wiped the dew off the seats of Julie's completely open VW 'Dune Buggy' before piling in. 

As she swung the yellow plastic car into the Saturday morning traffic Julie asked over her shoulder. "Anybody know anybody in Tunbridge wells?"

"Er no, why?" said Frank who sat beside her.

Anna shook her head and grasped my hand with a worried look.

"Tunbridge Wells it is then," said Julie as she accelerated onto the main road.

Anna protested, "But I thought we were going out in the country."

"Plenty of country on the way and they have a great open air market. I want to look for an antique rocking chair."

I patted Anna's shoulder, "much more fun in a town - more people," I said giving her a friendly squeeze.

"That's just what I'm afraid of."

"So am I, scared as hell, that's the fun of it. feel." I took her hand and pressed it against my heart which was pounding fit to burst."

"I'll admit I am feeling excited as well as scared. Might as well be ridiculed by 100 people as 10 I suppose."

"Oh what the hell," said Frank, "lets do it." He gave his prick a squeeze and a poke to settle is engorged bulk better into his restricting underwear.

Anna looked down at my own bulge. "This anticipating really turns you on as well as scares you doesn't it," she giggled and fidgeted a little. "I'm beginning to want to go already, and this car's so public. My heart's pounding too now."

True the VW was very public. The body work only came up to seat cushion level and there were not even any doors, all there was above was the roll over cage and a windscreen. We were in full view from all the other cars and the pedestrians in what would certainly be narrow crowded streets. I was almost creaming my underwear in anticipation of the stares I would get when my pants were soaked.

As we pulled up at a set of lights I drew Anna towards me and kissed her firmly on the lips. She was hot and breathing heavily. I slid my hand into her crotch, it was even hotter than the rest of her and becoming a little sticky. 

She shoved it away. "None of that now we KNOW people in this town so stop it Dickie you're totally impossible." I withdrew my hand and she kept hold of it as she returned my kiss. 

Meantime in the front Julie was stroking Frank's thigh. Feeling totally reckless and wanting to link the whole group I reached out with my free hand and stroked the back of his neck. Anna completed the circle by grasping Julie's shoulder and giving it a squeeze. Thus we could each feel the excitement of the others as we headed for the open countryside. The sun shone, the birds sang and our bladders slowly filled.

As we bowled along we chatted about this and that but mostly about last night. I recounted to Anna my dream that I was lying naked on a beautiful sunny shore in Greece when somebody suddenly started pouring water on my balls.

"I half awakened and found that I was indeed wet and getting wetter, 'Wow' I thought at first 'I'm wetting the bed; how strange I've never wet the bed by accident before. This is interesting.' Then I realised that it wasn't me and I hadn't pissed although I did want to go quite badly. It was you Anna who had wet the bed and you were still pissing. It hissing out quite loudly and some was running back between your thighs and onto me. Reaching over I could place my hand in the front flow which was much stronger. Despite all of this you were still fast asleep."

"My prick stood to attention as soon as I realised what was going on and I started to work it between the cheeks of your ass where the piss was flowing from. I hoped to waken you gently by at the same time stimulating your breasts. As you began to stir I became aware that ours was not the only activity in the bed. Frank was face down on top of Julie and they were just beginning slow gentle rhythmic movements. I peered over your sleeping, still pissing body and caught Julie's eye in the half light, she had her face toward me as Frank kissed her ear. She winked a slow significant wink at me."

"You came to with a start, stopped pissing and began to cry."

"I felt so ashamed I'd wet your bed." Anna continued, "his erection pressed hard against me forcing its way between my thighs and it was that which told me it was really OK and Dickie liked wet beds as much as Frank; so I felt better. I groped for it to guide it into a place where it would stimulate me more but soon my attention was taken by you others."

"Yes your fucking was really getting going now, you were totally oblivious of us beside you. You Frank had now raised yourself onto your elbows and were going for it with great energy whilst Julie grasped the bed head and thrashed about."

"We really did come right together." 

"That was obvious. Your shouts and gasps could have awakened people in the next house never mind those in bed beside you."

"When Anna rolled over in her puddle and kissed me full on the lips. I returned it gently and passionately. And after a few minutes it was my turn to be totally oblivious."

"You remembered your condom 'though."

"Only because Julie virtually dragged you off me to put it on."

"You were both very good boys even if you did insist in filling the condoms with piss afterwards and forcing them into each other's mouths until they burst. You dirty animals. 

"How about you then JULIE, pissing in my mouth until I nearly drowned."

"You! - you couldn't get enough of it just like before we went to bed when you lay there and just begged me for it you little slut."

"Yes SLUT and proud of it Anna replied "but not so much of the little I can't help being short. But that makes you a slut too, with knobs on."

"You're the two most delightfully filthy sluts in the world and we love you, don't we Dickie."

"Who you calling sluts you dirty cocksucking buggers."

I pulled my shoulders back and sat up very straight. "Yes I'm a very dirty bugger and proud of it, and I do like to suck cock just like you do. Last night I buggered a man for only the second time in my whole life and I'm glad it was someone as great as Frank." 

The conversation was in danger of getting bogged down in self congratulatory insults and I was glad when a distraction came. We were about half of the way to Tunbridge Wells when Julie braked suddenly and pulled into the car park of an ancient timbered pub. There was a board outside saying 'Morning Coffee'. "I know we really don't need more coffee but I just love these old oak beamed places." She led the way in through the low door into a dark interior smelling of beeswax polish and the log fire which was just getting going in the grate.

I ordered "Four Cappuccino's please." Anna looked very uncomfortable as she seated herself at the oak table. She had begun to fidget in earnest about ten minutes back. I checked my watch it said 11.45.

"How you doing?" Frank asked her from the other side. 

"Getting pretty desperate I've already drunk twice what I usually do in a day and I usually piss long before this time so I'm about to overflow."

Julie held her hand "Be strong and hold it, the land lady won't appreciate you pissing on her chintz cushions."

I gave her an encouraging grin "You can do it you know you can." She pressed her hand between her thighs and tensed her muscles. "That's better it's gone off a bit."

I looked around the others. Julie suppressed a little wriggle and gripped her cup hard. Frank too surreptitiously tensed and shifted in his seat. Had I overdone the coffees I thought. We wouldn't even get to the town dry at this rate much less last past lunch time. I was beginning to want to go as well, no longer quite comfortably full; new classification scale. I drained my cup and got up. "Come on all the bargains will be sold."

Anna looked longingly at the door to the 'Ladies' and fingered the padlock on her belt then she set her face resolutely and led the way out to the car. Crossing the car park just behind Anna I had a lovely view of her ass as her fidgeting and jigging became very energetic. She hopped in first and sat down with her hand pressed very hard into her crotch.

"I can't hold it any more, if I just do a little spurt will that count."

"I'm afraid so," replied Frank giving his own prick a surreptitious squeeze.

"Oh give her a break. I vote little leaks don't count." Julie said to him.

"I'm doing it." A small dark patch appeared in the bright pink fabric. She squeezed harder. "Better now and it hardly shows," she inspected the slowly spreading stain. "Come on let's get going I want to visit this market before I'm totally soaked."

The three of us looked at each other and at Anna; she had no chance of lasting that long and we all knew it. The question was would any of us? The time was now 12.05. We set off as fast as the weekend traffic would allow. Anna and I had changed places so that she now sat behind Julie and Frank was able to twist round in his seat and get an even better view of the slowly growing tomato red stain in Anna's crotch. Watching her, my erection was getting pretty uncomfortable and obvious. I was in considerable danger of creaming my pants. Frank must have been in a similar condition as he pushed Julie's hand away when it strayed from the gear lever and across his thigh.

"How's she doing?" Julie called into Frank's ear.

"Bout three inches across. Can we officially say she's lost it?"

"Not yet she has to flood before I call time," I replied.

"Here it comes, I really can't hold on any more." Anna stopped fidgeting and removed her hand. I clicked the watch 12.28. She had lasted over 20 minutes since her first stain. Spreading her legs she leaned back in her seat. There was a muffled hissing and the damp patch grew quickly. Then her piss burst through the fabric forming a pool on the vinyl, which spread rapidly and began to run off the edge. She brought her legs together to mop some up with her clothing and then opened them again as the flow was clearly so large that it would make little difference.

"Oh bliss, the relief, you've no idea." Her piss was now running down the back of her legs and into her boots. A smile spread over her face as she looked up at us; and then past us. As her gaze shifted her expression changed to one of horror. While we had been watching Anna; the traffic had slowed to a crawl and we were close up behind a bus. On that bus was a crowd of teenagers who had been looking out of the rear window and down into our buggy in a bored manner. They weren't bored any more; they were excitedly nudging and pointing and laughing giggling. Thank goodness we couldn't hear them; but we could guess what they were saying all right.

Quickly I hugged her to me. "Well done Anna, that was a great show." She started to push me off then changed he mind and kissed me instead dragging me onto the wet part of her seat. I pulled my ass away as I felt dampness against my hip bone and leaned so she could only touch my upper body. The traffic cleared just then and Julie was able to accelerate past the bus and a couple of other cars so that we were no longer overlooked. There was a damp stain on my jeans pocket when I checked it a few minutes later.

Frank began to look most strange. He suddenly tensed and shuddered. We stopped again to make a sharp turn across the traffic and whilst waiting for a gap Julie turned and grinned at him; "you've just done something in your pants haven't you?" 

He nodded sheepishly. 

"Can't see anything though," she examined his crotch minutely, "Yes I can - a small damp patch."

"That's not piss that's spunk." She prodded it and licked her finger. "OK it is spunk I'll let you off for now.

A loud hoot from the car behind brought her attention back to the traffic and we had to move off. Soon we were out in open country again.

It was 1.02 when we finally entered Tunbridge wells and I was getting well past 3 on the scale. All the others were becoming pretty fidgety as well. We pulled into a large public car park and Julie eased us into a space and shut off the motor. "Come on," she said, "lets check out those antiques. Are you coming Anna or would you rather stay here?"

"Just you try and stop me. I may be wet but you're with me, so you're embarrassed too. Dickie how's the stats?" 

"You lasted two hours and thirteen minutes between your piss in the kitchen and your first flood; and since 9.40 you have had half a pint of juice and one and a half pints of coffee at the start and another third of a pint half an hour ago. I'd guess you pissed rather less than a pint so you have got a lot inside you yet. 

Anna grinned from ear to ear. "That is a great achievement for me I've held twice as much as I usually do for three times as long. Normally I have to go within half an hour of drinking a pint or more and never produce more than two thirds." She did a little dance. "I can hold it, I can hold it."

"And now you bet I have a lot more inside me. In fact I'm full again and I don't intend to hold it any longer and I want an audience. Even more I want to see YOUR downfall, Frank, so there is no way I'm letting you out of my sight." She got out of the car and went and stood a few paces away in an empty parking space. Her back view was a wonder already her ass was soaked all the way up to her belt and so were the backs of her legs as far as her knees. Two dark lines ran down into the back of her boots. In front she was wet in the crotch but mostly dry below. 

She half crouched and pressed her hands into her crotch in the classic trying to hold it position. "Help I can't wait any more, I'm wetting myself and it's all your fault Frank, look what you made me do!" she called in a piercing voice. Lots of people looked round as she started to piss. The already wet patch was mostly hidden behind her hands as the piss quickly rewet it the fabric glistened and then the urine spread rapidly all the way down her inner thighs, her shins and into her short boots overflowing the tops and pouring across the tarmac. As her hands were pressed into her crotch in her crotch a lot of the piss spurted from between her fingers it was also spread sideways and down the front of her thighs. 

"My god look at that woman she's wetting her self, hasm't even got the decency to try and hide it, some people have no sense of decency." A middle aged woman tutted and turned away. 

"Cor look at that." - "Wow cop an eyeful" - "kinky" - "Eeeeerrr dirty cow." A group of teenage lads ogled openly and made obscene gestures rubbing their hands up and down their crotches and simulating pelvic thrusts. 

The few other people around stared curiously for a moment and then hurried away, they were more embarrassed than she was.

Frank was jumping up and down with glee. "Man you do look a sight." The fronts of her legs were now as saturated as the backs and I was so excited I would have only needed a little rub to come in my pants like Frank had. 

Anna called out as the flow subsided "There; now I am really wet how's that for an eyeful you voyeurs?" She squeezed her hands into her crotch making the piss trapped in the fabric ooze between her fingers and then brought them up to make two wet hand prints on her tits.

She then said in quite a loud voice; "You're next Frankie' by the look of you." He was getting really fidgety. "OK show's over if I can ignore my state you can too." Anna put her hands in her pockets and started to walk nonchalantly across the car park to the roped off section where the market was. 

We toured the market of looking at the furniture and bric-a-brac stalls until we got to one stall where the perfect rocker was on show. Julie haggled with the man for what seemed ages while I jigged around in the background. Frank and Julie were arm in arm just behind us but not obviously with us. I definitely needed to go now and Frank was looking quite desperate. Julie must have been as full as the rest of us and yet seemed as cool and steady as if she had emptied her bladder only a few minutes earlier. Finally Julie agreed a figure with the stallholder, exactly two thirds of the asking price, which was what it was worth. She passed over the cash and Frank and I were called to carry it to the car.

Now we had to stop jigging and carefully carry an awkward item of furniture through the crowded isles to the car. Somehow we managed it and stayed dry but as soon as the chair was set down behind the VW Frank grabbed his crotch and started jigging around like mad. "Anna please undo me I need a bog I'm going to shit myself."

"No way. that's what it feels like, like your whole insides are going to dump, but it's only the pressure of your bladder on your gut, let your piss out and you'll be all right."

"No really I'll shit myself."

Anna looked doubtfully at me. I shook my head, "He's bluffing and anyway so what if he does."

Frank hopped around like mad for a while longer pleading with her and almost sobbing. It was 1.53 the shopping had taken forty minutes and my pressure was about a 4.

Anna still looked sorry for him but stood firm. She gave him a beautiful smile and said. "You agreed to this because you so wanted to see me wet in public. Well you got what you wanted and got off on it as well. Now it's your turn to be embarrassed and mine to enjoy the spectacle."

Whilst they were arguing Julie and I had loaded the chair onto the rear luggage rack of the VW and chained it in place. "OK guys lets get some lunch I'm hungry and thirsty." There's a pub just over the road. I led the way out of the car park and up the road which was lined with small shops, mostly selling antiques. I wanted Frank to be in a much more public place before he leaked and he was getting seriously desperate, about 5 on the scale judging by his pained expression. Julie too had finally begun to jig around pretty energetically.

Anna now was in no hurry. "I want to look in some of these." She hung on Franks arm and progressed very slowly up the road admiring things in the windows. Although I was getting more and more desperate I also wanted to see Frank's downfall as he was proving to be very much the type that loves to embarrass others whilst staying cool himself; so I made myself go slowly to see what they did.

One shop sold fascinating candles and associated objects and here Anna came to a complete halt. She stared for a long time at the display asking Frank which he liked best. He was jigging fit to burst any second and not really listening. 

"Frank darling, go in and get those two for me will you." She pointed to a pair of fat yellow candles on iron spike holders. 

He looked at her blankly.

"Those two candles. - Please Frank I want to buy them and they probably won't serve me in this state. - Go on please."

He finally realised what she was asking and looked at me desperately.

"Behave absolutely normally and ignore the waterworks that's what we agreed. Best get on with it so you have more chance of completing before the dam breaks."

He looked pained as he accepted Anna's money and entered the shop through it's low door. I followed him in whilst Julie stayed outside with Anna. The shop was crowded and we had to wait what seemed an age to be served. And then the elderly assistant said they did not have any more exactly the same, and went to get the key for the window. This she took an age to find and all the time Frank was getting more and more agitated cramping his legs together and squeezing his prick surreptitiously whenever he thought no-one was looking.

Finally the candles were retrieved from the window and approved with a quick nod from Frank. The woman took an age to wrap them carefully in tissue before placing them in a carrier. When handed over the Ј50 note that Anna had given him and the assistant disappeared again looking for change.

another age seemed to pass and I watched fascinated as a dark patch began to form on Frank's pale washed out denim jeans. He glanced down at it an horror and grabbed his crotch hard, making no further attempt to conceal his actions. The patch spread sideways and down his left thigh. Somehow he managed to stop the flow it as the woman came back with the money but it was already very obvious that he was wet.

She handed him his change and stared straight at his crotch shaking her head. She then laughed "Well young man I'd have offered you the toilet if you had asked but it seems a bit late now."

Frank who had turned a dark beetroot colour muttered something inaudible and fled the shop. As he went his dam well and truly burst and he just managed to cross the threshold before the resulting cataract hit the floor. He went and stood in the gutter as the piss flooded down his legs.

I checked the time: 2.18.

Anna hugged and kissed him grinding her already wet crotch into his flooding bulge. "Thank you Frank that was worth waiting for."

He suddenly stopped looking pained and scared and kissed her back. "I guess we are even now Anna. Oh my god Anna I do love you. Anna .... Anna .... Anna." 

We were still in a crowded street and suddenly Frank looked around horrified at all the stares he was getting and then; "Yahoo freedom!" he grabbed Anna's hands and swung her round and round before pulling her into another wet embrace.

Julie and I applauded. "Well done you two now lets get that lunch while there is somebody dry enough to buy it. Then we were running down the road to the pub. She to grab a table in the garden, there was no way at least two of us were going to be allowed inside, and me to order lunch. 

I reached the bar and had to wait what seemed an interminable time before I was served. Somehow 'though I was able to stand still as I ordered four pints and four ploughman's lunches. I carried the drinks outside and found the others getting settled at the back of the large pub garden. Frank and Anna looked happy and relaxed with their backs to the boundary fence and their lower halves concealed by the table. They took their pints enthusiastically and raised them to their lips cuddled together and each drinking out of the other's glass. They looked closer in all senses of the word public wetting together had done wonders for them.

I sat gingerly down beside Julie and sipped my drink warily. I was still in control, just, but knew I could not last much longer my guts seemed to be tied in a knot and I was beginning to feel the need to dump that Frank had described earlier. The food was brought by a pretty young staff member who eyed our wriggles with raised eyebrows and a grin. I concentrated carefully on my bread, cheese and salad washing it down with the beer.

"It's terrific this we each understand the other so much better. Now I've seen Frank wet himself in public like this and he's done it himself, so he knows how I felt when I had an accident, he knows not to push me too hard. And I too know that the world won't fall in if I do wet so I can treat him to a show when I feel like it. I could even get hooked on the attention too, it feels SO naughty, so I will probably do it for myself as well. Thank you both for a terrific idea and for making us go through with it. Without being locked in I just know I would have dashed off to the loo in that first pub."

"Yeah, thanks guys, I'll do it again myself with or without Anna."

"Oh will you! Well I want to be there."

When we had finished eating Frank drained his glass and got his wallet out. "Lets have another round." I want to treat you all do the honours will you Dickie I don't think they would let me inside in my state of wetness."

"I'm about to give in too there is no way I can make it," I replied.

"Well don't look at ME," said Julie.

Anna gave me a knowing grin "What did your rules say Dickie? Something like we act absolutely normal until we succumb wherever we are."

"Fair's fair Dickie you normally would go." Julie added.

I got up without a word and resisting the impulse to walk with my legs pressed together headed for the bar, I was getting really desperate now about 5.9. The spasms were coming every few moments and I grabbed my crotch and squeezed hard as I crossed the yard. At the threshold I managed to pull myself together and entered the bar in a fairly normal manner.

Fortunately I managed to attract the attention of the barmaid, the same woman who had brought the food to us, almost at once. She winked at me as I paid the money and picked up the first two pints; I would have to make two journeys as they had no trays available. "Still holding it then? She laughed aloud. The glasses were brim full and difficult to carry at the best of times let alone when you are as desperate as I was. 

Somehow I got them outside and over to the trestle table without either pissing or spilling any. Julie was deep in conversation with Anna and had her legs crossed and her hand tight in her crotch. Wow I might yet beat her. She obviously had no intention of fetching the rest of the drinks so I had to ignore my desperation and return to the bar for my change and the other two pints. I got there OK pinching my dick again hard with the pressure welling inside me 5.99 at least now. 

At the bar I had to push between to other men to gather up my change, all coins thank goodness, I thrust it into my pocket, picked up the glasses, and turned around. The bar was crowded and I had to negotiate my way through the throng being careful not to spill the brimming straight pint glasses. As I moved slowly between the drinkers I could feel the end fast approaching. I could feel the first trickle enter my urethra and decided to release a little spurt slowly so that it wouldn't show until I got outside. and I felt the first hot flow into the Lycra and I managed to stop it. But almost at once another spasm followed. The only chance of stopping it would have been to grab my dick hard but I had a brimming glass in each hand I tried will power once more but my body had other ideas and suddenly it was all far too much I was in full flow and only half way to the door.

"Hey look, that guy's pissing himself."

"Where? Well bugger me so he his." 

"Open the door for him quick, he's trying to get outside."

"Hey move out the way Charlie."

Who - what?"

"Charlie move your ass."

"Why? where?"

Out the way let the man through." 

Charlie who must have weighed nearly twenty stone finally got the message and elbowed his way between two others. I headed for the gap with piss running down my legs.

Somebody held the door open and I stumbled through it slopping a little beer as I went. Miraculously only a little. The piss was however not a little and it was by this time, filling my shoes and pouring off the bottoms of my jeans. I had left a wet trail half way across the carpet which, fortunately, was dirty and beer stained already.

I emerged into the sunlight and stood on the threshold blinking in the bright light and still pissing copiously the blessed relief of an emptying bladder re-balancing my insides whilst the thrill of total exposure as the piss artist I am flooded my brain with shame and pleasure.

Still carrying the beers carefully I strolled calmly across the lawn towards my waiting and watching friends. Several kids called out and pointed to me whilst their parents studiously ignored me. 

One small boy, about four years old, stood right in front of me and said. "You've wet your pants. I used to wet mine but I'm a big boy now."

"I know" I replied "I'm a naughty boy aren't I?"

"Yes you are. A VERY naughty boy" And he ran off. I like being a naughty boy.

I set the beers down and seated myself beside Julie. They all applauded and she gave me a hug.

"Wow what a buzz. I lost it right there in the bar just as I was picking up the drinks. It caused quite a stir."

I checked the stopwatch and deducted a minute to cover the time it took me to get from the bar to here. 2.59. five and a half hours since my last piss and well over half an hour longer, and a pint of beer more, than Frank. I always used to think I had a weak bladder; not any more. 

I inspected Julie, she was still dry. I raised my pint to her. "Congratulations oh one of the awesome bladder, let us drink to your prodigious capacity." We three raised our glasses to Julie and drank deeply. 

She smiled wanly and said "to the three gallant piss artists who lost so dramatically, may your accidents all be such dramatic ones as today's. She raised the brimming pint to her lips and swallowed, and kept on swallowing until it was half gone. She set the glass down in front of her and placing her hands on the table declared; "Nearly four pints since getting up this morning. And still I haven't pissed beat that. OOOH no I shouldn't have drunk all that that was the last straw. I can't hold it."

I watched delightedly as a small dark patch appeared in her crotch as she sat. She pressed her hand hard into her crotch and stopped the flow.

I started to recount my experiences in the bar. "They all saw me except this really fat guy who was blocking my path and they were shouting and hollering at him to get out of the way and he just wasn't getting it. Finally he got it and jumped about six feet in the air. You should have seen his face."

Julie sudenly saw the funny side of the incident and burst out laughing. She slid her chair back and wriggled and kicked. Then she staggered to her feet. Her wet patch spread as she moved. Standing facing us she spread her legs slightly and rested her hands on her hips throwing her head back and laughing fit to bust. As the stains in her crotch began to spread rapidly she happened glance round. 

The barmaid was back to collect the empties. Julie cringed, started to sit down, decided it was too late and stood up again. By the time the woman reached our table she was in full flow.

She set the plates on the table and grinned at us. "Well now real piss artists, well I never, I didn't think yours was an accident and now I know it wasn't. Two at once is just too much of a coincidence especially with the bogs so close and all." She grinned at Frank and Anna; "you wet too?"

They nodded sheepishly.

"Thought so." She gathered up a tray full of empties from the next table and then turned and faced us again. Her black jeans were distinctly darker round the crotch area. One had to look for it but she had definitely pissed herself a little. She caught the direction of our gaze and winked, then turned and left without a word. Yes we all looked after her, and yes, her bum was distinctly damp as well.

"I'm going to get a pair of shiny tight black jeans." Said Anna. "Now I have better control I'll be able to last out in them; and if I don't quite manage it I can enjoy a bit of dampness without it's being too noticeable." 

The time was 3.06 Julie had lasted a prodigious five and a half hours.

What a climax to a great day out. We were fifty miles from home, saturated with piss and had to go home in a totally open, bright yellow, vehicle which turned heads wherever you took it. Scary, shaky scary, almost cum scary. 

I held Julie tight and kissed her. Frank and Anna were lost in each other opposite us. Nobody said anything for some time.

At last Frank spoke. "We feel I've passed a frontier today with you two, and so does Anna. I feel so much stronger, as if I can now cope with absolutely anything."

"Me too."

"I'm glad, I can now admit I was worried that you wouldn't cope and I'd have a basket case to get home."

"Lets do a little window shopping." Julie started to get up.

We began making our way out of the garden. Two couples arm in arm. My bladder had refilled and I released its contents as we walked. Looking around at the others I observed they were all doing the same. We wandered up the high street and had a token look in a few windows. Got stared at by a few more people. And then made our way back to the car.

The journey home got us plenty more stares as we were an object of curiosity every time the traffic stopped. We all four positively lapped it up.

About two miles from home the clouds which had been gathering all afternoon resulted in a steady downpour. As the buggy had no roof of any kind we had a perfect excuse to allow the rain to totally soak us. It also meant we did not have to hose the car out when we got back or get embarrassed when we met a neighbour in the hallway as we carried the rocking chair up to the flat.

THE END

