Desperate On The Way Home
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Two teenage girls Jenny and Louise had just caught the bus on their way home from school. If they had missed it, they would’ve had to wait an hour longer for the next one. The bus was on a go-slow, because of the heavy traffic on the road. Jenny wanted to tell Louise something.

“Oh, Lou, I need the toilet!” she said.

“Me too,” replied Louise. As the bus was quite empty, they could afford the luxury of squirming openly and curtsying. They were a long way from home. The bus stopped in all that traffic.

“Oh no!” shrieked Jenny. “We’re both bursting, and we aren’t going anywhere!”

“I don’t know how we’re going to hold on like this,” Louise said.

The bus had been stuck in its current position for the last half an hour, and by this time the girls had become pretty desperate. They had squirmed, curtsyed and crossed their legs. jenny even started to hold herself through her skirt and moaning quietly. Both girls were in real trouble now. They were beginning to make loud noises and the bus drivers looked concerned.

“Hey! Stop that racket!” he shouted.

“S-sorry,” said Jenny, and both girls were trying with all their willpower to keep still.

The bus was still in its current position twenty minutes later, and the girls were becoming frantic.

“Oh no! If the bus doesn’t move soon, I’ll be going in my knickers!” said Jenny.

“I’d probably beat you to that, Jen!” joked Louise.

Both girls had closed their legs tight, and were now blatantly holding themselves. Suddenly, Louise felt a little pee seep into her knickers. She gasped.

“No, I can’t do it- not here!”

“Hey, calm down!” shouted the bus driver.

Louise tried to stem the trickle, but it was too much….. she instantly let go. The pee started to soak her knickers and skirt. Jenny was watching wide-eyed at the pee stream going down her friend’s legs. It made her want to go, so she did.

Both girls looked down at the wet mess they made on the seat. The bus then started moving as the traffic began to clear, and later the girls got off at their stop. They were at first embarrassed, but later they were thrilled at the wanting to wet themselves.

