Finally

by HotLarry

I never would have imagined this would have really happened outside of a fantasy but less than an hour ago it did!

I was sitting at one of my favorite lunch places and 3 ladies sat at the table across from me. I didn’t really notice anything unusual about them. This restaurant I eat at has a menu but they have a great buffet. They got up and got their salad and right after they sat back down the waiter brought them a bottle of wine and 3 glasses. Not a big deal. I assume it was typical girl talk with giggling and laughing. They drained the first bottle before their salad was finished.

The waiter had brought them their second bottle and filled up all their water glasses for a second time. I did notice one of them kept getting up and going to the buffet line twice as much as the other ladies but she didn’t get very much each trip and she drank almost 2 to 1 to them as well. Now I do drink a lot of water during lunch for a couple of reasons and I did empty my bladder before lunch but I was starting to feel the pressure of my 3 glasses of water. After the second bottle was empty the one lady I was watching ordered another glass of wine because the other two said no more for them.

In all it appeared she had almost a bottle of wine to herself along with 4-5 glasses of water. After the ladies finished with their main course the two lite drinkers got up and went to the ladies room that was no more than 20 feet from them. The third lady that had been really drinking ordered another glass of wine and drank another glass of water before her friends came back. She was a very fast eater and did get up many times go to refill her plate but each time was just a very small amount.

I kept watching her as she drank what must have been her 6th glass of wine and at least 7th glass of water. Now I with just my 5th glass of water could really start of feel the effects. She kept getting up getting a little something to eat. I finally noticed that she was wearing depends! I caught a glimpse of the elastic peeking out the top of her hip huggers. WOW!!! And I do mean WOW!!! Was I really going to see something I have always dreamt about??? 

Get to see a woman wet her depends in public!! I know she must have been really full and desperate for a pee!! She was doing the slow rocking back and forth on the chair to help ease the pressure. At this point I know she saw me staring at her and her rocking because I was rocking as well! I looked her right in the eyes and picked up my glass of water and drank it all down while maintaining eye contact with her. She picked up her glass and while looking me in the eyes finisher her glass of water.

As the ladies were having their dessert we each drank 2 more glasses of water. I was about to burst! I was rocking and squeezing my legs together and it took everything I had not to grab my crotch to hold on for dear life. Once dessert was done the other two ladies got up to go to the ladies room again and I just knew she was going to get up and go with them. She didn’t!! HOLY COW! Once the ladies where in the restroom all of a sudden she stopped rocking. Looked me straight in the eyes and then closed her eyes and you could see her relax. 

SHE WAS FILLING UP HER DIAPER! You know that feeling and look when someone is bursting for a pee and just lets it all go. That feeling of relief and warmth. I looked down between her legs and she opened them for me. What seemed like an eternity she did reach down and rub her crotch! My **** was so hard I was ready to *** right there!!! I have no idea how her depends held so much but not a leak anyplace! You know how you get that little shiver when you are just about done, she did that as she opened her eyes and it was wonderful! Her friends came back and they got up to leave and she gave me a little wink.

I did the nod and off they went. I couldn’t move for what seemed like hours but a few seconds passed and I could feel a few drops and knew if I didn’t get to the men’s room there was going to be a big mess in my favorite restaurant and would not be allowed back!! I high tailed it to the men’s room with my pants almost down before I got into the first stall. Pants dropped to the floor and I sat down with my butt way to the back. I peed all over my hand like I like to and it went on forever!! Had to hold my **** pointing down or would have been all over the back of the stall door. As I finally started to slow down I cupped my hand and filled it with as much pee as I could and started to rub my balls and shaft. It didn’t take long to *** after what I just witnessed! I cleaned up and left a nice big tip and am looking forward to eating there again and again and again in hopes she comes alone and has lunch with me next time.

