Two weeks had passed since the eventful sleepover at Jamie's house. Both girls had grown to need the others touch. This had led to some incredibly risky lovemaking outside their homes– at the movies, in the quiet corners of the public library, even the bathroom stalls at school. The risk of getting discovered turned them on immensely and they had barely escaped some close calls. Jamie received a phone call from Misty the day after the wetting incident at the bar. Being the experimental type and a closet wetter for many years, Misty was dying for more fun with Jamie and Kiran. However, getting to Mistys apartment during her free hours was a difficult task for the two schoolgirls living under the close supervision of their parents. A real opportunity didn't present itself until that Saturday morning.Misty had access to all the liquor she wanted, as the owner didn't mind if the girls treated themselves to a bottle every now and then. He rarely even came into the bar, just routine visits every two weeks to chat with the bartenders and sign their paycheques. It put a lot of responsibility on the girls who worked there, but they liked the freedom and the good compensation for their troubles. However, things were getting a bit difficult. Two of the six long–time bartenders had quit. One girl was pregnant and couldn't handle such a stressful job in her condition. The other was getting married to a CFO of a ladder manufacturing giant and had quit working to start life as a homemaker.The owner had found replacements, but the new girls were nowhere as experienced or dedicated. Misty and the three remaining veteran bartenders had been juggling tasks well beyond their usual duties– training the new girls who seemed disinterested most of the time, putting in extra shifts to fill the sick days the newcomers kept taking, and constantly apologizing to customers who were not used to getting sub–par service. Misty had thought about quitting numerous times over the past few weeks, but didn't want to leave her friends out on an even thinner limb. She had left several messages on her boss' voicemail regarding the tough situation, but had gotten no response. She was getting close to the end of her rope.Kiran and Jamie buzzed Misty's apartment excitedly. They had already consumed two glasses of water each prior to heading out. Kiran had gotten caught by her mother gulping down the water, one glass immediately followed by another. She had quickly explained that it was a new diet her friends on her school team had told her about. Her mom had given her a suspicious look, but had continued on with her tasks.Misty let the girls into the building and greeted them at the door wearing only a tight pink t–shirt and white panties. She had also drunk two glasses of water exactly twenty minutes ago, as the girls had agreed. Misty had to work that evening, so the girls had collectively decided to get some fluid in their bodies prior to meeting so that there was enough time to clean up after all the pee fun. There were two unopened bottles of tequila on the dining table along with pineapple juice to mix with. Jamie and Kiran stripped down to their underwear before seating themselves at the table. All three girls were wearing cotton panties like they had discussed– red for Kiran and blue for Jamie.Misty started making drinks, her hands shaking with excitement. She had always dreamed of being in a hold it competition with hot girls and now it was finally happening. The rules made it all the more exciting. Jamie and Kiran didn't have much money at their disposal so they had come up with the next best thing– sex. The winner of the competition was entitled to sexual pleasure from the two losers in any form she wanted. Misty desperately wanted to win– she had already planned what she wanted from her new friends.They started gulping down the strong drinks Misty had prepared, chatting happily about what had happened at the bar two weeks ago. Kiran had been humiliated by being forced to pee her pants in front of so many people, but it had been the most memorable sexual experience of her life. She and Jamie had fucked into the wee hours of the night and fallen into a deep slumber. They had woken up with just enough time for Jamie to drive to the airport to pick up her mother. Meanwhile, Kiran had frantically cleaned up the house. She had just managed to get the bed covers out of the dryer and on Jamie's bed as Jamie's mom entered the house. Despite the close call, Kiran still found herself helplessly turned on every time she thought back to that night. She had been masturbating to the experience daily for the past two weeks.As the girls finished their first drinks, the conversation turned to their own wetting experiences. Misty took the opportunity to share a hot story she had only posted anonymously on the internet until now. "As you can imagine, I've seen plenty of people pissing themselves at the bar– mostly gals. So three years ago, there was this one group of six Euro girls who came drinking regularly for about five weeks in the summer. They must have been here on vacation or something– I never asked, but point is they were complete bitches, spoiled to the core."She paused to collect the empty glasses and started making the second drinks. "So every time they came over, they gave me a whole lot of attitude like they had the right to boss me around. To top it all off, they always left a big mess behind for me to clean up– spilt beer all over the place, broken glasses, even a piss puddle a few times from one of them wetting herself laughing too hard. They never even left a tip for all that trouble."She stopped again to distribute drinks around the table. "Anyways, I made a plan one night to teach them a lesson they'd never forget. It was a quiet weeknight with only about a dozen people in the bar and the girls were getting rowdy like always. I noticed they always waited too long to piss– they usually visited the toilets at about the two hour mark, holding their fannies without caring who saw. So I called up my best friend from high school, she's a cop now, and told her to show up outside the bar in uniform just to give the idiots some trouble if they decided to leave. I went to a group of sweet older ladies at the far end of the bar and asked them to go into the toilets and occupy the cubicles until I came around. They took one look at the stuck–ups and agreed, knowing what I was up to. I smiled real nice and promised them a free round for their troubles once they got back."All three girls could feel their bladders filling up now. Drinking on empty stomachs, it wouldn't be long before they would need the toilet. Misty continued with her story. "Anyways, my timing was right on. Not five minutes after the ladies headed into the toilets, the tall skinny blonde jiggles her legs and grabs her hoochie. The rest of them get up with her and they're off to empty their bladders like usual or so they think. I take the opportunity to peek outside and sure enough Stacey's out there waiting in her cop car. Five minutes pass by and I'm dying to know what's going on in the washroom. I was wondering if the women would end up caving and let the girls into the cubicles once the begging started, but I guess they were pretty tough cuz the door to the ladies opened just then and the six of them were still moaning and holding themselves."Misty paused to take a deep swig of her drink. Her girlfriends were well into theirs and she was falling behind as a result of the storytelling. She could feel a growing sensation of needing the bathroom and it was really exciting her. She wondered if the wetness she felt could be seen on her panties yet. She continued, "They came crying to me to get the women out of those stalls, but I just asked them what I was supposed to do. They made up their minds to try the men's side, even though I told them they weren't allowed to. Luckily, a cowboy at the bar was listening to the whole conversation and I assume he had enough of the whiney bitches as well cuz he got up and went into the toilet just then. They sure weren't going into the men's with HIM in there. Guy looks scary with his beard and hat and all, but he's a real gentleman. He's been drinking at the bar for many years and always tips me well, good conversation too. I wasn't sure if he went into the toilet to mess with the girls or just cuz he had to pee, but I still gave him a free one on the house when he got back to his seat."Misty paused again to chug from her glass. Jamie and Kiran had almost emptied their glasses for the second time. They were all feeling the effect of the alcohol now. Misty, who had been sitting with her legs open under the table, moved her chair back to cross at the knees. "Anyways, a few of the girls were dancing pretty desperately now, so they just decided to pay their tab and find somewhere to pee. For the first time ever, they tipped me just cuz they were in way too big a hurry to wait for me to count out change for their bills. Mind you, it was still only about a three dollar tip on close to a hundred dollar tab. Even all the rushing couldn't help the one blonde. She started squirting all over the floor as they walked out. Before the door shut behind them, I heard her cry out and a solid stream jetted out from under her skirt. Too bad I couldn't fully enjoy the sight of her pissing herself cuz the door closed."Jamie and Kiran had finished their drinks and Misty quickly gulped down hers. Once again, she gathered the glasses. It was becoming a more difficult task as she was getting progressively drunker. Kiran was jiggling her legs under the table. Nearly an hour had passed since the two glasses of water. Going through the familiar motions of making the three drinks again, Misty jumped back into her story. "After that, I ran back to the ladies to let the women know they could come out now. They all thought the prank I'd played on the girls was hysterical and decided to take a rain cheque on the free drinks just so they could enjoy the show outside. The bar was empty other than an older couple sitting at the back and my cowboy buddy, so I decided to head out with them and see what Stacey was doing to those little terrors. She had them all lined up with their IDs out while she went through them taking her sweet time. She was asking questions and the whole bit, just making those bitches go through absolute hell. The petite redhead in the group had already pissed her jeans in front of her and was now crying like a little baby girl. Two of the other girls in skirts looked like they were going to lose it any second. We were all just standing out there laughing and hoping we would see a few more of them piss their panties. They knew we were there too– they kept turning around to see where the laughter was coming from."Misty raised the full glass in front of her to her lips and drank heavily. She uncrossed her legs and pressed them together tightly before continuing. "So Stacey finally let the poor gals go, warning them she would be following them to make sure they didn't drive or pop a squat in public. She sat in her car pretending to write out a report, but got out to join us as soon as the bitches had left the parking lot. One of the skirts stopped and peed herself before they even reached the bus stop about a football field away from us. The other one wet herself on the bench waiting for the bus two minutes later. Even from like a hundred yards away, we could see her pee dripping off the bench onto the pavement. The other two gals somehow managed to hold it until the bus came. I can't believe the driver let them on the bus dancing around like that. I bet they pissed themselves on it."Misty looked around the table to observe the desperation levels of her friends. Kiran had her fingers jammed in her crotch and Jamie sat hugging her legs, rocking back and forth slowly. Her own need was growing rather quickly. She felt the urge to hold her crotch as well, but wanted to hide her desperation from her opponents. It was getting difficult; she could no longer refrain from jiggling her legs and running her palms over her thighs. Judging by Kiran's struggles, it wouldn't be long before she soaked her panties. Her competition would probably end up being Jamie. The girls were halfway through their third drinks and they were all feeling quite buzzed. Kiran had been dancing in her chair for the past five minutes and finally gave up sitting down. She got up and started hobbling around with her hands in her crotch. She sighed, feeling the immediate benefit of the extra room standing up gave her bladder. She doubted she could last much longer, especially with her friends forcing her to keep drinking.They were still drinking at a relatively fast pace. Misty and Jamie were staring each other down, trying to convince each other that they were not that desperate. However, nature was getting the better of both women and they couldn't hide the involuntary signs– deep sighs, biting of lips, clenched fists, constant jiggling, and even crotch grabbing when squirts seemed imminent.The three glasses were empty five minutes later and no one made a move to refill them. It was clear that the liquid the girls had already consumed was too much for their bodies to handle. It was simply a matter of time before it was urinated out against their will. Kiran started jumping up and down in front of Misty and Jamie, extremely close to peeing herself. She had no idea why she was still trying to keep her panties dry; she was clearly not going to win. A quick squirt escaped her pussy lips. Despite clenching down tightly, a longer one escaped a minute later.Jamie watched in agony as pee dripped from Kiran's panties onto the linen floor. Her friend was starting to wet herself. Jamie couldn't remain seated a moment longer, despite knowing the satisfaction Misty would get when she stood up. She rose to her feet in a bent over position with her hands tightly clenching her vagina. Misty stood up a few seconds later, adopting the same desperate pose as Jamie.It was too much for Kiran to see. She lost control and pissed a torrent flowing through her panties and fingers. The sound of pee heavily splattering onto the floor nearly made Jamie and Misty start to wet. Their tortured moans from the two desperate girls combined with Kiran's splashing and deep sighs of relief created a beautiful symphony right there in the kitchen. Kiran removed her hands from her crotch and squatted down to continue relieving herself through the gusset of her red panties. Jamie felt herself squirt, but clenched her fingers together tightly to prevent any drips that could be seen by Misty.Kiran finally finished peeing and sat down again on her chair. Her soaked butt created a small puddle on the wooden seat as she settled in to enjoy the rest of the competition. After a couple minutes of watching her smoking hot friends struggle, she placed her legs on the table in an open stance. She lightly stroked herself through her wet underwear, rubbing harder as the girls got closer and closer to losing control of their bladders.Jamie glanced at her girlfriend with envy. She was so lucky to be able to just sit there and pleasure herself in wet panties. If this competition ended up going her way, she would think of something unpleasant to trouble Kiran with. Jamie felt herself squirt again and Kiran seemed to notice too. The sound of her fingers vigorously rubbing her clitoris intensified and loud moans filled the air. Jamie just managed to regain control, but Misty released a long squirt into her panties, wetting her hand. She glanced over nervously at Jamie who was fortunately very preoccupied with her own dilemma to notice her moist panties.Kiran was close to cumming. Her breathing had turned into short gasps. Her face was glistening with sweat and forehead was wrinkled from the tension filling her body. She had tried to slow down her rubbing so that the orgasm could be delayed for a little while longer, until her friends pissed themselves. However the scene in front of her was too hot and the temptation to touch herself was overwhelming.Jamie knew her friend was right at the edge of ecstasy– she had seen this happen several times before. It was making holding on impossible. She started involuntarily soaking her panties as Kiran came. Jamie impulsively pulled her panties aside as she lost control and leaned backwards to produce a high powerful arch that soaked Kiran as she screamed with pleasure. In the blissful moment, Kiran closed her eyes and clamped her legs shut with her hand still pushing up hard against her pussy. Jamie's hot shower drenched her bra and flowed down to her feet.When Misty saw Jamie giving Kiran a massive golden shower, she surrendered her own battle. She peed forcefully into her panties, standing absolutely still. She had been so desperate that she knew there was no chance of making it to the toilet. And once the floodgates were opened, there was no stopping the damage in her incredibly desperate state. Instead, she just peed blissfully, adding to the huge puddle on the floor.Jamie finished relieving herself and settled herself in Kiran's wet lap. The two teens patiently watched Misty pee a mighty river through her panties, down her legs, and into a lake on the floor. As the rightful winner of the competition, she would soon be telling them what they would have to do for her.
By: Full Bladder