Title: Desperate Criminal
	Category : F desp. Date : 24 Feb 2000
By: Desperado

In the fall of 1997 I had just passed my qualifying examinations for the Doctoral Program in Chemistry at the University of California at San Diego. It was time to celebrate. My girlfriend, Vicky, and I made the two hour drive from San Diego to Pasadena, the town of my birth. We planned on spending a night or two, then coming home. Pasadena is in Los Angeles County, where there is tons of fun shit to get into. Pasadena is famous for the Tournament of Roses Parade on New Years day, seen all over the world, the California Institute of Technology (Cal Tech), and Cal Tech’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). Many U.S. unmanned space missions are controlled from JPL.

It was our second night there, and we were going to go cruising around the county, looking for the shit. Well, I don’t take Vicky on long road trips without filling her up first with diuretic liquids. I mean, what would be the point? There was Vodka and o.j. before dinner, plenty of coffee and such during dinner, including soup. I’m sure she used the restroom before we left, but it often doesn’t prevent a desperate situation later. There is so much liquid still in the pipeline to her bladder when we leave, and the alcohol and caffeine in her system continue working their magic on her kidneys. And even solid food is full of moisture. Vicky is a vegetarian, and so fills up on water laden fruits and vegetables. It wasn’t long into the long ride that I began seeing the usual signs. 

She ALWAYS tries her best to hide it. I love that. Resistance is futile, sweet Vicky. Her posture is so good when she’s just starting to feel it, better than when she’s comfortable. Straight, stiff back, both feet flat on the floor, legs together (not clenched yet). She was 22 at the time, 5’3’, slim, pretty, has long, light brown hair, and was wearing a very short, white mini-skirt. Her top was some sort of pullover. Less than an hour had passed, and she already had her forearm across her abdomen, very characteristic of Vicky.

Often, she puts both forearms across her swollen bladder. When a wave of urgency comes over her, she abruptly tilts her head back, which she was now doing frequently, as if concentrating or just looking up. Many times she will pretend to be looking at something. Often, if she is desperate when we are window shopping together, she tries to fool me with that pretend bullshit. She wants to do the curtsy, or just wants to bend over for a few seconds, so she pretends to be looking at something down on the bottom of the display. (I’ll have a story later about another girl who does this exact same thing, but with much more tortured posture. Stay tuned for the Candice Chronicles).

On other occasions she just pretends to be cold (not plausible most days in San Diego), permitting all kinds of "Ooooh, I’m so burrr!" pee dancing. She’s such a fighter, and has no clue this is turns me on. Everyone has had the experience of feeling the urge building alarmingly fast, then, incredibly, subsiding. I think while the bladder is changing size and shape it must fire signals fast and furious. If, having reached some uncomfortably large volume, it finally stops filling, it’s still damn unpleasant, but not so urgent. This apparently happened to Vicky that night. 

She calmed down for a while. I keep a bottle of drinking water in the car which I frequently sip from. I always politely offer her some and she usually accepts. So all I could do for a while was enjoy the drive and get as much water into her as she would take. As it turned out, it didn’t take much. During the calm before the building storm, she laid down on her side on the seat, with her head in my lap. This was easy in the big, old car I was driving at the time. It had a long bench seat in the front. Well, I knew sooner or later her bladder would be the alarm clock that would wake her up from this blessed little escape from her desperation. By this time I was getting into Hollywood and Beverly Hills and all that shit. It was pretty fun looking at all the studios and T.V. network buildings, etc.

We had been driving aimlessly for about two hours now and I was getting tired myself. I wanted to see her frantic and get my pay-off. We were in a really ritzy section of town when she woke up. It was probably 1 a.m. There were expensive store windows to walk past, but I just wasn’t up for that. Getting her on her feet and letting the chilly night air caress her bare legs would have set-off some bladder spasms in her I’m sure, but that was apparently already happening. She sat up and her upper body and head starting jerking like a little chipmunk. She’s the only girl I’ve known who jerks like that. She does a standard pelvic squirm, too, but this jerky motion is a Vicky signature sign.

She quickly resumed her previous fetal position and settled down again. She would soon be frantic, but little did I know I would be unable to enjoy it. We headed back to Pasadena, but a freeway detour forced us off the freeway into an unfamiliar part of town, near Pasadena. I will forever regret getting lost in that burg. San Marino. Super exclusive, rich area. I was driving around on hilly, residential streets with mansions, dark as hell, trying to find my way OUT of the fucking place. Vicky was sitting up now, cuddling up next to me with her legs clamped together hard and her nails in my arm. But she STILL hadn’t said anything.

She knew we were getting close to the motel, and soon would be rescued by the White Porcelain Knight, if we could just get out of this damn neighborhood and onto a familiar road. Like bursting up through the surface of a pool, we were suddenly out, back in familiar territory. Vicky, of course, was still bursting. We were on Huntington drive - easy. We’d be back at the motel in ten minutes. The fun was over. The hell was about to begin. The car we were driving was an old, 1968 Dodge Polara. Fairly rare. Rather beat-up and sinister looking. Not what you’d expect to see in ritzy San Marino. That’s what the cops thought, too.

As we drove along Huntington drive, I saw the dreaded flashing red light in my rear-view mirror. Shit. There wasn’t a soul on the road and I was driving slow - Vicky was in dire straits and I wanted to milk it. I pulled over. A butch looking female cop comes up to the window and asks for license and registration. I give it to her. Her male partner is hanging back, observing. She’s a rookie, and he’s supervising. Great. This will probably be slow. It is. Finally, Vicky says it: "Oh god, I really have to pee!" Of course. But I can’t get all lathered up over her plight at a time like this.

Who knows what the hell this cop wants? Time drags, Vicky is getting frantic, but my mind is on MY troubles now. Her problem, which I engineered, ironically, is now an annoyance. "Christ," I thought, "what a weird-ass predicament this is." I had been driving around with an erection and was kind of sweaty from the arousal. I was wearing thin, nylon running shorts and did not want to be asked to get out of the car with a stiffy poking through the thin material. The cops come back to the car and ask me to explain where we have been and what we have been up to that night. I tell them everything.

They go back to their car for a while. Then, sure enough, they call to me to get out of my car. I do so. I’m still sweaty. We are separated by about twenty feet. Then the tough momma cop says to me, "Why don’t you start telling us the truth?" Huh? My heart sank. These two dolts in blue think we’ve been up to no good. I might get arrested. Vicky might flood the upholstery any minute, and I’ll miss it. The dumb bitch cop thinks she saw my car parked on Los Robles near the scene of a burglary. I tell them I have nothing to add to my story. I was not parked on Los Robles. They split us up.

The female cop has poor, desperate Vicky, and is questioning her. I’m sure Vicky was begging her to let her use a bathroom somewhere, anywhere. The cops thought I was on drugs because I was sweaty even though it was a very cool night. I couldn’t tell them that my girlfriend was about to burst, and that I was about to cum over it. After a lot of questioning they had us both seated on the curb together. I let the bitch in blue search the car and the trunk. No guns, drugs, booze, or stolen property were found.

Vicky finally stands up, bounces a little and curtsies with her knees together, and says, "Please everybody, I really need to pee BAD!" The female rookie is totally uninterested, unfeeling. The male, who actually seems to know what he is doing, says, "I’m sorry. Believe me, I know your pain." As I write this, it occurs to me that I can’t rule out the possibility that he was actually ENJOYING her pain, and prolonging it. But I doubt it. The two Keystone Cops confer some more. I’m sitting on the curb next to Vicky as she whimpers about being in a pee panic. I want to let go and really enjoy her desperation, but I CAN’T! Damn. I’m just too worried that I’m about to do some jail time.

Finally, the male cop apologizes, and they let us go. He says my old, beat up car looks very suspicious cruising around a town like San Marino. He gives us directions to a nearby gas station where Vicky can finally, after hours and hours, PEE! It would be tempting to embellish this story with an account of Vicky gushing pee all over the butch cop’s shiny shoes, but that just ain’t the way it happened. Vicky made it to the gas station that night dry, as far as I know.

