Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, and Masturbation.
The bus arrived and Ann and Linda got on. When they were sitting Ann looked around. They were sitting at the back of the bus and no one was near them. Ann leaned over to Linda. "I do it here IF you promise to pee through your panties on the toilet in the mall." Linda thought about it for a few seconds. She was wearing black jeans so it wouldn't show a wet spot if she pulled her pants up to her wet panties. "Deal, but I only promise to try, I don't know if I can do it!"
Ann just got up a little bit and pulled her skirt out from her bottom. She sat back down, folded her skirt up so it wasn't conspicuous but clearly showed Linda her red panties. She opened her legs and whispered, "here I go, I don't really have to go so pay attention or you'll miss it!" Ann looked Linda in her face and let go. This time nothing came out on its own accord. She really had to press a bit but then it came. Ann felt the pee coming and she had to concentrate to keep it coming but soon enough she felt the pee hit her panties. She added force and felt her clit getting wet, warm attention. At the same moment her red panties started to darken. Linda gasped, "you are doing it, some part of me really thought you were kidding. Oh wow!" Ann moaned softly while she felt her orgasm building. She also felt her bladder emptying so it was a race. Would she come first or would she run out of pee first? Linda looked at Ann and her panties and at Ann in her face. It was clear that she was enjoying her pee immensely, Linda felt her own need rise too. Seeing Ann pee had her bladder react like 'if she can go, why can't you?' 'Umm, maybe I can't because I'm wearing pants. But when we get in the mall I will pee my panties too!' Linda saw Ann come just before the hissing stopped. "Was it as good as it was yesterday?" "No! Pants are much better! It gets too easily away so you can't build pressure enough this way!" Ann and Linda talked the rest of the drive about Ann's discovery.
When the girls arrived at the mall Linda bought a large diet coke for herself and Ann. Ann had told her that having to go badly made it easier to start peeing, and since Linda was pee shy (she had to really press down if someone was with her other than Ann) she figured that filling up her bladder to the brim would most certainly make it easier to do it. Linda really wanted to pee through her panties now, but feared she would fail. They walked around the mall for some time until Linda said she wanted to go soon. 
They went to the toilet and got into a stall together. Linda lowered her pants but kept her panties on. All her lower body screamed in alarm that her panties were still on but as soon as she was sitting her bladder started to send other signals. She knew that if she didn't clamp shut and quickly pull down her panties there would be no way to avoid wet panties. So while her bum was screaming NO she told her bladder to just go. And go it did, her pee rushed out of her cunt and into her panties. As soon as the pee hit her panties it got all nice and warm and Linda knew it was going to be as good as it was for Ann. Her bum was now screaming MORE and more it got. Linda pressed down and started to really hiss when her pee gained pressure. Linda moaned and rushed to her orgasm while Ann held her hand. Her head exploded when she came and for a second she thought she would faint, so good it felt. And still her bladder hadn't yet run out. She kept on peeing, and the tell tale tingling of a pending orgasm started again. Just before her bladder ran out stars exploded in her head and softly moaning, she came again. She kept sitting for a moment and then got up. She gave Ann a small kiss on her cheek, "thanks for telling me about this, I like it a lot!" "So I saw, now stand aside and let me come too." Ann stood above the toilet, legs spread out wide and prepared to wet her panties. "Let's see if I can keep my legs dry this way and how noticeable it will be," she said and released her bladder. A stream fell down between her legs and Ann moaned in delight. Linda looked at Ann's legs while Ann was having an orgasm. When the dripping stopped Linda told Ann her legs had remained dry, but it was pretty obvious what she was doing. "I think that if you kept your legs closer together it would be less noticeable and you could do it in the open." She told Ann while they left the toilet. Linda discreetly checked out her crotch in the mirror but nothing showed. After washing her hands (for no reason at all, her hands never touched anything) she checked her crotch. It was feeling moist, but it didn't show. Back in the mall they talked it over and Linda told Ann that next time she had to pee she would just pick a quiet spot and wet her pants. They didn't show anything and Linda didn't want to miss out of any part of the joy of wetting herself. Ann said she wanted to try wetting herself standing as well then, but feared her red socks would give her away if they got wet. Therefore they went into a shoe store and bought a pair of sandals for her to pee in.
Ann changed her shoes and socks for her sandals and after that they went into a store to buy Linda her pants. They went through a lot of clothes and finally found two pair that Linda liked and Ann had found one for herself as well. Linda had bought the blue jeans she had originally gone out to buy and they both had bought black leggings for they figured it would give them the most pressured feeling without showing too much. After that they both had to pee again since they had kept drinking all the time while shopping. The shop they had bought the leggings in was at the back of the store and they found a secluded spot easily. Just when they were about to release their bladders they heard some moaning.
They thought they recognised the crying, forgot all about their wetting and went off to look and see whom it was. Around the corner was one of Linda's teenage neighbours and she was holding her belly in pain. She was standing with her mother beside one of the mall toilets that was closed off. Apparently some vandals had damaged both the male and the female toilets so badly that they were sealed off both for police investigation as well as for repairs. "I told you I had to pee Mom. You said we had to finish buying your book first and you took over an hour. I can't walk all the way to the other toilets! It hurts so much! Why didn't we go? What do I do now? Ouch!" Another spasm hit her and she doubled over in pain again. The mother was looking very sorry for her. "I'm sorry Honey, I thought I would be finished sooner, but I got lost in the books again. I thought you could go here. Now we have to walk over to the other toilets. Come quickly and we'll be there in ten minutes if we walk fast!" The girl took one step and started to cry again, doubling over in pain. "I can't walk, it hurts too much! What now?" The woman was looking over at Ann and Linda. Apparently she couldn't think of a solution. "Look Honey, if you can't walk you will have to wet yourself. That is your only option..." The girl looked at her mother. "No, that is wrong. Everybody will laugh at me. Ouch!" And she was again doubling over in pain. Ann and Linda looked at each other; they pitied the girl a lot and read in each other's eyes the same thing. They would give the right example by peeing themselves, but before they could say anything the mother spoke up. "Then we'll do it together. Then they will laugh at me, not at you. Just do it, I'm peeing too, look." 
All three looked at the mother's legs and saw her light red jeans turn dark as the pee erupted at her crotch and then spread out. She was peeing at full force now and moaned a bit. Linda focused on the girl who still was not wetting herself. "Just do it, stop the pain. We'll do it too, won't we, Ann?" Ann nodded and pointed down her legs. Pee was cascading down her legs and flowing over her feet while she peed, looking the mother in the eyes. They saw the other's pleasure and had a simultaneous orgasm. Linda, oblivious to what happened between Ann and the mother released her bladder and was rewarded with the best sensual feeling she had ever had. All around her was lost as she was drawn into the most intense sexual pleasure she had ever experienced. Ann had finished her pee and saw Linda was now in full flow as well. She turned to the girl who was looking down her legs where her pants were changing color as well while she sighed in relief. She had really held her pee and kept going the longest of all making even a bigger puddle than Ann had, even when she had been wearing jeans instead of a skirt. 
When the girl finished her pee she looked up and plainly told her mother "that wasn't gross at all, it was fun and it felt nice! I'm going to do this again sometime on purpose!" Ann and Linda looked at the mother and she looked at Ann. Knowing Ann had a simultaneous orgasm with her she couldn't deny that it felt really good, better than she had ever expected, but she didn't know what to say to her daughter. "It did feel good," while looking Ann in the eye, "didn't it? 
"But as you said people look at it as wrong and dirty. If you do it in front of your friends they are going to tease you about it! But I tell you what: if we are alone in the house and we have to pee we can do it in our clothes. But only when there are clean clothes and your father isn't coming home soon, so you should always make sure of that!" "You are going to do it too Mom? Wow, that will be neat!" "You know what? Tomorrow we are going to water–world together and then we will skip the toilets and just go in our panties under our skirts all day, okay?" "Yes, that will be fun too. It feels so good!" With that the girl walked off to their car. "And we all know we will wet ourselves a lot too, don't we Ann?" Ann nodded and when they walked away she told Linda how she had looked into the eyes of the mother when they came together.
Linda and Ann went home to eat, pondering what they had found out. They not only liked to pee in their clothes, they had orgasms while doing just that and they were not the only ones!
By: JJ