Title: Russian Waterways

By: Frodo

My Russian Waterways cruise in 1993 was the best trip I have ever taken. The Iron Curtain had just recently fallen, and the country was experimenting with a Western economy. The Russian people loved us, as we were viewed as their economic saviours. They had not yet learned about the Ugly American.

After an unsettling experience awaiting our escort at the airport, we had boarded the riverboat in Moscow, a scary city which had not lost the Communist, controlling mentality. But the Feodor Dostoyevsky was equipped with modern water purification equipment and was accompanied by the American leaseholder and his family, so we felt safe. Our tour of Moscow was brief, and we started down the Volga, stopping at villages that seldom saw tourists.

We had been informed about the many deficiencies in Russia, including the lack of toilet paper in public restrooms. The buses that were provided at some locations were rusted hulks held together by duct tape, and the rides on the rough and chaotic roads were frightening. But the sights were incomparable, and the Russian people were generous and heartwarming.

We spent a full afternoon at Uglich, a town filled with ornate, if deteriorating, buildings built by the Tsars hundreds of years ago. I was fortunate to be able to tape the acoustical wonders in one church, where three men sounded like a full choir, filling the space with the splendor of their Orthodox chants. And the bells! How the Russian people love bells, and how lovely their ringing resounding through the village!

I was initially taken aback by the wrinkled babushka who handed me a wildflower, saying "present", and who held up her hand in refusal, repeating her one English word, when I reached into my pocket for a coin to give her. As I had learned only "please" and not "thank you" in Russian, the best I could offer was a courtly bow, which seemed to please her. Later, when I was given another flower by an even more wizened old woman, I gave her a warm hug, which I hoped had an international meaning. Perhaps she would go home and tell her grandchildren about the crazy, bearded American who had hugged her shamelessly.

There was but one public toilet in the village available to us. The tour guide offered its relief to the women first, and I contributed my little package of Kleenex to the cause. Then it was time for the men. My seatmate on the rickety bus, a rather fastidious man in his fifties, took one whiff of the odor emanating from the cubicle and stated that he'd rather wait until we got back to our boat. I had to pee rather badly, and as I didn't have to actually touch anything, I took advantage of the opportunity. Yes, it was filthy and smelly, but I could hold my breath for the time that it took me to pee.

We had another stop to make on the bumpy ride back, and the fussy gent was squirming and pressing his legs together even before we got there. He clearly did not enjoy the charming village, whose residents spilled out of their rustic homes and invited us into their gardens. I gratefully received, with another courtly bow, a large carrot that was pulled out of the carefully- tended bed for me, but my seatmate was too busy clutching himself through his pocket to take one. (By the way, the carrot was a tasty supplement to the routine potato soup that was a staple of our lunches onboard.)

As we headed back to the boat, my seatmate was in extreme distress, overtly pressing his crotch. I advised him that on a tour it was always a good idea to pee when the opportunity presents itself, and he agreed. He had avoided conversation up to this point, but perhaps because he was now so vulnerable and perhaps also to distract himself from his desperation, he became almost chatty. He explained that he never used public toilets because of the danger of disease, but I pointed out that males have the advantage of relieving themselves without contacting anything. I know of no disease in public toilets that is airborne.

His pants were wet when we got up from our seats to board the boat, and he saw that I noticed. It was doubtless because of this experience that I didn't see him on any of the other bus tours. And that's a shame, because we saw so many things on that cruise that will never be quite the same again.

The rest of the trip had no pee-events, unless you count the shock of having a female attendant in the men's room in the airport at St. Petersburg. She stood behind me as I peed, then stepped forward as soon as I was out of the way so that she could swab the cracked urinal with her brush. I suppose she was just being conscientious. By the time I had dealt with the corrupt customs officials, the moments in the men's room were quickly forgotten.

The Russian tour was the best thing I have ever done, but it was a great relief to set foot on the steps of the Lufthansa L1011, knowing that the capable and efficient Germans were now in charge.

This is a true story with very little embroidery.

Postscript: My impression of European toilets is variable. As an American tourist, I have been treated to facilities that were truly elegant, huge spaces with marble fixtures and scrupulous cleanliness. I have also relieved myself in filty holes and in toilets exposed to casual passers-by. It is fortunate that I am not "pee-shy". I still remember sharing a small trough in the UK with an older gent possessing the most enormous dong I have ever seen! (Count that among my missed opportunities.) But the primary rule of all tourists applies: Pee when the opportunity presents itself. And don't drink a whole lot unless you have identified a place to dispose of it. Big bladders make good tourists.

