Title: The Limo
	Entry to: Month 27
By: Rockin (female)

The boss had spent days trying to think of a special and unique way to thank his talented group of employees for their amazing successes with his company this year. He had always done SOMETHING for them, like fancy dinners out, or tickets to exclusive events, but this time needed to be extra special, because this little group of employees had outperformed his wildest expectations, significantly increasing his bottom line, the value of his company stock, and even the employee's own incomes.

He was reading an ad in a local magazine about a "Mystery Trip" when he realized that this would be perfect. The ad stated that it created a mystery story for a group (small or large) to solve. The "story" would require travel that the participants would not be advised of (in keeping with the "mystery" theme), usually to end at some elegant and fancy restaurant or something of the client's choice.

The boss called the company, and began making the surprise arrangements for his staff. The employees were told to meet at the office on a specified date in the afternoon, and told to be dressed as they would for a fancy dinner out. They were told they had to solve a mystery involving the mechanics of a murder in a room locked from the inside. If they successfully solved the murder story, they would be treated to an all expense paid vacation trip to their choice of several exotic locales.

To prevent cheating, they were not to be told anything about the story 'til they were gathered together, and on their way to wherever it was they would be dining that evening, which also would remain a secret until they actually arrived at the door. Only the boss knew, and he had chosen the most elegant restaurant he knew of, a mere 5 hours drive into another town. The distance was important to solving the mystery, they would have more time and more clues.

The anticipated day finally arrived and the boss' staff were excited. There was 5 in the group. Lila, a striking redhead with a fiery spirit to match, Jeannie, a petite blonde, rather shy, but very bright, Krista, a magnificent black woman who never appeared to realize just how lovely she was. Mario, a stocky, friendly man of Italian descent, with dark eyes and jet black hair, Jason, a tall, handsome man who was very fastidious, even "anal" about everything, which annoyed the others, but he was good at his job, and that was all that really mattered.

The staff were told the rules of the game. They were to board a beautiful limousine, they would not be told where they were going or how long it take. They couldn't ask the driver anything and a special partition between them and the driver had been installed to prevent any contact. Within the limo were all the clues to solve the mystery.

The limo pulled up to the office. It was incredible. Inside were plush white velvety seats, and a custom handmade white rug with beautiful art decorated the floor. There was a massively stocked bar and a video television, along with 2 computers, Internet access, and games. The little staff was in awe. It was so beautiful. They, too, looked awesome, the women were wearing graceful evening gowns with lots of expensive decorations, the men were in their best Armani suits, both in shades of light brown.

They clambered aboard. Jeannie and Jason sat across from Mario, Krista and Lila. Lila immediately popped open the bar. Soon, all were mixing and pouring their favorite drinks. After one drink, Jason suggested they stop, before they got tipsy and couldn't solve the required mystery. "Oh, geez, Jason," said Mario, "We're just going down the block to some dumbass dinner place, not enough time to even get buzzed!" Jason wondered about this... it was probably true, every year for the last 8, they had gone to some local place, why should this evening be any different? Plus the whole mystery idea excited him, he loved challenges, and a little more relaxation would be welcome. Jason poured himself another drink.

Jeannie was sipping water with every sip of her alcoholic drink. "Why are you drinking all that water, Jeannie?" asked Krista. Jeannie looked at her. "I want to enjoy this evening, too much booze without some water gives me a headache... plus, I can drink more booze this way without getting real tipsy" replied Jeannie. Everyone pondered this for a moment. Jason was the first, he certainly wanted to prolong the "slightly buzzed" feeling without feeling drunk, and he besides, he had a mystery to solve, even if the others seemed unconcerned.

Jason popped open a liter bottle of spring water. It was cool and delicious, and he realized he was somewhat thirsty. He drank the whole bottle in about two long swallows. Feeling refreshed, he poured himself another alcoholic drink. Everyone else followed suit and soon several empty liter bottles were lying about the limo. Krista picked them up. "You guys!...this car is so beautiful, lets not litter all over it!" She found a miniature trash compacter and began feeding it the refuse. 

While the little group was partying it up in the back the limo driver had a bit of an ominous secret. He was supposed to stop every hour of the trip for potty and leg stretching breaks, but unbeknownst to his employer, he was a closet watersport watcher and was currently observing the antics of the group in the back of the car with a video camera. They were consuming rather large amounts of liquids, and as he watched the cute little blonde giggle and shake her boobs, and the redhead... (was she red "down there"?) and the black girl... what a looker, he knew he was in for a special evening. He paid little attention the men except to applaud them silently as they poured yet more drinks for the girls. He knew there was no way he would be making ANY of the scheduled potty stops.

They were about an hour and 30 minutes into the trip when Jeannie commented that it seemed they had been traveling a long while. What she didn't say was she was starting to feel the effects of all the liquids, and knew she'd need a toilet fairly soon. Jason also was feeling the first tingles of fullness. No urge yet, but the thought preyed on his mind for a moment. Another 30 minutes and Jeannie was beginning to feel desperate, more so because she had no idea when they would stop, and also because she was shy. The thought of alerting her co workers to her condition was nearly unthinkable. By this time, Lila, Krista and Mario were all having similar thoughts about when the car would stop, all three realized they were beginning to suffer uncomfortably full bladders. 

Jeannie's bladder was small, and she'd had occassional accidents in the past, but never in a fancy elegant limo surrounded by her co workers. She just had to hold it, she just couldn't have an accident here. Her pussy was throbbing with the effort and she was squirming visibly. Jason, being seated next to her, felt the squirming against his leg. "Something wrong, Jean?... you feeling okay?" 

"Uh, yeah, just fine," she replied," Just been sitting too long... need a stretch."

Jason suspected she needed more than a stretch, as his own bladder seemed to be swelling against his will. He thought he should let the driver know they needed to stretch their legs, and pounded on the partition. "Hey, up there! We need to stretch!" The driver appeared to not hear him. 

"Guess he can't hear us" said Mario. "He's not supposed to, anyway." But Mario was feeling more uncomfortable himself, and added his own effort to pounding on the window. Still no response. "It can't be much longer, we've been on the road over two hours."

Jeannie began to realize she couldn't hold it any longer. Every fiber of being was screaming to release her throbbing bladder. She needed to go so bad she hurt. Her legs were clamped so tightly together, they ached. She thought once more about saying something, but couldn't do it. Suddenly a spurt of hot urine shot from between her legs. She gasped almost inaudibly. Oh my God! She thought. She was about to wet herself. The driver of the limo saw her gasp and clamp her hands in her pussy. He suspected she had released a spurt of pee but couldn't tell for sure. Jason heard the little gasp and saw Jeannie grab her crotch. As bad as Jason needed to go himself, he found watching Jeannie struggle with the same dilemma was arousing him. His cock, already tumescent with the need to pee, hardened visibly along his leg. The driver of the limo was having the same reaction, as his cock swelled at the thought of the pretty little blonde peeing herself.

Jeannie involuntarily spurted some more pee. This was a large spurt, she could feel it slap against her clamped legs, but when she expected to feel it puddle and drench the seat under her, she felt almost nothing. As she tried to ponder this, another large spurt of urine slipped past her muscle, and again she felt no residual dampness. What Jeannie didn't know was her dress being mostly layers of netting wasn't holding any liquid, it just flowed through, and the fancy limo seat was extraordinarily absorbent. Suddenly her bladder just gave way, she felt a flood of burning hot urine pouring from between her clamped legs. Surely this would slosh out and alert everyone to her accident.

But just as soon as the piss left her pussy it was sucked up by the limo's odd upholstery. Like a modern incontinent diaper, the seat just pulled the mess away from her. She began to relax and enjoy the release. It seemed to take forever to finish peeing, but soon her bladder was empty and although her panties were soaked, her butt was comparatively dry. Amazing!

Jason felt Jeannie squirm some more, and as bad as he was aching to relieve himself, he was getting terribly turned on. He nudged her again. "You okay?" Jeannie, completely empty and relaxed at this point, said "Sure....why?" Jason felt a momentary spasm as his bladder screamed against his throbbing cock. He squirmed visibly to hold it. "Oh, nothing," replied Jason, "Just thought you were uncomfortable again." And it suddenly dawned on Jeannie that he was suffering from the same problem she just solved. Jeannie didn't like Jason much, he could be so obnoxious, even mean at times. She began to enjoy his predicament. 

The limo driver noticed that the cute blonde seemed suddenly relaxed, no more fidgeting, no squirming. He was mystified. Surely she should have pissed herself by now, but there was no evidence of it. 

Lila, Mario and Krista, were all in focused concentration of holding their own bladders, so much so that they pretty much were ignoring one another to keep holding it.

Jason now felt his bladder spasm again. He bent over in pain. He was in misery. His legs were crossed hard, and one hand was in his crotch desperately squeezing the head of his dick. What was he gonna do? There was no where in this car to go and the driver obviously wasn't pulling over anytime soon. His gut ached. He thought about pulling his dick out and peeing in one of the discarded bottles. Yeah... that might work, he rose up and in the same instant, realized the empty bottles were gone, thanks to that bitch, Krista, and that a big spurt of hot piss had somehow escaped his strains to keep it in and was staining the leg of his expensive Armani suit.

Not only was he about to humiliate himself, he was about to ruin a very nice suit. Jeannie began to finally feel sorry for him. She thought about telling him about the highly absorbent seats, but then thought better of it, as they would all realize she had done it there first. Better to seem like she was good at holding it. She felt Jason stiffen again. "Jas... what's the matter?"

"I gotta go", he said softly, I gotta go so freakin' bad! I just can't hold it any longer, it hurts... Oh God, I gotta go so bad!. Jeannie thought quickly. "Do you have any condoms?" 

"Condoms? Yeah, but for what? I don't need to fuck, I need to piss...." Jason was again gripped with a spasm of unbelievable proportions. It seemed to slug him right in the bladder and another burning hot pulse of piss shot into his Armani slacks. 

"Jason", said Jeannie, "I've heard that condoms can hold a lot of fluid." 

Jason was so desperate, he looked at her. "You want me to go in a condom?" Jeannie suggested it was worth a try and that she would stand in front of him facing away so he could put one on in privacy. Jason agreed to try, he was so desperate at this point. He dug a condom out of his wallet, the simple action again causing him to spasm in reaction to his bursting bladder. It took every muscle he had this time, he doubled over and gripped his muscles for all he was worth, along with a thumb jammed down hard on his cock. He realized he couldn't do it alone and keep from losing control. 

"Jeannie? Could you help me with this? I don't think I can do it."

Jeannie felt slightly repulsed, but the look of complete desperation on his face softened her and she agreed. She unrolled the condom while he tugged his throbbingly pained dick from his slacks. As she leaned over him, flashing her lovely breasts to put it on, even in his dire desperation, his cock became more erect. She only slipped it on halfway so there would be more room for the urine. 

Jason felt her hands on his cock and felt his arousal again. He had to go so bad, there was no time for this. He focused on his bladder. "I'm gonna let go" he told Jeannie. "Okay," she said, "but try not to explode, go as slow as you can, I don't know how long this will hold." Jason untensed his bladder muscles, and immediately a large sluice of hot piss poured from his dick into the condom.

"Easy," Jeannie admonished, don't break this thing!" More piss was flowing into the condom, huge copious amounts, and the condom was swelling like a fat sausage balloon. "STOP!" snapped Jeannie, but Jason couldn't, and the condom stretched to unbelievable proportions. "Please, stop, Jason, it's too swollen, it's about to burst!" And it that moment, the condom burst, sending it's hot, fetid, contents all over Jason, Jeannie, the Armani suit, and the white rug of the limo. And still Jason couldn't stop pissing himself. 

Meanwhile, Mario was watching all this with a grin. He never thought he'd see the day that Jason would get finally get humiliated. Mario needed to pee pretty desperately himself, and had really been worried how he was gonna announce to these people that he was about to stick his dick out the window and let fly. Now it had been decided for him... nothing he could do could out do what he'd just observed. He stood up, a bit carefully, unzipped, and reached for the window button. Which didn't work. He tried the others, nothing opened.

And his bladder, which had been so ready to release suddenly punished him for this new delay. A cramp, and a spasm, and hot piss shot up towards his belly button. "FUCK!" He yelled, as the piss came through the front of his slacks. Jason, now feeling a great sense of relief, offered Mario a condom.

Mario momentarily thought about it, but it was too late. A wave of urgency overcame Mario, and he gave in. A great torrent of steaming hot, smelly urine rushed from his pained bladder. It soaked his stomach, pants, and drained onto the floor and into his Italian leather shoes. He sank back into the seat, utterly relieved and feeling defeated.

Lila and Krista watched everything in horror. They both had to go badly. Both had her hands clamped in her crotch as waves of urgency came and went. Lila started to cry. She had to pee so badly, and she was so close to losing her hold on herself. Rather than ruin her fancy dress she gave up on modesty and pulled it off over her head. 

The men were instantly at attention, their now relieved cocks suddenly desperate for another kind of relief. Lila's skin was lightly freckled, and her breasts were soft white creamy mounds. Her pussy hair was shockingly red and as they watched a spurt of her delicate hot pee shoot forth, wetting those glorious red hairs and turning them dark.

"Wait!" shouted Krista. Lila couldn't, and more pee dribbled down. Lila looked at Krista imploringly, "I can't help it, she sobbed." Krista got on her knees, pulling her own dress off over her head, and thrusting her face into Lila's pissing steaming pussy. Krista's brilliant black skin against the white contrast of Lila's skin and the slurping wet sounds were too much for Mario, he shot a load of come into his pee soaked slacks. 

Krista still had to pee badly, but her horniess for Lila overtook her. Lila still had only peed a fraction of what she was holding. "Lay down, Lila," Krista suggested.

"I still need to go, Krista." Lila said.

"I know, honey, so do I". With that, Krista began to masturbate Lila's pussy, and in turn, directed Lila's hand to masturbate hers. Lila was horrified. She was down on the floor, desperate to pee, with a WOMAN stroking her clit and expecting the same from her. For a brief instant she was completely repulsed, but nature took over and she suddenly realized she couldn't remember ever feeling so hot, so horny, so turned on, so desperate, and... unbelievably, so in love. She realized she was in love with Krista, and had been for some time, but couldn't admit it, even to herself, lest be coined a lesbian.

Krista felt the stroking in her pussy heat up, and knew that Lila was finally enjoying this new adventure. Krista felt her orgasm build alongside her desperate need to pee. She whispered to Lila, "Honey...I'm gonna come, and it's gonna be wet... will you be okay" Lila was about to have an orgasm herself, and said so. In the next moment, both girls succumbed to their orgasms at the same moment. The sudden muscle contraction forced the pent up urine from both girls and it splattered hotly and magnificently in glorious pools around them. They both continued to pee all over each other and the limo's floor till they were drained. A moment later, Krista felt something rub against her backside. It was Jason's cock. It was hard as a rock.

"Would you believe I need to pee again?" he asked. Krista began to want his cock inside her, another orgasm was building. But she refused to let go of her newfound lover, Lila. Positioning herself above Lila, with her mouth furiously kissing the sweet redhead, she stuck her perfect black bottom up in the air. Jason needed no further encouragement. He slid his rock hard cock into her steaming pussy, and two thrusts later had a mind blowing orgasm, after which he began to pee into her pussy. As Krista felt the thrusts, and then the hot piss fill her opening, she also came, and seeming gallons of come and piss sluiced down onto Lila who reveled in the puddles and her newfound love.

Mario was fucking Jeannie, and soon he too shot a load, and Jeannie, who had filled with piss again, came with Mario, and then sluiced him with some more hot pee. The beautiful limo was soaked in piss and come and hot urgency.

All 5 of them were satiated when the limo slowed and pulled over. The driver had been watching them all and also "holding it" on purpose from early that morning. His need to urinate was incredible, but so was his need to jerk off after watching these people. His hand was stroking his hard dick, "Pee or come? Pee or come?, his bursting bladder ached, his dick throbbed. As his hand slid on a downstroke, he bumped the locking system to the limo. He was so caught up in his needs that he didn't hear the audible "click". The gang in back did, though. All of the sudden, just as he was about to come, all 5 of his charges were standing at his door, looks of fury on their faces.

Jason noticed the video camera and pointed it out to the others. "He taped us!! The freakin' pervert taped us, he humiliated us and taped us!" Mario grabbed the machine and smashed it on the tarmac. The driver looked at them and for the first time felt fear. His bladder agreed as a spasm nearly overcame him. He grabbed himself to keep from wetting and the gang all noticed. Smiles went all around and knowing looks. Jason said, "I think were about to solve our little mystery" The driver squeezed his legs together hard. A spurt of piss leaked out.

The End.

(I wrote this story while "holding it"... please forgive any errors...) 

