Self-Induced Desperation
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Slave Girl

This is my first shot at making myself desperate..

I've always had a secret kink about other people's desperation, but I don't really have an experience with my own; I've never tested my own limits - today I'm going to see how far I can push it. It's 9:30 AM, and I'm home alone; my roommate will be gone until about 5:30 or so, so I have plenty of time.

When I was younger, I was one of those kids who didn't like to use the bathroom at school; I used to hold it all day, and by the time I got home, I would have to go so bad I'd have to sit down on the couch and rock back and forth, trying to get enough control to make the seemingly endless walk down the hall to the bathroom. Once, in high school, I didn't even make it that far; I was walking home from the bus stop and my bladder just gave up on me - my pee gushed out into my jeans, soaking all the way down my legs and into my shoes.

Since I know I can hold it a long time, today I'm upping the ante a bit. It's morning, so I've had my 3 cups of coffee, which always go right through me. Plus, I'm high, which makes me horny and thirsty - perfect combo. I keep guzzling water, and I already have to go - it feels like every gulp is going straight to my bladder. It's not that bad yet, but I don't think it'll take long.

10:00 AM

Ooooh, I gotta go really bad... I can feel the walls of my bladder stretching, feel the pressure on my muscles, and it's starting to ache a little. This is happening even faster than I expected! I just drank a 20-ounce bottle of water, and I'm about to go to the kitchen and drink some more. But man, I gotta pee... I'm already squirming in my chair and scissoring my legs back and forth. I'm starting to have doubts about how long I can last. Half an hour, jeez, what a wimp. I'm not going yet... the feeling is turning me on, making me want to come. Masturbating with a full bladder is really hot - oooohhhhhh I gotta go -I'm biting my lip and rocking back and forth in my chair. Maybe getting off will help...

10:07 AM

Nope, that didn't work. Oh my GOD, I have to pee... ooooohhhhh fuck it hurts... my bladder is starting to cramp up, and I can feel the fullness, the tightness in my belly... I tried to lie on the couch and jill myself off, but I just can't. Lying down made my bladder tighten even more, made it ache so bad... argh... I'm having trouble typing already. It's ridiculous how fast this is happening. God, I gotta go so bad... I'm rocking side to side in my chair trying to type this, and it hurts... the pressure is intense. Oh my God, I have to fucking PEE! I'm gonna get some more water and go outside to smoke a cigarette... I gotta try to distract myself somehow.

10:26 AM

Holy shit, that was intense! I only made it to 10:17... what a wuss, not even an hour... but I REALLY had to go, really bad. When I stood up to go to the kitchen, this incredible wave of pressure hit me... God, it hurt so bad... I tried to walk, but straightening up was too much for me... I had to bend over a little, trying to make it to the kitchen for another glass of water; God, I was so desperate! Standing in front of the fridge, I had to grab my crotch with both hands and bounce up and down, flexing my knees, squeezing my thighs together, biting my lip... quite the pee dance. You should have seen it.

I wimped out on drinking more water - I wanted to, I really didn't think I could take the pressure. I went outside to smoke my cigarette, and sitting down made me feel a little better for a couple seconds, but my bladder was screaming at me, stretching and aching, reaching its limit - my belly was rock hard. I knew I was getting close to the end. I couldn't believe how bad I had to go.

I didn't even make it though a whole cigarette; my bladder was starting to take over my mind. I had only one thought in my head - I have to pee, I have to pee, God I have to pee SO BAD... I couldn't sit still at all - I rocked back and forth in the chair, grinding myself into the metal, trying to hold it just a little longer, my hands shaking - I didn't even care if anybody saw me squirming. I just had to go so bad. I really thought I might pee my pants.

In the end, biology won out. My full bladder was aching so bad, I just couldn't take the pain anymore. I snuffed out my cigarette and managed to limp up the stairs to try an experiment. All the way up to the second floor, I could barely hold it; I was bent halfway over, my hand pressing into my crotch, my bladder throbbing and squeezing inside me, dying to let go. I barely managed to jump into the bathtub and fall to my hands and knees before I lost the battle and my pee began to trickle out of me.

Have you ever had to pee so bad that when you finally go, you have to fight to push it out? That's what this was like. A little bit escaped, but then it stopped. My bladder was so full; I had to go so bad it hurt - but it took a quite a bit of effort to force it out. Finally, it started gushing out with a loud hissing sound, and I sighed with relief. It felt so good to finally let it go, I almost wanted to cry.

I have never peed so much in my life. It just kept coming and coming, gushing and hissing... soaking through my panties in a warm rush, into my silky white pj pants, all the way down the the back of my legs. I could hear it hitting the bathtub and pouring down the drain. Every time I thought I was empty, I would feel another twinge, and force out another gush of pee. It seemed to take forever, but God, it felt so good. Afterwards I just sat in the bathtub in my puddle for a while, feeling my heart slow down and my sweat cool as the relief washed over me. "

