This is an incident that happened a long time ago when my husband (Bill) and I were just starting to date. It was a warm day in June and Bill picked me up for a long drive in the country. We were driving aimlessly around near Hartford, CT trying to decide where to go when Bill said: "Let's drive up to Massachusetts and visit my sister." Nothing unusual happened on the long 2–hour ride to MA. We stopped and picked up some beer and a bottle of wine and arrived late in the afternoon.
When we arrived, I needed to pee but not very bad; I just had to squeeze my pee hole muscles a little tighter to keep from dribbling in my panties. Bill's sister lived alone in a 1–bedroom bungalow on the outskirts of town. She was 25 years old, about 5'4" with dark brown hair and those perky little titties that are to die for. She wasn't wearing a bra and I could see her hard little nipples pushing against her white blouse. They looked so good that I could feel my 34B tits swelling and pushing against my t–shirt. She worked as a telephone operator. We got along good right from the start. We're still good friends. She was a bridesmaid at our wedding.
We sat at the kitchen table drinking beer or wine and making small talk. The beer wasn't helping my need to pee and before long I was crossing my legs, squeezing my pussy tightly between my legs and trying not to fidget too obviously. I have always been very shy and I couldn't bring myself to ask where the bathroom was. Before long, I knew I had to do something soon because I couldn't sit still and I was squeezing my pussy between my legs for all I was worth. I had to pee so bad that it felt like I would start dribbling in my panties at any minute.
I know that some women can keep from peeing by crossing their legs or pressing their thighs together. Crossing my legs works for me if I don't have to pee too badly. When I've been holding my pee for a long time or I've been drinking beer and I'm desperate to pee, I have to rub my pussy real hard or put pressure on my pee hole. One way I do this is to put one finger of my hand right against my pee hole then pull up on that hard with the other hand. When I do that I can sit still and relax my pee hole muscles. When I re–clench my muscles they are much stronger and can hold my pee back for a while longer. Another way is to hold my panties and pull them up tight against my pussy. I can't do any of these things if anyone can see me. I can also slide forward and press my pussy against the seat of my chair. I can hold my pee for a long time without fidgeting as long as I can somehow press on my pee hole.
When I'm desperate to pee I get very horny and my clit gets super sensitive. When I'm on the verge of peeing in my panties, I' m so sexually excited that I can often climax just by rubbing my clit or my pussy lips lightly thru my panties. I was wearing white short shorts and high cut cotton bikini panties. I can't remember what color my panties were but they were probably white because I don't like to have my panties show thru the light fabric of my shorts.
A few times, when no one was looking, I was able to put my hand up the leg of my shorts and give my pussy a good rub thru my panties. My panties were damp even though I hadn't dribbled any pee into them. My pussy gets very wet when I have to pee. Some soft music was playing on the stereo and I was wiggling around in time to the music trying to pull my panties up tighter against my pussy. By this time, I had to pee so bad that I thought I would have to keep my hand between my legs pressing on my pee hole.
Just when I was about to start dribbling pee into my panties, a pizza was delivered and Bill said, "Honey, if you want to wash up before we eat, the bathroom is right over there." It was in a little room right near the kitchen. Bill later told me that he had been watching me out of the corner of his eye and realized that I had to pee and knew I was to shy to ask where the bathroom was. He also told me that he had often seen me fidgeting and crossing my legs when I had to pee. He said that knowing that I had to pee excited him and he could tell how bad I had to pee by the way I would fidget. At that time I didn't know that it turned him on to see women fidget when they had to pee. Since then he has seen me fidget many times because it seems like I always have to pee. I also like to hold my pee until the last minute so he often sees me at home holding my pussy or doing a little pee pee dance. Sometimes he will feel my panties to see if I've peed in them yet. Lots of times I'll have on wet panties because it feels so good to let out little squirts of pee into my panties. 
I said, "thank you" and started to stand up when I felt a quick spurt of pee go into my panties. Somehow I managed to squeeze my thighs together and walk over to the bathroom without dribbling any more. As soon as I closed the door I grabbed my pussy with both hands and leaned against the door until I gained control enough to walk over to the toilet. If I could have just pulled down my shorts and panties and peed it would have solved my problem, but it wasn't that easy. The bathroom was very close to the kitchen and I could hear Bill and his sister talking. I was ashamed to have anyone hear me pee, but I had no choice. I had to either pee in the toilet or in my panties. I had on cotton panties with a double crotch so I knew I could let some pee into them without it showing, but I had already squirted in them and they were getting pretty wet.
Now that no one could see me, I was dancing around squeezing my pussy with one hand and trying to get my shorts and panties down with the other hand. It seems like such an easy thing to do; just slide your panties down, but when you're desperate to pee and the only thing holding the pee in is your hand pushing your panties up tight against your pee hole then it can be a big struggle.
Somehow I managed to get my panties down and sit down without any more pee squirting out. Then I realized that I had built up a lot of gas. I sat there wiggling around on the seat and thinking that, if I relaxed my muscles to pee, I would also let out an embarrassing fart that could be heard in the next room. Before I could do anything else, my muscles let go and out came a powerful jet of pee and a short sharp wet fart. That squirt of pee was under so much pressure that it hit the bowl and bounced back up on my thighs. The little wet fart wasn't too loud but it seemed to me that it could be heard across the street.
It was such a relief to finally be able to pee after holding it for so long that my muscles just relaxed and the pee came gushing out. I sat there peeing and farting for what seemed like 5 minutes but was probably not more that 30 seconds. After I finished peeing I was exhausted and had to sit there and rest for a few minutes. I carefully patted my pussy dry. I was afraid that if I rubbed it I would climax and make some noise that could be heard. I was still highly aroused and my pussy lips were puffy and very sensitive. I had to dry my legs with some toilet paper. My panties were just a little damp from that first squirt of pee so I pulled them and my shorts back up and washed my hands.
I went back in the kitchen and had some pizza and more beer. I was nervous and embarrassed but I don't think they heard me peeing or farting because Bill never mentioned it to me. Bill saved me from peeing in my panties and I was so thankful that I let him play with my panties and my pussy on the way home. Now I often squirt a little pee into my panties and Bill just loves to feel my pussy thru my wet panties. He says my panties always smell much better after I squirt a little pee into them. Sometimes he will feel of my panties and, if they're dry he will just press them against my pussy. I know he wants me to let out a squirt of pee so he can play with my wet panties.
Bill and I play lots of pee games now, but I don't think I've ever been as desperate to pee, as I was that day at his sister's house.
LadyBene