My Wet Evening With Donna
	(Female Desperation)
Written by The Jester

I remember the first time I met Donna when she worked at Fashion Bug, a clothing store for women. I went in there with a friend of mine before Christmas to buy some new panty hose for his girlfriend.

When Donna came out to help us, I couldn't help but think she was definitely my kind of woman. She was very attractive, well-built, friendly, outgoing and extremely fun-loving. She was in her late twenties, blonde hair, slender build and newly separated from her husband, there was no way I could let her go. Well anyway, Donna was helping my friend choose the right pair of panties his girlfriend can enjoy and I decided to pick something up for my mom.

After our purchase and a very pleasant conversation with our new friend, my friend went and kissed her on the hand so I went to give her a slight hug. Surprisingly, she pulled her arms out and hugged me back. We couldn't help but think "hope we didn't embarrass her too bad". Even that night, I was so excited by our yuletide adventure I had to call my buddy and talk about it. His only regret was he hoped his girlfriend didn't overhear it (nosy bitch she was).

A few months later, I went back there to find a gift to get my mom for Mother's Day. Of course, I insisted that Donna help me out again. After I agreed on some earrings and a new perfume she suggested, I was all set to keep up my persona as the good son. Even more surprising, as I left, Donna put her arms around me and gave me a big hug and kiss on the cheek, and said, "I wanted to do that for a long time".

Woooh that was sooo awesome. Then she handed me her business card with her number on it. I called her that night and we had a nice, long conversation and starting dating after that. It was pure heaven.

One very memorable night, one of Donna's co-workers invited us to a party at their country club. Donna was wearing a sexy red skirt with a white top and looked very nice. Of course, we pretty much spent the night drinking and flirting with each other while all the other guys (well, at least in my mind) were green with envy. After about 3 or 4 drinks, Donna was outside on the deck smoking a cigarette when I decided to join her. After a little kinkiness between us, Donna took one last gulp of her drink and put her cigarette out. Then suddenly she put her drink down and exclaimed, "I better get to the ladies room before I wet myself!". I had the urge to say, "Go ahead baby, I'll definitely forgive you.", but knew I'd be better off not.

Anyway, when she got to the ladies room, there was a line with about 5 other women, and Donna looked like she was ready to burst.. I couldn't believe the booze went through her that fast! She claimed she had needed to go for a while but decided to wait till the last minute..

After five minutes, the line still had not moved (the lady in the bathroom must've had explosive diarrhea or something), and Donna's patience ran out. She walked out of line. I was like "what are you doing?". She said "I can't hold it much longer, and you see how slow that line is. I don't know why they wouldn't let me go ahead, I'm gonna burst any minute!"

Of course, it was turning me on, but I just shrugged and said, "They must've been waiting a long time and they have to go too."

She said, "I know, but they don't look as desperate as I am."

Of course, none of them were as hot as she was either. I asked her if she wanted to go home, rather reluctantly. she said "No, I probably won't even make it."

She did start strolling down the stairs and when I followed her, she beckoned me close to her and said, "Don't tell anybody, but I heard there were two extra bathrooms down here. It's worth a look.".

So we went down there and, as luck would have it (she thought) the ladies room was right there. She impatiently went to open the door and, to my delight and her horror, the door was locked.

She got so frustrated at this point. I couldn't help but feel sorry for her and her agonizing bladder but, of course, I couldn't resist the desire to see this absolutely hottie get all wet like that. It would be too sexy for words.

She proclaimed: "There was something very important I forgot. You need a key for down here!". I sheepishly offered to get it for her, she said rather disgustedly "I don't know who has it or if they're even here now. Of all the luck."

She went over to the back door and opened it, then turned to me and said, "Please wait here. I'm about to do something I've never done before." Before she could finish, I couldn't help but feel my dick get hard. "I'm gonna go in the woods over there. I'm sorry about this, but I have no alternative." Of course, I would've loved to give her the only alternative to that.

As Donna started her journey to the woods, I noticed from the door that her pace got a little slower, and even slower, and then she stopped. I snuck over to her, and as I got close to her, I noticed a drop leak from her crotch, then another drop. This turned into a sprinkle, then a gush as her skirt got totally soaked. Pee spread down her legs and make a puddle on the ground below her. When I saw her face, her eyes were tightly shut and she looked totally paralyzed.

When she finally opened her eyes again, she took one look at her soaked crotch and legs and said, "Oh my God, I can't believe what I just did. I feel like such an idiot!" Then she turned to me and said, "I can't blame you if you never wanna see me again, I'm so sorry about this."

I took her by the hand, gave her a big kiss, and replied, "Come on baby, of course I wanna see you again. A slight accident won't change things between us."

(I had to be consoling, didn't I?)

She looked kind of shocked, but smiled. "You're such a guy," then kissed me back.

Finally, I decided to let on how turned on I was by her accident, and how sexy I thought she looked. I honestly thought I'd get slapped, but instead, Donna seemed to think that this was really cool. "Wow, I heard that some guys like that, but I never really believed it. I always thought they thought it was gross."

I said, "Not me, baby. You can pee for me anytime you want."

She even said, half-jokingly "Sure, I just might do that."

At that point, there was no need to go back to the party and we spent the rest of the night in the car and it was one of the most wonderful nights of our lives.

