Two Tourists - A tale and a sequel (part 2)

By Francine 

Chapter 2. English at Last

The car stopped in front of an official looking building in the town of Novorosk. The escorting officer opened the door, and indicated they were to come out. They entered the rather drab building, passed a number of uniformed persons whom they assumed to be police, and were taken to a fairly large room with several benches. "Wait!" the escort ordered them. They sat down, and waited.

A female in a military style uniform came in, evidently to keep an eye on them. She sat beside the door. Their escort left. Time dragged on. They waited and waited. The room had a small water dispenser, from which a glass of water might be obtained, and two rooms that were evidently toilets. They made use of the facilities and helped themselves to the water. The female guard seemed to tolerate these actions, but said nothing to them.

After they had been in the room almost two hours, a uniformed militiaman entered, and called out, "Irma Bradley!" Irma stood up. "That's me," she answered. The man indicated she was to come with him. She followed down a hallway, and then into an office. The room was the usual drab official style, furnished with an old desk, a couple of chairs, and an assortment of shelves holding papers and books. She was offered a chair.

Behind the desk was a man in a military or police uniform, slender, perhaps about forty. He smiled at her. Then he addressed her, in rather good English. "I am Vassily Kuznetov. I am, as you might say, an officer of the Novorosk militia, or police, to you. You have been referred to me, I have been told, because you do not speak Russian or Ukrainian, and you are foreigners. Sometimes persons are sent here because my English is perhaps a bit better than that of some of our men at the customs posts. I have been given some information about you, and it is my task to deal with you so we can resolve this matter-"

Irma could not contain herself. "We have been taken from the airport! Our luggage was taken from us! Our passports were taken! We have missed our flight! No one understands us, or can tell us what we are expected to do - then we were brought here and you kept us waiting for two hours! I insist you tell us exactly what you expect us to do, and let us get back to the airport as quickly as possible!" 

Vassily listened to her outburst with as much patience as he could muster. He allowed her to finish. Then he told her, "Miss Bradley, you are charged with violation of the currency control laws and attempting to export prohibited items. You were found with rubles in your possession, as you were about to embark on a flight out of the country. You were found with antique artwork in your luggage, for which you had no export permit. You had not declared either to customs. You had, in fact, wrapped the paintings in articles of clothing, in an evident attempt to hide them from inspection. These are serious matters.

"Further, the value of the artwork and the currency in your possession would seem to considerably exceed the value of foreign currency you brought into the country and legally exchanged. This suggests that you have engaged in foreign currency transactions at places not authorized to do such business. These are serious charges. Do you deny them?" 

Irma was furious. "We declared all of the money we had when we entered the country. Why do you care where we spent it? We paid for everything we bought! We stole nothing! We're Americans! You can't hold us against our will! We have rights!" 

"In our country," Vassily went on calmly, "We have laws that govern where you can exchange money, and what you can bring in or take out of the country. They may not be like the laws of your country, but they are our laws, and while you are here you must abide by them. The charges against you are quite serious, and it may take some time to deal with them- "

Irma interrupted him. "We are not going to stay in this place! You have no right to hold us! If you must, you can keep the things you found in my suitcase, but you have no right to hold me! I know my position! I am American, and I demand to see the consulate!"

"You will have opportunity to make your defense, Miss Bradley," Vassily answered. "In due course. We may allow you to contact the American consulate, but it is not that time as of yet. As for the items in your suitcase, we shall indeed hold them. We intend to find out where you acquired them, and how or if you paid for them. You may have had an accomplice. What is your friend's position in all this?"

"Helen's not involved - she was only traveling with me! You can't hold her responsible! Everything that was found was in my suitcase- and I paid for every bit of it!"

"In that case", Vassily went on, "it is possible there will not be charges against her. But it is too early to say. We will need some statements from both of you--"

"I've told you enough! I know how you people try to get confessions, and I am not about to do something like that! I want a proper legal defense, and I want to talk to the consulate! And Helen's innocent - you can release her right now! You're nothing but a cheap bureaucrat trying to flout your authority! And I won't put up with it!" Her harangue went on as she continued to protest. The officer's patience was coming to an end. He was visibly upset.

"Miss Bradley, do you understand your position? You are in serious trouble, and you're going to make it worse! It will be much easier if you will cooperate--"

"Cooperate?" she exploded. "Why should I cooperate? You just want me to confess to something that you're going to dream up, so that you can make a few points by shoving your stupid laws down the throats of foreign tourists! Your government wants us to come here and spend money, which is what we did! Why should I cooperate with your ridiculous bureaucratic obsessions?"

Vassily had had enough. He summoned an aide, allowing Irma to go on with her tirade.

He spoke to the aide in Russian, then addressed Irma in clear English. "Miss Bradley, I think you are not ready to cooperate with us. We need to allow you some time to consider your position. This man will take you to a place where you may do just that, and we will discuss the matter later. Go - now, with him!" He spoke briefly to the aide, then waved his hand for her to leave.

Irma walked out, her head high and her rage unabated. She had not understood the instructions Vassily had given to his aide. Perhaps it was just as well, for what he had said, roughly translated, was "This woman is becoming haughty and arrogant. I do not like arrogance. Take her away, and bring her back to me in three hours. She is in your care; but when you bring her back, I want her naked and holding a full bladder. We will see how arrogant she is then!" 

