Time Turner (Part 2)
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on September 23rd, 2010 at 3:10PM

For a split second, Dr. Liu felt herself being stretched like taffy. Then her abdomen spasmed as her bladder was suddenly desperately, painfully full again. The memory—the sensation—of wetting herself in the elevator just now was so vivid that she barely stopped herself from peeing again immediately. She tried to wipe tears from her eyes, but they were dry.

“Liu? Are you OK?”

She looked around. She was standing at her table, with her research team. It was Bob who’d asked if she were OK.

“Uh…yeah. Hand me my purse and…” Her purse and jacket weren’t on the table. She looked down at herself and saw she was already wearing them. “Do I have the Time Turner?”

“Well I hope so. I just handed it to you,” said Bob.

“It’s in your purse,” said George. “I saw you put it there.”

“You sure you’re OK,” asked Bob again.

“Yeah,” answered Dr. Liu. “Gotta go.”

Scurrying through the crowded banquet hall, she thought this was feeling sort of like ‘Groundhog Day’ after all. But where Bill Murray was doomed to relive the same 24 hours until he found true love, Dr. Liu seemed to have just under ten minutes to endure over and over until she found a way to make it to a bathroom on time. Please God, she thought, (if there is a God) let me make it this time.

There was Wiggins from High Energy Particle Physics, blocking her way to the nearest set of exit doors. If he spotted her, he’d buttonhole her about that grant proposal. She turned and headed for the other set of doors. Of course, that took her into the thick of the crowds again. Buffet tables stood at right angles to her path. Earlier, she’d have been able to cut around the nearer end next to the wall, but now the wait staff had carts there for busing the dishes and empty glasses. God, how many glasses had she emptied herself earlier in the evening? She wriggled as another wave of desperation washed over her. Clench. Hold. Keep moving. She turned once more and began shouldering her way through the thickest knot of people.

Predictably, this triggered a whole new round of well-wishing and congratulations. She found herself surrounded by what seemed like the entire Non-Euclidian Math department. “Dr. Liu! Great job! Wonderful presentation!”

She forced a smile in return. “Thanks. Excu…”

Boswell came up behind her and put an arm around her shoulders. “The mathematics alone behind your invention should net you a Nobel Prize, never mind the Time Turner itself!” he said. His breath smelled of the white wine they’d been serving with dinner.

“Mm,” was her only reply. “Yes, if you’ll just excuse me now…”

But then von Schlimm had stepped in front of her. “You’ve really put our university on the map. Stanford and Berkeley are going to look like a bunch of hacks after this.” She couldn’t help squirming as he beamed at her—just a little bounce on her toes. He thrust a glass into her hand. “A toast!”

“No,” she said. “Really, I have to…” She tried to hand the glass back, but to no avail. I have to go I have to go I have to go…! Her smile stiffened to a grimace as she clenched her thighs.

“Everybody!” said Boswell, raising his own glass, and then he broke into song:

“For she’s a jolly good fellow!

For she’s a jolly good fellow!

For she’s a jolly good fellow!

Which nobody can deny!”

This is a f*cking nightmare, thought Dr. Liu. I’m about to piss all over the floor in front of a crowd of admirers. Again. She reached past von Schlimm to set the glass down on a table. At least that stupid song is over. Now maybe they’ll let me…

“Which nobody can deny!

Which nobody can deny!

For she’s a jolly good fellow!

Which nobody can deny!”

“No!” Liu almost shouted. “Really, enough! Enough already!” Stepping from foot to foot—was she being obvious? “I really have to be going.”

“Oh, come on Liu! You’re not going back to the lab tonight, are you? Sit back and bask in the glory for one evening.”

Not nearly obvious enough, evidently. “Boswell, you’re drunk.”

“Ah, but the question, Dr. Liu, is why aren’t you? Come on, this is your night! Celebrate!” He put another glass into her hand, this one empty, and then began pouring Champaign into it. The pale golden liquid sloshed and gurgled as it filled her glass. It overflowed, splashing cold onto the back of her hand. She stepped back, flexing her knees and almost doubling over with the effort of not pissing right then and there, thought she managed to turn the gesture into one of gracefully not spilling the drink.

Boswell reached behind himself to set the bottle down on the table. It landed on top of a fork and tipped over, pouring out the rest of its contents with a slosh-glug-glug all over the table cloth and then, drip-dribble-splatter onto the floor. Liu felt herself lose a spurt. She groaned and looked up at the ceiling, but then managed to clamp down on it again. She shoved her glass at Boswell, thumping him in the chest with it hard enough to splash most of it on his shirt. She did not say to him, Boswell, get the f*ck out of my way! But she made “Good night, Boswell,” sound almost as hostile.

She turned and trotted away—had to trot, or she really would have lost it right there, but after a few steps she slowed to a stiff-legged march, clenching her glutes and mincing her gait. Damn, she could barely walk. What she needed to do was cross her legs and writhe, but no way could she do that with everyone watching. Shit, shit, shit, just a couple of more minutes. She glanced down at her watch. 8:46. She had activated the Time Turner last time at 8:49. That meant she’d pissed herself at around 8:48. Two minutes. Holy shit. How long did that buffoon keep me there singing that idiotic song?

She pushed open the door to the lobby. Her crotch was hot and she could feel the wetness squish in her pantyhose with each step. She kept her head down, not making eye contact with anyone who might try to talk to her as she made a bee line through the milling crowds towards the escalator. Please please please, she thought, but then she was wetter. She felt it begin to trickle down one thigh. About half way across the lobby, in a relatively clear area, she began to pee in earnest. Both of her inner thighs were rivers, and piss began to splatter against the tile floor like spilled Champaign.

She stopped and just stood there, peeing on the floor, while all around her, conversations paused and heads turned to look at her. Not looking back at any of them, she opened her purse and powered up the Time Turner. I should probably be clenched and holding when it happens, she thought. She squeezed, and the waterfall stopped. Her thumb found the activator button for the Time Turner. Here we go again, she thought.

To be continued.

