Plane Crazy
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Penny was in such a rush to get to the airport. She woke up late and missed two-hour flight booking window. She had then been traveling on the Underground from Southgate to Heathrow and felt very frustrated.

After getting to the airport and arguing with reception, she finally got to relax in the bar. She only had time for a small ham-and-egg sandwich filled with mayonnaise, and drank two half pints of lager. Soon, the call for her flight came and she got onto the plane, finding the seat which she paid for. It was at that moment that she felt the need to go to the toilet, but it was only a slight need. Suddenly, there was an announcement from the plane’s captain.

“We are sorry, but we will be delayed for a short while. Please stay in your seats,” he said.

It was explained that there were many planes waiting to land, and there was a need to tidy up the flight schedule. Penny sat in her seat, with only a slight need to go to the toilet.

“Oh well, we’ll be taking off soon,” she thought to herself. Half an hour later though, the plane was still on the ground, and the captain made his apologies again. Penny started to squirm by shifting her bottom and legs.

Twenty minutes later, the plane was cleared for take off…. what a relief! Penny thought she would soon be getting rid of her urgent need. However, while the plane was in the air, the captain announced to passengers that there may be turbulence throughout the flight and that they may have to stay in their seats. She was shocked…. she was now at the point of fidgeting semi-wildly in her seat. The man sitting next to her asked what was wrong.

“What’s the matter?”

“I need the toilet- big time!”

“Poor thing, you cannot go because of this turbulence.”

“I don’t know how long I can hold this!”

“Don’t worry, the flight is only for two hours, so you should get some relief soon.”

Sure enough, the turbulence arrived, and it seemed to take forever. Penny was in real trouble now, squirming and fidgeting wildly now, and jammed one hand in between her legs and squeezing them in order to hold on to her dignity. In one last act of desperation, she asked one of the plane’s air stewards if she could use their toilet.

“I’m sorry,” she replied. “While the turbulence persists, there’s nothing we can do.”

“Can’t you make an exception in this case?” asked the man next to Penny.

“I can’t- safety rules,” said the steward, and walked away.

Penny was now so desperate, she put both hands inside her thighs and crossed them tightly, using all her willpower to prevent herself from wetting. Soon the plane started making its descent. As it did so, Penny felt a little pee seep into her knickers…. she panicked. She felt she was going to lose it on the plane.

After what seemed a tortuous ten minutes, the plane had landed, and Penny felt she was going to make it- but she did not. As she got up, she felt a large drop of pee soak her knickers and seep into her trousers. There was already a wet patch forming in the crotch area. She tried to force her pussy shut, but it gushed out of her. She formed a large puddle in the plane’s aisle. Fellow passengers stood aghast as she wet herself big time.

Penny felt very embarrassed and started to cry. The man sympathised with her, and put an arm around her shoulder. Later, in a hotel room, she wet herself again…. but this time, she liked it!

