Super-Desperate Model
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Alex

Layla had just come in for her photo shoot. She was so excited that she was about to get her big chance to do a professional modeling job. Layla was all set to go bright and early for her big photo shoot, thanks in large part to three towering cups of coffee. Layla wasn't a morning person, but you'd never know that by the bright-eyed beauty that walked into the studio for her big shoot. The photographer was already set up for at least a few hours' work.

"Layla, so glad you could make it."

"I'm really excited for this opportunity. Thank you so much for giving me this big chance."

"The dressing room is right over there, Layla. Make it fast, we need to get started in five minutes."

"No problem. I'll be ready in three minutes."

Layla went to her dressing room in anticipation. She already had her makeup and hair done, and she only needed to change from her tight denim shorts into her olive green micro-mini skirt and a very sexy camouflage top that she had brought for the shoot. This would be the perfect opportunity for her to use the bathroom. Just as she was looking around her dressing room to see which way the bathroom was...

"Layla, get out here now! We need to get started before we start losing lighting and so we don't run out of time for all the pictures we have scheduled for today."

"I'm sorry. I'm ready to go when you are."

Much to Layla's surprise, there was no bathroom connected to or within her dressing room. She had nothing to worry about at this point. She barely felt the warnings of a slight need to pee, which she fully expected after all the coffee she drank, but it was not even enough to make her think about it. Little did she know how long these professional modeling shoots take. Layla was having the time of her life. She was finally getting the chance to model for a reputable agency, and she was thinking about being on the covers of magazines, posters, and billboards as her shoot began.

By the time an hour had passed, Layla really needed to use the bathroom. She struck her poses so naturally and gracefully. However, the shoot had moved into another studio that featured numerous sets and various lighting conditions. There didn't appear to be a bathroom in sight. Layla was now actively searching for anything that might be a bathroom. She knew that her triple dose of morning coffee would soon be catching up to her, and she knew she wasn't very good at hiding her desperation once it set in. Layla never really had a strong bladder.

"You're doing great, Layla. You're a natural."

"Thank you so much. I'm glad you like me so far."

"What's not to like, Layla? You are fabulous."

What Kate didn't like was that she was nursing a full bladder, and a sudden urge to pee hit her like a freight train. Kate's left hand was wandering downward towards her crotch, but just then she needed to adjust her pose.

"Layla, could you put your hands on top of your head and point your elbows up for me?"

"Sure."

"That's a great shot. Hold that pose for just a little bit while we move the furniture around. You're doing great."

"Excuse me, George, do you mind if I use the restroom?"

"What do you need the restroom for? Your make-up and hair are great and we're not moving onto your next clothing set for another hour."

"I would greatly appreciate it if you would let me use the restroom. I really have to pee."

"We're falling a bit behind schedule. You can go when we break for lunch in about an hour. We can't afford to waste any of the time we have left in the studio here."

"I don't think I'll be able to hold it that much longer. I've --," suddenly she was cut off...

"You're a big girl, Layla. Now let's get along with it. We only have until lunch time to finish the studio portion of your shoot. That's final."

Layla resigned to the reality that she must obey George and continue the shoot if she wanted her first shoot to continue. The last thing she wanted was to be replaced by one of the hundreds of young ladies waiting to snatch her job away. She also knew she had a real problem on her hands. She had been on set for three hours now, and her need to pee has been significant for the last hour and a half. Suddenly overcome by another wave of pressure on her bladder, Layla momentarily doubled over to save herself and regained her composure as quickly as she could.

The next set of pictures was taking a while to finish, and the time was passing ever so slowly for Layla and her aching bladder. She was kneeling for most of this set, which she used to jam her heel against her peehole. Layla was beginning to grimace with the pain due to the pressure mounting between her legs. Her right leg was trembling while she was trying to keep the heel in just the right place to relieve some of the pressure. George noticed this as he snapped the last shot for the current pose and lighting arrangement.

"You really need to keep still Layla. There's no way we're going to be able to use that last shot the way your face turned out. Your legs seem to be really jumpy right now. Are you ok?"

"I really need to use the bathroom!! I need to go very badly, now. I can't remember a time when I was so desperate to pee."

"We only have twenty more minutes left in this shoot."

"I can't hold it for twenty more minutes. I really need to pee....I'm in a lot of pain right now."

"You're a grown woman. You're telling me you can't hold in your pee for twenty minutes? You can use the loo when I say you can go, and not before."

"I'VE BEEN HOLDING IN MY PEE FOR NEARLY THREE HOURS," Layla wailed.

George didn't say a word. He merely continued snapping photographs, ordering his crew around the studio to chance lighting, background, turn fans on and off, etc. The next set of poses required Layla to spread her legs. These were going to be the finale shots. Extra care was always taken with the final minutes of a photo shoot this important.

"Spread your legs out a bit more, Layla. We must get these last pictures right on the money."

"I can't! If I uncross my legs, I'm gonna piss all over the floor. Please don't make me do this...just let me go!"

George gave Layla a glaring look and she reluctantly started to spread her legs very slowly. Her entire body was trembling now, and she kept her left hand jammed up her skirt in a desperate effort to stem the flow. Just as her legs got into position, she lost a squirt of pee. Layla immediately double crossed her legs and jammed both hands under her skirt. Her thong was useless for absorbing even a dribble of urine, and a short jet shot out from between her legs and onto the floor. Layla was stretched beyond her bladder's limits with 15 minutes remaining in her photo shoot. She glanced up at the clock and felt another wave of pressure. She was barely able to cut her urine off after only a few more drops meandered their way out of her, even with both hands jammed between her legs with her legs crossed.

"OH, NO! OH, NO!", Layla muttered under her heavy and panicked breath.

"I can't believe this," uttered George, referring to the obvious wetness on the ground and the rivulets of pee running down Layla's legs.

"I told you I had to pee, you bastard! I'm going to the bathroom right now before I piss all my dignity away!"

Layla immediately began hobbling off the set, doubled over. Her legs were making very cautious strides. One false move and the few drops she had lost would be nothing in comparison for the tide bearing down on her pussy now.

"Layla, there isn't any restrooms in this building," said one of George's crew members.

Layla began to sob. She had waited her whole life for the chance to become a supermodel, and now she knew there was absolutely no way she would be able to make it to a restroom before she lost control and peed all over her clothes and the floor. Another highly pressurized stream of pee jetted out from between Layla's legs. She stemmed the flow on that one, but it took nearly 3 seconds that time. She merely stood where she was, feeling her urine flow down her smooth, long, sexy legs and over her high heels. She might be wearing camouflage, but she didn't feel like GI Jane. Less than five seconds after she pinched off the previous stream, her bladder, urethra, and pee hole finally lost the battle. A strong stream hissed out of Layla's crotch for at least 30 seconds. She easily voided a quart of pee just while her stream was still desperately strong. She continued to void her bladder for additional 15 seconds before the stream eventually weakened into only a few remaining drops being pushed out of her.

"I'm so sorry. I told you I couldn't wait any longer...I can't believe I wet myself on my first day modeling professionally." Layla then continued sobbing out of utter embarrasment and shame.

One of George's crew members came over to Layla and comforted her. He told her that it wasn't the first time a girl wet herself out of desperation during one of George's shoots. He told her he thought her pee dance and desperation were very sexy and that he enjoyed watching her desperation progress for the last two hours. He dared to let his hand wander underneath Layla's skirt to feel her wet thong and perhaps even give her pussy a good squeeze while he was down there. Layla grabbed his hand just as his fingers were reaching her crotch and removed it from underneath her skirt.

"You really put on quite a show back there."

"I still can't believe I couldn't hold in my pee during a photo shoot. I'm so embarrased."

"Don't be. Your struggle to hold in all that pee was actually very arousing, and I'm not the only one on site that thought so. You must have really had to go badly, judging by the volume of piss on the floor."

"I can't remember ever needing to go so badly. I'm still in pain from holding on for so long."

"Well, me and the rest of the crew are going to go get some beers now that we're on break. We would really like it if you would join us. You don't even have to change."

"If you let me change my clothes, I'll think about it."

"It's perfectly ok if you change right here in front of me...."

"Don't push your luck. You already got a show," Layla paused momentarily. "I'm going to go to my dressing room. I'll be out in a few minutes."

Layla came out of her dressing room wearing an old, light blue denim skirt and a pink top that really maximized her cleavage. She knew now that the crew not only didn't look down on her for losing control, but at least half of them were really turned on by her struggle to hold in her pee. This made her feel sexy in a way she had never felt before. It also made her feel a lot less embarrased about her situation and her very recent wetting. She went out to the bar with the guys and a couple of females in the crew and they all had a good time. 

Layla only drank one beer to be nice and show that she appreciated their sympathy and acceptance that she was not to blame for her accident. Her bladder and abdomen were still very sore and had a bit of a sting in them from holding it in for so long. Just as Layla suspected, she felt the first jolt in her bladder within 15 minutes of finishing her beer. She excused herself from the bar and headed home as fast as she could. Layla knew her muscles and will were weakened and that she would be wet again within a maximum of 20-30 minutes.

