My Watersport Beginning

by Andi (c) 1997

It all began with watersports, without knowing whatever WS would be in an adult's life, at the age of five. At this time, my parents and I lived in nice rural area and the houses were often newly built. There have been lots of young families in the neighbourhood and I was very lucky to have some comrades to play with.

One of my special friends was the girl living next to us. She was around my age at that time and we played very often together on the street or in the garden. Especially during the summer when the weather was hot and sunny, we immediately stripped off our clothing and ran through the garden, not taking care about anyone around. We were lucky children who just learned that there are some differences between girls and boys.

Of course, we also had a four-square-metre box filled up with sand to play in. And during sommer, we were both naked. In one special moment, my girl-friend mentioned (I felt really proud of her and proposed marriage at that time) that she had to go to the toilet. I told her that it is too far to go home naked and we are not allowed to go into my house after playing in the sand. I strictly pointed out that my mother would have a serious argument with us if we would cover the stairs and the bathroom with sand. She said that she had to pee urgently. Actually she hadn't felt the urge until that time, otherwise she would have done it earlier.

She asked me where she should go. I didn't know any solution. Suddenly, she wasn't able to hold it anymore and some squirts came out of her pussy. Her face turned a little bit red. I decided then to dig a hole in the sand to let her pee in a "toilet" built up by me. She was laughing, but still a bit embarrassed, and joined our "bathroom". She sat down and let it flow, looking at her pussy and the water in the sand. I told her that she would need toilet paper then, all adults would use it afterwards. She agreed but, in fact, there was no toilet paper at all, of course.

Some leafs of our apple tree would do the same, I thought. Without telling her, I went to the tree, picked some and returned to the box. My little girl was still sitting in our sandy bathroom and she asked me if I would do the total clean up. I said that it would be nothing easier than that. I put the leafs away and grabbed my little spade to bury the pee in the sand. After filling the hole up, she asked my suddenly: "And what's about me ???". I didn't realize. "Clean me as well, please...", she continued.

"Okay, if I will not hurt you", I pointed out. I took the apple leafs in my hand and wiped all the sand and pee out of her pussy. At this time, this was nothing erotical, just normal. Like helping a friend. We both played lots of times in the sand that summer and we repeated this little game several times. I did not know for several years that this articular moment was the start of all the wet fun I would have later on.

At the age of ten, my parents and I went on holiday to spend some weeks on an island on the north sea coast. On the first day, I took all of my staff to play with, i.e. sand tools to build up sand castles, to the beach. My parents were lying on the sand and I was able to do whatever I want. Without damaging other's properties or disturbing some people, of course. I built up a really big sand castle, kind of a round type with a diameter as big as my body height. Playing in the hot sand and being the master of my own castle, that was terrific.

I was just putting some shells on the wall while two girls aged 10, her name was Nathalie, and eight, I do not know her name anymore, came along and asked me if they would be allowed to play with me. The little one mentioned that the playground is miles away and on the beach, there is no other girl to play with. I wasn't very amused by the girls, but didn't refuse them to join my castle. After playing some hours until lunch, we decided to go on small wooden bridge where normally sailing boats stop their trip on the sea. The pier was around 350 yards long and very interesting for all of us. A lot of seaside animals were clearly visible through the water.

After a quarter of an hour, I recognized that the little girl pressed her hand into her crouch, she defintely had to go to the toilet. But she didn't tell us anything. I thought that she would tell the urge as soon as it is necessary for her. I sat on one side of the wooden bridge and let my leg swing in the air. Nathalie did not recognize it, she was sitting next to me regarding the fish in the water.

"I have to pee urgently", the little one pointed out. But Nathalie responded not very friendly: "You know where it is... Go... I don't want to clean up your mess !". I looked at the face of the little sister and then at her handcovered crouch where a certain amount of wetness was clearly visible. "If you can not hold it anymore, just sit down, pull your panties of your bikini to one side... and let it flow", I told her, "Or just let it flow, you are wet anyway". Once said, she sat down next to us both, pulled her already wet panties to the side and let it out completely. After finishing her urgent needs, she rubbed some drops of pee out of her pussy and covered it with the wet panties again.

"This was easy, but the wet panties hurt. Sis, can we go home to change ?",the little one said. Nathalie responded: "We go when I want it. Anytime the same. I want to stay here with Andi." That was something what I haven't heard before and it was a bit curious for me. We stayed some hours longer watching some ships coming by, just to have some cool fun. Then I asked if I should buy some ice-cream. The two girls were very happy about that. Nathalie told me that she would get some money from her parents and she would meet me at the ice-cream stand. The two girls went away and I ran to the ice booth to wait for them. After 15 minutes, too long for me to wait, I decided to go back and look where they would be.

I found the little one playing with some toys at her parents' beach site. But where is Nathalie ? I asked her father and he told me that she is to meet you at the ice-cream stand. I immediately ran towards the booth, and I found her waiting for me. She told me that she does not know where the public restrooms are and that she has to go. The problem was that the toilets were on the other side of the promenade, two miles away. "Is it urgent, Nathalie ?", I asked her calm. "Yes. I have go somewhere. Would you be my guardian ?", she replied.

We went away and she tried to find something to squat. Back at the beach she put some roofed beach chairs together which would hide herself from voyeur's eyes. "Come closer, Andi. Just stand in front of the chairs covering me as well.", Nathalie pointed out. Then she pulled down her panties and squatted between the chairs. She released everything immedeatly and a loud hiss was absolutely hearable. She looked at me and I looked at her crouch during her peeing in the sand. This was the first time I saw a girl's pussy peeing at that age, at it made me feel a bit excited. However, at the age of ten, you normally do not think about anything else, but I remember everytime this first real sexual feeling during a piss of a girl.

After she had finished, she didn't realize that I wanted to watch her pissing and she jumped out of the beach chairs after pulling up her panties. We had some nice ice-cream bars afterwards and some great meetings in these two weeks. Nowadays I say, unfortunately without more pissing but due to the fact that she offered all secrets of her body to me, there was nothing special anymore to talk about problems or difficulties. We just did it, thank god without parents.

Seven years later, at the age of seventeen, I have had some girl friends already, I visited a friends of my father in Eastern Germany for the first time. They were a big family already and they had four daughters aged 18, 14, 7 and 5. I was alone on that trip, i.e. without my parents, and the family invited me to be their "visiting son". The mother was about to prepare some lunch and told me to go out with the girls for a hike. We five went out over the fields to a small lake which was around two miles away. I made some nice discussions with Tanja, the oldest girl, and it seemed that she liked me.

As we arrived at the lake, the seven-years-old girl Marion mentioned that she would have to go on a toilet. Tanja immediately took care about her and pulled down her panties and grabbed Marion's knees to let her piss. In the next moment, with a straight hiss, her pee was flowing on the ground. The little one called Lisa laughed at her sister and told me that she has to piss, too. I thought that she wanted to copy her sister and told her to go to Tanja. But Tanja said that I should do it because she would have to clean Marion's pussy with a tissue.

"Okay. No problem.", I answered immediately and pulled down Lisa's panties to let her piss as well. Lisa looked at her bigger sister and laughed over and over. Then a small amount of piss came out of her tiny pussy forming a small puddle on the ground. After finishing her piss, I gave her a tissue to clean herself because I didn't want to touch her pussy in front of all these girls. I was frightened that they would tell stories about "Big Andi" getting in touch with small girls. Tanja saw that, of course, and smiled at me.

Kathrin, the 14-years-old young lady, didn't want to stay at the lake any longer and told us that she was thinking about going home. Tanja said: "That is not a problem. But take Marion and Lisa with you. Andi and I will be home at lunch time." And so she did. Kathrin took both girl by her hands and they walked home. I went to Tanja who was sitting on a bank near the bank of the lake. As I reached the bank she said: "Do you like to hike a bit through the woods ? There is a way around the lake." "No problem. Would be nice", I mentioned. We continued our walk until the woods became a bit thicker.

Then she asked me: "Would you like to watch me during I piss ?". I was a bit confused about Tanja's wish but she already took my hand and gave me a kiss on my cheek. "Okay. But why should it be so special ?", I responded. "I would like to be hold in the same way as you did it with Lisa", she pointed out. "Okay, if you want to... Shouldn't be a problem...", I continued. "Pull down, my panties and grab my knees please !", she wispered. I touched her panties to pull them down and I recognized that her lips were very thick and a kind of special wetness covered her pussy.

"Have you done it before ? Do you like this ?", I asked. She answered: "No, I haven't done it before, but you handled Lisa with care and I am excited by the thought that you will do that for me, too ! Please continue". I thought that this would be a chance to loose my virginity, pulled her humid panties softly down and lifted her smart body up in the air. She was moaning because her backside touched my highly erected dick in my trousers.

Then, the yellow shower started to flow out of her pussy and covered some parts of the walking path. Her pussy was wide open and I easily saw her clit and her hole of love. After finishing her floods I put her back on the ground and gave her a smart kiss on the cheeks. Still with the panties down, standing in front of me, she gave me a tissue and said: "Now are you allowed. Clean it up and do what you want ! I want you as well." I took the tissue and touched her wet pussy softly to rub off the last spurts of her piss. Of course, I rubbed her hard clit as well. Then, suddenly for me, she took me behind some bushes, put my panties down and rubbed my dick. I just said: "Let's do it." and some moments later, we both were lying on the grass having sex. We both had very nice orgasms and we don't forget this nice opportunity. 

After being introduced to wet sex, there are of course lots of differents how you have wet sex, I was so delighted and interested in seeing some girls having a squat or with wet undies, that I tried more possibilities to have wet fun. 

