Title: I'm dreaming of a wet Christmas

By: JuliaPet1

As always the weeks before Christmas were really tough to our nerves. Time to buy adequate gifts ran down as always but of course in the end everybody managed the trouble. I woke up at six A.M. because I heard loud steps above the ceiling of my basement room. I immediately knew that this could only be Michael, my host family's youngest son, who was eight years old. Er hatte schon seit Tagen nicht mehr schlafen konnen in der Vorfreude auf Weihnachten.

The night before we had been at the movies watching "Batman", where he told me that he couldn't stop thinking of what he would get for Christmas. We had huge cokes and popcorn and after about an hour the coke must have found its way through... He started shifting around on his seat and after a while he squeezed his crotch (just like little boys do). I asked him what as wrong and he told me he needed to pee bad, so I told him to go pee but he didn't want to miss the movie. About 15 minutes later he left for the bathroom though. I knew at that time that a squirt must have already gone into his pants:

Before leaving he suddenly grabbed his crotch saying "wow" as if it was too late. Anyway, he came back after about two minutes, although the restrooms were upstairs and really far away. I noticed the smell of urine and at first I thought that he must have peed his pants a little before reaching the bathroom but when we left the movies inspected his black jeans and noticed that there was a dark part down both legs. I asked him whether he made it or not and he told me that half the way he suddenly didn't have to go anymore but I knew the truth...

I got out of bed and took a shower. Afterwards I went upstairs to "deliver" my gifts where I saw Michael and his older brother Wayne playing their new Nintendo. Ronald their father and Barbara their mother were having breakfast with Louise, their sister who was aged 20. Entering the living room Wayne left to have breakfast too. Michael asked me to play him on the Nintendo and I agreed being a great fan of those games.

I already noticed Wayne being really desperate. He was shoving around and occasionally squeezing his crotch; a wet spot of approximately a square inch was very visible too. All of a sudden he let go and his pants were soaked in pee. A huge wet spot appeared on the couch and I asked him how he would explain to his mom. He told me it wouldn't matter since his mom had wet the same place the night before. I couldn't believe at first but he swore that he told the truth, he had watched her through the key hole. I wanted to hear more, but he was sick of the topic for now and so we got up for breakfast too.

After finishing breakfast everybody opened the gifts and we were preparing for a great turkey meal. While Barbara was preparing the food assisted by her husband Louise, Michael and I headed of into town to attend a Christmas party in a mall. Louise had noticed Michael's wet pants and told him go change, what he did. Afterwards she asked him if he had to go and he said only a little since he wanted to head of for the mall. On our way into town which usually takes about 15 minutes we got into a traffic jam. I was hoping that Michael would get pee problems but unfortunately he didn't. Louise who was driving got mad about the traffic jam now telling us that she was feeling an urge to use the ladies. We all laughed but after 20 more minutes in the jam Louise got more serious about her urge.

She whispered to me that she wouldn't be able to hold it for a longer time and asked what to do if the traffic wouldn't flow again. I had no answer for her but I sensed that this little trip into town could turn out to be a wet ride. At one point I noticed her left hand attached to her crotch so I asked her if it was really that tough and she was indeed scared about losing control. Michael thought this was really funny and made jokes about her situation (of course I told him to quit since its not funny when somebody is desperate LOL). Louise starting shoving around crossing her legs and holding her crotch.

She asked me to hand her a blanket from the back of the car in case she would have an accident, so it wouldn't spoil the seats. A few minutes later we were driving at a speed of approximately 10 miles per hour but suddenly the car in front of us hit the breaks hard and so did Louise, but this maneuver must have taken all her concentration and she started to flood her pants and the blanket and began to cry while Michael was laughing bigtime in the back.

We returned home immediately and I didn't see Louise until dinner. Ronald had surprisingly left because he was on call being an emergency doctor. It turned out that he wouldn't return for the rest of the day. At night we had a great turkey and soon Michael and an hour later Wayne had to go to bed. Barbara seemed to be sad that Ronald couldn't join in at Christmas eve and had several glasses of wine slowly making her tongue loose. Louise and I were drinking beer and at about 11PM we had both finished 15 beers and had a great time.

Barbara had finished 2 and a half bottles of wine and she was near to getting totally drunk. We went into the living room to have a nice chat before going to bed as well. Barbara sat down in the place where Michael had wet earlier. I wanted to warn her and said that there was a wet spot from Michael but she burst out in a laugh and said that it was her who peed there and not Michael. I asked her if she was being serious and Louise said "Mom you are drunk!". But Barbara who was not capable of expressing herself clearly told us about the night before.

"Louise, you know that I have some incontinence problems" ,and Louise agreed, "well last night I was sitting here watching this Stephen King movie which was really scary and I already had an urge for half an hour when suddenly I scared myself so bad that I lost control. There was something strange though: Usually I hated my pee but last night I got really aroused by the warmth and the flow. It forced me to masturbate being wet". Louise said to her mom that this was enough telling such stories in front of an exchange student but Barbara couldn't get enough and said that she felt like going in her pants now again.

Louise was trying to talk to her but when she started talking Barbara had already let go and started to rub herself; she told Louise to join her but she refused to do it in front of me so I reminded her of the accident on our car trip and she agreed to join if I would too. So I started to squeeze out the little urine that was in my bladder and Louise stood up and peed into her pants. After a few seconds a wet area was visible down to her feet. Barbara was masturbating bigtime at that time and Louise wanted me to touch her. I told her I would dry her up orally and so did she. It turned out to be a wet Christmas...

