Jenny laid there listening to the alarm clock go off. She looked over at the time with her long blonde hair falling over her face...she couldn't believe it was ten after nine.
'Oh well,' she thought. 'I'm already late for work anyways.' She got up and felt the cool autumn breeze blow through the window against her smooth, built legs. She pulled off her sexy purple nightie and threw it on the floor. Going through her dresser, she pulled out a cute black thong with a pink smiley face that winked and said "Don't You Wish" across it. As she pulled it up, a blast of cold air came in through the window that made her shiver and she reached across and closed it. She then went into her closet and pulled on a denim miniskirt with purple designs on it and pulled a tight pink button–up shirt over her braless 32C breasts.
Exiting her bedroom, she walked right by the bathroom and out the door, getting in her car. Of course, no matter how late she was, she needed her Starbucks Double Shot coffee, so she stopped by the local Starbucks quickly and got one, and got a regular coffee for later. She walked into her office somewhere around nine thirty, but the boss didn't seem to care...he was too wrapped up in business. She tossed her empty cup from Starbucks into her trashcan and turned on her computer.
Checking her e–mail, she could feel the pee that she didn't let go this morning already building up, but she figured she didn't need to go that badly and she had a lot of e–mails to sort through. After about an hour and the other Starbucks coffee emptied, she finally got through all her e–mails and was about to get up to go to the bathroom, but a colleague of hers, Rachel, suddenly IM'ed her on AIM. She sat back down to see the message saying that she needed her immediately, so Jenny sent the message back that she'd be right there.
Jenny still wasn't anywhere near desperate, so she thought she'd have no problem holding it in, although she could feel her bladder filling quickly. She walked over to the elevator and went up to the 3rd floor. As she walked to Rachel's desk, she noticed a sign on the women's restroom saying "OUT OF ORDER."
'Looks like I have to wait until I'm back on my floor,' Jenny thought to herself. She got to the other girl's desk to find her not there. Jenny just sat her perfectly shaped ass on the edge of Rachel's desk and awaited her return. About ten minutes later, Rachel finally showed up, and Jenny didn't even realize she had her legs so tightly closed that they were very noticeably quivering.
"Sorry, I'm really busy," Rachel said, her gaze on Jenny's legs. "Do you need to pee?"
"Huh?" Jenny replied. "Oh, no, not really. What did you need?"
"Well, everyone up here is so busy right now and there's a bunch of faxes that need to be taken care of right away, can you be a sweetie for me? I'll buy you lunch."
After a sigh, Jenny asked, "Right away?"
"Yes," Rachel confirmed. "Top priority."
"How many are there?"
"About ten. They're there on my desk, all typed up, except the cover letters. I didn't have time to get to them yet."
Jenny picked up the pile of papers and said, "It better be a yummy lunch."
Rachel, starting to walk away, told her, "I'll get you whatever you want. Thanks, hun!" Jenny walked by the non–working restroom again to the elevator, knowing that she wasn't going to be peeing until these faxes were done. She got back to her desk and set the papers down and grabbed another cup of coffee from the break room. She sat at her computer and typed up all the cover letters needed...eleven faxes altogether. She looked at the clock and saw it was quarter after eleven already. She got up and went to take a drink from the coffee cup to find it already empty. She tossed it in the trash and as she started to walk, a spasm quickly swept over her and she stopped dead in her tracks, her hand instinctively grabbing her crotch and tightly closing her legs. Luckily nobody saw her. She took a deep breath and stood up straight, and walked toward the fax room.
She stopped in the break room for another cup of coffee to find that there was no coffee in the pot. She quickly changed everything and made a fresh pot, poured herself a cup, and finally got to the fax room. It was now eleven thirty and Jenny was having a hard time controlling her bladder. She constantly shifted the weight on her legs and crossing/uncrossing them. While the sixth fax was being sent, she went to toss out the empty coffee cup and a small spurt of pee escaped from her labia. She quickly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs. After she regained control, she looked at her thong to see a small wet spot on the smiley face.
'Oh God,' she thought to herself. 'Will I get through these?' And she did. A lot of desperate maneuvers with her legs and hand got her through all eleven faxes at about noon. She even still managed to make it back to the 3 rd floor, back to Rachel's desk to drop off the faxes, and back down to the first floor again. She started walking toward the bathroom, but as she got to her desk, her boss was waiting for her.
"Hello, Jenny," he said. "Got a minute?"
"Not really," Jenny answered. "Can it wait for a few minutes?"
"It'll only take a few minutes," he said. "Today was the seventh time you were late and you've only been with us for 3 months. I would've said something to you when you got here, but I didn't have the time and I'm on my lunch break the way it is. I'm sorry to have to do this to you Jenny, but I'm going to have to write you up for this."
"And I'm sorry to have to do this to you, sir, but I can't hold it anymore," Jenny replied. Her boss gave her a confused look and Jenny turned beet red as her she lost total control of her bladder and her pee game gushing out, running down her legs into her high heels, splashing on the floor, and forming a huge wet spot on the front and back of her skirt. She stood there red faced until her bladder was completely empty and had gotten the attention of everyone in the office. She stood there in her puddle with her head down, crying, as Rachel came walking rapidly down the hallway.
She grabbed Jenny by the arm and announced loudly, "This is the only time I have for my lunch break. Come on, I owe you lunch." Rachel pulled her out of the crowd before anybody could say anything and rushed her to her car with Jenny still crying.
"Calm down, honey," Rachel said sweetly. "You're acting like you're the first girl to ever have an accident. It was an accident, wasn't it?" Jenny nodded. "I should've let you go to the bathroom before telling you about those faxes, I guess." Rachel reached over and wiped the tears out of Jenny's eyes.
"Come on, let's go get that lunch," Rachel said.
"But, look at me," Jenny replied. "I can't go like this."
"I think I have some jeans in the trunk of my car. I don't have any underwear, though. I guess you'll either have to wring those out or wear nothing."
"Can I go back to work in jeans?"
"I'll take care of everything," Rachel said. So they went to lunch and Jenny got in the backseat and pulled her skirt down. As Rachel handed her the jeans, she looked down at Jenny's wet panties.
"That's such a cute thong!" Rachel said. "Where'd you get it, hun?" Jenny let out a small laugh through her tears and admitted it was from Wal–Mart.
"Uh, can you...turn your head?" Jenny asked. Rachel turned away and Jenny pulled off the soggy thong and reached out the car window and wrung it out the best she could. She pulled it back on and pulled the jeans on over it. She went into the bathroom and washed her hands, and it was there she found out that she didn't ring out her thong good enough...there was a small, yet noticeable wet spot between her legs.
Rachel came in and noticed it, too. "What am I going to do?" Jenny asked, worried.
Rachel laughed, "You worry too much." Rachel handed Jenny a pink sweater.
"How is this going to help me?" Rachel laughed again and took the sweater back and tied it around Jenny's waist, hiding the wet spot.
"Can we eat now?" Rachel asked.
Jenny turned red again cause she couldn't believe she didn't realize why Rachel gave her the sweater and they walked out of the restroom to go eat. "Thanks," she said in a low voice.
By: Amoeba