When I was 18 and a senior in high school, our soccer team went to the state finals. We were playing in the semi–final game Saturday, and if we won, were playing in the state finals on Sunday. We headed up to Denver after school on Friday, because our coach didn't want us to play after a 2–hour bus ride. Unfortunately, the school was only planning to pay for Saturday night and all the girls had to share beds because we could only get half the rooms. I was rooming with three other senior girls. Kelly was a starter, like me, while Alyssa and Kira were backups. Though this was not a big deal, Alyssa played the same position as me and made it clear she thought she should be the starter.
Anyways, we got up to the hotel at about 6, had dinner, and then we hung out and watched movies. We didn't play until 5 the next day, so we stayed up until midnight or so before going to bed. I shared a bed with Alyssa.
At 3 in the morning, I woke suddenly and realized that I badly needed to use the bathroom. As I walked/ran to the bathroom, I remembered I had had several sodas and two glasses of water during the movie...no wonder I needed to go so bad! I used the toilet and went to flush it, when...I ACTUALLY woke up. I had been dreaming. My heart was pounding, and I realized I was soaked. At 18 years old, I had peed in the bed. A lot. My pajama pants were soaked, my shirt was soaked halfway up the side, my panties were soaked...I started to panic as I realized I was in a room with three other girls. I pulled the covers out and realized there was an enormous stain in the bed, nearly reaching Alyssa.
I didn't know what to do. There was no way I could clean this up...maybe I could roll Alyssa in it and she would believe she had had an accident? As these thoughts went through my head, Alyssa woke up, and turned to look at me...and burst out laughing. "Oh my gosh, are you serious Catie? Did you really just piss in our bed? How old are you?" The commotion woke up Kelly and Kira, who turned on the lights, leaving me even more exposed in my light blue jammy pants and pink top, both of which had large pee stains on the right side. I felt my cheeks burning. "Geez Catie, did you forget your pull–up or something?" asked Kira. I started sobbing, still sitting in my puddle. It felt like I was living a nightmare, I couldn't believe this had happened. Who would they tell? What if my boyfriend heard and broke up with me? As ideas started spinning out of control in my head, Kelly took charge. "Catie, go to the bathroom and get cleaned up, but give me a couple towels before you close the door. You can either sleep on top of those or on the floor once you get changed, but the rest of us need to go back to bed." "Hey, I don't want her getting back in bed with me unless she's wearing a diaper, this is disgusting. How am I supposed to go back to bed?" said Alyssa. "I'm putting towels over the wet spot, just stay on the dry side. Seriously, I don't care what you do, but I need to get back to sleep. I don't want tomorrow to be my last game. And I'm guessing Catie doesn't have anything left to pee, so don't worry about it until we win tomorrow," responded Kelly.
I handed her some towels before slowly stripping off my pyjamas. Everything was stuck to me. I couldn't believe this was happening. Bedwetting had been really tough for me to overcome–I was in pull–ups until the 5th grade and continued having very occasional "accidents" until early in freshman year. There was nothing physically wrong with me–I had been a little behind developing, and for whatever reason the combination of being a deep sleeper and the right circumstances sometimes ended up with a wet bed. But I had been dry for three and a half years...why did it have to happen tonight, of all nights? I got in the shower, and changed into a pair of soccer shorts and a new shirt. I grabbed my pillow and slept on the floor...if Alyssa didn't want me in the bed, then that was fine with me. It was soaked anyway...
I'm not sure if there is anybody Alyssa didn't end up telling about my accident. I ended up playing well the next day, getting an assist in a win that sent us to state. I was dry that night, which I had to spend on a cot with a waterproof sheet, adding to the considerable humiliation I had endured that weekend. In the state game, I scored the first goal in a 2–1 win, and was able to laugh about my accident with the other girls on the way home as we celebrated. Things did not turn out so well for Alyssa, who was furious I played well despite her attempts to humiliate me.
About thirty minutes into the ride home, Kelly tapped me on the arm and pointed over to Alyssa. She had her legs tightly crossed and was rocking back and forth. Confused, I asked Kelly if she was going to be sick. "No," Kelly giggled, "She is about to pee her pants and we aren't stopping until we get back. I guess she thought we had a bathroom on the bus and didn't want to use those gross port a potties on the way out."
I looked back at Alyssa, who couldn't seem to stop moving, doing a sitting down pee pee dance. If it weren't for the fact that she had just done her best to humiliate me, I would have felt bad for her. Suddenly, she stood up and walked to the front of the bus. She tapped our coach on the shoulder and was clearly begging for a bathroom break. The negative response caused Alyssa to drop her head, and she walked back to her seat.
"What's wrong?" Kira asked as Alyssa sat down next to her. Alyssa, who was on the verge of tears, muttered something about how we were only twenty–five minutes away so we couldn't stop. Suddenly she grabbed at her crotch and bent over. I couldn't believe it–she was going to wet her pants!
"I'm not going to make it," Alyssa desperately whispered to Kira, "Please, let me take the window seat and don't act like I went in my pants. You have to help me."
Kira burst out laughing, pushing Alyssa away from her. That was too much. The wet spot began growing in the crotch and ass of Alyssa's gray sweatpants before continuing down her legs, soaking the seat she shared with Kira. "Oh my God– stop it, " screamed Kira as her pants absorbed some of the urine. She stood up on the seat as Alyssa burst into tears, still trying to cover the growing stains with her hands, though it was impossible at this point.
There was an awesome party that night, with the only downer being that everyone was aware of the fact I had peed the bed as well, with many drawing the conclusion that I was "still a bed wetter." However, Alyssa wasn't there to tell anybody, as she had gone home immediately after having to exit the bus in pee soaked sweatpants. Unfortunately for her, about half the students and a lot of parents were waiting for us. Embarrassing... Thank goodness I scored that goal and didn't end up an outcast... though that changed a bit when I got to college...but that's for next time!
By: Catie