Backstory: This story is loosely based on true events. Names have been changed.
Maria Zellar is a thin girl, very geeky, but also quite attractive at the age of eighteen. Her dark, brown hair contrasts her pale skin very nicely, and her glasses compliment her face. She also has very large breasts for someone so thin.
Today Maria's senior class was on a field trip to the Natural History Museum. Her class had arrived in town at around 11:00am, and it was now 3:50. It was nearing time to leave, but Maria didn't even notice because she was so enthralled by the exhibits. She had been walking around a lot today, visiting all the shops in town and touring the museum, and so she had been drinking lots of water to stay hydrated. She had also been so preoccupied with shopping and the museum that she had neglected to use the bathroom at all. She hadn't gone since she woke up at 8:00 that morning. Maria's need to use the bathroom was now getting noticeable, but she didn't want to stop looking at the exhibits in the museum. She was admiring the mounted polar bear display when she heard the teacher calling the students to gather outside. "Time to leave! Everyone get out here right now!" called Ms. Fleischer, Maria's cranky English teacher who was chaperoning the trip.
"Better use the bathroom real quick," thought Maria. She started to make her way over to the bathrooms, but Ms. Fleischer saw her and grabbed her arm. "We're already running late, come on now, we have to leave," she told Maria. "I just need to use the restroom first," stated Maria. "That's too bad, you'll just have to hold it. You too, girls!" Ms. Fleicher motioned to the girls in line for the restroom to come with her. There were several groans from the girls, but they all followed her outside, since they knew arguing with Ms. Fleischer meant a detention. Maria grimaced, but she figured she could hold it until they got back to school, as the ride was only two hours. Maria sat next to her friend Sara on the bus. On the other side of the aisle were Danielle and her friend Caitlyn. Caitlyn had been in the stall while Danielle was waiting to pee when Ms. Fleischer rounded everyone up. "God, Ms. Fleischer is such a bitch, couldn't she have let us all pee, it would only have taken like five more minutes, tops." Danielle whispered to Caitlyn. "Sucks for you, I got to piss just in time," Caitlyn replied. "Screw you," Danielle replied back.
Fifteen minutes into the bus ride home Maria was starting to feel the effects of all the water she drank. "God, I must have drank like six bottles of water today" she remarked to Sara. "How are you holding up?" Sara asked. "I'm doing alright, I think I'll make it", replied Maria. "Awww, does someone have to go peepee?" someone said mockingly. It was Maria's friend Dave, who was sitting behind her. "You're such a dick, Dave," Maria replied teasingly. Dave and Maria were very good friends, and constantly poked fun at one another.
It was now one hour into the trip home. By now Maria was jiggling her legs quite a bit, as were Danielle and a few other people. "Don't worry Maria, we're halfway there," said Sara, putting her arm on her friend's shoulder. "Yeah, but there's still another hour. I'm starting to doubt if I can hold it that long." Maria replied. "Yeah, I have to go pretty bad too," remarked Danielle. "You guys will be fine, don't sweat it," Caitlyn said. "I don't know Cait..." Danielle said doubtfully.
Suddenly Evan, one of the boys in the class, shouted "Hey! I need to pee! Can we pull over somewhere?" This was met with several "Yeah!"s and "Me too!"s from the other students, including Maria, who was not shy about her bodily functions. "Well, there aren't any rest stops or anything and it would take too long if you all waited to use the toilet at a gas station, so you'll just have to go on the side of the road," remarked the driver.
"Fine by me!" Evan said enthusiastically. The driver pulled over by a field, and several boys got out to pee. The girls were not too happy that there was no cover for them to pee behind, and most of them decided they would rather hold it. Maria, however, was no stranger to answering nature's call out in the open, as she would often go on hikes with her male friends, including Dave, and was not embarrassed in the least about exposing herself. 
Maria started to make her way down the aisle, but was stopped by Ms. Fleischer. "Just where do you think you're going?" she asked Maria. "I need to pee," Maria replied. "Well I'm not going to let you expose yourself to the whole class on a school trip," Ms. Fleischer told her. "But I don't mind, and I really, really, need to go!" pleaded Maria. "One more word out of you and its detention for the rest of the week!" Ms. Fleischer replied angrily. " "No one is going to flash their privates to the entire class on my watch," she added. "Now go back to your seat and wait to use a real bathroom like the rest of the girls."
"Oh my God, what a fucking bitch," Maria remarked to the other students upon returning to her seat. "Yeah, seriously," Sara replied. "Oh my God, were you really just going to go in front of everyone like that?" Danielle asked her in amazement. "Yeah, I don't care if people see my ass, I do it all the time around Dave and the other guys." Maria replied. "Hell yeah she does," Dave remarked with a smirk. Maria rolled her eyes and focused on her ever increasingly full bladder.
"Aaaahhh, I have to pee sooo badddd!" Maria whined, crossing her legs and fidgeting. "You aren't the only one," added Danielle. "Fuck, I hate Ms. Fleischer, I wish Mr. G. was chaperoning this trip, he would have let me go," remarked Maria. "I still can't believe you wouldn't mind peeing in front of everyone." Caitlyn stated. "Okay, can we all just STOP talking about pee for a while, I don't know if I'll make it unless I can get my mind off it." Maria pleaded. 
"Hisssssss" Dave was making peeing noises. "Shut the hell up Dave," Sara scolded.
Only a half hour left, girl," Sara said, trying to comfort her desperate friend. "Can we please stop at a rest area or something? I don't think I can hold it for another half hour!" Maria yelled to the driver. Several girls yelled in agreement. "Out of the question! We are already ten minutes behind schedule, you all need to stop acting like children!" Ms Fleischer angrily yelled back, before the driver could even respond. "Are you sure, Ms.? There's a rest stop up ahead and it would only take a couple of minutes." The driver quietly asked Ms. Fleischer. "Out of the question" Ms. Fleischer replied back.
Maria was frantic by now. She was alternating between openly holding herself and sitting on her heel. At this point everyone in the surrounding seats was watching her. "Five bucks says she pisses herself," one male student said to his friend. Danielle wasn't in much better shape, but she was more modest in displaying her desperation, so nobody noticed how badly she had to go.
Just ten minutes, Maria, you can do it!" Sara said encouragingly. Maria was literally on the verge of tears, with both hands jammed into her crotch. "I really don't think I can, Sara," Maria replied. "Yes you can! Don't give up, girl!" Sara said, trying to comfort her frantic friend. By now even Danielle was holding herself. "Are you gonna make it?" Caitlyn asked her. "Yeah I think so, Danielle replied, biting her lip.
"Five minutes, Maria! Just hold on for five more minutes!" Sara cheered her friend on. Maria managed to choke out an "Oh God..." between fast, heavy breaths. Strands of Maria's dark, beautiful hair clung to her sweat–covered brow. "I can't believe I'm asking this, Sara, but can you hold me down there for a second? I NEED to undo my pants and I can't do it with one hand." "Yeah, no problem, girl" replied Sara. A series of "ooohhh"s arose from the male students watching the scene. "Okay, on three, just jam your hand down there." Maria instructed. "1...2...3!" Sara quickly stuck her hand in Maria's crotch. "You have to squeeze," Maria told her while panicking. "A–alright..." Sara said as she clamped down on Maria's privates. "That's the ticket," Maria said, managing to force a small smile at her helpful friend. 
"Dykes!" Dave shouted. "Hey! There will be none of that kind of language on this bus!" Ms. Fleischer shouted back. "Sorry" Dave replied sarcastically. 
"Come on, come on..." Maria said under her breath as she fiddled with the button on her pants. "Got it!" she exclaimed, unbuttoning and quickly unzipping her pants. "Nice panties," teased Dave. "Oh shut up, it's nothing you haven't seen before, Dave," Maria replied. "Can I stop grabbing your vagina now?" asked Sara. "Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry." Maria said sheepishly. Sara released her grip on Maria. "Ooh!" Maria blurted out before quickly jamming both her hands into her pubic area. "I just leaked a little bit," she whispered to Sara, her face beet red. "We're pulling into school now, can you make it to the restroom?" Sara asked her. "God, I hope so." Maria answered.
"Alright, everyone off!" shouted the bus driver as he pulled to a stop in front of the school. "Shit, why did I have to sit so far in the back?" Maria asked herself out loud. "I get first crack at the toilet," Danielle said. "Like hell you do, I'm on the verge of pissing myself right her!" Maria replied frantically. "We'll see who gets there first," Danielle quipped.
"Finally I can get off the bus!" Maria exclaimed. She quickly stood up, eager to get to the bathroom. "Oof, bad idea," she remarked, bending her knees while still holding herself. "Come on, get a move on! You aren't the only one who has to go!" someone a couple rows back remarked loudly. Maria hobbled as quickly as she could off the bus, leaking a tiny bit every few steps. Finally off the bus, Maria voiced her doubts about making it to the door. "I can barely walk it hurts so bad," she said to Sara, choking back tears of both pain and shame. "I'll carry you," Sara told her. "Thank you so much," Maria thanked her. "What are friends for?" Sara cheerfully replied. 
Danielle was making her way to the school's entrance much faster than Maria and Sara, determined not to embarrass herself. A couple other girls, Heather and Maureen, were the first to get there. "Oh my God!" Maureen said, doing a pee dance. "What's the problem?" asked Sara. "The fucking door is locked!" she exclaimed. Maria's heart sank. "Is there another way in?" she asked, barely able to concentrate on what was happening. "Its ten past six, the school's closed," Ms. Fleischer told the girls. "Don't you have a key?" Maria pleaded, tears streaming down her face. "Only the janitors have keys, and they've all gone home."
"This can't be happening, oh god this can't be–" Maria froze. "I'm sorry Sara," she cried. "Sorry for wha–" Sara's question was answered when she felt the wetness on her arms. "Oh no..." she said, letting Maria down. Maria stood up and continued to empty her bladder into her pants, crying the whole time. She moved her hands out of her crotch to cover her face. Without her hands holding them up, her pants dropped to the ground. Maria didn't even pull them back up, she just sobbed harder, her pee stream now visible, going right through her blue cotton panties and splattering on the ground at Sara's feet.
"Shit, shit, shit," Danielle said under her breath. Seeing and hearing Maria's stream was too much for her already overworked bladder to handle. Danielle started wetting herself too. "I can't FUCKING believe this!" she yelled angrily. Caitlyn started snickering at her friend, videotaping her accident with her cell phone.
"No way am I pissing in these jeans," Maureen stated, pulling down her pants and panties and pissing on the ground in front of everyone. "That's two weeks of detention, young lady!" Ms. Fleischer screamed. "This is well worth it," Maureen replied, smiling and tilting her head back in relief. Heather started sobbing as she joined her friend Maureen, covering her face in embarrassment. "That goes for you too, Miss." Ms. Fleischer told her.
Maria's stream finally trickled to a stop, her pants still around her ankles. "This is the worst day of my fucking life," she said. "Don't worry, girl, you're not alone," Sara told her. She reached out and hugged Maria tight, and Maria felt a warm wetness against her bare legs. "Are you–" she started to ask. "What are friends for?" Sara answered, smiling.
"What the hell happened here?" a man's voice asked, interrupting the moment. "D–dad?!" Maria stammered. "You guys got here too late for the buses home so the school called all the parents to pick you kids up." he stated. "Now why are you girls all soaked, and why the hell are your pants down?" he asked. "We'll explain everything in the car, Mr. Zellar." Sara told him. "It better be one hell of a good explanation," he told them. "Now pull up your damn pants and get in the car," he told his daughter.
By: D.