Pee Where You Sit Ep. 06
	Blonde gamer girls don't bother going to the bathroom.
RedHatter76

This episode is told from Fiona's point of view. Like Episode 5, it includes a breastfeeding scene towards the end. This time, I'm going to try just posting the whole story and giving it tags associated with both fetishes.

~~~~~~~~~~

I knew I would never forget my experience in Hatsu's van, but even I could not have anticipated that it would reverberate beyond that isolated incident. Therese and I were both hipster gamer-girls and actually quite shy until and unless we were placed before a computer or game console, so for us to be as brazen as to pee unabashedly onto a vehicle seat even once was remarkable. I suppose it helped that we were surrounded by friends who had done it before and were confident that both the mess itself and any consequent odors could be swiftly undone. After all, flouting decorum like that is much easier to do when the chances of judgment and permanent damage is reduced to practically nothing. Still, even though I invested in my own supply of my friends' cleaning solution, my plan was for it to be for emergency use.

That quickly began to change shortly after Theresa returned from a summer trip to Europe with a Nokushima twin, a cheerleader they'd met at school, and the cheerleader's younger sister. After meeting briefly at my house and introducing her to my family, she and I bundled our stuff into the bed of my red hand-me-down truck and began the long journey back to campus. We were halfway there when my mousy best friend asked, out of the blue, "Hey, I have to pee. Do you mind if I just go on the seat? I have Phleb in my purse."

I suppose it was really nothing new for either of us, but what did catch me a bit off guard was how casual she was about it, and yet, it was oddly amusing at the same time. "I have some in the glove compartment, too, so I don't see why not," I told her, "but we should be at a rest stop soon if you'd rather wait a bit."

She was already leaning back and unbuttoning her jeans as she shook her head. "Why bother?" She efficiently unzipped her pants, lowered them to her shins, and then brought her panties down with them. She sighed in relief as she sat back down and immediately started peeing on her seat, the speed at which her puddle spread testifying to the strength of her stream. "Mm," she purred as she finished after unabashedly relieving herself for just under a minute.

I chuckled. I still thought of upholstery-wetting as something of a last or perhaps semi-last resort, certainly not the first resort it seemed to have become for Theresa. Nonetheless, I was intrigued, enough so that a mere half-hour later, when I developed an urge of my own, I tried to hold it longer than Theresa did but still not as long as I otherwise would have. I had crossed my legs and begun to visibly squirm when I pulled into a gas station mainly just to yank my own pants and underwear to my ankles. With a laugh, Terri decided that we may as well fill the tank while we were there, so she pulled her pants up and got out just as my bare butt collapsed back onto the driver's seat. It took only a second or two for me to let loose, and while Terri pumped gas, I just leaned back and moaned in pleasure as the pressure dropped and my own quickly spreading puddle warmed my thighs and privates. It felt just as good as my first time in the Nokushima van! After a minute, I finally finished gushing pee and decided to clean both seats while Terri was still handling the gas transaction. My pants were up and the truck was as good as new by the time we left the station just a couple of minutes later.

The layout of our dorm is relatively simple. Our bunk bed is in one corner, with the lowest one at waist height to accommodate a large shared dresser of sorts built of transparent plastic cubbies that underneath it. Being the more athletic between the two of us, I sleep on top. Meanwhile, my desk occupies the slot created by the foot of our bunk bed and the corner formed with the facing wall, while Terri's lies across from her bed. Between that desk and the facing wall lies our futon, directly across from my desk, where my computer with its external monitor doubles as our joint gaming station. The door to our room is midway between our beds and Terri's desk.

As we brought in the stuff that we'd taken home with us for vacation and put it all back in place, we opted for a Sprite each to sweeten an otherwise dull couple hours of work. About halfway in, I was the first to be hit rather suddenly with a need to piss some of it back out. I briefly massaged my groin and almost headed for the bathroom when it occurred to me that this may be my chance to turn the tables on Terri, if only slightly. We had already brought some of our Phleb supply in, so I shrugged, dropped my pants right where I was, squatted low to the floor, and simply began peeing on the carpet. Without sitting in it, the puddle couldn't warm my legs and pelvis, and so it wasn't quite as pleasurable as it was in the van or truck, but even so, just letting go of it all still felt amazing enough to make me moan softly as I continued releasing my torrent onto the rug. When the flood was finally over, I stood up with a contented sigh and pulled my pants back up.

"Wow!" said a mildly surprised Terri gazing at the huge wet spot I'd made. "Did you really have to go that bad, or did you just decide not to bother going to the bathroom?"

"A little of both," I answered.

Despite my christening of the floor, Terri still ultimately outdid me that day with the bold way in which she christened our futon. About an hour after my self-relief, I noticed her squirming a bit, but she easily resolved to finish her task of organizing our game cartridges and hooking up our gaming console before attending to her nascent needs. She managed to finish, but not before she was clearly getting desperate, and the second we'd verified that everything was in working order, she hurried over to our futon, her jeans already opened up by the time she came to it, and tore both her pants and panties below her knees in a single motion. Instead of turning around and sitting on the futon, however, she quickly kneeled backwards on it with her knees spread wide, leaned forward a bit to rest her arms on the back, and practically exploded with a loud gasp. For almost two minutes, she peed like a horse onto the cushions, punctuating her deluge with long moans of relief. "Oh, I had to go so bad!" she declared. I wondered musingly if she and perhaps our friends who also have unusual peeing habits sometimes hold it longer than they have to just to render the final release even more spectacular and satisfying. If so, I didn't blame them. Terri was clearly enjoying herself!

From then on, there was no pretense that our dorm would be anything but a PWYS zone, much like Hatsu's van. We quickly worked out a few cleaning protocols that would ensure that no staff would ever make any embarrassing discoveries, such as making sure everything was clean if both of us were going to be gone for a while at the same time.

Speaking of our neighbors/friends, I thought I'd seen it all with my introduction to the PWYS lifestyle, but Samantha, the new student who was moving in with Kara, demonstrated something just as initially shocking when a desperate hot-pepper-induced emergency with the Nokushima twins prompted her to literally breastfeed them in order to soothe their inflamed mouths and throats. It made much more sense when her sister explained how the hell she happened to even be lactating, and when the twins withdrew, Sam herself assured us that she thought of it as just a friendly helping hand in an unusual situation and that it was actually beneficial to her as well. That enabled the awkwardness to soften much more quickly than it otherwise might have. I suspect that a trace of wierded-outness still lingered for most of us, but within a day, it became mostly a source of private amusement and curiosity between us rather than one of embarrassment or uneasiness.

In fact, the four of us (Sam, Kara, Terri, and I) only grew closer and more at ease with each other, if such a thing were possible given the precedent set by unashamed urination in each other's company. At first, I was the only one who hadn't yet peed openly on some form of upholstery or carpet right in front of all the other three, but I hesitated only slightly before rectifying that one morning. In fact, I was the first to pee in the dorm that wasn't my own. The day after Kara and Sam's arrival, I was visiting them in the evening to lend them a movie Fiona and I both thought they'd love when the urge hit me. It was quite negligible at first but escalated quickly as the four of us chatted. At the first available break in conversation, I just asked, "Hey, you don't mind if I pee in here, do you?"

"Go right ahead," Sam said with Kara smiling in agreement. "We've already peed at least a couple of times on the carpet and on the couch. You can use our room like you would yours anytime."

"Thanks," I said as I lowered the boyshorts that I used as pajama bottoms. "I'm just gonna go on the floor." The conversation resumed as I idly sat down on my haunches with my butt resting a couple of inches above the rug and my shins angled apart. I didn't hesitate to pee a surprisingly strong stream between my legs onto the carpet, absolutely soaking it as I sighed in pleasure. When Sam half-jokingly asked if the same hospitality would be extended to her and Kara in our dorm, I easily assured them that it would and concisely explained our cleaning protocols, which we found out were similar enough to what Kara and Sam had agreed on for their room anyway.

It would be a few days before Sam happened to have occasion to pee on Terri's and my futon, but in the meantime, Terri proved that not even her desk chair was safe from a good soaking. On the last night before classes started, she was binging on World of Warcraft on her computer with a bottle of water at her side. About an hour and a half into it, I saw her cross her legs, and within twenty minutes, she was visibly squirming. Doggedly focused on her gameplay, she held it until she started clutching her crotch and rocking herself. She spent not even a minute at that level of urgency before she leapt up just long enough to yank her panties down and didn't even wait until her butt was completely back on the seat before releasing a forceful torrent of pee onto the chair. With her headset microphone active, she bit her lip to soften what I'm sure would have otherwise been an embarrassingly loud and long moan as she kept peeing fiercely for a minute and a half or so. An audible gasp actually did escape her lips as her already impressive flow swelled for a few moments before dwindling quickly. By then, her pee was already dripping from the chair, forming a second puddle on the floor around her.

