Jenny's Desperate Toilet Ordeals!
  Part of a continuing saga.
By Bob

This chapter in the continuing saga of Jenny's toilet ordeals concerns an ordeal which happened one summer when Jenny was 18. She had finished her A-levels, and while she was waiting anxiously for the results (she needn't have worried, because she was a very bright girl and got without difficulty the grades she needed to go to college) her cousin Steve and his college friend Nick, also aged 22, came to stay for a few days. Nick was tall and very good-looking, and Jenny (who'd met him briefly once before) really fancied him - just as, for his part, Nick really fancied Jenny!

Now, as mentioned in previous chapters, Steve had always had a "thing" about bursting females, and had often surreptitiously "toilet-tortured" poor desperate Jenny in the past. He'd been doing it for years, which was one of the benefits of having an attractive young female cousin with whose family he could frequently go and stay! But Steve, as is often the case with male "toilet sadists" in their younger days, thought that he was unique in his well-nigh obsessive interest in attractive young adult females who were bursting and frantic for the loo. What he had no idea of at the time (although he discovered it a a result of the incident which forms the subject of this chapter!) was that his pal Nick also had the very same interest, and had been wanking enthusiastically as he imagined bursting, struggling girls ever since he'd begun to masturbate many years before!

The day after Steve and Nick arrived at Jenny's parents was a beautiful bright summer's day, and so it was decided that the whole family would go out for a picnic - Jenny, Steve and Nick in Steve's old banger of a car which he'd bought with the proceeds of a previous holiday job, and Jenny's parents and Steve's two young early-teenaged sisters in Jenny's parents' car. (Steve's parents were both away for a month, his mum having joined his dad on a business trip to France, which was why Jenny's two younger cousins had for the last couple of weeks been staying with their uncle and aunt. Steve, however, being grown up and independent of parental control, had been away camping and hill-walking in the Lake District with Nick and a couple of their other college mates.) Anyway, off they all drove, and they found a nice picnic spot by a stream about an hour's drive away.

The only trouble was, that it didn't have much shelter! There were a few scanty bushes, which were OK for a bloke to stand and have a pee behind (or even for younger girls like Steve's two sisters to do so if the worst came to the worst), but not much use to a fully-grown young 18-year-old girl like Jenny with a big, curvaceous, shapely bum which would have been all too visible in its naked young female glory through gaps in the foliage if she had been squatting there with her jeans and knickers round her ankles, weeing away! It didn't bother Jenny's mum at all, because she was famous for her cast-iron bladder and in any event had learned the great female lesson - never drink much if you're on a picnic! But Jenny's bladder, although not really any weaker than that of other 18-year-old girls, was no match for her mum's.

And even if it had been, the fact that she kept thoughtlessly swigging lots and lots of lemonade to keep cool during the picnic would have created problems for her in any case! The picnic was very enjoyable, but after a while poor Jenny began to have a real problem. You've guessed it. Jenny started needing a wee! At first she did her best to ignore it. Then, as her need grew worse, she began to wonder whether she dared risk trying to have a wee behind the biggest-looking bush. But the more she thought about it, the less appealing the idea became.

Her two young girl cousins had both done so at quite an early stage, and the first one's bare bum had been so visible through the bush's skimpy branches as soon as she'd started squatting down that Jenny's mum, the moment she'd seen it, had tactfully asked Steve and Nick to "just wander off to the other side of the field for a minute, please, if you'd be so good, you two boys, while the girls just go behind the bush for a - er - er - . . . "!

Then Steve and Nick, who'd been drinking shandy, also both went at different times to "pay a visit" behind the bush, and Jenny (who in any event wasn't averse to sneaking a quick look, since she had the usual interest of any girl of 18 in the anatomy of young adult males, and she was particularly keen to get a sly glance at Nick's!) had caught tantalising glimpses through the scanty foliage of them standing there with their jeans unzipped and their cocks out, satisfyingly pissing away!

Nick had gone first, and Jenny's feelings on seeing him with his cock out had had much more to do with sexual arousal than with desperation, particularly since his cock looked a lovely big one that made her pussy moisten just to look at it! But when it came to Steve's turn she felt less aroused - she was interested in seeing his cock, of course, but she'd often seen it before in the past, and anyway he was only her cousin - but a damn sight more desperate! Most of the time Jenny was quite happy to have been born a girl, but at times like this (she thought while she shifted around as surreptitiously as she could on her sweaty bum and drew her knees up tightly to her chin as she sat there chatting to Nick) she didn't half wish that - oooh! sss! oh God! oooh! - she'd been born a boy! As the day wore on, Jenny began to drop hints to her parents that maybe it was time they should be getting back. But, unfortunately for her, they completely failed to understand what she was getting at.

Even if she'd had one ally, or one single fellow-sufferer from a painfully-filling bladder, it would have been OK. But her dad had also used the bush, as well as Steve and Nick and her young girl cousins. And her mum, who anyway had drunk hardly anything, had no need to go and had obviously forgotten what it was like to be young, shy, out on a picnic in male company and desperately in need of a wee! So poor Jenny got nowhere with her increasingly frantic hints. And as a result she became more and more restless - getting up, walking about a bit, sitting down, getting up again. Again and again she examined the bush with covert, despairing, wistful glances, and again and again her courage failed her.

Of course, she could always have explained her predicament frankly to the family and asked them all to look the other way, and she'd probably have done so if Nick hadn't been there. But she felt too shy to do so in the presence of a near-stranger, particularly a young man she really fancied, and she just couldn't bring herself to broach the subject. Nor did it help when her two girl cousins again went for a wee behind the bush, and her mother again asked the two boys if they'd "wander off for a moment"! Jenny could quite clearly see her two young cousins through the scanty foliage as they both in turn hauled their knickers down and squatted there peeing away, and she even contemplated diving quickly behind the bush once the second of her cousins had finished her pee, explaining her plight to her mum as she did so, and she was actually just on the very point of doing so when her mum too- precipitately called the "all clear" to Steve and Nick. Poor Jenny! She'd screwed up her courage just seconds too late!

By the end of the picnic, poor Jenny had been needing a wee for something like three and a half hours, and had been bursting for something like an hour and a half. Towards the end of the time she'd been sitting with one foot tucked underneath her, trying to look as if she was doing so "casually" (!) while in reality pressing her heel into her crotch as hard as ever she could (as girls often do in such situations). Still, she fondly hoped as she sweated and struggled to control her painfully-distended, aching bladder, at least Steve and Nick hadn't noticed that anything was amiss. Alas! Of course poor Jenny's hopes were in vain! Needless to say, the two of them were excitedly aware of her plight, and had been for nearly three hours.

At the time, neither of them knew that the other was experiencing precisely the same hot-and-cold-all-over stomach-churning feelings of intense inner excitement which all true male "toilet sadists" feel when they're able to witness the protracted, pathetic struggles of a bursting girl caught frantic to use the lavatory and with nowhere to go. But they were nevertheless unconsciously co-operating to spin out the nightmare picnic for Jenny by saying how much fun it was and how there was no need to hurry back, and both in the meantime were doing their best to conceal from each other, and of course from Jenny and the rest of the family, the throbbing bulges of their rampant hard-ons which were straining inside the front of their jeans!

At last, however, Jenny's parents started clearing up to go, suggesting as they did so that Nick, Steve and Jenny went on ahead in Steve's car to open up the house and start preparing the evening meal. Needless to say, Jenny jumped at the opportunity to get home (she was literally jumping around by this stage, anyway, in her sheer desperation to pee!) and off the three of them set in Steve's car. Well, at least they were off at last! But the journey home was an absolute nightmare for poor Jenny. Nick sat in the front beside Steve (who was driving), and she was in the back, so for the first half hour or so poor Jenny was able to conceal her mounting agony.

She sat unobtrusively (well, she hoped unobtrusively, although Nick and Steve were only too aware of it!) crossing and re-crossing her legs, and after a few miles she put her jersey (which she'd already taken off because of the heat) over her lap, slipped her hand beneath it and down inside the waistband of her jeans (ooh! the agony as she touched her swollen, aching bladder!), and pressed her fingers frantically into her crotch. Time and again she dug her fingers desperately into the front of her knickers, pressing on her distraught little pee hole as hard as she could, and for a time this eased her desperate need. But it didn't relieve it much, and of course all this time her mind was ceaselessly racing away trying to think of ways of getting to a Ladies for a wee before she lost control and wet her pants in the car.

Then she had a brainwave, and almost audibly she gasped with relief. She'd suddenly remembered that they would shortly be passing a filling-station where she knew there was a shop - and was sure there would be a Ladies! So, trying to sound as natural as possible, she asked Steve if he'd stop at the filling-station shop so that she could get some sweets. Steve, of course, hadn't much option but to agree, and Jenny breathed again. "Ooh!" she thought to herself as the filling-station came into view and Steve pulled in. "In just about two minutes I'll be in the loo! Ohh! Thank God! That was well remembered, Jenny! Well done, girl!" Painfully, but with a light heart because she knew that relief was at hand, Jenny got out of the back seat once Steve had stopped the car, and she hobbled over to the shop.

She was a bit disconcerted that Nick came over with her too, but she couldn't help that. She went into the shop, and stood at the counter on just one leg, with the toe of her right shoe rubbing away at her left calf, while she hastily bought a packet of Polos from the shop-assistant. Then she leant over and whispered quietly, so that Nick wouldn't hear, "Please - where's the Ladies?" The reply, when she received it, nearly made her break down in tears. "Sorry, love - out of order. Gents is still OK, but not the Ladies, I'm afraid!"

"Oh, but - but couldn't I - couldn't I please just use the staff toilets? I'm - ooh! - I'm really bursting! I'm just about weeing my pants!" Jenny whispered desperately.

The shop assistant, a pretty young woman of around 30, looked sympathetic but shook her head. "Sorry, love. I can see you're in a bit of a pickle, but the manager's very strict about it." Then she suddenly pursed her lips. "Ooh! Matter of fact, I could do with a wee myself, but he's so strict I can't go until my shift finishes in about half an hour! Ooh! Sometimes you're nearly weeing your pants in this place by the end of your shift!" So there was nothing poor Jenny could do. As the female shop assistant watched sympathetically she put her hand down and gave her pussy a quick squeeze through her jeans to try to ease her agony, and then hobbled out of the shop in a terrible state of panic and distress, cruelly deprived of access to the Ladies (she could actually see it as she hobbled out, all beckoning and inviting, but with - oooooh! - an *out of order* sign on it). And, of course, she knew that Nick just couldn't have helped overhearing what the shop assistant had been saying!

So she was nearly in tears as they got back inside the car, and it wasn't helped at all when Nick then said to Steve as they drove off, "The Ladies there was shut and Jenny's bursting for a pee! Is there anywhere else we could stop?" (Of course Nick actually knew perfectly well that there wasn't, because they were now driving along the road that he and Steve had taken when they were driving to Jenny's parents' house the day before! God! Young Nick was a real toilet sadist!) As for poor Jenny, her need for a pee was by now so desperately bad that she simply couldn't keep still for a second without starting to spurt in her knickers, and as she wriggled around frantically on the seat Steve asked her if she needed a pee badly enough for him to have to stop the car for her to pee by the roadside.

But the idea of having to take her knickers down to wee where Nick might see her bare bum or even her pussy as she squatted down peeing away, horrified Jenny. And so, although she was sweating and sitting with her legs tightly crossed, she denied vehemently that she needed the toilet that badly, and Steve drove on. Then, after about five minutes, Nick whispered in Steve's ear and Steve stopped the car. "What's wrong? Why have you stopped?!" Jenny screamed in a sheer blind panic, unable to bear the thought of yet another delay. "Nick needs a pee," Steve said.

Sure enough, Nick then got out, stood half-hidden behind a solitary, inadequate-looking bush, unzipped his jeans, took his cock out (Jenny could see it quite clearly from where she sat squirming and wriggling there in the back seat!) and had a lengthy, luxurious pee. Like the bush at the picnic-spot, it was the kind of cover that a bloke could just about get away with, but a woman certainly couldn't - particularly as cars were whizzing by all the time. A bloke, standing up straight, was just about hidden. But a girl semi-squatting, weeing away with her jeans and knickers round her knees and her bare bum in the air, certainly wouldn't have been! Jenny squirmed on the back seat in sheer torture until Nick came back.

Then Steve got out of the car. "Steve! Oh God, Steve! What are you doing?" Jenny screamed, by now absolutely hysterical with panic. "I need a pee too! Must have been Nick going for one, and then you wriggling around there in the back! Ooh! I'm simply bursting! Must be the power of suggestion!" As Nick got back into the front passenger seat and Steve strolled off behind the bush in leisurely fashion and unzipped his jeans, Jenny bucked and bounced and threshed around in an utter frenzy of anguish. And it wasn't helped when Nick said, "It's a great feeling to have a pee when you're bursting, isn't it?"

"Ooooh!" Jenny whimpered. "Don't, Nick! Please! You're making it worse!"

At this, Nick "sympathetically" (!) apologised and they waited in silence for Steve to come out from behind the bush. Once he was back into the car, they set off again for the last quarter of an hour of the journey. But within about half a mile of where Nick and Steve had stopped for their pee, and without passing any spot with more adequate cover, they entered a partially built-up area in which it would have been absolutely impossible for Jenny to find anywhere to squat down and pee by the roadside without being seen.

By this stage it was impossible for her to hide the fact that she was absolutely bursting to pee and almost wetting herself as she squirmed around on her sweating bum on the car seat, and Steve and Nick were all too well aware of the fact that she was needing to go so badly that she was practically doing the toilet in her knickers. Steve, of course, although inwardly he was churning with excitement because of Jenny's predicament, had to keep his mind on his driving and his eyes on the road. But Nick, whose face had flushed crimson with excitement, kept looking back at her every minute or so to enquire eagerly how she was managing to hold on and asking her questions at intervals about exactly how desperate she was, whether she'd ever been that desperate before, and whether she felt that she could make it home.

Jenny should have spotted then that the situation was really turning him on, but she hadn't yet come to terms with the idea that a male could get excited by the idea of girls being absolutely bursting to pee, sweating with anxiety, nearly peeing their knickers but with nowhere to go. Moreover, by this time something else was making her worry even more acute. There was only one toilet in Jenny's parents' house, which (since her two younger female cousins had been staying) had often led to mad races to get to it before someone else did, to say nothing of frequent frantic squeals of female panic in the mornings, and she began to feel terrified in case her parents' car (which had set off after they had, but which might have overtaken them during the stop at the filling-station and at the place where Nick and Steve had had a pee) got there first and someone went into the toilet before her. So she pleaded desperately with Steve to hurry up.

By now, Jenny was getting absolutely hysterical. She was bucking and bouncing and thrashing around on the seat, unable to keep still for a single second. Her face was scarlet, she was sobbing and gasping and whimpering, and she had put aside all thoughts of maidenly modesty (she was too far gone for that, and anyway she wasn't a maiden any more thanks to a lusty Sixth Form youth from the neighbouring boys' grammar school during the Easter holidays who had rammed his stiff cock up her eager, frustrated pussy in the back seat of his car, but that has nothing to do with the present story!) and was sitting with the top button of her jeans undone and the zip half down, both hands inside her knickers, openly working away at her profusely-sweating pussy . To her gasping relief, Steve was able to overtake her parents' car and arrive at the house first.

But then - oh God! oh God, he drove past it!!!! "Steve!!!! What are you doing! Oh God! Oh God!!! Steve!!" poor Jenny screamed hysterically. She was sweating with panic, completely unable to believe what Steve was doing, while she sat thrust forward in the seat with her back arched rigidly, her knees jammed hard against the back of the front passenger-seat, her sweat-soaked bottom raised six inches off the back seat, her jeans open to ease the pressure on her rock-hard, tender, swollen bladder, her sweat-saturated knickers half down and both her hands inside them working frantically away at her tortured pee-hole inside her pussy -lips so that the top of her sweat-matted pubic bush was all too clearly visible to Nick as he craned his head round to watch her. "Sorry! Only teasing you, Jenny!" smiled wicked young Steve as he reversed expertly back, his stiff cock throbbing wildly inside his jeans as he did so.

Once they had parked, Steve (who had just been made the recipient of a silent, conspiratorial appeal from Nick!) dashed ahead to open the front door for her while Nick gave Jenny his hand and helped her out of the back seat. She was thrilled just to be holding his hand, but she was so utterly, frantically desperate to pee by this stage that she did a little spurt in her knickers as she got out of the car, which she knew Nick must have noticed because the hot jet of pee spurted into her still partly-unzipped jeans, wetting them very visibly at the crotch. However, Nick squeezed her hand tightly and whispered into her ear, "Don't worry, Jenny - you'll make it!" Poor Jenny was squirming in panic, but she was still able to squeeze his hand back tightly in return and whisper, "Thanks, Nick! Ooh! That bastard Steve!" 

Nick let go of Jenny's hand once they were safely through the gate, but he followed behind her closely as she hobbled frantically up the path towards the house, clutching herself shamelessly with both hands thrust down inside her sweaty knickers. Gallantly he blocked the path of the others (her parents' car had arrived by now, and her two younger female cousins also seemed to be making determinedly for the loo) and saw her safely upstairs and into the bathroom, walking just behind her all the way. It never occurred to poor Jenny, of course, that he did this not just because it gave him a fantastic rear view of her shapely, desperate bum as it jiggled from side to side while she made her desperate journey upstairs (she would have understood that, of course), but also because it gave him a wonderful close-up rear view of the pee soaked, dripping wet patch on her crotch between her legs!

(Nick told Steve much later that evening that he'd already nearly come in his jeans in the car watching poor Jenny squirm around, hearing her catch her anguished breath and imagining the utter, helpless panic and anxiety she must have been experiencing as a result of being trapped in the cruel predicament of having at least another quarter of an hour more to hang on before she had any chance of getting to the bathroom, to say nothing of when she'd screamed hysterically at Steve as he drove PAST THE HOUSE. He also confessed that he'd nearly come in his pants again as he gazed from behind at the glistening wet patch of pee-soaked jeans between Jenny's plump little upper thighs, watching the little drops of hot, smelly female pee drip from the saturated cloth on to the stair carpet.

There had even, he told Steve, been one very visible sudden spurt of her hot pee from between the backs of her upper thighs, at which she'd squeezed her upper thighs together even more tightly and climbed the last few stairs literally cross-legged. Nick had gazed in sheer ecstasy at her bum bouncing around practically in front of his face as she made her desperate way upstairs, and wondered if she could possibly make it in time or if she'd be really cruelly caught short and lose all control of her desperate female bladder just a few tantalising seconds before she reached the bathroom!)

Jenny, of course, was unaware of all this. As far as she was concerned, Nick (unlike that sadistic bastard Steve, concerning whom her thoughts were anything but kindly!) was just being gentlemanly and helpful! But she was needing the bathroom so badly by this stage that she didn't know if she was peeing her knickers or not, and her ordeal wasn't yet over. To get to the bathroom in her house you had to turn left on to a side landing once you reached the top of the stairs, and this side landing was invisible from the hall. So, once she had turned the corner, with Nick close behind her, and just as she was about to race into the bathroom, he grabbed her really firmly from behind and held her tightly.

"Nick! What are you doing? I don't understand! Oh please let me go!" she gasped in panic as she felt his huge, urgent erection pressing hard against her frantically-squirming bum and his eager right hand plunged down the front of her sweat soaked knickers and started feeling up her soaking, bare, frantically-working little pussy . But no! The sadistic sod just held her tightly as she wriggled and wriggled, his hand pressing tightly against her while her frantic little pussy spurted hot jets of her desperate pee all over it. As he held her, he whispered in her ear, "Teasing you! Teasing you! You're all sweating and bursting and desperate and just about peeing your pants, and I've trapped you! Ooh! You're nearly peeing your knickers, aren't you! You're nearly peeing your knickers!"

For a full minute or two Nick held her tightly like that as she frantically jiggled and jiggled and jiggled around there in desperation on the landing outside the bathroom door. She was sobbing, and her frantic, sweating bum was helplessly grinding itself against the straining crotch of Nick's jeans as his throbbing, massively stiff cock poked between her bum cleft through her jeans. Then he heard someone beginning to climb the stairs, so he cursed softly to himself and rapidly let go of Jenny, who raced into the loo, yanked down her jeans and knickers over her bare bottom in a fever of sweaty agitation, and then sat on the toilet sobbing and peeing helplessly, her desperate, unstoppable pee cascading out of her from between her legs like a hot, smelly, steaming female waterfall.

When she looked down afterwards she saw that the crotch of her knickers was absolutely saturated with her desperate spurts of pee, so she stuffed them into the laundry basket, sponged the pee-soaked crotch of her jeans (which she took into her bedroom to dry on the radiator), slipped into the bedroom to put on another pair of knickers and jeans, and then went downstairs still baffled by Nick's odd conduct (to say nothing of being both baffled and bloody angry about Steve's!) but trying to behave as if nothing had happened.

Had she found herself alone with Steve and Nick she would of course probably have raged at them or even physically hit them for having been so cruel and inconsiderate, but her parents and her two young cousins were milling around when she went downstairs and they knew nothing about what had happened, except that she heard her mum whisper to one of her younger cousins, "I think Jenny was in a bit of a hurry to get to the loo when she got home, and so that must have been why she ran on ahead up the path like that. She'd probably been bursting to wee in the car, but didn't like to ask Steve and Nick to stop.

So don't say anything about it to anyone, please, especially Steve or Nick, in case she'd be embarrassed." So Jenny said nothing about the incident. As for Nick and Steve, they were also very good and well-behaved when she came down and made no reference to her predicament. And she had calmed down quite a bit by later on in the evening, and therefore was quite prepared to accept Steve's grovelling apology, when - catching her alone - he put his arms round her, kissed her on the cheek and said, "Look, I'm really, really sorry about this afternoon, Jenny.

It was just a silly joke of mine that went wrong. Friends again? Please? And oh, by the way - Nick really fancies you, you know!" (Steve was an artful bastard, wasn't he! Not only did he conceal from Jenny the real reason for his behaviour, but he also gave her a good, ready-made explanation for Nick's conduct on the landing and ended up with the news that Nick fancied her, which he knew would thrill her, restore her self respect and take her mind off what had happened earlier!

We "toilet sadists" are a cunning lot, aren't we!) But it was just as well for Jenny's peace of mind, and her future relationship with the cousin she so much liked and respected (and, of course, toilet-torturing apart, he very much liked and respected her too!), that she couldn't overhear any of the whispered conversation that Steve and Nick had once they'd gone up to the room they were sharing and were undressing for bed. It started when Nick (who, as you'll have gathered, had confessed to Steve the previous evening that he fancied Jenny something rotten!) shyly whispered:

"Hey, Steve! Didn't Jenny's bum look really nice in those tight jeans of hers, wiggling around when she was absolutely desperate and couldn't get in to the bathroom?! Ooh! Steve! Poor Jenny was absolutely desperate for hours and couldn't get to the bathroom and had to WAIT!" As Nick said this he was bending over with his arse in the air taking off his jeans and pants, and, although he had his back to Steve as he was doing so, Steve couldn't help noticing out of the corner of his eye that Nick's cock was hugely erect!

So he replied, "You dirty sod! You shouldn't have been looking at my 18 year-old cousin Jenny's wriggling bum when she was absolutely bursting to pee and couldn't get in to the bathroom, mate! 22 year-old students like you shouldn't get huge hard-ons looking at 18-year-old schoolgirls' wriggling helpless sweaty bums when they're caught absolutely dying to pee and they're desperately trying to get in to the bathroom before anyone else gets there just seconds before them and beats them to it and- ooooh! - cruelly locks the door right in their face!"


He then looked more closely at Nick and (noting not only Nick's very visible hard-on but also his evident breathless excitement at the turn the conversation was taking!) pressed on eagerly, "But it wasn't just her sexy bum, was it, though, mate? Didn't you just love seeing her really bursting? Eh? You like that, don't you? You're kinky that way, aren't you? Go on! Admit it! You like girls to be all wriggling and frantic and bursting and desperate to get to the bathroom and really sweaty with panic, frightened someone'll go and beat them to it! Admit it! That's what really turned you on, wasn't it?"

"Yes!" Nick gurgled, red-faced with excitement. "But how on earth did you know?"

"I just guessed!" Steve answered "I recognise all the signs myself, you see!" Then he leant across and, in an excited whisper, hissed conspiratorially and eagerly in Nick's ear, "I'm exactly the same as you are, mate!

Ever since I was a boy I've loved seeing girls when they're caught absolutely bursting, especially if they have to wait and wait for ages until they just can't wait another second and they're practically peeing their knickers, and I've always wanted to be cruel to them and delay them and make them wait and squirm and suffer when they're absolutely bursting and watch them get really desperate, until they're so frantic to pee that they just can't wait any longer and have to wee their pants!"

"Oh Steve!" Nick gasped in a strangled voice, "Ever since I was just a little boy I've been absolutely crazy about girls being bursting to pee and having to wait for the toilet FRANTIC! I just can't believe you feel the same way!"

"But I do, Nick! Cor! Not half!!" Steve sniggered, winking at him. "And now the two of us can have a really, really great holiday, devising all sorts of subtle, crafty, devious, tantalising ways of toilet-torturing poor, unsuspecting Jenny, hindering her and delaying her when she's desperate to pee and she's almost peeing her pants! We'll make poor Jenny really suffer and suffer for the toilet, you and I! It'll be great!"

"Ohhh!!" groaned Nick. "God, Steve, remember the way she screamed when you drove past the house! She was absolutely hysterical with panic! Remember her face! Remember how her hands were right down inside her knickers, rubbing away at her pussy ! Ohhhh!" As Nick reminisced, beetroot-faced and ecstatic while he tried to stop his hand straying towards his throbbing cock (he'd never had a hard-on while naked in Steve's presence before and he felt a bit embarrassed about it, although Steve was also by now fully undressed and he could see that Steve's cock was just as hard as his was!), Steve winked at him and produced the trophy he'd surreptitiously stolen from out of the laundry-basket while he'd been in the bathroom getting ready for bed - Jenny's pee-soaked knickers!

Then, once they were in bed, they passed them from hand to hand eagerly as they discussed in excited whispers every last little excruciating detail of poor Jenny's predicament that afternoon, and each of them was only too well aware of what the other was doing secretly under the sheets! Steve was too polite to say anything even when Nick suddenly grabbed Jenny's knickers, hid them under the sheets, wanked furiously into them for a moment or two, gasped, went rigid, gave a stifled cry and then shamefacedly produced them from under the sheets again soaking with his spunk, even damper than they'd been before! But, when Nick began a mumbled apology, Steve just winked at him and said, "Don't worry, mate! I've wanked into her knickers many a time, too!

Now pass them over here! It's my turn!" And so there began a holiday which Jenny was always to remember as involving a delightful (and in the end physically exciting) summer romance with Nick, unfortunately punctuated by a series of what were (she was quite certain) coincidental but nevertheless extremely embarrassing pants-wetting or else near-pants-wetting mishaps. But Steve and Nick (much as Nick enjoyed the romance and its eventual sexual consummation, because he genuinely liked and was physically smitten by Jenny) were to remember it instead as a sustained, systematic, co-operative male exercise in the toilet torture of a hapless, pathetic female "toilet victim"!

And, although Nick had a steady girlfriend at college and Jenny also had a boyfriend at the time, so that it was never meant to be more than a holiday fling for either of them, Jenny didn't know at the time (and neither did Steve) that one of Steve's other college pals, Dave (whom we'll meet later), would not only prove to be Jenny's future long-term boyfriend but was also, himself, a crafty, cunning, committed, toilet-torturing toilet sadist . . . !!

(To be continued on request . . . )

