The Match - Part 2-2
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, Humiliation, Bondage, Masturbation, Foreplay, and Sex.
By Gillian

"Why isn't one of you sitting in the front with Taira?" Kim asked, not comfortable being in such a tight arrangement. Taira giggled, then answered. "Because we're taking you somewhere." Kim, the effects of the alcohol she had consumed that evening still fogging her mind sat back, not answering. Taira giggled again, and then the car pulled out of the parking lot and headed to the highway. As soon as they were on the highway, Taira giggled again, and reached over into the passenger seat, pulled out a large bottle of water, and handed it back to Amber. Kim looked at Amber to her right in fright.

"Well, coach, it's like this. We're not done with you just yet. So unless you want the world to see that little tape I made, you're going to do exactly what we tell you to do. And I think we're going to start by making you drink that bottle of water." Amber giggled and Chrissy smiled, all three of the girls loved the chance to turn the tables on their coach, and they were relishing the fact that they were about to make their coach extremely desperate once again. "Nnn NOOOO" Kim screamed as Amber unscrewed the bottle. "NOooo. Please. Come on. Please please don't do this. Isn't this enough?? I fucking peed in my skirt in front of the whole town, isn't that enough?" Kim screamed.

Taira looked in the rear view mirror and saw Amber and Chrissy restrain Kim by suddenly tying her arms to the child restraint connections on the rear seat. Kim tried to resist but was too tightly wedged in between the two strong girls to move. Amber put the water up to Kim's lips and made Kim drink it. Choking, gasping for air, Kim tried to keep swallowing the water as Amber tipped the entire bottle up, until Kim had finished the bottle. "Good girl," Amber said, laughing. Kim strained and started fighting again. "I am not going to pee in my skirt for you girls again, so LET ME OUT OF THE CAR NOW." Taira smiled. "I don't think so, Kim. We're going to drive around a little while, and when you finally have to go to the bathroom really badly, we'll decide what we want to do with you. I mean- that's what you made us do that day in the gym, isn't it? Making me pee in my panties in the closet wasn't very fun, and I don't think this is going to be very fun for you!"

"Yea, bitch," Chrissy said, "You made me fucking pee in my shorts without any underwear so now every jerk in high school is probably looking at pictures on the internet or something, so I hope this really sucks for you. I want to see you pee in everything you have, just for revenge. I'm so fucking glad I'm done with high school because I'm going to college whether you want to or not and you're not coaching where I'm going, so like, fuck you, huh." Amber looked over at Chrissy, who was violently mad and obviously enjoying the revenge taking place on Kim, who after fifteen minutes of driving was quickly needing to urinate very badly, but tied in the back of the car with two of her gymnasts holding her in.

Taira kept driving. Minute by minute, Kim's already desperate bladder was growing increasingly stretched, and by the time Taira had driven aimlessly around the city for a half an hour, Kim was needing to use the bathroom so badly she could barely keep still. Sitting in the back seat, her body was twitching, her legs tight together, her feet tapping against the carpet of the floor. Surely they would let her go pee SOMEWHERE. But where, that was the question - it was dark outside and nothing seemed open.

More minutes passed by. Finally, Taira parked the car in the empty parking lot of an office complex. She turned around in her seat. "So, coach, how bad do you have to go to the bathroom right now? You're shaking pretty badly." Kim had to pee so incredibly bad that she was about to pee in her skirt right there, but she decided that she would not let the girls know how bad she truly had to go. "I'm okay," she lied. "Well, good. In that case, Amber, why don't you give her another bottle of water to drink." Kim screamed. "NOOOOO. Okay, okay, I lied; I really need to go pee. PLEASE don't, please Oh God, don't make me drink any more water!!! Noo please nooo!" Amber put the water back in her bag and then reached over to Kim's right knee.

Chrissy reached over to Kim's left knee. Taira commanded "Open your legs, now." Kim tried not to, but the two girls shoved Kim's legs apart, revealing Kim's panties, visible in the dim interior light up her black skirt. "Pee in your skirt, right now," Taira commanded, giggling. "FUCK YOU," Kim replied. "Okay, Girls...." Amber reached and shoved her hand hard against Kim's tummy and Kim screamed loudly. The incredible pain tortured Kim's completely desperate body, her pee screaming inside of her, dying to escape her already humiliated body. Amber pushed hard again, lower, right against Kim's bladder.

"NOOOOOOO Oh God NOOOOO" Kim screamed, violently reacting to the incredible stinging pain when Amber shoved her in the right place. "Wet your pants, Coach, right now," Taira repeated, staring directly up Kim's skirt, waiting for the flood. "No please Oh God, no. Look, I'm sorry I did that stuff to you. You don't understand..." Kim wailed, begging now, no longer aggressive.

"Amber, why don't you push a little harder this time" Taira said. Amber, smiling, took both hands and shoved as hard as she could into Kim's bladder. Kim's body tensed but the intense, fierce pain was too much and as she screamed a blood curdling loud scream, Kim began to violently pee into her panties, the sizzling stream of pee no longer able to be contained in her tortured bladder, not with Amber pushing on her tummy so hard. The hissing, sizzling jet of hot urine exploded from the 30 year olds nearly perfect body, the hissing sound loud in the quiet of the car interior. Taira smiled as she watched the flood appear between Kim's legs, the pee spreading instantly through her panties, the huge flood of pee on the car seat, on Kim's skirt, and the streaming rivers of pee that poured off the edge of the back seat as Kim uncontrollably wet her clothes for the second time that evening.

Chrissy and Amber giggled as they bent their heads down to watch Kim pee into her skirt as they held her there. Kim tried to squirm but with her hands and arms tied back to the seat, she was unable to move. Her head lay back and she started crying uncontrollably in utter agony as she continued to urinate into her clothing while the three girls giggled and laughed uncontrollably, obviously enjoying the experience of making Kim wet her clothes once again that night. Taira reached between the seats and rubbed her hand up Kim's soaking wet thigh, Kim's pantyhose soaking wet, and she reached up and touched Kim's soaking panties, causing Kim to gasp.

They knew now, of course, that Kim was a lesbian and it was obvious as Kim gasped again when Taira probed into Kim's most personal places, her fingers probing against the pee soaked panties of their humiliated coach. As Kim finally stopped peeing, her bladder temporarily empty, Taira smiled. "Let's go and drop her off and have some more fun." The girls giggled as Kim sat there; her butt getting cold as she sat in her own pee puddle and wondered what they were talking about.

Twenty minutes later, the girls pulled up to Kim's house in a quiet neighborhood not far from the school. Taira opened the door for the girls and they untied Kim, but before Kim could resist, Taira took a pair of handcuffs out of her bag and cuffed Kim's hands together. Kim screamed, but Amber put her hand over her mouth and muffled the scream before it could awake the neighbors. The three girls led Kim into her own house, and Taira walked over to the doorway by the kitchen closet, opened it, and the three girls led Kim down into her own basement. Kim panicked, knowing full well what they would find down there. Amber and Chrissy were amazed too when they walked into the main room of the basement. "OH GOD" Amber replied. "Holy SHIT" Chrissy exclaimed. Taira smiled. "I've done my homework, I told you I would," she said. "Wow, like how did you find out about this?" Chrissy asked. "I house-sat for her when I first came here, and found the hidden key to the door.

She never knew that I had been down there, but I've always known she had this stuff." Laid out in the room were a set of wrought iron circles mounted in the concrete wall and a set of light chains, obviously used to tie people up. An examination table stood in the middle of the room, restraining straps and hardware neatly arranged on the surface. Hung directly from the ceiling, drilled into a large crossbeam, were a pair of heavy metal rings, about three or four feet apart. Directly underneath, on the floor, were matching rings. The top hooks had chains hanging from them with a set of handcuffs attached, and the bottom rings had a set of ankle cuffs attached. A simple desk drawer contained a small refrigerator on one side, and a fishing tackle box filled with clamps, needles, and other small tools in various trays. A brand new high definition Sony video camera, the very latest that the professionals used, stood on a tripod, with another one, matching, stood in the corner, aiming towards the first one.

A set of lights stood in the corner. There was no bathroom. Chrissy first noticed that face. "Hey, uh, Taira, like this is pretty wild, but can I run upstairs and go pee, I'm like dying here." "Yea, me too," Amber said. Taira giggled. "Yea, I have to pee like crazy too. Let's tie her up first, and then we can go pee and come back down and have some fun. Unless one of you wants to pee in front of her- you know how that drives her crazy!" Chrissy shook her head. "No way. I've wet my pants enough in front of this bitch. You can though, that was pretty cool watching coach squirm while you peed your pants in front of her. But I can't." Chrissy shook her head.

Amber smiled. "I think I might. If I can hold it long enough. I want coach to have to go bad again too before I do it though." Chrissy looked over in amazement. "Are you serious? You're gonna do it??" "Yea, why not. I just think it would be cool to see coach tied up, while we make her drink more water, and make her watch me pee into my pants right in front of her cause you know like she's dying to do it with another girl and she won't get the chance. It would be so cool to torture her like that!"

"Oh my GOD, that is SO mean. Okay, let's do it. I'll hold it in. Maybe she'll get excited seeing me squirm too, because I seriously need to use the bathroom like super bad too!" Chrissy squirmed as she finished her sentence, her bladder dying inside. Kim looked over, fantasizing over Chrissy, wishing she could watch her wet herself once again, just like in the office, but she knew this time things were going to be different. "Yea, Chrissy, you like KNOW she likes seeing you desperate," Amber giggled as Chrissy blushed. "You should like drink some water and start moaning like you really need to go just to tease her. Coach might pee her pants just watching you squirm!." Chrissy giggled, and then reached into her purse and took out a bottle of water. "See, Coach, I need to pee SOOOO bad right now I'm about to bust, but I'm gonna have some water too. Just think of how bad I have to go."

Kim squirmed as she listened to Chrissy tease her, her body tense. She looked around, her nipples quickly growing erect as she listened to Amber and Chrissy talk about how badly they needed to use the bathroom, and especially Amber. Kim secretly fantasized about touching Amber while she wet herself, and couldn't believe she was going to do it in front of her. If only they would just let her do her thing and respond instead of what they had in mind. If only...

Taira smiled. "Ok, Kim, here's the deal. We all have to pee like crazy bad, so you are going to be tied up- to this wall here. So let's just slide you over here. Oh yea, girls, strip her down." Kim's eyes grew wide. Chrissy came over and removed Kim's soaked pantyhose, soaked panties, and skirt, leaving her naked, her black pubic hair exposed, just in her blouse, which Amber came over and unbuttoned, leaving Kim's breasts exposed, her erect nipples in full view. Taira looked around, and then found a pair of clean panties in the laundry room and came over.

"Let's make her pee in these!" She held up a pair of light silver nylon panties, a very thin and slightly translucent material. "OH yes that would be cool. We need to film this too!" Amber said, turning the camera on. Within seconds, Kim was attached to the rings in the concrete wall, wearing only her top, open with her breasts exposed, and a pair of tight fitting panties that clearly outlined her pubic region. The thin fabric couldn't hold back her pubic hair, and strands of her dark brown hair poked through the fabric.

She struggled as the girls went to the table, opened the refrigerator, and brought out two bottles of water. "NOO, what, WHAT are you doing??" she weakly replied, knowing of course there was no way she would escape. It was too late. The girls had discovered her secret dungeon that she had just recently started, and it was going to be her that was tied up. Chrissy came over, walking funny because she needed to pee so badly, and put the water to Kim's mouth. Kim knew she had to drink it, and did as she was commanded. The power of the three girls over their coach was incredible now. Kim knew she had been beaten and had no escape. She could not let Taira show anyone that tape of her peeing and masturbating in the office of she would lose her job and never coach again. She knew she HAD to obey the girls and had no choice. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she finished the water. Already her bladder was sending signals from everything she had drank earlier.

Tied up against the hard, rough concrete wall, Kim needed to once again urgently use the bathroom. She knew the girls would not likely give her the chance.

"Oh God, hurry up, I'm DYING to pee," Chrissy said, giggling, holding herself as she stood there. "So, Amber, are you going to pee for her?" Taira asked. Amber giggled. Walking over to Kim, she looked at her. She stood really close, and then slowly pulled her clothes off. "Oh my GOD, Amber, you're crazy. That's probably like her fantasy seeing you like that!" Chrissy exclaimed. Amber stood in front of Kim in only her light blue mesh bikini panties, her breasts and everything else naked, her bladder screaming, and watched Kim struggle against the chains, obviously getting extremely desperate herself. Kim's eyes could not leave the gorgeous dark haired girl - she stared intently at Amber's panties, waiting, hoping, relishing the first signs of a wet spot.

Surely Amber would wet herself in front of her to tease her. Kim almost didn't care. She so wanted to see Amber pee into her panties that she was about to burst into her own underwear in excitement. "Hang On, Amber," Taira called out, "Let's tape this." Amber giggled. "Cool, I want to see her squirm while I pee in front of her. But hurry, I'm about to bust!!" Amber was pacing back and forth now, her own bladder on the very edge. Chrissy was even more desperate, pacing rapidly, but not wanting to take a bathroom break and miss any of the excitement as they were about to torture their coach with humiliation by taping her again.

The cameras were started, and Taira moved the lights and turned them on. "Okay, I think we're ready..." Amber giggled, still pacing rapidly in front of Kim as she stood there. "Okay, Coach, we just want to know how bad you need to pee right now" Taira giggled. "Oh God, please don't tape this..." Kim begged softly, crying uncontrollably as she realized how much power the girls were going to have now. "I didn't hear your answer, Coach," Taira commanded again.

She crossed her legs; Taira too desperately needed to use the bathroom very badly. Kim looked at her; in that position, Taira's obvious white panties formed a perfect panty line against her thin white slacks and Kim secretly wished she could see Taira pee in her pants too. "I need to go pee," Kim said. "Louder, coach," Taira commanded, giggling. Chrissy was really pacing, on the verge of peeing into her clothes as she struggled to contain her bladder while she watched the desperation of the coach that had humiliated her days earlier. "Okay, Amber, are you ready?" "Yea, HURRY, I need to PEE SO BADD" Amber yelled in reply. "Good. Let's do it then."

Chrissy almost exploded into her own panties right there, knowing Amber was going to start peeing into her panties in front of Kim and then that Kim was going to start peeing herself while they taped her. With the tape of Kim peeing into her panties while being tied up and with the tape Taira had made of the scene at the office, Chrissy knew that they would make Kim sign the scholarship forms and probably even get back the pictures of Chrissy exposed on the balance beam that the yearbook photographer had taken. She moved over to see, curious if Amber would really go through with it or not. She couldn't believe Amber was going to wet herself on purpose in front of the coach just to excite her. But she had seen the clamps and needles over on the table in the plastic box, so she kind of guessed that they were going to do a lot more to Kim than just make her pee in her panties on video.

"Alright, Amber. Let's count it down," Taira replied, standing out of the range of the camera so it could have a clear view of Amber and Kim, standing just inches apart. Kim stared, at Amber's panties, and thought she detected the slightest wet spot. Kim's mound was engorged, excited from the sight of Amber half naked and also excited from being so horribly desperate to pee but restrained to the wall in chains, unable to escape to the bathroom. The countdown began slowly as Taira tried to tease Kim even more.

"5" - Kim's eyes grew wide in excitement, her knees quivered.

"4" - Amber's heart raced as she felt her bladder surge violently, pressure increasing.

"3" - Amber squirmed, and a small jet of pee leaked into her blue panties, causing a small wet spot. She giggled, looking forward to peeing herself simply to relieve the pressure and knowing how much agony it would cause Kim.

"2" - Kim's heart raced- she knew what was coming next.

"1" - Amber took a deep breath. It was the time she had been waiting for. Looking into Kim's eyes directly, she smiled, took another deep breath, and then relaxed. Spinning around, her and Taira grabbed Chrissy by surprise, and immediately slapped handcuffs onto the surprised gymnast, and within seconds, as she stood there screaming, trying to resist, Taira and Amber had connected Chrissy to the overhead rings, restrained, unable to fight back. "NOOOO" she screamed, her legs flailing.

"What the fuck noooooo!" she screamed loudly. Amber reached over and disconnected Kim from the rings and the two girls plus their coach removed Chrissy's clothing, stripping off her pleated skirt, exposing her blue string bikini panties, then ripped off her shirt, leavin her breasts exposed, and then quickly slapped ankle cuffs onto her ankles and connected them to the two rings dug into the basement floor. Within a minute of the countdown, Chrissy had been taken by surprise, and screaming, thrashing, in ultimate desperation from a full bladder and about to explode herself, was restrained in bondage in the middle of the room. The two video cameras were now aimed at the violently angry gymnast who was nearly having a seizure as she tried to free herself unsuccessfully from the chained restraints.

"What are you doing?" she screamed, still thrashing, the metal chains banging as she tried to escape, her eyes wide with fright, her heart racing, not comprehending the sudden change in plans. "Well, Chrissy," Kim replied, standing there in only her panties, Amber joining her, "It's like this...." Taira laughed as she walked over to the tackle box. She came back with a pair of small sharp needles that looked like larger versions of acupuncture needles, and a pair of small spring clamps. Standing in front of Chrissy, she calmly showed her the needles and clamps. Chrissy screamed. "No Noo NOOOOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOOO."

A burst of pee exploded out of her panties as she froze in absolute terror before she could hold it back, the hot jet of pee spraying against her right inner thigh. "Yea, Chrissy. It's like this," Taira continued what Kim had started. "Ever since I came to this school, it's always been all about you. It's like every other gymnast here isn't good enough, like you're the only one who can do the balance beam or something. So we let you have your way and you fucking lose the match for us because you pee in your leotard and you're too stupid to even remember your trunks. So this is all about revenge." Kim giggled, then added "Yea, and since I'm sure you're wondering, Taira and I have been dating for the past six months, ever since she joined the team. She's pretty awesome, you know."

Taira put her arms around Kim and hugged her. Amber smiled "And yea, I guess you should know that they kinda talked to me about some things and I've been in on this too. Sometimes it's cool to have a little three way action you know, and they've really showed me some things." Chrissy looked around, not believing what she was hearing. Her two friends on the team, Taira and Amber, were both lesbian? How could this be? And Taira, always so shy and quiet in practice, she couldn't believe she was sleeping with the coach! "Yea," Taira continued. "And ever since you wet yourself, Kim and I started thinking that would be something sexy to do. I never thought going to the bathroom on myself was going to be so sexy, but we pee on each other or in our clothes like ALL the time."

Chrissy's mouth dropped open, stunned. Amber giggled. "Yea, and I guess I need to be honest with you too, Chrissy. I really want you. Like really badly. And I really want to make you pee in your pants, just like when you did it during the match..." Chrissy cried out, not believing her friend was secretly fantasizing over her body, and even worse, dreaming about making her wet herself!

Taira smiled and continued her speech.

"And like, this whole night, yea, like it was all planned. Kim's been wanting me to make her pee in her sexy skirt in public, like a big fantasy, and I dared her to let us do this to her. We've planned this for a month now. And we've been fantasizing about tying you up and making you wet yourself right here. Again..." Chrissy screamed again. "No, OH GOD, you're fucking sick. Please please Oh God please just let me go I promise. Oh God, I promise I won't tell anyone."

Taira smiled. Walking closer, looking at Chrissy, who know was squirming in the chains, her pee about to explode from her again, Taira took the nipple clamps and placed one on both of Chrissy's breasts, extending the nipple firmly. Chrissy screamed from the pressure, tears rushing to her eye. Taira smiled, and then took one of the thin needles and quickly inserted it through Chrissy's extended nipple, piercing it. "NOOOOOOOOO- OOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW" Chrissy screamed violently in intense pain, her body twisting with the extreme pain from her nipple being pierced by Taira.

Tears shot out from her eyes in pain and instantly, her bladder exploded. As she thrashed, pee exploded from her panties and streamed down he legs in violent, surging waterfalls, all of the urine from the past hours exploding from her as she thrashed in a combination of pain and humiliation. Taira reached for the needle and twisted it again, causing Chrissy to scream again. "NOO Oh God GODDDDD NOOOOOO Ssssssttopppppppppppp please Oh GOD IT HURTS PLEASE PLEASE OH GODDDDD NOOOOO OWWWWWWWW." Taira smiled.

Amber walked up to Chrissy and kissed her on the cheek; Chrissy turned away. "No, NOOOO, DON'T DO THIS TO ME" she cried out. Amber took the other needle from Taira and teased Chrissy with it, touching the point of it along Chrissy's other nipple, watching Chrissy's eyes track every move, in absolute and total fear. "So, Chrissy, are you going to let me have you tonight?" Amber smiled, pricking Chrissy's nipple with the needle. Tears streamed from her eyes in pain as Chrissy shook, trying to back off from Amber's approach. "NOOO" she screamed. Amber smiled, and quickly pierced Chrissy's other nipple. Chrissy screamed again, the pain so intense she almost blacked out. "NOOOOOOO. PLEASE STOP STOP STOP STOP OH GOD JUST STOPpp."

Pee again exploded from her bladder, the last streams violently surging out as the tortured, bound, desperate senior gymnast finished wetting her panties in front of the girls, her body thrashing and screaming as she did so. As she finished peeing, Taira and Amber removed the needles and took off the nipple clamps and looked at Chrissy. Chrissy was breathing hard, and sobbing, and with a last dribble of hot pee running down her bare legs, she finished peeing into her pants. She no longer had the energy to thrash and shake and stood there, tears pouring from her eyes as a large pee puddle lay beneath her crotch on the basement floor. Pee wetness shone on her legs as she stood there, her pubic mound clearly visible through the taut fabric of her wet panties.

Amber, now totally desperate and completely ready to burst, walked over to Chrissy. Kim smiled, and brought over a small step stool. Amber climbed up on it, her panties now above Chrissy's panty line, and Amber giggled and relaxed her bladder. Streams and jets of hot pee exploded from Amber and after the first seconds of delight of feeling the hot pee burst through her clinging tight panties, Amber pulled her panties aside and directed her pee stream directly onto Chrissy's tummy.

Taira giggled and pulled Chrissy's panties down from the top, exposing the top of her pubic hair and Amber finished peeing by spraying jet after jet of hot pee down and into Chrissy's panties, soaking the gymnasts pubic bush. Chrissy tried to turn away, disgusted by the fact one of her friends was actually peeing into her underwear and all over her. After 40 seconds of violent urination all over Chrissy, Amber stopped and Kim walked over. Kim stood on the stool and Taira lowered Chrissy's panties even further, now exposing Chrissy's vulva.

Kim bent a bit, and then violently wet into her panties for a few seconds, the silver fabric quickly becoming transparent where the wet spot spread, and after the hot pee had started to run down her legs, she too pulled her panties aside and after a few tries, adjusted herself to where she was peeing as hard as she could onto Chrissy's exposed mound, Kim's pee rushing through Chrissy's pubic hair, the hot wetness streaming over Chrissy's most personal and private parts. Chrissy involuntarily started to moan as the sexual excitement became too much.

Against her own will, Chrissy began to shake and as Kim finished peeing after a long sixty-second stream, Amber came over and started to probe Chrissy's now naked mound with her fingers, stroking up and down, twirling the wet pubic hair in her fingers, arousing Chrissy quickly. Amber then probed and inserted her fingers and within minutes brought Chrissy to a violent orgasm as she stood there, shackled to the ceiling and floor in chains, her body twisting and writhing in a most intense combination of humiliation and sexual pleasure.

Kim watched, drinking a bottle of water, also amazed at how she needed to use the bathroom again even though it had just been ten minutes since she had urinated onto Chrissy. Kim smiled as she watched Amber continue to sexually pleasure Chrissy, watching as Chrissy twisted and moaned, her body thrashing, as Amber skilfully brought Chrissy to another orgasm. Needing to use the bathroom suddenly again, Chrissy started peeing violently over Amber's fingers while she probed Chrissy deeply and firmly. Amber smiled and as Chrissy peed over her fingers, she probed further, deeper, and soon Chrissy exploded a third time in an explosive climax as her body shook with pleasure. As they watched Amber bring Chrissy to a third and final orgasm, Taira and Kim hugged tightly and began to kiss gently, slowly becoming more forceful with their tongues with each ticking minute of the clock.

After another ten minutes, Amber had to urinate again and emptied her bladder into her panties again over Chrissy's thighs, and Chrissy, exhausted from the ordeal, tried to twist away but couldn't, her thoughts confused as she stood there bound to the rings, feeling immense pleasure from the experience but also immense shame. Taira paused from making out with Kim to look over, giggling as she saw Amber peeing on Chrissy again, enjoying the tears that suddenly came pouring from Chrissy's eyes.

Taira was amazingly aroused now, and she smiled at Kim. Kim turned to face Taira and then glanced over at Amber, who was furiously masturbating by probing herself through her wet panties while Chrissy sobbed in humiliation and agony, her body finally at a dead rest hanging from the rings attached to the ceiling. "Please, I need to go to the bathroom again," Chrissy moaned, her voice strained with exertion. None of the other girls bothered to move as Chrissy twisted slightly, her need to urinate again becoming severe.

Kim and Taira stared at one another. Giggling, Taira urinated into her white slacks, the thin imported fabric quickly dampening with hot streaming torrents of pee as Taira completely wet herself in front of her lover, the pee making her white slacks completely see through, her thighs glistening wet under the now soaked, clinging fabric. Kim embraced her and the two girls started kissing passionately as Kim started to remove Taira's pants, soon leaving her only in her soaked white panties, Taira's pubic mound now on display, protruding against the tight wet panties she had worn. Kim, needing desperately to pee again, emptied the rest of her bladder onto Taira's mound, completely soaking Taira's white panties, streams of pee gashing from Kim's pee hole on to and through Taira's tangled pubic hair, the hot wetness exciting Taira as she gasped loudly in pleasure, and the two quickly collapsed onto the ground as they brought each other to mutual, explosive orgasms in a frenzy of wet sex.

Amber brought herself to climax and then went to Chrissy and started touching her again, forcing her hands against the desperate girl's tummy, giggled, and collapsed on the ground exhausted. As she lay there, she looked up at Chrissy and giggled as she watched the quickly spreading stain as Chrissy once again was forced to pee into her panties while in bondage, completely unable to free herself to use the bathroom she so desperately needed to use. As Chrissy explosively wet herself, tears once again streamed from her face as she realized how incredibly humiliated she was feeling, and how badly she was being abused.

Streams after stream flooded her already wet legs again, her bladder unable to hold the water she had drank. Her tears ran down her cheeks in sheets, a violent seizure of sorts overcoming her as the enormity of her desperation, bathroom denial, and abuse overcame her. Chrissy sobbed loudly, trying to scream through hoarse vocal cords, but couldn't. All because she had peed herself on the balance beam in competition and lost the match. She hung her head in shame and embarrassment as she cried harder, trying to ignore the three girls who were now breathing heavily, their bodies covered with sweat and pee, giggling and laughing at her. She was abused yet confused.

In the midst of her tears, she also remembered the extreme pleasure Amber had brought to her, but didn't understand why the girls were being so cruel. Sexually inexperienced, Chrissy didn't know what to make of the mixed feelings that ran through her mind. Still giggling on the floor, Amber stood up and released Chrissy from the rings, freeing the humiliated gymnast from her bounds. Chrissy immediately hugged and embraced her best friend Amber, who immediately wet her own panties yet again and started reaching for Chrissy. Still crying, still confused, Chrissy began to respond, at first unwillingly, and within minutes was gasping explosively as Amber once again brought the gymnast to a crescendo, Chrissy's orgasm exploding inside of her, the intense pleasure blinding her as she responded to Amber's skilled touch.

Needing to pee again, she wet into her panties again, desperately hoping Amber could bring her to that peak of pleasure yet again. Amber didn't let her down, stroking and probing deeper into Chrissy's most private area, feeling the wetness that poured out of her new lover, the hot exploding pee pouring over Amber's tongue as Chrissy continued to urinate violently, her tortured bladder no longer able to control its urges. Head back, she moaned as Amber once again brought her to climax, the wild ravenous sensation overtaking the tortured, humiliated gymnast in total pleasure. The video cameras were still recording.

The Next Morning Chrissy woke up early. Pushing the sheets aside, she sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, and then stood up. Her tangled hair was a mess. Wearing an old t- shirt and a pair of old faded pair of blue cotton gym shorts, a pair of pink panties underneath, she felt an extreme urge to use the bathroom. She stood there, squirming, her knees shaking, the fierce stinging pain that had become so familiar to her the past few days torturing her as she was on the verge of a huge accident.

She picked up her cell phone and dialled the number.

"Yes?"

"Hey Amber, it's me"

"Hi Chrissy, What's up?"

"I really need to go pee. May I have permission to use the bathroom please?"

Chrissy shook as she talked, her words jittery as she needed to pee so badly, standing there in her old shirt and loose, short, faded gym shorts.

"No"

"Mmmmmmhhhewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!" Chrissy replied in agony.

Chrissy knew that was a final answer. Starting to cry softly, she started to pee into her shorts, the stream starting slowly, running out of her clenched pee hole, flowing through her panties, and finally trickling down her bare legs, wetting the fabric of her old shorts, darkening the blue color as the shorts got wet. The pee started flowing down her thighs onto the hardwood floor of her bedroom.

"Amber, I'm wetting myself."

"I know, Chrissy."

Chrissy cried out and could not control her flow. Hot pee exploded out of her pee hole and she lost all control as she completely peed into her shorts, streams of hot pee flooding her bare skin of her legs as she urinated as hard as she could, a huge puddle forming between her legs. She shivered in the cool morning air as she kept peeing, her swollen bladder so full. Pee hissed loudly from her desperate body. Loud enough for Amber to hear it across the cell phone connection.

Lying on her bed, Cell phone in her hand, Amber looked at the ceiling and peed into her pink cotton panties as hard as she could, the pee streaming, wetting her bed, her sheets flooding with her own hot pee, as she lay there listening to Chrissy pee herself on the phone, sobbing. Amber smiled as urine flowed freely into her bed, her panties soaked. She relished the warm wetness as it spread through her bed, knowing that Chrissy was peeing into her clothes a few miles away.

Chrissy headed to the shower, her pee soaked legs shining in the morning light as she walked. She missed her lover.
