Title: Dunes

By: Mainstream

Marla had lived in Newark, New Jersey for the first twenty five years of her life. The city was what she knew best. Crowds of people, late nights on brightly lit streets, and shopping in New York City were familiar aspects of this life. So, when she got the job at a telecommunications firm in Colorado, she had some trepidation about what she was in for.

She had been working south of Denver for a month when her new friends Cindy and Lisa asked her if she would like to come with them on a trip to the Sand Dunes. Cindy was thirty five years old, married, and had an eight year old daughter. She had blond hair, and a hard body, sculpted in the many hours she spent every week in the company gym. She knew Marla didnit have a boyfriend yet, and so she would have nothing to do for Memorial Day weekend.

Lisa was twenty six years old, and had never put as much as 135 pounds on her 5i 7" frame. Her youthful looks were further enhanced by the fact that what little fat did reside on her body all seemed to be located in her breasts and hips. She had a boyfriend, Karl, who often bored her, but she liked that he owned a new Mercedes SUV and figured she would stick with him as long as four- wheeling in the mountains was still fun. Her brother John would be joining them at the dunes, making his way from his Pueblo home in southern Colorado.

"What do you mean sand dunes?" Marla had asked that day in the office, "Are you going out to California?"

"No, silly. The Sand Dunes National Park is here in Colorado." Cindy replied, "Itis pretty cool thereill be picnic areas, four wheel drive paths, and we can all camp out."

"Besides," chimed in Lisa, "my brother John will be there. Iive been wanting to introduce you."

"Well okay, but donit expect me to hit it off with your brother Lisa, I donit know if I would want to be driving two hours to Pueblo every time I wanted to see him," said Marla.

Driving for two hours from Newark to anywhere would likely have crossed three state lines, which is something she had done while going camping in Vermont. But still it seemed strange that John was so far away and yet living in the same state. Worse yet, it was something like four hours to get from Denver to the Sand Dunes.

She rode the duration of the trip with Lisa and Karl. A i97 Mercedes with rock and roll on the cd player was a good deal more appealing than an i89 Chevy Blazer with a family unit playing Neil Diamond on cassette tape. Still the long ride southwest into the mountains left her feeling less than comfortable when they finally arrived at the park.

John was waiting for them at the main lodge, sitting outside in his Jeep. He had a red flannel shirt half tucked into tight blue jeans with hiking boots on his feet. The stereotypical rugged outdoors look. It was pathetic, Marla thought, but she also found him attractive and had to chide herself for wanting a man with such an obviously contrived appearance.

Lisa made some excuse to her brother about wanting more room in the truck, and convinced him to take Marla with him up to the campsite. Marla at first resisted the idea of being alone with John, but began to warm up to the idea when she saw how bright his blue eyes were.

She would have liked to use the ladies room at the lodge, but nobody else seemed to need it. Even little Stacy was running around, seemingly oblivious to any worries. So she didnit make a fuss. There was sure to be a port-o-potty at the campsite anyway.

To Marlais surprise they didnit head into the sand dunes. The campsite turned out to be around and behind the dunes up the mountain. The trail was rocky and bumpy, and required a four wheel drive vehicle to scale it. But, she did see an older couple near the bottom who had managed to pull a trailer up to their camp.

"Now thatis what I call ruffing it." John said sarcastically, upon seeing the trailer. Disdain poured from the look on his face.

They surely had a toilet on that trailer, Marla was thinking. It would be nice to have one so close by. The rocky road was really starting to get to her. After they had climbed for another fifteen minutes, she began to wish she had gone at the lodge.

She found herself trying to impress John. She told him about how much she liked skiing in Vermont, and sailing in Massachusetts.

"Oh youire just a city girl, donit try to fool me. Itis okay, I like city life as much as anyone." He said, smiling.

She thought he was somewhat patronizing, but his smile was smooth and disarming. If only she could stop and pee, then she wouldnit mind if the drive lasted forever. But she was happy to see Stan and Cindy pull off the road into a campsite at last.

Stacy leapt out of the vehicle and ran for the trees as soon as the Blazer had stopped. Marla felt sorry for the girl, after all it must be embarrassing to have to go so bad that you had to pee in the woods. She stepped out and strolled over to the Mercedes to get her things. Everyone was unpacking their various four-wheelers, and Stan and Karl began setting up the tent. Lisa was pulling down the barbecue from the top of Cindyis Blazer. When she got it to the ground, Marla saw her grab her crotch for a second.

Good, she thought, now Iill find out where the toilets are. But to her dismay, Lisa headed toward the woods. She yelled back, "Iim going to the little girls room, so all you men stay out of the woods."

Marla was shocked. It was one thing for a little girl to run behind a tree when she couldnit help herself. But a grown woman? She had never seen anyone in New Jersey pee outdoors except for a few punk teenagers who did it just to be disgusting.

"That reminds me," Cindy said, "The second order of business, after we get the tent set up is to dig a latrine. Weill be here three days, and Iim sure at some point somebody will need to do more than just pee."

It wasnit until that moment that Marla realized there was no port-o-potty. There was always one at the campsites in Vermont. This was sheer horror. The worst part of it was that she really had to go now, and she couldnit very well explain to her new friends that she had never peed outdoors before. They would surely find her sadly ignorant and provincial.

She had to figure out what to do. The problem was getting worse by the second, and there seemed to be no solution. She had worn a skirt (not very practical, but she didnit know they were going to be up in the mountains) so she considered for a minute whether or not she could go in her panties and change in the trees. But this solution was almost as bad. What if somebody noticed?

Ultimately she knew she would have to go into the woods. She made the decision to put it off until the last minute and then just run in and do it quickly trying not to look too embarrassed. After another half hour had passed, every one else had made their trip into the woods. Oh sure, Marla thought, they all have peed in the woods before. They probably could smell a bear coming to eat them. My luck is such that I will be food for a wolf the very first time I squat down. She silently wished they had actually camped on a sand dune. At least there were no trees down there. She could have gone over a hill and peed in the sand, covering the evidence afterward. And there would have been no place for any wild animals to hide behind, waiting to pounce on her.

She was sitting on a log next to the fire they had built. Dinner was cooking in front of her. She tried not to look too desperate, but she couldnit help thinking someone was going to notice her squirming soon. John was sitting next to her with a beer in his hand. He looked at her, and she could feel his eyes stabbing into her stomach.

"Are you cold?" He asked. "Youire shaking like a leaf."

He put his arm around her shoulders, and she huddled into his chest pretending to be cold. This was actually a good excuse to get close, she thought. Under different circumstances she would be enjoying herself. But right then she would rather he was anywhere else then so close. In fact she wished everyone would just leave for a few minutes so she could find a secluded place to pee. Anywhere but the woods.

Finally she realized that she couldnit hold it any more. She had to get up and get into the trees now or she was going to wet herself. She broke free from Johnis embrace and slowly stood up. She began to walk toward the treeline. She had to grab her crotch to keep from peeing, while glancing around hoping no-one was looking. Of course Johnis eyes had never left her.

Her face was reddening with embarrassment as she finally got into the trees. It was getting close to dusk, and she hadnit anticipated how dark it would be inside the woods. She neared the small clearing where the latrine had been dug, but the fear of the woods was slowly building inside her. She knew how long she could hold her pee. She had had a few accidents in her adult life, for various reasons, and they all happened the same way. A small spurt followed by another some minutes later. Every time she had managed to get to a toilet before she completely lost control. There was only the one time she had been locked out of her bathroom after shopping that the spurts had added up to a large wet spot. When her sister finally came out and saw her wet pants, she had laughed and called her a baby.

So she had figured that the worst case scenario here was that she would have a small spurt in her panties to contend with. She had timed it just so she might start to have an accident as she got to the hole they had dug. But she hadnit counted on the fear. Alone, in the woods, in the dark, with who knows what creature lurking about, her legs shook and her heart was pounding in her chest. So when that first spurt came just as she got to the latrine, she couldnit stop it. This kind of accident hadnit happened to her since she was a child.

She was trembling with so much fear, she couldnit halt the trickle. It ran down her leg and dripped off her knee. She grabbed her skirt and pulled it up above her waist when she finally realized how much trouble she was in. She needed both hands to keep her skirt out of the way, so she couldnit move her panties at first. Then she grabbed her skirt in her teeth and reached down with her left hand to move the crotch of her underwear out of the stream. But just then she saw the large spider making its way down the tree next to the latrine. This was the last straw, she completely lost all control, and sensibility. She jumped up from her squatting position, causing her panties to slide back into place. Her piss was falling from between her legs as she ran back towards camp. She thought she was going to die in these woods for sure, and it was only just before she got back to the camp that she regained her composure.

She took stock of her situation. Her panties were soaked, and her butt felt wet. But she thought her skirt had escaped, when she looked down at the back hem from between her legs. As she came out of the trees, she was surprised at how much light there was left. From inside the woods it seemed much later. She decided not to sit next to John, but chose to stand next to his Jeep and lean against it, hoping that this would save her skirt from her wet panties. John walked up and stood next to her. He leaned over and whispered into her ear.

"It looks like you didnit quite make it in time, huh?"

He put a hand behind her on her butt. She felt the material and discovered that it was already wet. Her panties must have caused some of her piss to squirt backwards making an obvious wet patch, well above the hemline where she had checked. Nobody but John had seen, but it didnit matter, he was the one person she wanted to hide it from the most.

