Hey there all of you again! I wanted to tell you about what happened to me a couple of nights ago, but first I want to know – are there really any other girls out there? I don't mind hearing from you guys either, but I was just wondering...
Anyway, as soon as I finished work the other day I decided to go for a quick look at some shops in town for Christmas presents – the Mall is just over 5 minutes from my work. I was was already kind of busting to go, but decided to see how long I could hold it for!
Well I went into town, and did a little shopping, ever needing to go more. But I realised something – if you don't drink any more, you don't need to go anymore! I realised this after walking around for close to an hour and still holding it – so I got a large drink from one of the shops...
I decided it was enough for the night, so I headed back to work (where my stuff was). I could feel I really needed to go now from that drink, but wanted to get back to work.
Only about a minute from the mall, passing through one of the local parks, I tripped up the stairs and let out a little squirt – and today I wasn't wearing a skirt! It is amazing how just a little bit of pee can show up on tight jeans!
So I went a little faster and when I reached the next set of stairs, I let out another slightly larger one going up – the change of walking action seemed to stress my bladder more. I was now in sight of my office, but It was still another 3 or so minutes and I was not so sure about making it there, but was determined to try.
Well, walking fast helps you to hold it better I think, so I made it anyway – it was about 6:30–7:00 at night, and the doors were locked. I let myself in (I have an after hours pass) and went to the lift, pressed my floor and stamped around because I was not ready to explode. Within seconds, I realised the lift was not moving!
You see, after 5:30 PM you also need to swipe your card in the lift to go up – so I cursed and did this, letting ot just a little more.
But it was then that it happened. I had to stand still for a second or two to swipe my card, and then when the lift went up, my bladder let it all go – within seconds I was soaked right down to my shoes, and there was a growing puddle on the floor.
My only consolation was that it was so late at night there was no one else there to see me, and I admit, when I went into the shower on my floor to 'clean up', that was not all that I did... I had learn't the limits of my bladder control, by taking that little bit more than it could take, and it made me so excited I had to do something about it then and there....
I hope you will hear from me soon again – a guy wrote to me who works in a park in my city, and I might try and go pee there sometime, just for a tease!
Pee for me sometime,
Upwet