Title: First Night
	Entry to: Month 29
By: Roxie Rivers

Bootleggers Tavern's First Night celebration had a 1940s theme ' big band music, gangsters, molls ' and Lola dressed for it in a figure-hugging, slit red dress, sparkly black-gold stockings, lacy black garter belt, and sleek red satin heels. Her silver-blonde hair was sexily mussed, her eyes bright, her smile contagious. What's more, she found her blind date, Paulo, shockingly desirable.

Who wouldn't' Deep brown eyes, long dark hair and sensuous lips emphasized his handsome Latino features, and his broad-shouldered frame had pleasing proportions and a luscious set of buns. He was dashingly attired in a gray pinstriped Zoot suit, fedora, and red carnation.

When they first connected, they stared at each other in amazement, and Paulo found himself wondering if love at first sight wasn't a myth after all. After a shy start, they were soon laughing and drinking' and, of course, flirting.

Lola drank more than she was used to, to give her an excuse to jump Paulo's bones. After a while she was squirming on her barstool, but decided she could wait a little longer' well, maybe not. Just as she was about to excuse herself, Paulo murmured, 'Do you want to dance'' She found she couldn't refuse.

Little did Lola realize Paulo was having a similar struggle. After a couple of hours of drinking beer, his bladder was uncomfortably full, but he was reluctant to leave lovely Lola alone in the crowded tavern. Instead, he waited patiently for her to make the first move, so he could escort her to the restrooms and use them himself. Despite her squirming, she didn't go, and Paulo finally decided dancing might ease some of his own pressure.

Lola kept thinking, I'll go after the next dance' but then Paulo would take her in his arms and she found she couldn't bear to leave. The romantic aura grew so warm she didn't want to ruin it by running to the bathroom. At least the dancing masked her nervous fidgeting and actually helped her hold it. During a slow dance, she felt Paulo's penis harden against her belly and knew he wanted her as badly as she wanted him. She also knew she better find the ladies room soon; all that beer had rushed to her bladder and was looking for the nearest exit.

The slow dance ended and Lola glanced up at Paulo, determined to excuse herself' just as the bandleader announced that it was almost midnight and everyone should grab the one they loved for a New Year's kiss. The look in Paulo's eyes arrested her. When he leaned down, her temperature rose; his kiss was firm and thorough. One satin-heeled foot raised, Lola pressed herself against him and kissed him back, noting with glee how thick his cock felt. She also felt a staggering need to pee, but lust won out and all she could think was how much she wanted Paulo inside her.

The bandleader led the countdown and the floor around them exploded with noise and cheering. It was so crowded they could barely move, so they shifted from foot to foot in a semblance of dance, kissing and fondling each other. Paulo almost came in his pants when he caressed Lola's smooth, firm ass and didn't detect any panties under her dress; just the garter belt. Wildly excited, he pulled her up against him hard, grinding his pelvis against hers' and was painfully reminded how desperately he needed to piss. He'd been so turned on he'd almost forgotten; now he wondered how he'd ignored it so long.

As Lola rubbed against him, his hard-on twitched and he felt a pre-orgasmic tingling. Anxiously he realized that if he lost the erection he might be in serious trouble; he needed to piss so badly he couldn't hold it much longer. He sternly subdued the urge to come, and kissed Lola again. She arched her back, affording Paulo a mouth-watering view of her cleavage.

Alarms went off in Lola's bulging pelvis, but her outrageous desire for Paulo engorged her clit so much she didn't lose control. However, when Paulo crushed her to him, a spasm knifed her bladder and she had to squeeze her muscles as tightly as possible to prevent a leak. The tension intensified her desire for orgasm, and she felt a hot throbbing between her legs. With amused dismay she wondered, My god, am I coming or going'

Paulo's marvelous kiss almost pushed her over the edge. She felt orgasm and piss battling to escape, so she jutted out her butt and wriggled frantically. A mini-orgasm fluttered through and she moaned as pee threatened to follow.

Paulo whispered fiercely, 'I want you so bad I can't stand it.' A raging tide of piss pounded against his clamped muscle and he inhaled sharply at the pain, grateful for his intense erection. He lifted Lola off the floor so he could look into her eyes. His jaw tensed as he felt a little dampness ooze from his cock, but he carried her determinedly through the crowd, off the dance floor, to a dark corner.

The upward sudden motion jarred Lola's teeming bladder and she crossed her legs in mid-air as he carried her. 'Oh god, Paulo, I want you too,' she confessed, blushing as she added mentally, But I'm about to wet myself!

'Lola, Lola,' Paulo murmured through gritted teeth, thinking, I'm so hard I'll explode before I can piss. Ready to burst with lust and anguish, he pressed her against the wall and nuzzled her breasts.

Torn between two overpowering urges, Lola fidgeted her legs furiously. 'I already had a little orgasm,' she admitted breathlessly, feeling another one quivering forward' or was that piss threatening to leak out'

Paulo inhaled sharply, and the musky scent of her sex assailed him. 'Are you wearing panties'' Lola shook her head, squirming against him erotically. 'Put your arms around me, quick.' She obeyed, uncrossing her legs, astonished she didn't pee all over him. He unzipped his fly with one hand; she could feel him rocking frantically from foot to foot. Nervously she glanced around, but everyone else was still on the dance floor. 'Nobody will see, don't worry,' Paulo hissed urgently. 'Please' please' god, hurry... I can't wait''

Me neither, Lola thought, feeling her cunt throb as Paulo's naked cock pushed against it. 'Oooh,' she gasped, 'my god'' I'm going to piss all over him, she panicked mentally. Still, she opened her legs to accommodate him, again amazed she didn't lose control on the spot. The combination of furious sexual excitement and urinary desperation had her close to tears as Paulo's rock-hard penis pushed by her labia and penetrated her vagina, adding more pressure to her unbearably stressed bladder. My god, what exquisite pain, she thought as she squeezed her hold-it muscles with all her might. Heat raced through her and she felt an orgasmic earthquake trembling in her pelvis.

When she slid down his shaft, Lola's pubic bone mashed Paulo's hugely distended bladder and he cried out with anguish' but ooh, god, she was so tantalizingly tight ' his cock quivered and throbbed' the first drops of cum rushed to the tip' at least he hoped it was cum' Lola moaned in his ear' and her muscular contractions caused him to erupt violently. Jesus, he prayed, please don't let me whiz inside her'

The brassy music drowned out their ecstatic roars. As her piss demanded immediate release, Lola further tightened her throbbing muscles around his cock, and cum pulsed into her as his erection dwindled.

Her clit relaxed and the pent-up pee surged forward. Lola struggled to hold back the overwhelming tide' too late. She felt the first burning drops trickle out. 'Ooh' my god,' she sobbed. 'Put me down, okay''

Paulo's cock slid out of her as he eased her onto the floor, and he slipped it hastily back into his pants and zipped up. He was instantly, acutely aware that he couldn't hold his piss any longer, and he looked around frenziedly for relief. The place was so dark it was impossible to see' and Paulo felt a hot fluttering as his bladder muscle finally gave out. 'Oh shit,' he whispered as pee dribbled down his leg. He thrust both hands into his pockets and bent over slightly, then noticed Lola's struggle just inches away.

Still flattened against the wall, she alternated her glittery legs in a knee-across-thigh movement' but it did no good. Piss snaked out and spattered between her satin pumps. 'I have to pee so bad I can't hold it another second,' she wept.

'Me neither,' Paulo admitted, shamefaced. 'I'm' I'm peeing my pants.' He grimaced as he vainly clutched his dribbling cock to stem the flow.

Lola moved close to him, shifting from foot to foot, a hand squashed between her legs. 'Let's go.' She grabbed Paulo's arm and dragged him out a nearby exit, which led to a dark alley. Sighing deeply, Lola edged her legs apart, lifted her skirt, threw back her head, closed her eyes blissfully, and let it all out.

At the sight of the cascade pouring from under Lola's dress, the thin dribble coursing down Paulo's leg became a river. Dancing wildly in place, he yanked out his cock as a deluge burst out forcefully, splattering the asphalt with a violent explosion of piss. Lola moaned, partly at her own orgasmic relief, and partly at the surprisingly delicious sight of Paulo's thick cock gushing like a geyser.

Mesmerized, they watched each other piss extravagantly by the light of the New Year's moon, both finding the moment unbelievably erotic. When their bladders were empty at last, the bewildered Paulo gazed at the flushed, panting Lola. With a tremulous laugh, he asked, 'What should we tell the friends who fixed us up'' 

With a languorous sigh, Lola smiled warmly and winked. 'We'll tell them we wanted each other so bad we couldn't wait' for anything.'

