Good Little Churchgirl Pt. 02
	Brooke stumbles into a shocking secret.
Simax

Brooke drove her Volkswagen carefully through the industrial estate, her wipers on full as the rain continued to pour from the ink black sky above. Puddles merged across the road as the drains struggled to clear the surface water from the tarmac ahead. Her sat-nav advised that the road was finally coming to an end and she knew that the freeway would be just around the corner behind the last row of deserted commercial units that dominated her view. Her car passed the final building and she breathed a huge sigh of relief as the freeway came into sight.

The traffic was moving freely and as she joined the flow of vehicles she wriggled in her seat trying to free her damp blouse that clung to her back. Glancing into the mirror she saw a bedraggled figure in the reflection. Her once carefully styled hair was now a tangle of knots, plastered in mud and still dripping with rainwater.

"What will they think of me turning up like this?" she fretted as she attempted to pull a particularly large piece of roadside filth from her hair. "I'm going to be over an hour late when I finally get there and I look like I've been sleeping rough for a week!"

Her sat-nav sprung into life advising her that her final destination was approaching. She peered through her windshield trying to remember which house her pastor lived at. It had been the middle of summer when she was last here and everything looked completely different back then. However, when she spotted a large pair of wrought iron gates she recognised that her destination had finally been reached.

Brooke parked her car under the overhanging copper beech tree on the side of the road alongside the huge brick wall that surrounded the house and gardens. The road was lit with occasional street lights with one near enough to the gates to illuminate the heavy latch that held the gates shut. She was relieved that there was no elaborate entry system barring her way. Climbing out of her car she retrieved her jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders in an attempt to prevent the persistent rain from re-soaking her top that had begun to dry out a little from the heat of her car.

She locked her car behind her and grasped the latch and pushed down to release the catch. It gave way with a satisfying clunk and the gate swung open with surprising ease considering it's size.

She made her way slowly up the winding path that lead to the house. The shrubbery on each side of her crowded in a little and the canopy of intertwining branches from the many mature trees overhead meant she was saved from most of the rain that continued to fall from the angry sky above. However, as no security lights were activated as she drew closer to the house, her journey was completed in virtual darkness.

As the outline of the house drew closer, Brooke trained her eyes on the front door and large sash windows. All were dark, no internal lights were visible and it appeared that no-one was home. Brooke glanced at her watch.

8:45pm

"Surely someone must be here?" she mused. "I know I'm late, but they can't have gone out knowing that I was on my way to see them!"

There was no sign of a bell or knocker so Brooke wrapped her knuckles a couple of times on the bleached white door and waited. She repeated this a couple more times but no-one arrived to let her in. She looked around and spied a letterbox near the bottom of the door and dropped to her knees and carefully pushed the flap open. Warm air rushed out and the faint sound of music reached her ears.

Climbing back to her feet Brooke set off down the side of the house trying to find the source of the sound.

As she reached the back of the house she was met with a tall evergreen hedge with a small wooden gate barring her way. She located a well worn handle and pushed the gate into the darkness behind. Stooping through the small opening, she waited for her eyes to adjust and saw a large patio area to her left which led up to a large glazed wall with a cantilevered door in the middle. Vertically slatted blinds prevented her from seeing what lay inside, but as she drew closer she noticed a few slivers of light escaping from between a few of them. The closer she got the more she realised the light was actually flickering and quickly deduced that it must be candlelight that was creating the effect. She drew close enough to hear that music was playing softly and she recognised the sound of a choral choir effortlessly mixing high harmonies with deep baritones of a well known hymn. A perfectly fitting sound to be heard in the house of this man of God she thought.

Brooke noticed one particular wide gap in the blinds and went to investigate who might be at home. She carefully put her hands against the glass and peered inside.

"Oh my God!" she exclaimed pulling her head back away from the window. "What the hell is going on. That can't be right?"

She slowly put her eye back to the gap and looked into the room again. It was sparsely decorated with just a large metal bed frame in the centre. Around the walls, painted black, were ornate iron sconces supporting large church candles that were burning slowly. The light they cast, flickered and danced casting shadows that illuminated chains and various medieval looking instruments that were attached to the walls or suspended from metal beams that crossed the ceiling above.

This wasn't what had caused Brooke to reel back in shock though. It was the sight of the naked woman who was chained semi upright to the metal bed frame. The sight of the wife of the subject of many of her dreams, of the highly respected man of God that was responsible for nurturing the next generation of her church, of the person who had invited her to his house as the potential tutor to one of his daughters. Not only was she naked but she appeared to be in a great deal of pain and struggling to break free from her restraints.

Brooke could see that Desiree had cuffs round her wrists that were attached to the frame behind her by short lengths of iron chain.

A tight collar was bolted round her neck and fastened to a bar that was also attached to her wrists. Her mouth was held obscenely open by a clamp that appeared to be held there by leather straps that encased her head, her long blonde hair pulled back so tight, that her eyes were forced abnormally wide. Her ankles were also bound to the base of the frame meaning her legs were spread wide leaving her naked pussy on full display. Clamps were attached to her red raw nipples with chains running tightly up to the metal contraption attached to her face so whenever she twisted her head, one of her nipples would be yanked hard, causing pain to shoot through her body. Her swollen pussy lips had small bolts piercing them and a thin chain was attached to each of them. The chains were pulled tight and fastened to each of her ankle cuffs. Protruding out of her distended entrance, Brooke could see that a large church candle had been crudely wedged deep inside and then left there by Desiree's mystery attacker.

Suddenly the door to the room opened on the far wall and a tall figure entered. Clothed in a flowing silk robe tied around the waist and wearing a full head mask Brenda strained to see if she could recognise who it was. But with just small openings for the eyes and nose and a zipped opening to the mouth, the attacker proved impossible to distinguish.

Brooke could see Desiree begin to struggle frantically as the figure drew nearer despite the obvious pain this was causing her. The masked intruder walked steadily towards the naked woman and slowly undid the belt that held his black robe together. He was naked underneath and Brooke gasped at the huge erect penis that was revealed.

"Christ!" she thought, "I've never seen one that size before!"

The intruder was sporting a cock that was easily 10" in length and had an equally impressive girth. She was scared. Her friend was obviously in trouble but she was terrified and unable to think straight. The masked man stood in front of her pastor's wife and obviously said something that caused her to stop struggling.

Then she saw her body tense up and her eyes screw tight shut. The masked man shouted something that made her eyes fly open. She nodded her head and became completely still. He stood right infront of Desiree and slipped his huge cock inside her gaping mouth. Brooke could see the terror in her eyes as he thrust deeper and deeper. She could see her throat bulging as he fucked her harder and harder. She shook her head once and he slapped her hard across her face. She didn't move away again. He continued to thrust into her mouth, filling her throat completely before drawing out again and then plunging back into her clamped mouth. This continued for a few minutes until her attacker drew himself onto his tiptoes and held himself still. His body began to tremble and she knew he was spewing his cum down her throat that he was raping.

Brooke was hoping the attack was nearly over and that maybe the masked man would leave allowing her to rescue Desiree from her ordeal. However to her horror this didn't happen. Instead the masked man simply stepped back a little allowing his monster erection to slide out of her mouth. He was obviously speaking to Desiree because her eyes opened wide and the look on her face revealed that what was being said wasn't going to be good.

###

Brooke watched completely mesmerised at the sight of the masked intruder running his hand up and down his hard cock in front of the naked Youth Pastor's wife. She should have been sickened by what she had just witnessed but instead she had become totally transfixed and only now did she realise that she had her hand inside her panties and had two fingers plunging in and out of her sopping pussy.

"Jesus, I can't believe what I'm seeing!" she moaned as she fucked herself with her slender fingers. "She's so fucking helpless and vulnerable and yet her body is so hot!"

Brooke gazed longingly at the naked body of the wife of the man she fantasised about as she masturbated each day. She wondered what it would be like to have such round and full breasts. To have such long and fat nipples. Her own were barely visible and didn't require a bra for support or protection. She began to rub her clit harder as she imagined what it would be like to suckle on Desiree's, to roll her tongue around the swollen centres, to nibble and bite her hard nipples. She didn't believe she could be more turned on than she was right then, however when she saw a stream of golden piss begin to arc from the head of the huge cock into the open mouth of her Youth Pastor's wife, she groaned loudly and plunged a further finger into her hot pussy. She began to shake wildly and as a massive orgasm swept through her body she collapsed to her knees crashing into the window with a loud cry before the lights went out and she lost all consciousness.

#############################

"Oh God, where am I?" she said out loud as her eyes adjusted to the soft light that greeted her. She gazed around and found that she was wrapped snuggly inside a warm duvet in the middle of a huge bed in a strange room. A crackling fire heated the room and caused the light to flicker and dance as the flames licked around the logs burning steadily in the grate beside her. She spotted a steaming mug of coffee on the bedside table and gratefully took a few sips. Looking down she realised she was wearing a silk nightie that she didn't recognise and she immediately wondered what had happened to her soaking, dirty clothes. She slipped her fingers under the hem and quickly realised she wasn't wearing any panties. "How has this happened?" she wondered frantically before the events of the evening began to slowly filter back into her memory.

"Oh no, I'm done for now!" she exclaimed to herself. "How am I going to explain myself to them?"

Just then the door to her room opened and in walked Kyle. She gasped as she realised that he was wearing the same silk robe as the attacker. "Surely, you're...?" she stuttered with confusion. "You can't be....?"

"It's okay Brooke, there's no need to say anything more" he said smiling down at her perplexed face.

"But your wife, the room, what you did! I just don't get it?" she exclaimed loudly, unable to remain quiet.

"Well what you've discovered is a deep secret we had hoped to divulge to you slowly over the coming months. You were supposed to get to know us a little first, but that plan's been scuppered now hasn't it!" he laughed quietly as he sat next to her on the bed.

"But the chains, the attack, was Mrs Rammage in on the whole thing? I'm so confused?"

Kyle smiled and nodded and began to explain. What she heard blew her mind. She couldn't believe what she was hearing and if she hadn't witnessed what she saw earlier, she would have dismissed it all as an elaborate joke or merely idle gossip.

"You see Brooke, we've had our eye on you for a little while now" Kyle said. "We've watched you blossom and grow, and both of us have expressed our desire to get to know you closely and introduce you to our very special club.

"Both of you?" said Brooke slowly. "Do you mean, what I think you mean?"

"Yes!" said a soft voice from the corner of the room.

She turned towards the sound and her eyes widened in surprise. Kneeling in the doorway was her Youth Pastor's wife. She was naked apart from a leather collar around her neck. Fastened to this was a chain that fell loosely behind her back.

Kyle stood to his feet and turned to face the crouching figure.

Immediately his wife dropped her head so her chin rested just above her chest. Her eyes stared down to the ground and her hands lay on her thighs, palms upwards. A strange sound reached Brenda's ears. She puzzled over it for a short while before realising that it was the sound of purring. A deep rolling purr, that emanated from the crouching figure.

"Look at me!"

The words caught her by surprise but she felt strangely compelled to look into the eyes of this man of God. She felt that Desiree was doing the same.

"Come to me!"

The simple words buried themselves into her mind and she felt herself sitting up in the bed.

A hand rested on her shoulder.

"Not you child!"

Brooke shook her head briefly and the spell was broken. She glanced to the side of her bed and noticed that Desiree was kneeling at the feet of Kyle.

"Look at me!"

The kneeling figure raised her head and gazed directly into his eyes.

"Yes master!" she said. "How can I serve you?"

"I am in need"

"May I assist my master?" she replied.

"You may"

Brooke watched in silence, fascinated by the scene that was playing out before her.

Desiree rose up on her knees and swiftly untied the belt holding the silk robe together. She grasped hold of the dangling penis before her and opened her mouth.

"I am here to serve!" she said. "May I have my treat master?"

Kyle briefly placed his hand on the top of her head.

"You may" was the simple reply.

Brenda watched as she guided the end of his cock to her open mouth. Her fingers slowly moving up and down causing it to swell a little in her hand. Her tongue expertly flicking across the head and curling around the ridge that separated it from the shaft below. Pulling her head back a little she opened her mouth wider and waited until he began to piss. Hot golden liquid began to fill her waiting mouth. She swallowed. Time and again. His foaming pee never quite spilling out of her lips. Complete reverence in her eyes, fingers holding him securely in place. Waiting whilst the flow diminished until the last drop fell from the gaping peehole in the middle of his mushroom head.

"Have you finished master?" she said. "Or do you have any further gifts for me?"

"I am done for now my little girl, you have done well" he said whilst stroking the side of her upturned face.

"May I touch myself now?" said his wife. "In front of the new one?" she whispered.

Kyle glanced at Brooke and nodded.

"You may" he replied.

He continued to look at Brooke.

"Watch her!"

Brooke turned her head and watched. She couldn't resist his instruction. Not that she wanted to anyway. She was entranced. Compelled.

Before her was a beautiful woman who was sliding a couple of her fingers vigorously in and out of her wet bald pussy. Her other hand was twisting and pulling on her fat swollen nipples. She was groaning and moaning as her senses heightened. Her body was shaking and trembling as her orgasm drew close.

Brooke's fingers slid under her borrowed nightie and quickly found her aching hole. "God, I'm so wet!" she thought as she slipped three fingers into her slick opening.

"I can't fucking believe what is happening right now!" she mused silently.

"Here I am watching the wife of the man who has been the secret source of my fantasies fingering herself in front of me because she wants me to watch her do it. And her husband, that same man, told me to watch her do it."

She returned her gaze to the woman on the floor next to her and swung her legs out of the bed and placed them on either side of her. Pulling her nightie up until it was bunched around her waist, she reached down and placed her forefinger under the chin of the kneeling woman and raised her head until she was staring directly into her pulsing pussy. She withdrew her fingers and released her golden nectar. Moaning loudly she watched as her piss splashed all over her upturned face, and as Desiree opened her mouth to accept her gift, she plunged her fingers deep inside her cunt and fucked herself until her pee ran out.

Desiree looked up at her husband and waited patiently until he finally announced "Yes, she'll do fine!"

