This story is about a true experience from the past.
Many years ago I had a girlfriend, she was starting her first job at the age of 18, she was petite and pretty with a great figure, a bit like the singer 'Paula Abdul' who was well known at this time.
Mandy (not her real name) was to begin work at a large office in the west end of the city, she started at 9:00 am and was introduced to her desk, she was to man the switchboard, after an hour of tutoring she was familiar with the desk and confident to work on her own. It was a warm August day and she was glad she chose her loose white blouse and pleated above the knee skirt, bare legs with white mid heel sandals.
Before she knew it, it was 12:30 and her lunchtime. She popped out on her own having being released from her position by an older colleague and ventured down the busy high street. She found a deli where she bought a sandwich and a cold soft drink, entered the park and sat by the pond to enjoy her lunch. Before long her lunch hour was over.
Her thoughts turned to her bladder, she had felt the beginnings of the need to pee, where were the toilets? She didn't know because she wasn't shown around when she arrived this morning. Around 2:30, she realized that she was beginning to feel uncomfortable, she was jiggling around a little at this stage, but unfortunately she was unable to ask anyone where the toilets were. Her shyness prevented her from finding the words to ask, and as the afternoon went on she gradually became more desperate, lots of leg crossing and fidgeting on her seat, how could she find the toilet without asking? Eventually it was 4:30, she was really bursting and her moving around was so pronounced that she would have had difficulty keeping her predicament to herself, much less anyone else around. With less than 30 minutes to go she knew she would have to wait till she was away from the workplace now to pee, if she asked where to go now they would know she hadn't been all day.
She had been doing a running on the spot while seated motion when she had to, then sitting on the edge of her seat. Her legs were crossed at the ankles under her, opening and crossing her legs quickly at frequent intervals. It would be difficult to stop now if anyone came into her office, her first pee this morning at 7 am seemed a long way away now as 5pm approached.
She was allowed to leave 10 minutes early by her boss on her first day, so she gathered her bag and jacket, legs all over the place as she stood around saying how she had enjoyed her first day etc. Leaving through the front door her mind was racing, she was bursting to pee. She was at the bus stop pacing around, trying to be discreet while finding the knicker elastic through her skirt in the front and giving it a pull upwards into her crotch. She had been bursting now for over two hours! The bus came and she had to endure a very uncomfortable 40–minute journey home. Then she still managed to walk the remaining five minutes to her house where she stood at the front door squirming around until her mum let her in. She raced up the stairs and closed the toilet door, doing a frantic pee dance as she hiked up her skirt and tore her knickers down. As her pee started to escape forcefully she threw herself onto the toilet moaning with relief and pleasure as she peed long and hard, hands on her head as she pees forever, her ordeal finally over. She was trembling and exhausted with the effort of it all, and then slowly she got up gingerly, dried herself off, and cleaned up her pee that didn't make the bowl. She made it home with dry knickers though!
By: Bustin Beauty