The Locked Door

by David North

Jenny bent her leg as she worked her key into the front door lock. God, she was really dying for a piss. She had just endured the most excruciating drive home from work she could ever remember, sitting in traffic and frantically wiggling her legs to keep from peeing all over the car seat. For the last twenty minutes, she'd become increasingly convinced that she would never make it home before she wet her trousers. But here she was; at the door; two minutes or less away from the loo and the explosive relief she craved.

She pushed the door open and removed her other hand from her crotch to snatch up her briefcase. She mounted the stairs to the first floor as quickly as she could, but she had to keep her thighs squeezed together to avoid losing control on the home straight.

She entered her apartment, trembling under the strain of battling her aching bladder.

She almost fell over her crossed feet as she entered the apartment. She slammed the door shut behind her and dropped the briefcase, the only thing on her mind now being the twenty-feet journey to the toilet. She shuffled along, half-doubled over, both hands pressing against her crotch, blocking off the uthrea. She swore as she felt a squirt of pee escape into her knickers. God, she was literally about to explode!

She collided with the bathroom door, grabbed the handle, turned it and pushed. The door didn't budge. "Oh my God!" she squealed. "What--? Alan, are you in there."

"Hello Jen," Alan replied from the other side of the door. "You need to come in here? I'll just be a minute."

"Hurry up! I don't have a minute!"

"Okay, I'm hurrying."

Jenny turned from the door and broke into an urgent pee dance, her face contorted with the effort of trying to hold back the floor. "Oh, oh, oh. Oooohhhh!" she gasped as she hopped from foot to foot, balling her hands into fists as she struggled to maintain control for just a little longer. The waistband of her trousers was painfully tight, and she decided it would be a good idea to release the button.

Before she could do so, however, she felt another spurt of pee escape from her and quickly thrust her hands between her legs to help her tired muslces hold back the deluge that threatened to soak her clothesJenny stopped breathing as she concentrated all her efforts onto holding in her pee. Her uthrea felt as if it were on fire. She couldn't bear the agony any longer.

"Please Al," she pleaded in a high, quivering voice. "I have to go now! I can't keep holding it."

"'Fraid you'll have to," he said.

"What?" she squealed, her throat so tight she had to force the word out. "You said you'd hurry!"

"I'm trying Jen, but...well, there's more to do in here," Alan informed her.

"Oh my God, I'm starting to wet myself, Alan! For God's sake, unlock this door

"Can't do it," he said. "Sorry"

"Oh no. Oh-oh-oh Gooodd! Noooooooo! Pleeeeaaasse let me in! Pleeeaaasse!"

Jenny leaned her back against the bathroom door and slithered down in, squatting down and ramming her hands still harder into her crotch. She threw back her head in sheer torment.

It was no good. The pressure was colossal. Another jet of pee escaped from her, soaking through her crotch and wriggling between her fingers. The battle was almost lost.

"Alan," she moaned, her tone resigned. "Pleeeaassee."

At that moment, the toilet flushed. Jenny caught her breath in panic. "No!" she yelped. But it was no good: the sound of flowing water was too much for her tortured body to endure. Her bladder underwent a sharp spasm and her muscles conceded the fight. Pee streamed from her, gushing through her knickers and trousers. She parted her legs and removed her hands, and let it go onto the floor. She felt her pee spread rapidly across her bottom and drench the backs of her thighs. Jenny began to breathe again.

She released a long, heartfelt sigh and let her body relax for the first time in more than half an hour. She closed her eyes as the pressure on her swollen bladder finally began to abate. Oh, the blissful relief of being able to let it go at last.

When the torrent had dropped to a trickle, Jenny stood up, using the way for support, and felt her soaked trousers clinging to her skin. She looked up to find Alan standing in the opening, smiling serenely. Jenny wiped away a tear from her face and said in a choked, embarrassed little voice, "I had to go Alan. I couldn't hold it any longer."

Jenny turned her face to the wall and started to cry. She felt so degraded, and could not bear to contemplate what Alan must now think of her. She had wet herself like a little child. A grown woman should be able to maintain control of her bladder while waiting to use the toilet...and yet she had waited so such a long time on the way home, and she didn't think she had ever been that desperate to pee before in her life. All the same, it was utterly humiliating to have wet herself like this.

"Hey, Jen, it's all right," Alan squatted beside her and laid a hand on her shoulder. "In fact, if you want the truth, I think it's sort of sexy."

"Sexy?" she echoed, regarding him with frank surprise. Was he just trying to console her because she was so clearly upset by her accident. She wiped her eyes and turned to look at Alan's face, expecting to see disgust written there. But he was smiling, not just with his lips but with his eyes. He looked...excited.

"Oh yeah, so sexy." He leaned in close to kiss her on the mouth.

"But...but why?' she asked, totally mystified by his reaction to her having peed herself. God, surely the smell was enough to make him feel sick. "Tell you what. Let's have a bath together," he said, "and I'll tell you all about it."

Somewhat dazed, Jenny allowed herself to be led into the bathroom where Alan turned on the taps to fill the bath, and then began to undress her, removing her shoes and then peeling off her wet trousers, and tights, and knickers. Jenny didn't know what to make of his unusual reaction, but she was already beginning to enjoy it, whatever the reason. She realized that there might be more to learn about Alan, and that learning it could be...interesting.

