This is the first story I've written and it happened to me a couple of days ago. I'm 25 years old, and have been married for three years. My wife Ashley and I started going out when we were 16 and have been together ever since. She's hot, blond with a killer figure. Ashley is the kind of girl everyone likes, she's sweet, kind and very sexy, and I'm very protective of her. I have seen her desperate to pee about three times in our relationship, and one of them was at school. She knows that it's my fantasy to see her like this, but she very never does it, so I was surprised the other day.
I woke up at ten on Saturday and looked at my sexy wife. She is shopping obsessed, and has a dozen things to sleep in, but insists every night in sleeping in one of my t–shirts. What I love about waking up before her at the weekends is that she is one of these people who have to pee as soon as they wake up. I kissed her neck, which always makes her hot. She has one of the most sensitive necks ever! "Mmmmm," she said. "Morning babe," I said. She went to get up, but I held her back for a second. "Ash." I said, knowing she sometimes gets touchy about these situations. "What?" she asked me. "Can you not go?" I said. "I'll be back in a second," she said laughing. "No. I mean can you not go to the bathroom right now," I said. "I, uh. I really have to go. And I know you really like it. How long for?" she asked. I was a bit surprised and taken aback that she said that. "An hour? Two? Whatever you feel comfortable with," I said. "Okay Brian," she said. I kissed her again on the neck. "Brian what are you doing? Oh God. You know how much I love that," she said. She did a sharp intake of breath and really pressed her legs together. "Sorry. I've got to go," she said and quickly got up and went to the bathroom. I sighed and fell back on my pillow.
After doing that to me, Ash felt a bit guilty, but I was shocked that afternoon when we were sitting out in our back yard having orange juice when she said, "What is it you like about girls being desperate to pee?" I thought about it for a minute. "I guess it's the trying to hold back the inevitable. The thought of a sexy girl being vulnerable and out of control," I said. Like the first time I had ever seen Ash desperate was when I knew I liked it. It was one of our first dates and we were still kind of shy around each other. We had been out at the park together all day, drinking lots of water and juice, and I noticed her getting more and more fidgety, her legs bouncing up and down, trying to hold herself without me noticing, it was one of the sexiest things I have ever seen. "What's your biggest fantasy?" she asked me. Ash and I have a great sex life, and she doesn't mind using things like handcuffs and stuff. "You, sexy underwear, tied up and desperate to pee," I said. I got hard just thinking of it. "I guess I can do that for you," she smiled.
Ash and I went shopping the next day, and she let me pick the underwear, which was a sexy pink bra and panties. I've always been more of a panties kind of guy, probably because that's what Ash wears mostly. "When are we gonna do this?" I asked her in bed that night. "I don't know. What about next Saturday?" she asked me. I was so hard just thinking about it we had amazing sex there and then.
The week seemed to drag by, but finally my day came. We go up, did our normal couple stuff during the day, even going out to see Ashley's parents. When we got home, she slipped into the underwear. I knew I had to ask her even though my big dream was about to come true. "Are you sure you want to do this?" "I'm sure," she kissed me slowly and sexily. She drank a big glass of water, and I knew she was needing to go already, because she hadn't been since we first went into her parents, and had had a few drinks over there. She started to feel the strain quite quickly which I knew she would, because she doesn't hold it that often. Her leg was bouncing up and down and I cuffed her to the bed. Our rule was after she was starting to feel pretty desperate, she'd be tied up and no matter how much she wanted to go, if she begged, pleaded or wet, she wasn't allowed to be uncuffed until I said so.
"Man," she sucked in her breath. She was jiggling her legs up and down, up and down. She had been lying on the bed, but moved so she was sitting. I was getting rock hard. It was honestly the most beautiful site I have ever seen. "Wow! I really gotta go," she said trying to make light of the situation. "How bad Ash?" I asked her. "Pretty damn bad," she said, trying to move to a more comfortable position. I went up to the bathroom attached to our bedroom and turned on the faucet. "Oh God!" she shouted. "Brian, I think I'm going to wet myself soon," she said. I came out of the bathroom, enjoying this as much as I possibly could. She had her legs jammed together, and obviously she couldn't use her hands. I went over and kissed her lips, neck, breasts and stomach. She really did have a full bladder, I could tell. "Oh Brian," she moaned. I went to remove her panties and she lifted her perfect ass up so I could take them down for her. "I really have to go," she whispered. "I hope you're enjoying this," she said. "You have no idea how much, babe," I said.
I went down on her and she was moaning in pleasure. "Oh God, Brian. Oh my God. I don't know whether to cum or pee," she said writhing around. "I REALLY gotta go!" she said. "Please, will you let me go?" she asked. I was so turned on, especially hearing her beg, and I have never been known to refuse Ashley anything, except this time! "Come on Ash, you're fine. Just not desperate enough yet," I said, enjoying my little game. In mind, Ash doesn't do this kind of thing very often at all for me, so I was the happiest guy alive. I noticed a little pee escape her. "Oh God," she moaned. 
"Not enough." "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go," she repeated, like a chant.
"Ash, do you know how happy this is making me?" I asked her. "Judging by that, yeah I do," she said with a small smile. "Brian, I really have to go," she said, and I could see a small bulge from her bladder. "Go ahead," I said. "Okay, uncuff me," she said, slowly sitting up. "No Ash. You've already let a little pee go. So you either go wait half an hour or else pee here," I said. The water from the bathroom was still going strong, and was making me need to pee too. "Here? No, I can wait," she said, getting her 'Proud Woman' side into gear. I wanted to see her wet the bed, but thirty more minutes of sheer desperation would be much more erotic to me. "Be right back," I said winking at her. "Ooooo," I heard her moaning. "Gotta go, really gotta go. Damn water," she said. I took some ice cubes from the freezer and put them in a glass with some water. "Water babe?" I asked. She shook her head. "I dipped my hand into the water and traced it on Ashley's stomach. I was determined to make these thirty minutes (which I seriously doubted she would last) torture for her. Some pee came out and she quickly clamped her legs together. If she wet, I wanted her to do it in her panties.
I pulled them back up for her, and splashed some more water on her breasts this time. "Can't pee here, Brian. Not on the bed," she complained. "Well then babe, you've got twenty minutes to go," I said looking at the clock. "Can't do it," she said. "Come on babe, just let it go," I tried to relax her. I gently pushed on her stomach. "Brian." she said squeezing her legs shut. But this did her no good this time as I pushed harder. Pee spurted out from her and once that stream started, it didn't stop until she was done. Her pink panties turned darker, and the pee went underneath her ass and onto her back. We had the most amazing sex we have ever had that night.
The next morning I helped Ashley load our sheets into the washing. I slipped my arms around her waist and said, "Last night was amazing. You did exactly what I wanted. Thank you." "That's okay. I even enjoyed it a little bit too," she admitted. I was proud of her. I didn't think she would have lasted as long as she did, especially with the water running and everything. And my wife is amazing, because before she had only let me see her desperate accidentally, and last night she did it just for me. I'm hoping to convince her to do it again this weekend, and if she does? That's another story.
Brian