Amy Wets Her Pants

From: Lou (Forum User)

The following is a story with very little if any basis in reality. Any resemblance to a real person is an "accident".

###

I was at a large craft store. It was very busy with long lines and only two cashiers. One cashier caught my attention right away. She had curly blonde hair done up big and dark eyes. She wore a white cotton button down blouse, tight Guess jeans, black socks and black canvas sneakers. She was bouncing from foot to foot as she accepted cash from a customer, nervously eyeing the long lines. It was obvious to me that she had to piss. She was looking around for someone, probably her manager, but no other employees were in sight.

Finally a rather harried looking women came up and the blonde asked her a question. I heard the second woman say, "You'll have to wait..." as she pointed to the long line of customers. I hear "wet my pants" from the blonde, followed by "You'll just have to hold it." from the other woman, who then ran off down the aisle. I decided to wait to see if anything would happen so I walked up to a display at the front of the store that offered me a view of the blonde cashier's ass as she waited on the next customer.

Her jeans fit her ass and legs perfectly I saw as I pretended to look at the merchandise on the display. My cock started harden as I imagined the cashier peeing in her jeans. She froze for a second, then seemed calmer. I noticed that she kept her body very close to the counter. She had to turn around though to get a big bag for the next customer and I thought I saw a small wet spot over her pussy. She turned quickly back and I guessed that she had wet a little bit to relieve the pressure. She was still in trouble though, as the line of customers seemed to be getting longer.

By the time she waited on the next customer she was back to jumping from foot to foot again. She turned really red as she returned a credit card to her customer and I saw the piss stain spreading along the lower cheeks of her ass and down the back of her thighs. I watched the inseam of her jeans going dark and shiny as piss flowed down her legs. I watched the dull black material of her sneakers start to shine and a puddle of piss collecting around her feet. I had the best view in the house, although it wasn't a good one. Nobody in the blonde's line could see her condition and the other cashier had her back to the blonde. A few people at the front of the other lined could see though and one of them giggled, another looked shocked. My cock was straining at the front of my jeans and I studied the puddle the cashier stood in and the glistening denim of her jeans.

The cashier had to turn again to get another bag and she smiled weakly at me when she saw me looking at her. The piss stain extended up her fly to within an inch of her belt loops. The front of her jeans glistened in the bright store lights from pocket to pocket and down the legs of her jeans to her ankles. The other cashier wrinkled her nose and turned around and announced to the whole store, "Oh my God, you wet your pants!" The blonde seemed calmer now and the manager showed up again. She was bright red as the blonde asked if she could leave. 

"Not yet.", the manager said, pointing to the line of customers. The blonde shrugged and took the next few minutes and finally got caught up. The shine had gone away by now except when she bent her legs, but her pants and sneakers were obviously soaked. "Clean up your mess and you can leave.", the manager said. My cock was still rock hard as I walked up to the girl and offered to help. I read her name tag and found out her name was Amy. Amy noticed the bulge in my crotch as she accepted my offer.

"Aren't you worried about getting your hands dirty?", she asked quietly. "If I do it will wash off.", I said. I got a great view of the way her tight jeans fit her crotch, the denim gleaming as she squatted down and wiped up her puddle. Amy checked out my hard cock a couple of times as we finished cleaning up.

"Thanks for the help, would you mind walking me to my car?", she asked. I nodded, and she said, "Wait here a minute.", touching my arm before she walked off. "How embarrassing", the other cashier said as we both looked at Amy's wet jeans as she walked away. "Anybody can have an accident like that.", I said.

"Yeah, I suppose, but our boss can be a real bitch sometimes though.", she continued on. "Amy was supposed to leave a while ago, but she stayed to help out and look what happened to her." I looked at two empty soda bottles next to the register and asked the clerk if they were Amy's. "Yeah, what about it?, she said.

"Oh nothing..." I said. I started to wonder about Amy's accident when the clerk chimed in and said, "I told Amy she should have peed during our last break." I came to the conclusion that Amy wanted her bladder to be full when she left work and got into trouble when she volunteered to stay late.

A smiling Amy walked up carrying a blue leather purse, her jeans and sneakers still obviously wet. 

"Let's go!", she said. "Bye, have fun!", the other cashier said. We said good-bye and walked out. "You don't seem very upset, those are expensive jeans.", I said, as we walked through the paring lot. "They'll wash just fine.", Amy said.

"How do you know?", I said, which caused Amy to smile. "I'm more worried about my sneakers.", she said. "They'll be fine.", I said, and Amy laughed and said,

"How do you know?" I laughed and shrugged my shoulders. We were now standing next to Amy's car and Amy's next question delighted and surprised me. 

"Do you always get an erection when you watch a girl wet her pants?" I nodded and said, "Especially when she does it on purpose." "You mean like this?", Amy said, taking my hand and putting it on her pussy. The cool wetness of the material was replaced by heat as Amy started to wet herself again.

"I had planned to do this at home, but I got stuck at work and it messed up my timing". she said. It was dark in the parking lot but I could still see the gleam in the denim as Amy's piss ran over her thighs. Amy's hot piss felt great on my hand and I started to rub her pussy which made her close her eyes and breath heavy and moan. "I love the feel of wet denim against my pussy, it makes me... ...cum...", she said, adding her orgasm to the piss that soaked her jeans.

Amy caught her breath and smiled at me. "You know what else makes me cum?", she asked, placing her hand on my rock hard cock. 

"What?", I asked rubbing my cock against her hand. 

"A hard cock surrounded by wet denim."

Amy gave me the classic come hither look out of any adult porno feature as she said, "Will you wet your pants for me?" I didn't say a thing, just relaxed my bladder and let loose. Amy smiled as she squeezed my cock through the rapidly darkening denim of my crotch. The wet spot quickly spread over the front of my jeans and started to run down my thighs.

My hot piss felt great as the dark piss stripes along my legs widened and my piss started to wet my socks and fill my black shoes. I could feel the piss stain creeping up my ass as I watched the puddle of piss I stood in growing. Amy pushed my hand out of her crotch and she started to rub her pussy through her soaked jeans. I licked a couple of drops of her piss off my fingers as Amy clutched my cock through my wet jeans and rubbed away at her pussy. I figured Amy came at least three times before she stopped. I was very near orgasm as well. Amy let my cock go and gave me a big hug. We pressed our wet crotches together tightly, the wet denim making a bit of a slurping sound as we did. Amy came again and I said, "You do like wet denim against your pussy, don't you." 

"Better than sex!", she said, an unconvincing smile on her face.

"Let's get in.", Amy said, opening the door of her car. "Oh yeah, get some towels will you?", she asked, handing me the trunk key. I opened her trunk and got some towels out which we placed on the front seat. I walked around to the passenger side and got in. Amy was playing with her pussy as I sat down. She kept her left hand in her crotch and put her right hand on my crotch, rubbing the wet bulge in my jeans. We leaned in to kiss and I caressed Amy's breasts as she rubbed her pussy and my cock. We kissed for quite some time before Amy unzipped me. 

She broke our kiss and smiled at me, her hand never leaving her crotch as she bent over to take my cock into her mouth. She gently sucked the head as she caressed my shaft with her hand. She grasped the base of my cock with her right hand and slowly took the rest into her mouth. Amy jerked me off as she sucked my cock. I put my hand on her ass, rubbing it all around, enjoying the difference in feel of the wet and dry spots on her ass. Amy was bobbing up and down in my lap and working her pussy with one hand, my cock with the other. It didn't take me long to orgasm and Amy let her mouth fill with my cum.

Amy swirled the full load of cum over my shaft a while before she swallowed my cum. My cock was half erect and Amy sucked, kissed and rubbed it until it was fully erect. I worked my hand down the back of her jeans while she blew me again. I managed to get my index finger into her asshole which caused her to moan and bob faster. I felt my orgasm building as Amy sucked away. I exploded into her mouth, Amy sucking down most of my cum. She sat up and smiled at me through cum smeared lips.

"My jeans are starting to irritate me." "I need a shower, want to join me?", Amy asked. I nodded and Amy started the car. She drove off, her hand never leaving her crotch as we drove. Amy's place was about a 15 minute drive and by the time we got there I needed to pee again. I followed Amy inside and we went to the bathroom. 

"I need to pee again Amy.", I said. "Wanna piss in my jeans?", she asked. I wasn't sure what she meant. Amy stepped into the tub and held out her arms to me. I joined her and Amy unzipped my fly. She unzipped her own fly and guided my cock through her fly and hugged me close. Her warm skin was against the bottom of my shaft and I could feel the wet denim of her jeans against the head and back. 

"Wet my jeans!", she said. I started peeing and felt my piss soaking Amy's jeans and mine at the same time. Amy humped herself against me and squeezed my ass tightly as my piss ran down our legs.

Amy said, "I'm pissing too!" adding her own amber fluid to the piss pouring through our pants. My feet were soaked in piss and now time and my jeans were nice and warm from the combined flow. The piss stain spread upward too wetting the lower front of Amy's blouse and my shirt. Shortly after I stopped peeing I came, gushing hot cum all over my cock, Amy's skin and the inside of her jeans. 

"You're cum felt just as great as you piss, Amy said, kissing me deeply, "The shower can wait, I need to get fucked!" I pulled back, cum from my cock smearing the front of Amy's jeans as I did. I undid Amy's belt while she pulled down my jeans. Amy wiggled out of her wet jeans, leaving them bunched around her ankles. Amy spread her legs a bit and held onto me as I somehow stepped over her bunched up jeans without killing myself. She climbed up on me and thrust her pussy over my cock.

We turned so she could rest her back against the wall and I pounded my cock into her steaming pussy. We held each other tightly and kissed deeply as we gyrated together, my cock sliding around easily in her wet pussy. Amy came way before I did and I kept thrusting my hardon into her squirming body as she came. After her orgasm passed Amy started to pump me again and we drove our hips together until we came, Amy's legs, arms and vaginal muscles squeezing me tightly as I squirted cum into her vagina.

"I don't know about you, but I'm ready for that shower.", Amy said, as we untangled ourselves. "By the way, I like water wet jeans almost as much as I like piss wet jeans.", she said as she pulled up her jeans and zipped up. I followed suit, pulling up and zipping my jeans too. Amy started the faucet, water pouring over her sneakers and the lower legs of her jeans as she did. Amy was standing under the shower head as she turned on the water. She jumped as the first blast of water hit her, relaxing as the hot water started to pour through her blouse.

The white cotton went transparent and the material stuck nicely to Amy, revealing a simple white bra below. The yellow stain on her blouse quickly washed out and the lighter dry parts of her jeans turned dark and shiny to match the wet parts as the water flowed through them. Amy looked great standing fully clothed in the shower. Her hair was mostly dry, but otherwise she was soaked. Her blouse had almost disappeared and her tight jeans seemed even tighter now that they were soaked.

She pulled me close, holding me under the spray and kissing me as the hot water soaked my shirt and jeans. I loved the feel of the hot water filling my shoes. Amy backed up and held me under the spray, spinning me slowly around and soaking every last inch of my clothing, reaching out to grab my ass and cock from time to time. We hugged and kissed a while in the spray, my hands all over her ass while Amy goosed me too. I pulled her under the spray and watched the shower destroy her hairdo.

Amy closed the drain and turned off the shower, letting the tub fill. She smiled at me as the water submerged our sneakers. She laid down in the tub and started to rub her pussy through her glistening jeans. I laid next to her and kissed her, fondling her breasts and running my hand all over her jeans. We turned off the water and stayed in the tub kissing and petting until we couldn't stand the water temperature. We hung up our wet things and dried off, then took our shriveled bodies to Amy's bedroom. I buried my face between her legs and licked her pussy until my tongue gave out, then we covered up and drifted off to a deep sleep. 

