Night of the Living Wet (Part 2)
Episode 2 – Return of the Living Wet
Each time there was a party on campus, one of the sorority members had the duty to stay in the dorm to ensure security and to open the door for fellow members who came home. This night, the victim was Cathy, not exactly one of the more popular girls although she was quite attractive, but her general attitude and interest in sports (she was on the hockey team) made the other girls have doubts about her sexual preferences. Cathy woke up in the middle of the night. She was certain she had heard something: a loud sound, like someone banging on the plumbing. None of the other girls had come home yet, and although she always had a butch exterior, she was just as scared as anyone else on the inside. Cathy turned over in her bed, but she had the same problem she always had when waking up; even if she woke up in the middle of the night, she had to do her morning pee. Cathy tried to go back to sleep, but her swollen bladder was pounding against the elastic band on her cotton panties. She decided to hold it, however, and turned over again to try and find a position that would ease her discomfort. Then, a second thump was heard, this one louder and closer than the last. Cathy jumped up in fear; she let out a muffled scream and, what really made her heart thump faster and harder, she felt a small squirt escape into her panties. She had pressed her bare thighs together instantly, and sat there trembling; carefully, she lifted the sheets and spread her legs. She looked desperately into her crotch, but saw only a small wet patch on her white panties; her sheets were unsoiled. Quickly, she closed her legs again; her accident was only small, but she still had to go to the bathroom real bad! With one swift movement, Cathy jumped out of bed. That turned out to be a bad idea: standing up straight, her struggling bladder now had gravity's help. Cathy crossed her legs tightly, to prevent any more from leaking out, and tiptoed out of her room. That didn't turn out to be such a bright idea either. With her bare feet touching the cold tile floor, her bladder seemed even more eager to relieve itself. Cathy grabbed her crotch tightly with one hand; it was the only thing she could do to hold back the flood. Trembling, she turned on the lights to the corridor. She cursed under her breath; she felt like a little girl again, too scared to go to the bathroom and wetting herself. But she wouldn't let it come to that. Carefully she tiptoed towards the bathroom when suddenly the doorbell rang. Cathy cursed once more. She was in desperate need now, but it was her duty to answer the door when one of her sorority sisters came calling – and she wouldn't forsake her duty. Subtly, she pulled her T–shirt over her panties and ran towards the front door; at least she wouldn't be so scared when some of the other girls were here. She opened the door, and saw two girls standing there, who were not members of her sorority. "Hi, I'm Laurie," said one of them, "this is my friend Kitty." Cathy noticed that Kitty couldn't stand still, obviously from an overly full bladder, and she also saw a huge wet patch on the front of her jeans; Kitty was dancing around with her legs wide apart, because otherwise they would stick together, she was too disgusted to hold her crotch although she was almost peeing in her pants again, and crying softly out of desperation. "Can I PLEASE use your bathroom?" She pleaded, "I really can't wait any longer!" "It looks like you already used the bathroom," Cathy remarked; she uncrossed and crossed her legs again, barely able to stand still herself. "She had a little accident," Laurie excused her. "Please," Kitty pleaded, "I really have to go!!!" "Alright," Cathy yielded, "it's the last door down the hall. But don't make a mess in there!" Kitty ran down the hall faster than ever. She opened the last door, but took a step back when she saw exactly the same thing she saw in the biology building: the toilet was totally destroyed, water was spraying in every direction out of the floor and walls. "Laurie!" Kitty screamed, "it's happening again! It's the monster again!" "Monster?" Cathy asked puzzled, "what's going on here?" Kitty closed the door to the bathroom again, and ran back into the hallway. "It's too weird to explain," Laurie said, only to be cut off by Kitty. "Please," she pleaded to Cathy, "don't you have a bucket or a pot or something I can pee in? I'm going to do it right here if I don't go NOW!!!" "Sure, in the kitchen," Cathy became increasingly nervous, not in the least because she was desperate for a toilet herself, "it's over there!" Kitty ran into the kitchen and started looking for a way to relieve herself– followed by Cathy and Laurie. Cathy opened a cupboard under the sink and took a large, plastic bucket out; Kitty wrestled with her wet jeans to get it out, but pulled it down to her knees and planted her soaking wet buttocks on the rim of the bucket. Cathy and Laurie looked at her, but nothing happened. "I can't go with you watching," Kitty said, "can't you turn around?" "You had no problem going earlier," Laurie commented, "and you didn't even take off your pants for that one!" "I was scared, okay!" Kitty snapped, "now please turn around!" "Okay, just hurry up!" Cathy said, hopping from one foot to the other. Both girls turned around, and still nothing happened. After a few seconds, they heard a soft hissing sound, growing louder and stronger. Cathy had to grab her crotch with both hands not to wet herself there and then; Laurie, too, started to dance around. Then, the three girls were startled half to death by an explosion from behind them; it was like the sink itself had exploded, and where it stood a minute ago, now stood the same creature Kitty and Laurie had seen in the biology building, towering over them, drooling and howling in a way only animals could. Kitty and her bucket both fell over, her pee spreading all over the floor. Cathy turned around and screamed in terror, feeling her sphincter muscles numbing; Laurie took her arm and ran out the kitchen, Kitty stumbled to her feet and with her pants around her ankles, hopped out too. As Laurie closed the door behind her friend, Cathy fell flat on her butt and just kept on peeing and peeing; she cried softly, now she actually felt herself losing control. Cathy grabbed her panties through her T–shirt, but only felt the warm flood flowing through her fingers; she sat in a thick, yellow puddle, that kept growing as her bladder was emptied in a loud, hissing beam of pee that made her way through her panties, down her thighs and into her butt crack. "We have to get out of here!" Kitty screamed as she pulled up her wet pants again, "It's chasing us, can't you see!" "Come on!" Laurie tried to pull Cathy up, "you're a sitting duck here!" "I'm peeing in my pants," Cathy cried; as she stood up straight, the pee kept on streaming down her legs. "Yeah, I've peed my pants too," Kitty said, "now get out of here before you lose more than just bladder control!" Laurie and Kitty ran outside with Cathy in their wake; she had completely emptied her large bladder now, walking with her legs spread wide, her white cotton panties yellow with pee and large wet stains on the front and the back of her T–shirt. The three girls jumped into Laurie's jeep and drove off once more. "Where are we going?" Cathy cried softly. "Back to our dorm," Laurie answered, "do you still have to go, Kitty?" "Yeah," Kitty admitted, "although I guess I could just as well pee in my pants now." "Don't do that!" Laurie screamed, "my car is dirty enough already! And also– I have to go pretty bad too, now."
TO BE CONTINUED.
Skaat ( Email Welcome... Skaat is male ) next Skaat story