Pee Where You Sit Ep. 05
	The PWYS gang prepares for a new semester at college.
Author: RedHatter76

The original edition of this story combined my two main fetishes: peeing and breastfeeding. However, since I'm not sure how many pee fetishists are into lactation and vice-versa, I decided to post the milky part separately. If you are into breastfeeding or are at least curious, I invite you to read "Sam's Milky Secret." If not, I hope you enjoy this part!

~~~~~~~~~~

Well, it seems that fate thought our little group was a good match, because when I discovered that Kara, Theresa, and her roommate Fiona went to one of the universities to which I had been accepted, that effectively broke the tie between two otherwise equally appealing contenders, so I announced my intent to join them at their school the upcoming fall. It was very welcome news my new friends, though it was bittersweet for my sister, of whom I'd be seeing much less due to the distance between our colleges. At the same time, Kara's roommate Ashima's transfer, which had been just plain sad for Kara, acquired an unexpected upside when we suddenly realized that I was eligible to take her place. Within a few weeks, I had cleared it with the housing department to move in with Kara, which was a double blessing for me, since Theresa would also be in the dorm just adjacent to ours.

Kara arranged to borrow her sister's van in order to haul all of my stuff to campus. The only downside was that we had to leave at a ridiculous hour in the morning in order to arrive there before the commons closed so that I could get my key. I could only hope that class hours are significantly better than off-season housing administration hours. Anyway, after giving my parents a long final hug and waving goodbye to my clearly weeping mother, I piled into the thoroughly packed van with Kara, her twin sister Kumiko, and Ginger. Kumiko took the seat next to her sister in the front while Ginger and I rode directly behind them. Both of our sisters were tagging along theoretically just to help with the move in, but the seating choices belied an ulterior motive. All four of us wanted to be as close as possible for as long as possible to our siblings, simply because we knew the precious proximity would be ending soon. With that, we were on our way!

It would be a roughly six-hour trip, but we were barely out of our parents' range of sight before Kumiko asked, "Those pants are coming down at the first step we make, aren't they."

"Yep," Kara confirmed.

Kumiko chuckled and leaned back to yank her white leggings and panties to her ankles in preparation for eventual self-relief.

"No fair!" Kara protested playfully.

Perhaps out of playful spite, Kara stopped at the first non-residential place we came to and lowered her own jeans and underwear the instant she was safely parked. Nonetheless, Ginger was the first to soak her seat. She started visibly feeling the urge about an hour after we had left, and within five minutes, she quickly pulled her drawstring shorts and panties below her knees in a single yank. Sitting back in her seat, she closed her eyes and sighed as she started peeing unabashedly onto her seat, drenching it in a huge puddle within seconds. "Oh, that feels so good!" she purred. "It always does somehow!"

It might have been contagious, because not even ten minutes later, an explosive hiss signaled that Kara had decided to empty her own bladder onto her seat, and she unloaded what sounded like an impressive volume. "Ah, that's better!" she moaned shamelessly.

By now, we decided it was close enough to our normal breakfast time to stop at McDonalds to fill our stomachs. I had an odd craving for Sprite that I would later regret (or perhaps not, given how fun it was to pee it all out and relieve all that pressure).

About a half an hour after breakfast, Kumiko casually spread her thighs apart and let loose her own torrent of pee, giving off a very satisfied sigh as she peed audibly straight into the fabric on which she sat.

Fate saved the best for last, apparently, because when the urge hit me, it hit quite suddenly. "Oh, for crying out loud!" I rolled my eyes and leaned back to raise my butt from the seat. "Why did I have to order Sprite for breakfast? I know it goes right through me!" I urgently unbuttoned and unzipped my jean shorts, grabbed their hem as well as that of my panties, and tore them down to my shins. I then let myself fall back to my seat and immediately started peeing fiercely into the cushion. The rapid drop in pressure and the warmth pooling just as fast around my butt and crotch had me leaning my head back and moaning in pleasure as I peed freely for a minute and a half. "Nope, it never gets old," I said breathlessly when I had finally dumped it all out.

We each peed once more on the trip, with the twins making it interesting with an impromptu holding contest. It was well after breakfast, and we were nearly there when a cry of "Damn it!" from Kara accompanied what sounded like a dam bursting. Kara's great chagrin at losing was overshadowed in a mere couple of seconds by immense relief as she kept peeing uncontrollably. "Oh, holy crap!" she moaned loudly. "I don't even care anymore! It feels too good!" She half-gasped/half-squeaked at the same time as her already torrential flow swelled suddenly before finally dwindling. "But just for the record, I only lost because I have to concentrate on safe driving."

Meanwhile, Kumiko's own explosion came so closely on the heel of her sister's that we all agreed to call it a draw. They gushed pee and moaned almost in unison for a full couple of minutes in total before they finally finished. "Oh, that was awesome!" Kara finally decided, almost panting in ecstatic relief.

Ginger, whose bladder seemed most susceptible to the power of suggestion (aside from perhaps Theresa's, spread her legs and unleashed another flood of her own just ten minutes later. As for me, my own bladder filled up mostly in the remaining half hour of our journey, and I just started peeing profusely on my seat again as we pulled into the parking lot in front of our dorm, sighing deeply and moaning softly. The others began unloading themselves and our belongings without me while I lingered in the van simply to finish peeing. They decided that meant I should get stuck with Phleb duty, but trust me, it was worth it!

What followed was a whirlwind of activity. Kumiko's amateur affinity for interior design would guide us, but moving into a dorm turned out to be an even bigger production than I'd anticipated. Most of our time was spent assembling our new L-shaped desk and Kara's new dresser, followed closely by arranging and stacking the beds in the most economic way. Then, Kara and I had to figure out how best to divide up our closet space while Ginger and Kumiko maneuvered our sky blue futon into the room. Kumiko used the word "pivot" so much I started calling her Ross Geller. My Friends fanatic of a sister giggled heartily at the reference. Kumiko just looked confused.

In the midst of all of this, however, the agreement that this would be a PWYS-compatible dorm went unspoken. That is why, especially after having downed the drinks we'd brought in a cooler in order to stay cool in our toil, it was hardly a surprise when Ginger casually relieved herself on the carpet. While crouched over various desk parts, she rose just enough to slide her shorts and panties out of the way, diverged her shins a bit, and just peed on the floor between her W-shaped legs, the angle of her crouch already directing her full torrent somewhat backwards. Her look of concentration barely broke even as a long moan escaped her lips, while her puddle spread like wildfire across one of the few areas of carpet not obscured by a piece of wood.

The futon didn't even spend much time in its new home opposite my bed before it was soaked. Kara was sitting cross-legged assembling a desk drawer when she just stood up and announced, "I gotta piss." She waded her way through the mess of parts on the floor, already unzipping her jeans as she reached the small sofa. In a couple of seconds, she was quite contentedly sitting on it with her pants at her ankles and her thighs held apart as she openly and rigorously peed on it for about a minute and a half.

As we neared the end of our labor, the twins' stomachs began to growl, and by the time we took a break to take stock of our work so far, they were groaning a bit about how hungry they were fast becoming. Ginger and I could have eaten then, but for whatever reason, we weren't yet as starved as they apparently were.

However, hunger didn't stop any of us from admiring our new room. Kara's bed was raised a few feet above and perpendicular to mine, with the two intersecting at their heads in one corner of the room. My bedspread was forest green with a light green pillowcase, while Kara's was a deep royal red with a pink pillowcase. Next to the foot of my bed and in the opposite corner was a deep mahogany-finish desk big enough for the both of us. Finally, on the wall opposite my bed was our futon. The door to our room was in the corner between the futon and Kara's elevated bed.

Satisfied, we resolved to go fetch some more decorative items from the van and then go after some food. Kara was about to do the first clean-up when I held up an index finger as all the water I'd drunk to stay hydrated had hit me relatively suddenly. As I approached the futon and turned my back to it, I opened up my shorts, let them drop, and yanked my panties down. I then sat down on the one dry seat left, and gasped in pleasure as I instantly started peeing forcefully into the fabric. I reveled in the warm feeling of relief and probably moaned a couple of times before the flood finally ended a little over a minute later. I rose to my feet and pulled my pants up. "Proceed," I said to Kara, earning a hearty laugh from her as she went to work.
