Jane lived up to her name. She'd always been a plain girl and somewhat unattractive, I thought. She'd been a classmate of my daughter when she was in school but after they left they sort of lost touch with each other. That was nearly ten years ago.
A couple of weeks ago, who turns up on my doorstep but Jane? She still looked quite plain. Not the sort of girl that would cause me to turn my head. Anyhow, out of politeness I asked her in and offered her a cup of tea, which she gratefully accepted. I couldn't help but notice that Jane was a bit fidgety as we caught up with things that had happened to each of us since we last saw each other, and she also asked after my daughters, so I gave her their phone numbers. Her fidgeting continued, accompanied by a regular opening and closing of her legs. I remembered that the girls had said that it was very unusual for Jane to use the toilet and they used to marvel at how she could last so long. I began wondering if she still avoided going until the last minute.
I offered her more tea as we chatted, and she accepted, which surprised me a bit. Surely if she was putting off having a wee she would have declined. She sipped her tea and the wriggling and leg movements got quicker. Soon she started to squirm a little as well, so thinking she might be embarrassed to ask, I asked if she needed to use the bathroom. She said, "No thanks." Seeing my look of surprise she added, "Well, to be honest, yes I do, but I like to wait a bit."
"Ah I see," I said, "I remember the girls said you hardly ever went to the loo. I take it you prefer to keep it stored up and then go all at once then."
She smiled and said, "Yes. When I was little my dad always made me wait when I wanted to go. He said he hated kids who were up and down to the toilet every few minutes, and it was forbidden to ever leave the table during a meal to go, so I got used to holding it." She was wriggling like mad at this stage, and her legs were in continual motion. "I ss–suppose I got used to it." And she let out a sigh as she stopped wriggling and squirming quite so much. I assumed that her latest pressure wave had eased off. "Do you go camping much?" Jane asked me out of the blue.
I thought she was changing the subject to take her mind off her full bladder so I replied, "Oh about a couple of times a year, why do you ask?"
Jane sucked in her breath and resumed the squirming and wriggling and then moved one hand underneath her so she was sitting on it, and then said with a wicked smile, despite her obvious discomfort, "Well I just couldn't help admiring your tent." She had spotted my stiff erection and the bulge it made in my trousers. I was more than a little red faced and just said I was sorry. Jane, however, said she didn't mind, and continued to wriggle like crazy.
Eventually I decided to take the bull by the horns so to speak, and ask her directly about her water habits. "Jane," I said, "It's extremely obvious to me that you're bursting for a wee. Do you wait till this stage every time before you go for one? Do you always make it, or are there times when you just don't quite make it? Like, how often do you do this?"
She took my question as calmly as if I had asked her about the weather and just said, "Mostly I wait till I just can't hold on any longer. Oooh. Ahhh. No I don't always make it. It depends if I want to make it or not, but sometimes I do want to make it but I just leave it..." she paused to pant and wriggle and press her hand into her crotch "just a bit too long and then I have an accident. What about you? Do you ever do this sort of thing?"
"I can't say that I do, unless I am caught short somewhere, and then it can be embarrassing" I replied "but I always manage to find somewhere to do it".
"Oooooh you should try it. It gives you a really great ffff–feeling."
"You sound and look pretty close to erm breaking point," I observed. "How much longer will you hold on?" By now my rigid tent pole was getting really desperate to be removed from the tent.
"About another five minutes if I stay like this, but without the hindrance of clothes it could possibly be about twenty minutes to half an hour. Clothes just constrict you and put added pressure on your bladder you see."
"Well, unless you're shy feel free to do as you wish," I offered. "Tell you what, I'll go and make some more tea." As I went into the kitchen Jane called me a wicked man. I returned with more tea for us both, to find her sitting on the sofa, stark naked with her hands gently massaging between her legs. Although she was not exactly a head turner, she had small but firm nicely rounded breasts and a slim figure. I put the tea down on the coffee table and went to sit in the chair opposite her but she motioned me toward her.
"Look, your tent looks very unstable, " she said, "I think we ought to take it down ad see if we can find out what is the matter," and without further ado she undid my jeans and yanked them, together with my undies straight to the floor.
"My goodness," she gasped, "That pole is much too big for the tent. I think we'd better take everything down and start from basics," and she motioned for me to sit beside her and she completely stripped me off. She was still wriggling and squirming, especially as she bent down, so I offered to help her with her massage, but she shook her head, half stood up, squirmed, and sat down on my lap with my tent pole sticking up between her legs. She gently bounced up and down, and wriggled about. This was absolutely wonderful. I could hardly believe it was happening.
As we both sipped our tea I couldn't help feeling very surprised that Jane was actually drinking hers. After all she had admitted she was within half an hour of bursting point. I asked her, "How come you can manage to drink that tea with your bladder so full?"
"Well, it just means that the inevitable will happen a bit sooner, that's all," came her matter of fact reply. "By the way, Gopher, just to check, do I oooh, aah, have to mm–make the bathroom when the time comes, which ww–w–won't be long now, ooooo." and she bounced up and down and rubbed herself like crazy for several seconds.
"It really doesn't matter," I replied as my tent pole twitched and throbbed like crazy with the excitement. "Whatever you prefer. We can soon clean up afterwards."
"Oooh thanks Gopher," she said and kissed me. "In that case I don't think... oh," she paused to bounce up and down, and then she continued. "I don't think I'll try making the, ooooh, bathroom. Look, you wouldn't mind ifff–ff I slipped that tent pole of yours into me would you?
"Of course not Jane," I said. "Hop on," and hop on she did. She lifted herself up and slid herself gently down the length of the tent pole, and then just bobbed herself up and down. It was only a few minutes, of course before she approached her climax, which was just as well because I was having a job constraining myself.
"Here we go, ooo– Ooooh" she screamed, and I let go of my constraint as well. We both climaxed at more or less the same time, but Jane was unable to retain her waters any longer and I felt my lap, legs, and feet getting warm and wet. Jane stood up and moved in front of me, leant back and allowed me to watch her finish her pee, which had the effect of re–strengthening my tent pole. When she had finished she got straight to work on my tent pole again, and the remainder of the day was spent in passion.
Finally we cleaned up the mess together, kissed, showered together, and then made arrangements for our next hot steamy session together. As Jane left, I thought, she may be nothing special to look at but she really is hot stuff. I could hardly wait till we did it again.
By: Gopher