Title: Our Vacation in Italy

By: Julia

This is a true story of my last summer vacation to Italy.

Me, Julia, and my friends Maren and Nicole drove to Italy last summer. We left our home town Berlin early in the morning and arrived in a small village in Austria about 8 hours later, where we set up our tents on a farm near the woods. Afterwards we went into town to buy some wine and beer for the night and some food for dinner and breakfast. Luckily the weather was great, so we sat in front of our tents drinking the alcohol and listening to the music from the radio in the car. I didn?t take too long until we were all a little dizzy from the beverages and we decided to go sleep so we could leave early the next morning. All three of us had to pee and we left for the woods, where we squated in a circle and let go. We were laughing really hard caused by the alcohol Nicole lost control and her pee hit her right leg soaking the jeans. We would keep on making jokes about this incident throughout the trip but had to promise never to tell anybody back home.

Around noon the next day we arrived at Lake Garda in Italy where we stayed for only day due to the bad weather and temperatures. We headed for Venice and Rimini where we stayed for 10 days until we had just about no money left. On our way back to Germany we spent the the last Lira on fuel for the car until we reached the city of Padua. The car was out of fuel and we were out of money, food and drinks, so we decided to pull up to a gas station, get the fuel and leave without paying. Luckily we were not caught but we were heading for other problems now.

We all slowly felt the urge to visit the ladies restroom and Maren also needed to change her sanitary pad. We made the dicision to leave the city as fast as possible in order pull over somewhere in the countryside, but we got into a traffic jam in the centre of Padua causing us to make new plans. While Nicole was staying with the car in the traffic jam Maren and I decided to enter the nearest Restaurant and ask to use the restrooms. By now we had difficulty not to show our urge and we were very happy to find a Pizza Restaurtant after about ten minutes, thinking that it would be our rescue. Unfortunately the waiter inside told us that we could only use his restrooms if we also ate there, otherwise we would have to pay for them.

We kept on begging him trying to ilustrate that it was an emergency situation, but he would not let us relieve ourselves, instead he told us to use the public restrooms which were supposed to be only 5 minutes away. We headed for those but Maren told me that she had already let go of a little bit. We kept on searching for the public restrooms, but did not find the after a ten minute search so we headed back for the car. I suddenly had to stop in the middle of city and I needed to cross my legs in order not to soak my pants. People where already looking at us, when Maren cried out and grabbed her crotch to prevent an accident. It was too late though, she had a large wet spot on her jeans and told me that the rest would follow soon, if we could not find a solution. When we entered the car Nicole was totally mad at us for staying away so long.

She had taken a towel to sit on which was completely soaked. She told us that she took the towel as a security for the car seat and had completely lost control a little later. We also decided to get our towels and sit on them since no solution was in sight and the traffic jam was still moving really slow. After a couple of minutes of fighting against my bladder with grabbing my crotch and crossing legs i let go all the pee. It soaked the towel and a little bit even reached the seat. Maren sat in the back and just about a minute later she also let go after fighting to keep control. She soaked the towel and afterwards she changed her sanitary pad on the back seat in the middle of Padua. About two hours later we left Padua and headed for the countryside where we too a rest, changed clothes and drank one of our last beers. On our way back we had to steal fuel two more times and once ate at a restaurant without paying after using their restrooms wisely.

Please excuse my bad english. I sort of enjoyed the incidents in Italy but I think my friends are not really into that stuff.

