Title: Bin there, Done that...

By: Toni

23:13

"Are you coming?" Bill called through the door to Elise. Elise leant back in her chair and stretched her hands over her head, stifling a yawn. She stood up and followed him out into the hallway. It was New Yearis Eve, the eve of the new millennium, and (just her luck) she had to work. Her whole department was roped in; they had a deadline that just wouldnit wait. Elise and Bill were part of the 23 strong team of designers and engineers for a large government development and research agency in the south of England. Their boss, usually draconian to say the least, had softened and allowed an office party for them, beginning an hour before the new year.

Bill had reached the doors to the secretarial office, slid his ID card through the slot in the card reader and punched in his PIN number. The red light blinked out and was replaced by green, and the door clicked open. Elise followed him through into the office. Itis appearance was completely changed; the desks had been pushed to the sides of the room, the office equipment stacked somewhat haphazardly in piles at the rear. Elise suspected that the furniture movers had probably been at the punch a long time before now. They had done a fantastic job, though. They had even managed to drape silly string and streamers inside the false ceiling, and the fluorescent lights cast bizarre shadows through the opaque Perspex.

Bill handed her a glass, and they melted into the buzz of conversation. Somewhere over her shoulder she caught the tail end of a dirty joke before half a dozen engineers exploded in hysterics. Elise bit her lip as Bill gently stroked her arse; they had been carrying on together for several weeks, but were trying to maintain an air of professionalism in the office.

Across the other side of the room, Sarah, Mel and Louise were chatting to two of the security guards and one of the software engineers. The conversation had turned into a kind of competition, and they were trying to outdo each other. This had extended to drinking, and the girls were already on their third bottle of Bud interspersed with numerous glasses of punch.

Tanya, the apprentice engineer was sitting in the corner of the room nursing a glass of punch and trying to defend her honour from a couple of the guys who had become rather lecherous. Tanya was the youngest by far. The majority of the staff were between 24 and 28, but she had barely turned 18. She was not used to alcohol, having had a rather strict upbringing, and didnit realise the amount of vodka and gin that had found itis way into the punch from half a dozen spikings.

Someone had tuned the radio into the local station which was playing a decent mix of music for a change, and had forgone the irritating habit of interspersing the songs with adverts every ten minutes.

23:54

The room was in uproar. The DJ, in his ultimate wisdom, had decided to play the Birdie Song, and the whole room was in the process of shaking their tail feathers. Lubricated by the alcohol, the girls had found themselves divested of their tops and were dancing drunkenly within the circle of guys. Just two people were missing. Bill and Elise had slunk out of the room as the Birdie song started and crept into the team leaderis office. At that moment, Bill had pressed Elise up against the filing cabinet, his hands under her dress, squeezing her breasts, caressing her stomach. Elise reluctantly pushed him away.

"Iive got to go to the loo." she whispered huskily. Bill sat down in the leather chair and pulled her into his lap.

"Later." he replied, kissing her again. She wriggled against him, reluctant to stop, and decided she could wait a few more minutes.

In the main office, the broadcast had switched to Big Ben. The team counted down from 10, and as the clock struck, a cheer erupted, followed by a drunken round of Auld Lang Syne. Several people headed for the door, their bladders more than comfortably filled with the copious beverages of the evening. Tanya, the first there, tugged on the door, then pulled harder. She stared at it, puzzled, and tugged again. Sarah and James, one of the security guards, arrived behind her.

"The door wonit open." Tanya said, slurring slightly. Sarah reached over her shoulder and hit the button to release the lock, something that Tanya had omitted to do.

"Try now." she said dryly. Tanya pulled at the door, but it remained firmly shut. James peered drunkenly at the console. It appeared as if both lights were on. His brain was not working at full speed, and it took him a minute to realise what had happen.

"Weire locked in." he announced finally.

"What?" someone yelled. There was a murmur of agreement.

"It seems," said James, "that someone must have forgotten to check the locks when they went to cure this millennium bug thingie. This happened before once. Remember the big storm last summer? The one where the lightning hit our substation? It fried the computer wotsit that controlled and monitored the card things. I remember it. The two lights on the door panels."

"But surely the system would set every door to be unlocked, wouldnit it? For safety reasons?" someone asked.

"In this place? As if!" Louise scoffed.

"Iive got to go to the toilet." Tanya moaned. It seemed she was already desperate, one hand dug in her crotch. Sarah put her arm around her shoulders, and agreed with her. "Women!" mocked Alex, the other guard. "You always have to pee. You wonit see me complaining like that." Sarah shot an evil look in his direction, as his comment was met by an awkward silence rather than the approval he expected. It soon became clear that at least half of the room would have preferred to visit the bathrooms instead of wait. John, the boss, picked up the phone and started to dial.

Elise moaned softly. Billis fingers were buried inside her, and her bladder throbbed painfully. "Bill stop," she groaned, "I have to pee NOW!" He reluctantly rolled onto his back and Elise stood up. The motion brought on an enormous wave of pressure that hit her bladder. She sucked in her breath sharply, her hands between her thighs, bending over as she begged her muscles to hold on. When she had regained control, she hobbled to the door tried to open it. She groaned loudly, her hand on her forehead. "I think the locks are jammed." she said, turning to Bill. He stood up and tried vainly to open the door, and looked at Elise.

"Damn." he replied, his heart leaping.

Elise sat down and shifted in her seat as a shiver passed through her. Her bladder was filling rapidly. She wriggled again, trying to find that elusive position that would take the pressure off of her bladder. She could feel his eyes on her and looked up, meeting his gaze. She felt her bladder become fuller by the minute. She found that she couldnit stop fidgeting by now, her hips rocking to try to get more comfortable. She glanced at Bill, and had to bite back a moan. Seeing how aroused he was sent bolts of desire through her, arrowing down to her groin and blending richly with the desire to piss. He had flushed stripes down his cheeks, his breathing ragged.

She reached over and slid her hand over his thigh, feeling the muscle tighten under her fingers. As she brushed his crotch, the groan she'd been trying to contain escaped. She could feel how hard he was, how much he wanted her. He drew a sharp breath and took her hand in his, intertwining his fingers with hers. He lifted it to his lips, kissing the palm, the fingertips. She guided his hand to her mouth, returning the kisses, sliding his finger between her lips and sucking it softly, then harder. It was his turn to moan then, and the husky sound made her stomach contract. She felt her control slipping and gasped as a trickle of pee soaked into her knickers. Her hand dropped to her crotch, jamming hard into her body as she tried to keep hold. Her fingers moved, rubbing, trying to aid her aching muscles.

She felt her white cotton and lace knickers getting damper, but because she was so turned on. The feel of her touch was arousing her more, but she wished it was him touching her, his fingers stroking her, strumming her clit, buried deep inside her again. It was so tempting just to slide her fingers inside herself, into the aching moistness. But she was startled by the realisation that she was so close to cumming that she dared not move. If she came, she'd lose any semblance of control and wet herself right there and then. He'd realised how close she was and teased her a little, breathing heavily. She had to use both hands now to hold herself, her legs twisted together.

She had to get up and walk around now, as sitting still was too difficult. He was behind her, his hand sliding up the back of her legs, over her arse and between her thighs. He pulled her to him with his other arm, stroking her as another trickle escaped, moistening him fingers. His other hand stroked her stomach, teasing her overfull bladder. He pushed her down into the chair on top of him and kissed her hard, deeply. She kissed him back, her arms wrapping around his neck. She could feel how much he want her as he rock him hips against her, she could feel how hard he was.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, feeling him mould against her. He slid downwards, caressing her breasts, pinching her hard nipples through the velvet of her dress as he nuzzled it up to her waist. He kissed her stomach now as she wriggled beneath him, because it felt so good, because the waves of pressure in her bladder were getting stronger. She whimpered his name and he looked up, meeting her eyes. His pupils were so large that his eyes seemed black, his lips parted.

His fingers wrapped around the sides of her knickers, and he pulled them off her, pulling the dress over her head. She helped him shed his shirt and his hands dropped to his jeans. She stopped him however, pulling him to her. His hands curved around her arse, fingertips brushing the crease of her backside, arching her against his mouth. Her eyes fluttered shut at the delicious sensations, her head pressing back into the leather of the chair. She buried her hands into his hair, pulling him closer to her. His lips were caressing her, his tongue flicking slowly over her clit. She could feel the tension building inside her. She moaned his name, encouraging him, begging him not to stop. He slid one hand from under her, his fingers dipping, teasing, before plunging inside her.

As they flicked forwards, stroking her aching bladder, his tongue tipped her over the edge. Her body tensed as she came hard, around his fingers, against his mouth. She let go completely, feeling her bladder contract, her piss pouring over his face, into his mouth as he lapped at her. Bill pulled her to the edge of the chair and slid inside her, feeling her tighten around him as the last trickles of piss ran over his dick and balls. They fucked hard, they didnit make love. With a final cry, Bill came in her, his cum shooting inside her, dripping over his balls, her arse, soaking the leather of the chair. As she caught her breath, she felt herself cum again as she felt the hot stream of his piss inside her, running over her arse, flowing off the chair in a waterfall.

"Oh God, I canit hold on much longer." Tanya moaned, almost crying in desperation. She was alternately crouched down and pacing around the room. Sarah was perched on the edge of a desk, the corner pressing into her crotch, her hands pulling the table as if to press it harder, her legs wound in a knot. John was still on the phone, but the line had been engaged for the last 45 minutes. Several of the guys had their hands in their pockets, literally holding on, and a couple were unabashedly rubbing their dicks to make themselves hard. Alex was not looking quite so relaxed now, and was striding up and down the room, occasionally giving his jeans a hard tug up by the waistband.

"Shit!" exclaimed one of the engineers, fumbling with his fly. There was a rapidly darkening stain on the light blue denim as he pulled his dick free and aimed for the nearest waste paper bin. A series of desperate groans accompanied the sound of him pissing into the metal bin, and half a dozen guys quickly followed suit. The four girls stared in envy at them.

"I canit wait any more," Louise said, and hitched up her skirt, oblivious to the guys staring as she hooked her black g-string to the side and crouched over a bin. Her stream hit the metal with a resounding clang, and she pissed for what seemed like forever. As the final drips hit their target, she let out a sigh of relief. Standing up, she saw that she had filled the bin about a third of the way.

"Jeez! that must be at least four of those Buds in there!" she grinned. She turned to Alex. "Hey, Motormouth! why donit you put yourself out of your misery? Oh, but hang on, youid never get that desperate, would you?" she mocked. He stared at her furiously, and returned to pacing the room. Louise turned to the girls and said "Whois next?" Sarah eased herself off the table, and crouched over the bin, her pee splashing down as a wide grin spread over her face. Mel followed suit, and they turned to Tanya. She blushed furiously. "I canit do that... I... not with everyone here..." Her lip trembled as tears began to run down her cheeks. "Oh God, it hurts..."

"Come on, Tan, weill stand around you so no-one can see you." Sarah urged, and the other two nodded in agreement. Tanya shook her head. "I just canit." she told them, grinding her crotch against her wrists. Louise sat next to her and put an arm around her. "Donit worry, Iim sure weill get out soon." Tanya nodded, biting her lip. If only sheid worn a dress... It would have provided her with some privacy... but she couldnit just strip down in a room with 20 guys. She was stone cold sober now, and would have given anything to be as uninhibited as she was an hour ago.

By now, it seemed that the only two people who hadnit been were Alex and Tanya. A few of the other guys were now making bets as to which of the pair would give in or wet themselves first.

Finally, John got through on the phone and promptly cursed. "Dammit, itis an answering service!" He slammed down the receiver and said "It looks like weill be here until the morning and someone gets in at the manufacturers of the locking system." There was a universal groan, and Tanya burst into fresh floods of tears. Standing up awkwardly, she unbuckled her belt but her overfull bladder gave in and she gasped as the first spurt of piss hit the crotch of her knickers. Fumbling hurriedly with the fly, she tried to yank down her jeans but the next spurt followed and rapidly became a stream. 

She tried to stop it but her exhausted muscles wouldnit listen. Her jeans darkened rapidly, the darkness spreading down both legs, up over her arse, the material glistening before drips rolled over the saturated material and formed a puddle at her feet. Tears ran down her burning face as the guys stared on, until the girls crowded around her and shielded her from their gaze. One of the guys shimmied out of his own jeans and passed them to the huddle of girls, allowing Tanya to at least change out of her rapidly cooling jeans.

Most of the team bedded down after that, making pillows out of pads of paper and ringbinders, and the occasional jumper. The girls snuggled up in a circle, and that drew a couple of whispered innuendoes from James, but he shut up when Louise kicked him in the shin. It wasnit until they heard a gasp from the other side of the room and the sound of someone pissing that they remembered Alex. He had had his back to them, but as he turned around the girls exploded with laughter. For all his big words, he had still managed to piss on his jeans. They werenit planning on letting him forget that for a long, long time...

