June’s Bus Agony
	Posted onDecember 16, 2008
by Neville

June was very attractive for a bus conductress. She was 22, had short brown hair and a lovely body. Although she was on the short side (5ft, 6in), she still got loads of complements from male staff and passengers alike. Her uniform consisted of a white blouse, navy jacket and black skirt or trousers. She worked on one of London’s busiest bus routes, the 73, which serves the famous Oxford Street.

As the bus started its journey from Stoke Newington, she felt a slight need to go to the toilet, but she felt she could hold it, as it was a hot day and she consumed two small bottles of mineral water.


She kept herself occupied by serving the passengers as normal. By the time the bus reached the Angel Islington, she started to fidget by moving her legs and slightly curtsying. At this particular stop, a rush of people had come onto the bus…. that was the last thing she needed! The bus had become full of passengers, and June tried to concentrate on collecting the fares, despite the growing urgency in her bladder.

When the bus reached Euston Road, it got caught in a traffic jam. June was getting desperate now. She paced up and down on the bus as it slowly trawled along. It took about 45 minutes until it reached the one-way system at Malet Street. June was in agony as she pressed her legs together in an effort to retain control. She thought she was going to lose it there and then, but somehow she managed to hold on.

It took another half an hour before they finally reached Oxford Street, where nearly all the passengers got off. However, the bus got caught in a queue of others…. Oxford Circus, at the corner of Regent Street, was blocked off by the police ahead. June was getting frantic at this point. She was pacing up and down, and started holding herself through her skirt…. she needed to go badly. The Plaza shopping centre had toilets nearby. She was tempted to nip in and go, but she could not, not while on duty. She had bent double, crossed her legs and clutched herself with all her might.

Suddenly, she felt a little pee go in her knickers. She was shocked…. she needed to go at that moment. She rushed up to the top deck, which was empty. She wrapped her skirt around her legs, sat on the back seat… and let it go. The pee soaked her knickers and seeped through her skirt…. she was wetting herself, big time.

After finishing, she got up to look at the damp seat and floor under it, and began to cry. She spent a further hour in her wet skirt as the police gave the all-clear for traffic to move on. Luckily, the bus journey ended at Oxford Circus, and June went to tell her driver Mark about what happened. He sympathised with her and offered to buy her a new skirt. They went into a department store to get that…. and a brand new pair of knickers! June was grateful, and Mark promised not to tell her other colleagues about the embarrassing incident.
