Linda didn't know why she enjoyed wetting herself. She only knew the secret pleasure of letting go into her panties. The sensual release she felt as the wet patch at her crotch moved up and down the inside of her thighs, spreading a comfortable warmth in her most sensitive areas. For years, she had reveled in the shameful naughtiness of the act, but she did not try to understand it.
Maybe that was all there was to it, she thought to herself as she lay on her bed, idly fondling the crotch of her jeans. Linda looked at her watch and frowned. Her girlfriends were supposed to call her when they were ready to meet. If they didn't come soon, they were going to miss the movie.
No matter, she decided. She had secretly wanted to stay home and have a private wetting session, but her friends had obliviously insisted that she come along with them. Since her roommate, Alice, had moved in, Linda had become hard pressed to find a moment alone for herself.
But Alice is away this weekend, she thought. Her crotch became wet with the realization that she was alone. Since as far back as she could remember, she had always been living with someone. Linda always felt uncomfortable indulging in her wetting habits when she was adjusting to new living situations. Somehow, the lack of familiar surroundings had an inhibiting effect on her– although eventually, nearly all of her previous roommates had become aware of her peeing fetish. Her favorite one was Rachel.
Linda smiled and blushed a little at the thought of her beautiful former roommate. Rachel, with her full auburn hair, her generous bust, and her softly curvaceous hips, had been Linda's only female love. Since the day that Rachel moved in, Linda could not help snatching glances at her roommate's incredible figure. She loved the way Rachel's bottom wiggled in her tight jeans as she moved around the apartment.
Linda caught herself fantasizing about Rachel whenever she had a moment to herself. She would lie on the living room couch, softly touching her breasts, allowing herself to pee freely into her panties. As soon as the warm wetness enveloped her crotch, she would slide her hand underneath her jeans and bring herself to an amazing orgasm. Linda was always careful to start the minute that Rachel left, so that she would have ample time to clean up before Rachel returned.
So when Rachel left to buy some groceries one late afternoon, Linda felt her panties moisten as soon as she heard the front door click. Ravenous with desire, she slipped her hand immediately into her panties and began to let loose a wonderful wet patch between her legs. As the warm wetness of her pee began to course down the legs of her jeans, Linda heard the click of the front door. Before she could remove herself, Rachel stepped into the room, smiling, "I forgot my club card." Desperate to conceal her predicament, Linda jumped up from the couch. But it was too late. She stood in plain view of her roommate, her wet jeans glistening in the lamplight, her hand unmistakably wedged into the crotch of her panties. Rachel opened her mouth, but said nothing.
"I'm sorry," Linda said.
Rachel stared back with a look of genuine concern. "Did you wet your panties?" she asked. Linda nodded her head slowly and looked away in shame. "It's okay," Rachel cooed. "It's okay." She put her arm around Linda and held her hand. "Everyone has accidents from time to time."
Linda looked back at Rachel's kind green eyes, and suddenly, she could stand her roommate's innocent kindness no more. She buried her head in Rachel's chest and confessed that she did it on purpose, that she was in love with Rachel, and that she couldn't help peeing herself when she thought of someone she loved. Rachel stroked her hair and said softly, "I had no idea you felt this way." Then she laughed softly. "Here," she said. Rachel began to slowly undo the buttons of her blouse. Linda's eyes widened as the full figure of Rachel's breasts came into view. Rachel pushed aside her bra cupping her left breast. "I think you are very attractive," Rachel whispered. "I knew you were looking at me, but I didn't want to jump to conclusions." Rachel let her hands slide around Linda's smooth wet bottom. "Please touch me," she said.
Linda sucked gingerly on Rachel's breast, releasing the rest of her pee into her soaked panties. The couch had long become damp, but Rachel continued to hold her roommate, fondling her through the dampness of her jeans, until both girls orgasmed marvelously.
When Linda awoke the next morning, Rachel was bubbly and attentive. Still underneath the sheets, Linda reached out to stroke Rachel along her thighs, as Rachel moved about the bedroom.
"I noticed you wet the bed last night, sweetie," Rachel said. "I went to the store this morning to get you some diapers."
Linda blanched, then turned red. Rachel pulled aside the covers and pulled up Linda's nightgown. Linda began to protest. "Sshhhh," Rachel cooed softly. "I need to put this on you. We can't have the sheets getting soaked every night, can we? And all your clothes have pee stains on them. Wouldn't you like to be able to wear nice things too??" With that, Rachel lifted up Linda's bottom and fastened on an adult size diaper.
Linda felt a wave of shame flood over her body as she felt the soft padding around her crotch. "Please don't make me wear it," she said. She was on her knees, hugging her arms around Rachel's legs. When she felt the softness of the backs of Rachel's thighs, Linda began to grow weak with desire. She kissed her roommate softly at the crotch of her panties.
"You won't change my mind that easily," Rachel said, stroking her roommate's hair. From that day forward, Linda became Rachel's diapered lover. Rachel made sure to check Linda's diaper at least twice a day. On a whim, she would pull up Linda's skirt from the back and sweetly fondle Linda's bottom and crotch area, checking for wetness. On one occasion, during a picnic at the park, Rachel inspected Linda's crotch, and found, to her surprise, that her roommate was dry. At once, she told Linda to pack up her things and get in the car. When they returned home, Rachel scolded Linda, and told her to get down on her knees.
"Why, I don't understand," Linda protested.
"How dare you walk around in diapers if you have so much control," Rachel scolded. She pulled up Linda's skirt over her back. "If I'm going to be changing your diapers all the time, I expect you to wet them." With that she began to give Linda a thorough spanking. Surprised and off balance, Linda began to lose control. She felt her diaper become moist around her crotch. As Rachel smacked her bottom one last time, Linda let it all go into her diaper. Warm pee filled her between her legs, collected in her bottom and dribbled down her thighs. On seeing this, Rachel pulled Linda close to her. Linda unzipped Rachel's jeans, and began to pull her roommate's panties aside.
"I've always wanted to wet my panties," Rachel whispered as Linda began to massage her clit with her tongue. "But...I've never been able to. I need you to do that for me."
The two girls explored each other's bodies. Linda lovingly caressed Rachel's bottom, while Rachel slid her hand into Linda's diaper and stroked her wet groin. The came together, embraced in each other's arms and Linda's wet warmth.
Rachel...Linda thought, as she sat in bed. Whatever happened between us? At that moment the phone rang.
Green