At The Counter
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Michaela had recently started her new job serving at a petrol station. The manager and several of her (male) colleagues were impressed by her numeration and communication skills. Her uniform consisted of a red polo shirt and black trousers. They worked in shifts of either early or lates, which alternated regularly.

On this morning, Michaela had to get up early so she could be at the station to start work in the morning. It was bitterly cold that day. She only had time to have a shower and a large mug of tea before setting off.

She arrived at the petrol station just in time to take over the duties from the night worker and immediately started working behind the counter. It had been particularly busy that morning, with people queuing up to pay for their cars’ fuel. Michaela had been working very hard. She had another staff member, Steve, working with her if she got into any difficulties.

Two hours into her shift, Michaela felt signs of needing to go to the toilet. She felt a little fidgety, and the station was busy with people. She hoped there would be a lull, so she would be able to use the toilet. There was no such luck however, for the station became busier than ever. Steve even came and helped her out, which she thought was nice. Half an hour later, the situation in her bladder was getting worse…. she kept feeling her stomach through her red top.

“You alright?” asked Steve.

“I’m okay, just a bit cold, that’s all,” replied Michaela.

She did lie. She was becoming more desperate by the moment and tried not to fidget any more than she needed. But she noticed at the corner of one eye that Steve was watching her. She then started to make mistakes when she miscalculated the change on the till. Two further hours later, Michaela was bursting… she was now hopping on both feet, trying with all the willpower to keep her pee in. Steve was paying more attention to her predicament than serving customers and got a huge hard-on in his trousers. Michaela was so desperate, she hand one hand shoved inbetween her legs and started to hold herself while serving customers with the other hand.

“You’re in trouble,” said Steve. “Go to the toilet, I’ll carry on here.”

“I-I need to go so badly!” Michaela shrieked, worryingly. “But it’s so busy, I can’t go- not yet!”

“It’s either that, or you wet yourself,” said Steve.

“I-I-I just can’t go yet!” claimed a worried Michaela.

She was in trouble now. She was still serving customers at the counter and was on the verge of wetting herself. Suddenly, she felt a little pee seep into her panties…. she gasped and looked down to her trousers. There was no wet patch… yet. She was grabbing herself more tightly now… the more she did so, the more Steve got excited. While she was serving a customer, she felt a longer leak of pee seep into her which trickled down her inner thighs.

She gasped again, then she felt she could not control her pee any more. She just let go….. more of her stream went down her thighs and onto the floor. She opened her legs slightly and saw her pee soak her black trousers. Steve stood amazed that he saw her poor colleague lose control of her bladder. After Michaela finished, Steve quickly ushered her to the staff toilet.

“Clean yourself up,” he said. “Take as long as you like.” Michaela started to cry. It was the first time she wet herself since her early teens. Half an hour later, Steve came to sympathise with her, but she also had something to ask him.

“When I was desperate to pee, why did you stare at me so attentively?”

“Er, well- er… it is a fantasy of mine to see a young lady like… wet herself in front of me. I get so excited if a woman gets desperate and then doesn’t make it to the toilet. You’re the first person I’ve seen doing it.” Steve’s face blushed a little whilst telling her of his confession. Michaela smiled a little.

“I must admit I like you a lot, but never said anything up to now,” she said.

“Let’s just keep this under our hat, shall we?” asked Steve.

“I will,” said Michaela, and now both of them induldge in their newly-discovered wet passion.

