Hi, my name is MoonSpirit and I'm a female. This story is about male desperation and how I found out that I get off on seeing my boyfriend desperate. I've always had a thing for watching people who needed to use the bathroom, but never really realized there were others like me out there until I found your web site while surfing one day. Last month my boyfriend and I were driving into New York from New Jersey. We were meeting friends in the city at 7PM which put us at the Holland Tunnel in the height of rush hour traffic. Now, getting through the tunnel at this time in the evening usually takes about a half hour. Considering the fact that the drive from our home to the tunnel takes an hour, we were prepared for an hour and a half trip. As we inched our way to the tunnel I saw a look of pain on Chris' face. I asked him what was wrong and he said "nothing". I thought the traffic was getting to him as he is an impatient driver. As we approached the toll booth, he was sort of bending over at the waist toward the steering wheel. He has a nervous stomach so I asked again if he was okay. He responded that he was just tired. When we finally got into the tunnel I noticed Chris tapping his hands hard on the steering wheel while still kind of bending forward. The traffic was moving ever so slowly. After a few minutes I noticed him raising one cheek of his ass, then the other. His face was a bit contorted. It was then that I figured he must have to pee, and pretty badly at that. Although we've been together for three years, Chris is a very private person and doesn't usually announce when he is in need of a toilet, even to me. After about ten minutes in the tunnel, the green lights all turned yellow, and then red. An announcement over the tunnel speakers stated that a truck was stuck in the mouth of the tunnel on the New York side. The truck was too tall and got stuck on its way out of the tunnel. The announcement further stated that they were working hard to clear the truck and traffic should be moving shortly. We were all advised to shut off our engines and wait. By now Chris was squirming a bit, but not grabbing himself. I looked down at his legs and his right foot was tapping. Then he began fanning his legs in and out, and tapping both feet. I was really getting turned on, but I felt really sorry for him at the same time and wished we'd get moving so he could get relief. Soon his left leg was tapping wildly and he was really doubling over at the waist. I put my hand on his leg to steady it and asked once again if he was okay. He finally responded "I have to pee so bad I could taste it". Because of my love for him, I felt really bad watching him suffer like that, but I was so turned on at the same time. I told him to hold on and that we'd be out of the tunnel soon. He was now bouncing up and down in the seat of the car, while beads of sweat formed on his brow. I could see that he was using every muscle in his body in his effort to hold his pee. I looked at his face and noticed that he was biting down hard on his lower lip. Soon, even his breathing became irregular. I began to rub his lower back, thinking that would make him feel better, or at least get his mind of his dire need. I was talking about anything and everything to keep his mind off his bladder. He was answering with short sentences or not at all. We now had the engine off for about twenty minutes and there was no further announcement about how long it would actually take to clear the truck at the end of the tunnel. I noticed Chris had tears in his eyes as he tried hard to contain himself. I kept glancing down at his crotch, but it was dry. It was so weird, because I felt sorry for him still, but at the same time I knew that any minute he'd have to grab himself – or pee himself. Finally an announcement broke the silence, but it wasn't the news Chris wanted to hear. "We are still working on the blockage which should be cleared within the hour". Hearing this made Chris wince, and for the first time he said to me "I don't think I can hold this in that long". My own crotch began to get damp, and I didn't even have to pee. I found myself holding my own sphincter tight in an effort to help him contain his flow. Being as shy as he is, I knew he didn't want to have to hold his dick in front of me. I wanted him to find some comfort, so every now and again I'd turn and look out my passenger side window. I figured this would give him time to give his dick a squeeze if he needed to. I was so turned on, but yet I felt so sorry for Chris' predicament. He finally pulled his seat back a bit and crossed his legs tightly. Again he commented that he had to go so bad and didn't think he could hold it. I kept encouraging him by telling him that he could and to think of something else. I knew though, that he could think of nothing else at this time except his dire need to pee. Finally, after about thirty–five minutes the lights in the tunnel turned green and the traffic began to move forward, inch by inch. Chris uncrossed his legs, moved his seat back into position and began to inch along with the traffic. "I can't do this", he exclaimed. "I'm going to wet my pants, I need to go so bad". The traffic stopped again, briefly as cars were lead out of the tunnel. We were still only about mid–way through. They had a cop at the end of the tunnel letting about ten cars out at a time so as not to create a bottle–neck of traffic in the street outside the tunnel. I asked Chris if he wanted me to drive and he said "yeah, please" I maneuvered my way into the back seat and told him to scoot over to the passengers front seat. When he did, I climbed into the driver's seat. I glanced at Chris' crotch which was still dry. I was in awe of how long he was holding such a bad piss. We were still at a stand still when a tear fell down Chris' cheek. That was about all I could take. With my right hand, I grabbed his dick through his jeans, and squeezed the head hard. I told Chris to relax a bit. He just kept saying "oh, I'm so embarrassed". I told him not to worry, and that it happens to the best of us. I could feel his muscles relax a bit as I held on to his thing. The traffic began to move, and I drove with only my left hand on the wheel. Finally, we were out of the dark tunnel, but still crawling in traffic on the New York side. Because we were in broad daylight, Chris took my hand from his dick, and kind of pressed down with his own hand. At this point he told me he couldn't even talk, because if he did he was going to loose control. There are many restaurants in New York City, but trying to find a parking place is hard on a good day. Now, with all of these cars that just came out of the tunnel, it was near to impossible. New York City is not the kind of place where you can pull over and pee on the side of the road either. There were wall to wall people on the streets, and lots of cops around. I was frantically looking for a place to park so that Chris could get into a restaurant and finally let it out. His head was now down under the dashboard, and both of his arms were wrapped around his knees while his legs were drawn up to his chest. I reached down under his left leg and pressed hard on his dick. I felt him relax a bit at that point. I told him to hold it, and that I'd find parking soon. About ten minutes later, I found a parking spot. Getting out of the car was difficult for Chris. He couldn't get out right away. He said his pee was moving down his dick and if he moved his legs he'd loose it. I told him to take a few deep breaths and pull his muscles in tightly. I knew that the pee that had already escaped his bladder would have to come out, no matter how hard he tried to hold it. When he finally regained control, I saw a wet spot the size of a quarter on the left side of his zipper. I was never so horny in my life, and now I felt that I wanted to prolong his trip to the bathroom. Because of my feelings for him though, I couldn't bear to make him suffer needlessly. We walked into a steakhouse, and Chris made a bee–line for the men's room. By now, I had to go too, so I walked behind him to use the Ladies' room. Each bathroom had only one toilet, and there were three ladies in front of me and two men in front of Chris. Poor Chris stood there with his legs all mangled and crossed, while he doubled over, almost to the floor. I was telling the women in front of me that he'd been holding it for over an hour, and about how we were stuck in the tunnel. I spoke loud enough for the men in front of Chris to hear me, hoping that one of them would let him go in first. The men in front of Chris were not showing signs of desperation at all, but they still didn't allow Chris to cut the line. Finally, the last guy entered the bathroom. Chris was next on line for the Men's room, and I was next for the Ladies room. I looked at him and said "it won't be long now Chris, just hold on". The women came out of the ladies room and it was my turn I felt guilty going in with Chris still trying desperately to hold it in and still waiting his turn. The guy in the Men's room seemed to be taking forever. I went in, peed, washed my hands, and came out. There was another guy waiting for the Men's room, and I could hear the sound of Chris' piss from outside the door. He seemed to be in the bathroom for ten whole minutes. When he came out he joined me at the bar. He said his stomach still hurt from his ordeal, but except for the tiny bit that escaped him as he got out of the car, he was basically dry. He'd made it. The look of relief on his face was immense. We met our friends and had a nice evening and an uneventful ride home. I never told Chris how turned on I was by him having to pee that badly. I still visualize his face in the car, holding his bladder for all he was worth, when we are in bed. My orgasms are stronger for it. Will I ever tell him it was a turn on for me? I don't think so, I don't think he'd understand.
MoonSpirit