For the past 2 years I have been surfing around on the Internet in the search of real desperation and sometimes I have gotten in touch with girls who like it too.
On one particular day I was busy reading and writing a lot of SMS messages using my mobile phone with a nice girl who was very curious about my actual situation.
So, after work I decided to go to a bar (pub) to meet friends and to drink some beers. After a while I had to pee but decided not to go to the bathroom and thought that I would try to leave the bar at the point where I could just imagine making it all the way home.
I always take the train and the bus to go to work and that day wasn't any different. It was evening and beginning to get dark outside when I had to leave.
Arriving at the train station I saw that I had to wait an extra 10 minutes with the usual ride taking at least a good 25 minutes.
Actually, I was starting to think that it that maybe it wasn't such a good idea. I was stuck on the platform in a bad situation, having waited too long and drunk too much beer.
I was continually looking at my watch and nervously walking around, while occasionally sending messages to my friend (the girl from the net). I was looking around to see if other people who might have noticed my problem, though I was still able to hide it.
When the train was announced I couldn't stay still. I was almost dancing on the spot and so was very happy to hear the news so that no one would notice me there.
The train was not very full but not empty either. I sat down and tried to concentrate on the view outside. But it wasn't easy and when the train went faster, the track was bumpy and the vibrations weren't helpful; they had a very bad effect on me, every bump gave me the feeling that the liquid was working down, down, down.
In those conditions it was impossible for me to sit still. But some people were sitting in front of me making it difficult to move a lot.
So I had no choice; if I couldn't move it would come out. I pushed my bottom back in the seat and bent slightly forward but it didn't help. I was now slipping from side to side in my seat and I was very anxious that people could see me so I decided to go and search for another seat where I would be less visible.
Sitting there made it impossible to hide anything. I was bent over forward the entire time, heavily squirming around. When someone would pass my seat I had to stop each time and hope that they would quickly go away instead of sitting down in back of me because it would be very embarrassing for me to squirm while sitting in the front of someone.
5 min before arriving at my station I couldn't hold on anymore. I definitively had drunk too much. And now what could I do? I seriously thought about water, a toilet, finding a little place to go, but no– I was determined to try to get home. So I had to use my hands to avoid wetting in public.
Arriving at my station, it was very difficult to stand up and also very hard to walk while trying to hide everything. While walking I sometimes put one of my hands down and pushed deeply into my pocket. The bus station was right next to the train station, but I had to wait about 5 minutes because the driver was running late.
Then there where no free seats; I was in a very bad situation. I absolutely couldn't stay still and I couldn't find a place to go in emergency!! I was sweating; standing there with my legs clamped together, one over the other and my jacket pulled down to hide the sight of holding myself using both hands!
I was in agony when the bus arrived. I went in and had a bad surprise, for there was a girl I knew. I was just thinking 'Oh no what I am going to do now?' She was sitting on the left side on the bus, so I sat down on the right side but in the row behind her to keep a seat between us.
She started a discussion, but I can't even remember it anymore, I had bigger worries to care about at that moment. I was bent forward, both hands between my legs and moving from side to side. The whole time, moving in the same way the bus moved so to hide it.
I was also thinking, "I should get out at the next stop and avoid having this accident." I thought that at every stop. The girl was still talking to me but I was just replying yes, no, or maybe in a hesitating voice.
I began to not even care anymore about whether or not she would notice my struggling– it was just important to me to get home dry!!
But I was losing hope that I could make it. She asked if everything was ok and I told her that I felt a bit sick and just really wanted to get home. She left first and then I finally arrived at my stop. I went out bent forward and stopped just outside the bus, sure that people had noticed me but it really wasn't important anymore.
With both hands still holding my crotch in total embarrassment I walked with small, quick, steps home.
As soon as I arrived home I sent a last message to my friend asking if I could go now and she replied, "No, not for 15 min!"
I could barely hold my mobile phone anymore as I told her that I would surely try! So, I sat down in the garden and tried to do what she wanted. I was squirming on the chair like crazy with both hands pushing hard on my cock. I was exhausted with all of the effort but I had to hold on and to stay dry– I had never peed myself before and I surely didn't want to start now. But I was in such agony and so desperate that I was almost in tears, I couldn't hold the huge pressure. If the train had been any later it would have happened in public. The waves of pressure wanting to come out were getting stronger and stronger until I started to leak and made a spot on my pants. When the next wave hit me the spot got bigger and bigger and bigger until it wasn't just a spot. I was soaking wet and there was no reason to hold it anymore because I had completely wet myself before the fifteen minutes were up.
I hope you did enjoy it :)
Desper (email welcome)