The elevator door opened and Ashley walked with hesitant steps into the opulent headquarters of Rainwater & Associates firmly clutching her resume, her immaculately tailored dark blue skirt and jacket, expensive white blouse and high heel pumps– the outfit de rigueur for the position of executive secretary she hoped to land. Her long flowing locks of red hair had been tied back and expertly braided, all giving what she hoped was a professional persona that belied her twenty one years. Ushered into the sanctum of the inner office, she sat nervously as L.P. Rainwater, the founder and CEO studied every line of her application. Finally the CEO from central casting looked up and took his reading glasses off. "Clearly you look qualified for the job, Miss Thompson. Congratulations. I'll have Julie give you the grand tour of our office. You can see her on the way out."
Ashley could scarcely conceal a small cheer as she greeted the receptionist. "I got it!" The petite brunette smiled and barely looked up from her computer. "I knew you would. And the sooner you relax and realize what a fun, non–conformist bunch we are the better. Don't let the Mahogany wood–paneling fool you," she winked.
All too soon Ashley found out just what she meant. A short tour of the floor found a largely female staff in high spirits, engaging in a myriad of various job functions within work cubicles. Nearing the end of the tour, Julie led her down a hallway. "Remember, I told you we're a fun non–conformist group. This is what I meant. Ashley, this is our restroom." On the door were two figures depicting both male and female sexes. A co–ed restroom! "I know– I was taken aback on my first day too. But come on in."
Inside was a restroom constructed with fixtures and a marble floor commensurate with the building materials in the rest of the office. But Ashley almost blushed as she saw one fixture definitely unfamiliar to a woman's room, a minimally portioned men's urinal next to the twin sinks in wide–open view to one and all. On the opposite side were four conventional stalls albeit with a disconcertingly high gap between the floor and the bottom of the stall door. Julie opened a stall door. "Get a look at this; bet you've never seen a joke john before."
Ashley looked in amazement at the inside of the toilet stall. On the inside of the stall door was a mirror with a sign above reading, "smile if you have a furry one." Lining the stall were humorous if semi–obscene framed pictures, cartoons and a one by three foot framed poem entitled Ode To Peeing. The other three stalls had different but equally shocking humor.
"It takes some getting used to. The boss says he was just trying out an idea he saw from that hit TV show where there's a co–ed restroom. And he claims that since we are an almost completely female firm, the few men didn't want to take the time to go to another floor. But...if you want to know what I really think, come with us girls after work."
At five o'clock, Ashley joined Julie and two other women of the firm at a nearby restaurant/ lounge. That day had proved to her that this job was a going to be definite positive in her budding career. Girl talk grew looser as the effect of the drinks took hold of the foursome. Finally, curiosity got the best of her. "Hey, I thought you were going to tell me something. What is up with the co–ed restroom? Would somebody please tell me something?" The other three dissolved into self–conscious giggles.
"What's wrong? Shy about displaying your bladder skills?" inquired Sandra. Twenty–eight year–old Karen was more succinct.
"I'll put it to you this way. Our CEO's last name is Rainwater for good reason; and the L.P. in his name..." "Yeah, it stands for long pisser. Long pisser!" Julie finished the thought. "Tell me about it," Sandra shot back. "I was in the bathroom one time trying to be quiet when he comes in and pulls out that huge dangler of his and starts up. Well I waited and I waited, and I swear that guy just would not stop going. What's really hilarious is that Kathryn from accounting came in and he was still standing there with that incredible hose pouring out. The poor thing went into a stall, did her thing, and like me...waited for him to get through and leave so she could freshen up at the adjacent sink. Except... he didn't. It got so ridiculously long I couldn't stand it anymore, so I left my stall with as much dignity as I could muster. Get this, as I'm leaving he turned to me and asked if I could call an important client of ours and tell them that he would be delayed for awhile in a meeting. Girls, the only delay I could ever figure out was caused by the endless stream coming out of that world class winger of his." "I'd have stayed and timed him," countered Julie. "Then measured him," added Karen with a laugh. "My whole theory of that restroom is that it provides a somewhat acceptable, if you could call it that, forum to show off his massive bladder and penis," said Sandra with a shake of her head. "He's like a little boy showing–off to all the others that he's the king ruminator, the biggest and the best with the longest penis." Slowly, Julie nodded her head. "Right. But now he's a CEO in a Brioni suit..." Holding her hands far apart, Karen quipped, "with a foot–long fire hose!" Ashley took in the threesome's conversation in stunned silence for a number of reasons she was not yet ready or relaxed enough to divulge to the others.
Over dinner the foursome shared numerous intimacies only single career women could share, and they enjoyed more laughter and stories with dinner drinks. Only on the way out did Julie suddenly confess her need. "Sorry folks, but I really have to pee. Really! Am I the only one?" "No, my tank is on full as well," admitted Karen. "That makes three of us. How about you Ashley?" asked Sandra. The tall redhead thought for a moment before adding, "sure I guess I could go." "Then how about we four making a beeline for our infamous restroom," concluded Julie.
Walking into the empty office building, the group chatted freely as they entered the restroom after hours and thus safe from any male intrusion. They each strode into their respective stalls and in almost simultaneous unison began the task of empting their bladders. Within the restroom, a symphony of splatter commenced, each with a slight variation unique to each woman's peeing style; Karen a steady spray, Julie a staccato–like splatter, while at each end, Sandra and Ashley peed away in steady heavy and heavier streams respectively. It was Sandra who brought up the long forgotten topic of conversation earlier in the evening. "You know it's a damn shame we can't do something," she voiced up amidst the splatter of urine. "Do something about what," said Julie sending a particularly powerful burst into the water below? "Put old L.P. Rainwater in his place," replied Sandra. Two stalls over, Karen called out, "and what are we supposed to do to accomplish this feat?" "Only a crazy thought. It's just that the big blowhard uses that urinal as his exhibitionistic stage every time he comes in here. Whether they verbalize it or not, every woman at this firm who uses this restroom has seen him standing way back, in full view with that big dong of his hanging half way to his knees, peeing away until...until the damn cows come home." The four peed in silence for another half minute before petite Julie's stream tapered–off.
"Well whatever you have in mind, I don't think I have the particular qualifications that you're looking for." She quickly tissued, flushed, and retired to the sink area. Her departure left a minor variation and drop in the decibel output, ignored by the peeing trio. Karen pressed the issue. "I want to know. What do you have in mind? All night we seem to have been talking about L.P. and his giant dick peeing forever." "Forget it," said Sandra. "It was too wild a thought and besides we could never find a female who was capable of pulling it off." Just then Karen's flow dried up and she too left her stall to join Julie by the sink. "OK then, woman of mystery. Be that way. Meet you at the mirror when you're through." The words had barely left her mouth when Sandra's bladder had totally depleted its contents.
Karen took out a brush while Sandra reached in her bag for some lipstick. "You have me really curious. Let me in. What are you thinking about?" "Yes," added Julie to the mix, "what the hell plan do you have for Long Pisser Rainwater?" Taking a deep breath Sandra sighed, "Just for fun, just for revenge, just for the prestige of all we women, wouldn't it be delicious if we could give him back an ounce, or more appropriately, a gallon, of his own medicine? I would give anything to see his expression if, just once, he came in here filled to the max and met his female match. How would he feel if he met his, should we say, Waterloo?" The three laughed at her corny pun. "Sounds kinky and I love it. Too bad it can't happen," Julie answered wistfully. The longtime friends and associates gathered their belongings to leave the restroom when they became aware of a sound, a steady sound, like water from a faucet cascading down to a partially filled sink, except in this case it was coming from the direction of the corner stall. "Hey you guys, wait. Ashley's not done yet," whispered Karen.
The three promptly aborted their departure out of courtesy for the newest member of the group. Julie and Sandra placed their handbags on the marble counter top while Sandra rummaged in hers for more hair spray. Out of conversation, the atmosphere within the restroom took on an odd quiescence save for the steady droning of pee into toilet water. It was very steady and very strong, with no indication of letting up anytime soon. Sandra caught Julie's raised eyebrows. "Shah. Don't say anything. Let's see what happens." Instinctively, Karen looked at her watch. "Believe it or not people, it's eight minutes and running." "Quiet. You'll embarrass her."
From within the stall a voice suddenly chimed in. "Hello. Anybody still here?" "We most certainly are still here Miss Thompson," chortled Julie. "And positively enthralled and impressed." "Good. Sorry I take so long. Whoa pee stream!" Her words came out more like an innocent taken aback by her own powers and abilities rather than a poised young woman. Outside the trio stood mesmerized as more time passed and she continued with her odd confession. "Gee. You were all talking about our boss and all I could think of was, gosh, you mean there's someone else like me out there? I'm not the only one who floods the toilet forever and ever?" A seeming eternity later she came out of the stall to face the speechless trio. "That's 'sure I guess I could go?' My dear do we ever have a request of you and I hope you're uninhibited and deliciously evil. Do us this one little favor. For all the women at this company."
Chapter Two
"Can't we wrap up this meeting," complained L.P. "Why it must be close to five–thirty." The silver haired executive shifted uncomfortably in his seat at the head of the long conference table. Midway down the row of chairs, Sandra, Julie, Karen and Ashley shot knowing glances. L.P. hadn't visited the restroom the entire day that they were sure of. He must be bursting for a pee, reasoned Karen. She and her tight cadre of girlfriends had made certain of that with a steady flow of coffee and bottled water sent to his office throughout the day. As for Ashley, understandable reticence had given way to mischievous enthusiasm and a determination to fill her own giant internal reservoir as full as possible. She would not let her new friends down as wild and kinky as their plan was. Not if she could help it. "Alright, folks. Any other questions can wait until morning. Have a good evening." With that final comment, L.P. rose from his leather chair and left the room.
"Ashley, give him a little time to walk in the restroom and unzip; then follow him in, " urged Sandra. The suggestion was essentially moot as the CEO walked briskly with a perceptible urgency toward the restroom with the foursome in discreet trail. As the door closed behind him Julie held up her arm, paused, and then melodramatically announced, "lights, camera and action!" In her present bladder state, it was a needless call to action. Ashley opened the restroom door and walked in just as the first drops poured out of his penis into the white porcelain of the urinal. Even from her peripheral vision she could see that, if anything, her co–workers had understated his endowment. How could a man store and conceal something so large in his pants, she thought. However mystifying a question that may have been took a backseat to both her need and the awkwardness of the situation.
"Oh dear, I'm so sorry sir! I had no idea anybody was in here. The meeting went on so long that I have to use the facilities." She blushed as she walked past him in a blur of high heel pumps and intoxicating perfume he attempted to ignore. He turned his head to view the long limbed lass. "My dear girl, there's no need to apologize. After all, urination is just a natural bodily function. We at Rainwater & Associates have this co–ed restroom as proof of that." She noted that the conceited bastard made no effort to hide himself as he spoke. From her position diagonally to his left, she could plainly see the twisted stream spew forth from the head of his so aptly named fire hose and hit the wall of the urinal. The glans remained partially covered with foreskin and, surprising to Ashley in light of its length was the slack flaccid appearance of the shaft. Any mysteries of Rainwater's organ took a backseat as an overfilled bladder suddenly called for relief. "In that case sir, I shall put these facilities to good use then." She beamed a smile and made deliberate eye contact as she opened the stall door up, using sheer force of will not to look down at the huge appendage hanging out of his trousers. Quite a departure in attitude from most of his female employees, thought L.P., refreshingly different. 
If he needed any further confirmation, soon the marble tile, the mirror and the ceiling all resonated with a thundering sound uniquely female in origin, only more so. Ashley's urine stream beat down directly into the water of the deep commode, which acted to amplify it many fold. As he silently hissed about his business, to his rear the steady drone continued and continued, well past the usual time of exhaustion that other women at the office demonstrated. Clearly this beautiful "filly" could pee. He smiled as he looked at the constant stream emanating from his own source while simultaneously perking his ears for the expectant termination of sound that would surely come at any moment. Just then he did something he had not done in years since he was a lad at summer camp. He checked his watch! Thirty, sixty, ninety seconds passed and still the steady flow of female urination remained. Constant, loud, and persistent. Two minutes, two thirty...three minutes.
A soothing voice, a young woman's voice reached his ears just then like pure honey. Speaking above the din of her self–made waterfall. "Mr. Rainwater, are you still out there?" That voice sent an odd jolt of emotion throughout his body. "Why, ah, yes Miss Thompson. I am. May I help you?" "I hate to trouble you, but could you go over the phraseology you want me to write for the Peterson account one more time?" "Miss Thompson, the precise nuance is very important, and going over it is too time consuming to go over now." For ten seconds there was silence but for the pulsating of urine into the toilet bowl. "Mr. Rainwater, I realize you're a busy man during the day, and without sounding too crass; well let's just say I know I have plenty of time left in here. Do you?" The very implication of her words struck him like a stiletto and he fought off deeply repressed carnal thoughts as his organ engorged with blood and his stream tapered off. Her innuendo filled the air with a sexual electricity he was not quite sure how to respond to. "Miss Thompson, I...I," he stammered totally out of character. Fortunately, she cut him off. "Please, please accept my sincere apology, sir. That must have sounded so juvenile. I didn't mean for it to come out that way." So beautiful, fresh and innocent a woman behind that door he thought. And exciting. "Don't be absurd. There is nothing to apologize for, Ashley. May I call you Ashley?" Her reply came back especially sugar coated. "But of course sir." Then, above the sound of endlessly pee she added, "I might add that it's rare that I have the privilege of such handsome company. And for this amount of time." 
Again! This time he was positive. She was teasing him, taunting him and laying down the gauntlet just like in his school days long ago. A peeing contest! Only instead of intoxicated fraternity members here was a gorgeous young thing who sounded like a virtual peeing machine, an inexhaustible supply spewing out in a never–ending stream. He looked down as the last drops fell from his penis and listened helplessly but hypnotized to the sounds behind him. A monstrous erection arced before him and touched the wall of the urinal. Incredible. How was it possible to feel such excitement from urinary defeat at the hands, or bladder of this incredible woman? Shamelessly, L.P. closed his eyes and stroked himself to the surreal sounds.
"Mr. Rainwater! My goodness sir!!" Sandra, Karen and Julie stood in the entranceway in feigned astonishment looking at their CEO furiously masturbating. "Ladies. Please, you don't understand. Ladies, please! We can come to an understanding."
Throughout the industry, the female employees of Rainwater & Associates are known to be among the best paid.
Heather