Title: The Wanderer

By: Joe

This story is part fact and part fiction. I'm not saying in what proportion.

There are jobs that suit guys that don't want to settle down. I work in the Oil Industry, moving all around the world, never more than a few months anywhere. It's a fine life if you can handle it. Some guys can't. Good money, and no wife, kids or house to spend it on, they end up gambling, whoring and drinking themselves to death. Me, I'm careful, use my free time to keep fit, save my money for the day I'll need a home. They've offered me a management job here. Maybe I'm getting to old to be a wanderer.... No, I'm as old as I feel....

..and look. I suppose it's having no worries outside the job, and the exercise, but I pass for ten years younger than I am. Take this rock concert, for example, I'm probably one of the oldest guys here, but don't look or feel out of place.

Miss a family? Well, I don't lack for female companionship. A kid, that's a different matter. Wouldn't mind a kid at all. A little girl...

Hell, Joe, what're you thinking! You're a wanderer, boy - what sort of Pop would you make? Relax, enjoy the music, and the sights. More pretty girls than you can shake a stick at. Mostly too young for you, you dirty old man, but real easy on the eye. Now look at that group over there.

The blonde in the short denim skirt, now she's something else, but don't she know it! Two friends, almost as pretty, real tight jeans and tiny tops. Giving the eye to every guy in range. There's a fourth girl, can't really see her for the others. Hello, the set's ending. Time to grab some grub, and a beer - lite of course, got the auto with me.

Everyone rushes for the johns, especially the ladies. Never enough. There's a rush for the bushes too, from both genders. Now... No, wanderers are nature's gentlemen and don't peek, though the girl in the bush next to mine is making not much attempt at concealment. Ah, that's better. A man is always improved by an empty bladder.

Hello, there are these girls again. That blonde sure is pretty. She's playing tig with her friends and a few guys. A naughty kind of tig, it looks like. The fourth girl isn't joining in. She's.... She's... Oh!

*****

I don't know why the first sight of Trudi stunned me. She wasn't as pretty as her blonde friend, for example. But where the others were just girls, this was a woman! Natural brown hair, shoulder length, while the others insisted on rinses, and a woman's body. Not a peck of fat, in fact her skimpy top revealed a tanned waist as trim as any I'd seen, but curves where nature designed curves to be rather than the semi-anorexic fashion look of her friends. Her jeans were a bit looser than her companions', but still showed off a neat butt and nice legs. She was watching the game, a slightly wry expression on her face, a tiny bit sad, I thought. I walked over and stood beside her.

Now, because of what I do, I've probably approached more women cold than most guys. Let me state a blindingly obvious fact that's lost on most of my gender. Women are people - make up half the population in fact. You 'pick up' a dime you see in the street. You 'chat up' a speaking tube. You speak to people, yes even female people, as people. That is without corny or suggestive remarks, or trying to sneak peeks at their boobs. Be interested in them, and they'll be interested in you.

'Hello,' I said, 'I'm Joe.'

'I'm Trudi. Hi Joe.'

'Enjoying the music?'

Yes, guys, it actually is that easy! Trudi liked classical, or genuine hard rock or blues, and loathed middle of the road ballads. Good start. I told her a little about me, let her talk about herself. She liked Italian food. Better and better...

'Hey Trudi!' Her pretty blonde friend interrupted us. The girl was obviously in some distress, moving her weight from foot to foot. Had the game of tig gotten too intimate?

'What is it Ann-Marie?'

'I'm bursting for a pee. What'll I do?'

Had I heard right? 'The portaloos are down that way,' said Trudi, with just the tiniest bit of exasperation in her voice.

'But they smell, and the queues are enormous.'

'Bushes up that way.'

'Oh!' Ann-Marie's blue eyes opened wide. 'I couldn't do that! In public!'

A puzzle indeed, but one which nature solved in her own inevitable way. Ann-Marie gave a strangled gasp, opened her legs, and a clear stream poured from under her tiny skirt. I tried to look away, but couldn't. Fortunately I controlled my erection before Trudi noticed it.

'Oh God,' said Ann-Marie, 'I've wet myself!' She lifted the front of her skirt to reveal flimsy blue nylon panties, almost transparent anyway, totally transparent where she had soaked them. Silently I made my apology - it appeared that Ann-Marie's hair color was completely natural.

'Trudi - you got spare panties?'

'Sorry love. In any case, how could you change without going to the john or the bushes? These panties won't take long to dry, Ann-Marie. Just go for a walk by the lake where it's windy, and try not to sit down or let any guys put their hands up your skirt for a half hour or so.'

'Thanks Trudi.' And off went Ann-Marie, quite happily. I shook my head to clear the air of unreality.

'She doesn't have two braincells to rub together,' sighed Trudi, 'but I'd best be nice to her. She drove me here, and gave me a spare ticket her sister couldn't use.' Was there a slight edge to Trudi's voice. 'It's amazing what a couple of beers will do to some girls.'

'Like a beer... or two?'

She giggled, and I bought her a drink, in a pint glass, like beer's meant to be drunk. The next band was announced, and Trudi took my arm on the way to the stage. She came with Ann-Marie, but I was taking her home - and buying her an Italian meal that evening.

*****

I've seldom enjoyed a rock concert as much. The music wasn't bad either. But eventually the last riff was played, the last song sung.

'Hey Trudi,' Ann-Marie again, apparently none the worse for her little accident, 'want to come to a party.' She and her companions were with a group of guys, and I suspected the party was rather impromptu.

'No thanks, Ann-Marie. Joe's taking me home.' Again a strange note in Trudi's voice.

'If you want, we could go after we've eaten,' I suggested.

'No, parties aren't my scene.'

'OK. Listen, love, if we move fast you can get to the john before the queue...'

'No, I'll be OK till I get home.'

If she said so. The girl certainly had a remarkable bladder. I'd been to the bushes once more, and that was on two pints of lite. Trudi had downed three pints of full strength beer, with no apparent effect. Oh well. I led her to my car, drove her home, walked her to her door.

Odd, not where I'd have expected her to live, a decaying brownstone in a run-down area. 'Right love,' I said, 'pick you up at eight.' 

'Don't be silly, Joe. Come in for a coffee. A tiny room dominated by a big old bed, and hardly anything else. Spotlessly clean and neat, but almost unfurnished, no TV, video, hi-fi. If this was her bedroom, why did the front door open on to it? If it was a bed-sit, why no other furniture? A temporary place, maybe? None of my business anyway.

'Have a seat, ' she indicated a rickety chair. 'I gotta go to the john.' She reappeared a minute later, her face flushed. 'Hell,' she exclaimed.

'What is it Trudi?'

'Zip's stuck. Don't want to ruin the jeans. Can you help Joe?' I tugged manfully, yep, totally jammed.

'Lie on the bed and let me have a closer look.' I spoke without thinking, then waited for her angry reaction. Even to me it sounded like a clumsy come-on.

'OK,' she said calmly. Sternly controlling my arousal I examined her cute crotch. Yes, the reason for the jam was obvious, some white material, her panties presumably, caught in the teeth of the zip.

'Pliers?'

'Bottom drawer, over there.'

A small but adequate set of well used tools. Either there was a man about or this girl did her own repairs. I gripped the top of her jeans on one hand and pulled smoothly but firmly on the tag of the zip, and down it came.

I stopped and gazed down, mouth open...

The material in the zip hadn't been nylon or cotton, it had been plastic. A ruined pair of plastic panties, torn by the zip, gaped open to reveal a bladder shield, on which, I realised , my right hand was resting. A warm bladder shield. Very warm. Very wet.

She looked calmly up at me. 'Knew the toilet facilities would be rotten,' she said, 'and I don't like using the bushes. So I took precautions. You got any problems with that?'

'N-n-no.'

'I can see not.' Her voice was suddenly husky. 'Hey, Joe, you're turned on!' She stroked my bone-hard cock thru my pants. 'Ain't wasting one like that.' She unzipped me in turn, slid out my shaft and lapped at the precum on my glans. Then she laid back on the bed and lifted her bum.

'Joe, fuck me.'

I slid off her jeans and unconventional underwear, taking care to wrap the wet pad up in the plastic, then slid off my own pants and shorts. She was writhing on the bed, her pussy glistening from excitement and her recent pee, her eyes tight shut.

'Quick,' she said, 'quick!'

Which is always my cue to take things real slow. I slid her unfettered boobs out of her inadequate top and licked and sucked at the hard, erect nipples, explored her sex with my fingers, proving that there are some men who know precisely where the clit and g-spot live, then used my tongue. Ah, the sweet taste of aroused woman, with the sharp, sweetish tang of urine as a sauce! Now my prick, playing round her entrance, taking my time.

'For Chrissake! Screw me!!'

Her strength surprised me, as she rolled us both over, knelt astride me, impaled herself fiercely on my organ and fucked me, no other word for it, about as hard as I'd ever been fucked before. If a woman wants to take control, fine by me, and I laid back and enjoyed the ride, lifting and moving my ass at the appropriate moments, but otherwise letting her do all the work, controlling my orgasm, waiting until she had her first and was building to her second before shooting my hot cum fiercely into her as she screamed and swore in multiorgasmic ecstasy. We slowed, stopped. I lifted her gently off me and held her in my arms until the trembling stopped.

The trembling didn't stop. Suddenly I realised she was crying. OK, kiss her gently, make soothing noises, give her a tissue. Don't ask what's wrong, she'll say if she wants to.

'Joe.'

'Yes love?'

'What age would you say I am?'

Dangerous question. Honesty's usually safer than flattery. 'Twenty-five, twenty six?' I guessed.

'I'm thirty-two years old and I have a five year old daughter. She's with my Mom right now.'

OK, I see the problem. Fortunately, when you've been in as many strange and sometimes dangerous places as I have, you carry an identity card with you everywhere, with a date of birth. I kissed her again then got out of bed, fished the card from my pants pocket, and handed it to her. Her eyes widened. Then she smiled. However, I'd a question of my own, the tools, a child...

'Trudi, is there a man in your life? Boyfriend, SO?'

'No?'

'The kid's father?'

'Haven't a clue who he is. I'm an easy lay, or hadn't you noticed?'

'Don't put yourself down, darling.'

'OK. I had a fiancй. I wasn't on the pill because of his religion so we used rubbers. Then I went to a New Years' Eve party, without George, he was away somewhere. There was a lot of drink, and I don't handle it well. Woke up the next morning naked and alone in bed. Didn't know who, or even if there'd been one or several, but I'd been pretty thoroughly serviced. I was ashamed of course, swore my friends to secrecy and hoped George wouldn't find out, but otherwise didn't think much about it until I missed my next period.'

'That was bad luck. What about George?'

'Decent guy. Just naturally assumed a faulty sheath and was willing to stand by me. I couldn't deceive him like that, and, of course, as soon as he knew he wasn't the father...'

Hence the poor area, sparse room. 'Never easy for a single Mom,' I sympathised.

'Tell me about it. Keep myself in shape and get my needs seen to, but as soon as I tell a guy about the kid he's out the door.' Which just goes to show, I thought, that most of my gender can't see past the ends of their cocks. 'Employers don't normally rush to offer you work either,' she continued.

'Hell Trudi,' I protested, 'haven't known you long but I know you're pretty bright.'

'Oh yea? Tell you something that puts employers off more than a single mother? How about a single Mom with a magna cum laude...' I let her cry. Poor, proud Trudi, scraping along, accepting lifts and concert tickets from someone like Ann-Marie. She dried her eyes and looked up at me.

'Goodbye Joe.'

'What the hell...'

'Don't get involved.'

'I am involved. I'm taking you for a meal, remember.'

'You don't have to pay for the use of my body.'

'Jesus H. Christ!! What sort of a creep do you think I am? I'm taking you out because I want to take you out, because you're sweet, and sexy, and a real, serious person. I'm in your life woman, and before you try to chuck me out, remember I'm bigger than you, and I'm not going!'

She grinned at me. Then she was suddenly serious, thoughtful.

'Joe, when you got so turned on there, I thought it was 'cos you were opening my jeans...'

'That would turn any man on.'

'And what you found would turn most off. Same with Ann-Marie. Wasn't her panty show that gave you a boner. Joe, you're turned on by a girl peeing herself.'

'Always was a fantasy of mine.'

'I like wetting myself. What I did today was convenient, but I enjoyed it too. I considered going in a real short skirt and skimpy panties like Ann-Marie and opening my legs whenever the need arose, except I would've planned to do it. Joe, I sometimes wear diapers at night, not 'cos I need to. Cos I like to.' 

'I think I'm gonna enjoy my date tonite.'

'Oh God, look at the time! I've to tidy up, wash, find somethin' disgraceful to wear. You'll want to change too, darling.' She threw me my clothes. 'Come on lover. Out!'

*****

It takes a real woman to wear a micro-minidress, someone with a bit of know-how and savvy. The garment's wasted on teenagers. This one was crotch high, white, real tight round the butt, revealing the lines of high sided panties underneath. She was also wearing thigh high black nylon hold-ups, white mules and, definitely, no bra. The outfit was inexpensive, probably second hand, and, on most women, cheap. Trudi wore it like a Princess, as she thoroughly enjoyed her meal, and our dances to the restaurant band.

She enjoyed most of the wine too - well I was driving again - and on top of the beer she'd had earlier, it was having an effect. A very pleasant effect, as my delightful companion relaxed, got a tiny bit tiddly, and revealed the happy, flirty party girl who'd been so horribly caught six years ago.

She also, I noticed, didn't visit the washroom, and I was quite relieved to get her out of the restaurant without mishap. No way was she going straight home, and we went to an all-night coffee bar, where she sat on a high stool showing just enough leg to tease the men to distraction. We chatted, drank coffee, listened to the loud music. There was a slot machine on the other side of the room, the well lit part, and she decided she would play it and slid off her stool.

Well, the sight blew my mind, and I'd been half expecting it all evening. What it did for everyone else didn't bear thinking about. I investigated her stool, slightly damp, but that was all, no puddle underneath. Yet the back of her skirt was soaked thru, the white material almost transparent, showing a pair of very sexy, very wet, deep pink panties underneath. She stood, legs apart, concentrating totally on the machine, and with every pull of the handle she got a little wetter. A weird thing to say, but it was an excellent display of bladder control, letting just a tiny dribble out each time, not making a puddle, getting the maximum wet from the minimum pee.

There was a cascade of coins from the machine, and a cascade of a different kind from Trudi. Still no puddle but she was definitely beginning to drip. I went over and put a protective arm round her.

'Quit while you're ahead?'

'Yes,' she said calmly, 'time for a screw.' She bent down, to a chorus of male groans, and collected her winnings, then took my arm as I walked her to the auto. I took a plastic sheet and some old towels from the trunk, and spread them on the seat.

'Hey Joe,' she sounded annoyed, 'I'm not about to piss on your upholstery.'

'No, but you'll mess it if you sit on it like that.'

Her eyes widened and she looked down at her skirt. 'My God,' she squealed, 'I'm wet!' She went over to a store window and inspected her image, back and front. 'Was I like that at the restaurant?'

'No.'

'Coffee bar?'

'Yes, especially when you were playing the machine.'

'Ooooh,' she gurgled, wiggling provocatively across to me, 'were you turned on?' Carefully, almost luxuriantly, she peed down one nylon clad leg, making a little puddle on the sidewalk, still nowhere near a bladderful. Trudi sober, I decided, was a lovely lady. Trudi drunk was the worst flirt I'd ever come across. She took a towel from me and pushed it against her wet things until the dripping stopped, then placed it with the others on the auto seat and climbed in.

'I can still stop myself from wetting in the auto,' she pouted. I started the engine, then looked straight out of the windshield, trying desperately to ignore what was happening on the seat beside me. Trudi's method of not peeing in the auto was, it seemed, to pull her skirt up round her waist and press both hands into her soaked crotch, bouncing and wriggling her firm buns on the seat and making little groaning and gasping noises. I could just about keep on a straight course, the main problem was missing oncoming autos as they swerved towards us. We got back to her place without mishap, of either kind. She made an event of getting out of the car, then stood, legs apart, hands on hips, on the sidewalk.

'Don't want to have an accident on the stairs,' she said calmly, and I heard a gentle, splashing sound. Still only a very small puddle. Again she pressed the towels against her, then handed them to me to carry up the stairs.

As we crossed her threshold, I wondered what would happen next. She was still due a major wet, but it wouldn't be on this threadbare but spotlessly clean carpet, or anywhere in her well kept little nest. Somehow I didn't think the commode or bath would serve either. 

She turned and kissed me deeply, while I ran a hand over her warm, wet ass. Then she pulled away, took a plastic sheet from a cupboard and threw it on the bed. A couple of old towels followed. OK, that would absorb a bit of an accident, but not a full adult bladderful. She bent to open a bottom drawer, giving me an exquisite glimpse of her stained panties, and pulled out something large and white, also something clear and plasticy. 

'Joe, I've been a bad girl,' she said.

'No, darling, you've been perfect.'

She wrinkled her nose, displeased with my reply. 'I've been acting like a baby,' she said. 'Better diaper me.'

'OK.' I carefully stripped her, leaving her soiled clothes with the towels from the auto, then lifted her on to the bed.

'Wipes and powder in the washroom,' she said. In I went, like the fool I am. When I came out she was pressing her lovely naked body against the window, curtains open, on display for anyone in the street or the block opposite to see. I pulled her away.

'I've been a bad girl,' she said slowly, as if speaking to an idiot.

'Yes, you have!' sitting on the bed, I spanked her pretty butt soundly, but very gently. Hurting people's not my scene. Then I laid her on the bed, her cute little nipples rock hard, and diapered her, somewhat inexpertly. The size of an adult diaper surprised me, and I'd never even diapered a baby. With Trudi's expert advice, however, I eventually got the thing on her, and pulled the plastic panties over it. God, but she looked cute in her diapers!

'I'm going to bring myself off first,' she said calmly. Then I'll see to you.'

'Want any help?' I slid my hand thru the leg of her panties, under her diaper. She was already hot her moist sex oozing desire. She arched to meet me, her hands cupping her breast.

'Ooooh, that's good! No, you get your clothes off, love, but speak to me while I'm frigging myself. By the time I had stripped off she was well away, both hands down the diaper, writhing on the bed.

'How did you get into this?' I asked, not expecting an answer.

'Lived in the country when I was young,' she said between gasps. 'Just Mom and myself. It was a long drive into the city, and Mom got tired of me whining for her to stop, or having little girl accidents, so she started diapering me for the journey. I got to like the feeling of being able to wet whenever I wanted, and to enjoy the feel of hot pee swishing into my plastic panties. I hated being changed into big girl underwear once we arrived, and I'd kinda got used to not bothering to hold it in, so I had lots of accidents. Eventually, she just kept me in diapers for the whole trip. Took me into the washroom and changed me before the journey back.'

'Then I reached puberty and found out about my body, and how nice it was to frig yourself in a diaper, and wet at the same time. I became more unreliable rather than less, and Mom bought bigger diapers, and put me in disposables for special occasions where accidents couldn't be contemplated. Eeeeek!'

Her climax took her, and I gritted my teeth so as not to shoot off all over her. My cock was rigid. How much more could I stand?

She gave a little sigh and continued, frigging herself harder than before as I sucked on her nipples. 'Eventually, we moved to the city,' she said. 'I was sixteen, and decided I was much too old for that sort of nonsense, so the diapers and plastic pants were put away. I was never totally reliable, though. Peeing and cumming were too interlinked in my mind, and if I got hot, I got wet. Also, sometimes, I'd just forget I didn't wear diapers any more, and leak. As I got older, I got better. I was kinda promiscuous at College, and while guys don't mind pulling damp panties off a girl, they're usually put off by dripping ones. Oooooooooh!!!!'

I watched with interest the precum oozing from my cock and thought of America. No good. I thought of Bahrain, Oman, Nigeria, the bloody North Sea! Better. The delightful, horrible little torturer on the bed licked me clean, smacked her lips, and went on.

'Then I graduated, left home, got a job, met George, and the diapers stayed in a drawer. Sometimes, if I was sleeping alone, I'd use them at night. Sometimes I'd put on pretty panties and a short skirt and wet myself in a park. Mostly I was pretty normal. Then Jenny came along.'

'Jenny?'

'My baby. So I was lonely, depressed, hungry sometimes, and surrounded by baby gear. Wetting myself was the only fun I got sometimes. When Jenny came out of diapers, well, I didn't. I just love it and I don't care.... Oh! Oh! OH MY GOD!!'

I climbed on the bed beside her and held her juddering body close to me. The front of her diaper and rubber pants began to darken with her release. I could hear her urine escape thru her inexpertly pinned diaper and spatter against the plastic of her panties, as she arched her hips off the bed. As I kissed her, her crotch went a golden yellow and she writhed, pressing her warm, bulky, plastic clad pudenda into me, wrapping one leg over my hip. I could feel the hot pee flooding into her soft diaper against my rigid cock.

At last the flow stopped, I moved the plastic pants and soaked diaper to one side, exposing her wet, eager sex. No way of getting a tongue in, but my fingers found her wet, oozing clit, and penetrated further, searching for the g-spot. She begged me to use my cock, swore at me, but it was my turn to tease. I withdrew my fingers and lifted them to my lips, tasting her nectar. She writhed out of control, as if in a fit, as I climbed astride her and opened her legs wider, pulling the diaper further to the side, hearing it squish wetly as I thrust in my eager shaft.

I rammed into her, my pubic hair matting against the wet cotton. She raised her hips to meet me thrust for thrust. Her nails raked my back. It was going to be quick but intense. Oh my God! Oh sweet Christ!! The intensity of my orgasm was almost painful, as was the sensation in my ear as she screamed her ecstasy. My cock spasmed, shooting more and more jism deep into her. We shivered, slowed, came to a panting, gasping halt.

She looked up at me adoringly. 'Don't just lie there,' she said. 'I need changed.'

*****

So, thoroughly bathed and powdered, in her nice dry diaper and pretty pink rubber pants, my baby snuggled into me. And in the morning a wild eager woman in hot, soaked diapers proved to me that I was NOT to old to manage a third, especially when she had a skilful tongue and sucking, pouty lips to help me on my way. Then we showered together, she dressed in sensible working jeans and top, and I helped her clean and tidy the place, including a quite essential visit to the laundrette. An unremarkable morning. Unremarkable? I was Joe the wanderer, wouldn't be seen dead among this cosy domesticity, much less enjoying it. Would I?

She cooked a simple lunch in her tiny kitchen, and afterwards I removed her sensible but sopping wet jeans and her not so sensible but equally soaked red lace g-string, gave her cute little bum the smack it deserved, finger fucked her to climax, cleaned her up, and mopped up the puddle on the kitchen floor. Then I stood over her until she peed in the commode. After all, we were going to her Mother's to pick up her daughter and we didn't want any accidents, did we? And no, she could NOT wear a disposable.

Then I met a handsome woman who treated me kindly, although she could only regard me as yet another man screwing up her daughter's life, and a quiet, huge eyed little angel of a child, who proved later to be as noisy and sassy a little devil as ever gave a guy a hard time all afternoon. Eventually, however, a tired Sally was put to bed, assuring me solemnly she was a big girl, and didn't do pi-pis in the bed any more. Later, Sally's Mummy proved to me yet again she was a big girl, and did do pi-pis in the bed, and anywhere else I let her, but I didn't stay the night. Sally didn't know me well enough to accept my presence the next morning, and anyway, I have to leave early to go offshore. It'll give me a few days to think, and also, to be honest, for my poor overworked gonads to recover.

But I'll be back. I have to be. I made a solemn promise to no less a personage than Squirrel Nutkin that I would take Jenny and Jenny's Mummy to the zoo...

You know, I might accept that managerial job after all!



