Morning Fun
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by wetter18 on January 3rd, 2011 at 2:04AM

Ellen walked into the bathroom and knew immediately she was running late because all the other girls were almost ready and a queue for the showers had already built up. She did not relish the idea of standing out in the cold waiting for one of the cubicles to become free. She silently thanked herself for wearing her dressing gown today, normally she didn’t bother as she was rather lazy and would get out of bed and walk strait to the bathroom in the nude. Since they all lived and went to school together, shared rooms and small spaces for so long all the girls of the house had gotten comfortable with each other and there was no problem with nudity but today she had put something on because she’s had another one of her dreams. 

From time to time Ellen would have vivid dreams of all her dirtiest fantasies and all though she loved having them they posed the delicate problem of waking up in a room shared with 5 other girls with a sopping wet pussy and a burning desire to fill it with anything from her own fingers to her electric toothbrush. So to avoid awkwardness she had thrown on her gown to cover her puffy red excited lips and the beads of her girls cum which were now rolling down her legs. She desperately needed a wank, and to get out of this cold, how long did people take to shower. 

Spotting Frankie’s towel hanging out side one of the showers she skipped the small queue pulled back the curtain and stepped in. This was quite common during busy times of the day like mornings when people couldn’t be bothered to wait for their own cubicle. Inside Frankie was stood facing the back wall engrossed in rubbing shampoo into her hair and so didn’t notice Ellen’s quite entrance. Ellen took a the opportunity to have a good look, starting with her legs her eyes traced a line up her long olive skinned legs to her small tight ass.

Lingering here she thought to herself how beautiful the creature before her was and all the things she would to that ass if she was allowed. Just then the water slowed to a few drips then stopped all together, in an effort to save water the school’s showers were operated by a button which, when pushed, would give you a few minutes of water before needing to be pushed again. Still focused on her long locks of curly hair Frankie seemed to be quite content to leave the water off for now. 

Ellen didn’t mind this either but as she continued checking out Frankie’s adorable backside something strange caught her eye. Along with the rest of the drips that were meandering down Frankie’s body there was a more powerful stream running down the inside of her right leg. Ellen felt a tingle in her pussy as she realised what was happening, the slightly salty smell, the golden pool forming at the drain, she was watching her best friend pee herself. 

She could have watched stayed and watch for hours but she was so close, she felt like watching was a waste of this glorious opportunity. Reaching out she gave Frankie a friendly pinch on her butt to announce her presence making sure her index and middle finger went into the golden stream coming from her pussy allowing the warm liquid to coat her finger tips and run down into the palm of her hand. 

Surprised Frankie spun round quickly to see who had caught her relieving herself. She could never be bothered to go to the toilet in the morning and quite enjoyed the feeling of warmth flowing down her leg. What she really liked about it was how dirty it made her feel but she felt embarrassed about this and made sure no one found out about her little ‘accidents’. She was now standing face to face with Ellen but was finding it difficult to stop mid flow. In a desperate attempt she clamped her hand down on her pussy to try and block the stream but inevitably it just spurted out of the gaps between her fingers. Eventually the flow died down and Frankie removed her now soaking hand from between her legs. Ellen lifted her eyes up to meet Frankie’s, a panicked expression had spread across her face.

“I’m so sorry you had to see that” 

“don’t worry about it , it’s only a bit of wee” 

“yeah I know but, I don’t normally go in the showers, it’s just I...” 

“listen its mostly water anyway, there’s nothing gross about that, the only difference” she said grinning “is that it came out of that lovely pussy of yours “what’s gross about your pussy, I bet you love it the rest of the time” she said reaching forward and tracing her finger over Frankie’s slit causing giggles. 

“well I can see you love yours” Frankie said looking down at Ellen’s swollen and excited lips 

“oh yeah, I had another sex dream last night and woke up really horny, I think I’ll have to go for a wank in the toilets after this or I’ll get my panties all soggy” 

“oh who has time to go to the toilets these days, you saw me peeing, now it’s time for you to provide some entertainment” she said with a wink. Ellen weighed up the suggestion in her head, on one hand she was already late and Frankie could just be joking, which would be really awkward if she starting fingering herself. On the other hand she really did need some relief and always did like being watched, especially a hot wet naked girl with pee still dripping down her leg. Another tingle from between her legs made the decision for her. 

“oh Frankie you know I could never say no to you” 

With that Ellen leaned against the corner of the cubicle and spreading her legs in front of her, she bent her knees exposing her now desperate pussy. She started by slowly grabbing her tits, pushing them together, squeezing them in her hands, then pinching and rolling her stiff nipple between her fingers. Her hands worked slowly down her body, her fingertips just touching her body as she moved them down her stomach round over her round ass , along her legs and back down her thighs moaning at the tingling tickily sensation this produced in her skin. Then taking the two fingers still covered in Frankie’s warm piss she gently wiped the beads of girls cum that were forming on her lips before slowly lifting her fingers to her mouth and sucking them dry. 

The taste was incredible, the taste of her own excitement that she had come to know and love mixed with the more exotic tanginess of Frankie’s contribution. As she did this she realised what she was doing, as she and Frankie shared a room together they had obviously seen each other masturbating countless times before, they had even had little experiments with each other’s bodies but now here she was legs spread in the shower, performing for her friend while sucking her piss of her cum soaked finger. She was a very dirty girl. And she was loving it. 

“Eww, that finger is still covered in my wee, who are you and what have you done with my goodie two shoes of a roommate” 

“maybe I’m dirtier than you think, and for all your mouths objections, your pussy doesn’t seem to mind” 

She was right, Frankie was enjoying the show and her hand had started to move south to pay some attention to her moistening pussy. Seeing how much Frankie was enjoying it she decided to give her a bit more of a show. Turning round so her stiff nipples were pressed against the cold wall she lifted her ass up high and spread her legs revealing not just her juicy pussy but her tight rosebud asshole as well. 

Closing her eyes she continued to flick and circle her slit with her left hand while one finger of her right positioned itself in front of her pussy. With a small push and an ecstatic intake of breath the finger was lost into Ellen’s warm wet insides. Ellen was starting to feel the beginning of the end and in desperation slotted another finger into her tight young hole pushing them in faster and harder, a third. She was interrupted from moans behind her. 

“Oh yeah you like this” she said breathily “you like watching your friend’s ass in your face, like watching her shove her fingers into her tight hole, you getting off on this you slut” 

“I like your cute bumhole” was the husky voices surprising reply and without any time to think about what that last statement meant Ellen was shocked to feel another digit touching her. Already slick from Frankie’s own soaking wet pussy her finger prodded and flicked Ellen’s tight undiscovered hole, rubbing and probing its surface .

“Frankie what are you doing back....” Ellen started before she was cut off by a powerful orgasm raging through her body as Frankie shoved her finger into Ellen’s tightest hole. So tight in fact that Frankie found her finger stuck as the powerful contractions clamped down on it, only after the orgasm finally subsided could she slide it out. 

“wow, thanks a lot for that, that was one of the best orgasms I’ve ever had” 

“I know its great isn’t it” 

“you mean you’ve done this before, put your finger... in your bum” Frankie blushed and look down at the floor, that was as obvious a yes as if she had shouted it. 

“don’t you get, you know, smelly fingers” 

“I don’t think there smelly” and with that Frankie stuck out her tongue and wiped the index finger she had used down it before sticking in her mouth for a more thorough cleaning. Ellen watched transfixed at her friend licked the finger that had been in her ass, feeling herself get turned on all over again by this dirty deed. 

“Wow I never saw that coming” 

“well, I’m a lot dirtier than you think” she said with a wink and a wicked smile “and I think you love it” 

“oh I do, Frankie, its hot” 

She reach out and hit the button for more water, but was met with only a metallic squeak and few drops. Both girls look at each other in horror, finally notice the silence that had surrounded them. Now they were really late and the water for the showers had already been turned off. 

“Shit we better go, I’ll have to shower tonight instead” Ellen said leaving 

“I can’t, I’ve still got all this shampoo in my hair” 

“You can wash it off in the sink...what are you doing?” While she was speaking Frankie had got on her knees and her hands, placed on the inside of Ellen’s thighs, were trying to push her legs open. 

“Frankie we don’t have time for this, we need to get that shampoo out of your hair and get to breakfast” 

“That’s what I’m doing if you would just open your legs...” Confused Ellen obliged and stood with her legs as wide apart as the cubicle would allow. With a cry of relief Frankie crawled beneath them and knelt on the floor, looking up at Ellen, her forehead inches from her hairless pussy. 

“Now you still need to go for your morning pee and I need that to wash my hair” Ellen’s stomach flipped as she realised what her friend was asking, this was a dream come true, she had imagined this a million times over late at night in her bed with her fingers inside her, but now she was scared Frankie would find out about her fetish. 

“You want me to wee on your head...Frankie I can’t do that. 

“Why not, it’s only water right, come on help me out” 

“But it’s gross, you’d have to go around school all with my wee on you” 

“Well mines already all over my legs, a little more can’t hurt, come on we’re going to be late” 

“Frankie, it’s too weird” 

“Don’t lie to me you slut, your pussy is leaking all over my face, I can taste how much you want to” 

Frankie was right, this was the sexiest thing she could imagine and though she was trying to hide it with her face her pussy couldn’t lie. It had remoistened the instant Frankie got on her knees and now it was positively dripping on Frankie’s face and hair. 

“Okay” Ellen said finally giving in to the sensuality of the moment “if you want it you have to beg for it” 

“Please Mrs Johnson can I have some of your wee wee” 

“and where do you want it little slut” 

“on my hair then all over my face and body” 

“And why would I give it to you” 

“because I’m your dirty little slut” 

“Okay now put it all together” 

“Please Mrs Ellen Johnson, can you piss all over my hair and face so I can be you dirty little slut” 

A golden stream leapt from Ellen’s urethra hitting Frankie square in the forehead. Frankie who was not anticipating the power or pace of the gushing torrent yelped slightly and closed her eyes but managed not to flinch or move backwards. Adjusting her pelvis, Ellen managed to redirect the stream moving it up Frankie’s forehead and onto her curly mass of hair. 

The hair darkened as the golden liquid flowed around it and soaked into it, trickles still coming over Frankie’s forehead and forming thin rivulets which arced down her face, over her eyelid, round her nostril and over her deep red smirking mouth a bright pink tongue occasionally darting out to taste the precious liquid. Looking down Ellen saw the last of the white lather mixing with her piss and flowing down Frankie’s back, knowing her job was done she shifted her hips again, it was time to have some fun. 

“lie down on your back” Ellen commanded. Frankie was quick to comply, swiftly lying down in the newly formed puddle whilst never letting her head come out of the warm stream. 

“Now open your mouth”. Frankie’s lips split into a massive grin as she saw Ellen walking towards her one foot either side of her head, slowly squatting down.

As soon as the first splashes touched her lips she opened them as wide as she could to get as much of Ellen’s nectar as she could. She swallowed as fast as she could but the torrent was too fast for her and inevitably Ellen’s pee filled her mouth to the brim and bubbled down her soft cheeks. 

Seeing this Ellen stood up again and one foot either side of her body walk down towards Frankie’s legs. As she walked the stream splattered over her chin, down her neck onto her pert round C cups, the liquid running of these stunning hills flowing down through the gap between the twin peaks and washing out on Frankie’s tight flat stomach which in turn got hit by the seemingly never ending stream. 

Happy that Frankie was suitably drenched in her piss she squatted again, this time over Frankie’s erect clit. In a last final push Ellen tensed her whole body and the was rewarded with a waterfall of piss raining down on Frankie’s clit, some splashing up and onto her own pussy with the impact the rest running between the fold of Frankie’s pussy. This was to much for Frankie who had been in ecstasy since the first drop, a wave of pleasure spread from her soaking clit raced up her body and reaching her head came racing back down meeting another oncoming wave. The collision made every hair on Frankie’s body stand on end, and closing her eyes she let out a bestial roar of delight.

Hearing this Ellen turned to see Frankie, her hand racing down to work her desperate clit but before it even got there she saw her naked best friend, lying in a puddle of her piss utterly drenched in it from head to foot, eyes rolling back in ecstasy and she too closed her eyes and collapsed in a fit of pleasure. 

After a few second of recovery and heavy breathing both girls clumsily started to stand up and walk out. Frankie bent over to pick up her products and seeing her perfect ass in her face, Ellen couldn’t resist winding back her arms and smacking it with all her force leaving a large red handprint across the left cheek.

“Owww, what was that for” Frankie sd instantly standing up and staring her in the face. “For being a good little slut” and they both burst into a fit of giggles. 

“well you better watch out, maybe next time I won’t be the slut” Frankie said with a wink and walked out of the cubicle.

