Subject : Cinema Trip

Submitter : Alicia

This is true & happenned last week. It was my lucky day. Thursiday I won two tickets from FM-96 to see the Titanic (The James Cameron Film). The tickets were for Friday night.

I hadn't been out for a long time (with my son being sick) I was looking foward to a night out. I was just going to use one of the tickets, since I had no one to go with. But then I found out that he movie doesn't end until 10 past midnight, after the final bus would leave the theatre.

I was doomed to a night in. I mentioned it to my coffe pal, Mr. Kelsey. He drives me to the hospital to see my son & drives me around to pay my bills. (We met last year after I stepped off my porch to get my newspaper & the door blew shut. I was dressed only in panties & t-shirt- will send that tale in soon.) He offered to drop me off & pick me back up.

I invited him to stay since I had two tickets. He agrred since he hadn't been to a movie in more than 15 years.

We arrived at the theatre at 7:45 to get good seats, because the movie started at 8:30. We arrived too late to get real good seats. The only two fairly good seats that were together were about samck middle of he theatre. We had to get in past 20 people at least to get to our seats. The place was sold out, not an empty seat in the house.

Because of the amount of people in the theatre, they brought out snacks on a cart, instead of making us go out to the snack-bar.

I got a root-beer and popcorn & settled in for the movie.

Boy was it a long movie. About an hour into the movie, I felt that familiar feeling in my bladder. I knew that I would have to go soon. But the movie was good good & Leonardo is so cute. I figured I would wait until he movie finished.

All the water in the film was making it harder to concentreate & hold it, but I was managing.

About 2 1/2 hours into the film my need grew more urgent, but I did not want to bother anyone by getting up. I had never seen such a filled theatre much less one so quiet. Everyone was respectful of everyone else. I decided to wait.

I was embarrassed when Rose posed naked for Jack to paint her. I mean I was sitting next to Mr. Kelsey. He's like 60 years old. I didn't like it when they tried to frame Jack (Leonardo) with stealing the necklace.

The story was so intriguing that I would not have left my seat no matter what.

My bladder was growing more & more impatient.

Soon, the boat sank, Rose was rescued & the credits came on. Many of the people in our row were the kind that has to watch the credits, so we were stuck for a while. The credits seemed to go on forever, at least 10 minutes. I guess when you make a $300million movie a lot of people are involved. 

Finally, the theatre was emptying. I told Mr. Kelsey that I had to go to the bathroom & he said he did too, so off we went. 

There was such a line-up. Mr. Kelsey was done, even before I got into the bathroom. He came back to my line & told me he was going outside to warm up the car & not to worry that he would wait.

The line-up was going very very slow. There was more women than me doing the have-to-pee-so-bad dance. I am finally in the bathroom about two in the cue for the stalls, when I can't hold it anymore & the floodgates opened. I tried to wait but I couldn't and I couldn't stop. There was no way that I could save any face. Just as I finished the stall door opened & I went it to survey the damage.

I could hear the other women laughing at me & one woman said why did she go in there if I already peed & if I didn't hurry she might have an accident too. I didn't know what to do. I figured that I should just bite the bullet & face the music so I left the stall.

My jeans were wet to my ankles & there was no way to hide it. To make matters worse I had to go out into the lobby to get out side & there was a lot of men waiting for their wives or girlfirends. I heard a few comments. I had to get outside to Mr. Kelsey's car.

Oh no, what was I going to do, what was I going to tell him. Now all the people in the lobby were not my main concern.

I debated a minute or so & went out to Mr. Kelsey's car. I stood outside in the freezing weather but did not get in. Mr. Kelsey rolled down the window & asked me what was wrong. I was crying & told him that I had an accident & couldn't make it to the bathroom. He got out to take a look at me. He expressed concern for my feelings & concern for his car. He said I couldn't stay outside because I would catch pnuemonia in wet pants, but that I couldn't get in his car like that. I said what choice do I have. He said walk to the coffee shop 2 blocks away or take off my pants.

I chose to take off my pants & panties too. Again I heard a few comments frome people outside, but I didn't care. I used the dry parts of my jeans to clean myself up a bit & got in Mr. Kelsey's car. 

He didn't say much & was emabrrased to have a half naked woman in his car, & I was quite embarrassed too. I like to be a bit of a show off, but the ride home was at least 20 minutes, & that was a bit much too bear. I kept my hands in my lap to cover myself as best I could.

We were almost home when I had to pee again very urgently. I told Mr. Kelsey. He turned into the subdivision & pulled over I jumped out of the car & let go again. Much to my dismay there was an old woman walking her poodle. She called me disgraceful. I got back in Mr. Kelsey's car & we went home. Mr. Kelsey pulled into his driveway which is three doors down from mine & shut off the car. I thought he would drop me off in front of my house in the condition that I was, but he did not. He did walk me home though. Boy was I embarrased. He asked if he could come in for a coffee, like we usually do in the morning. I said yes, so we went inside. He offered to make the coffee while I got something to put on. He is so nice. I went upstairs & put on my usual bedtime atire - panties & t-shirt and went downstairs for the coffee.

Mr Kelsey was waiting in the kitchen at the table. He has the coffee ready already.

We talked & he told me not to be ashamed or embarrassed because of my accident, that it could happen to anybody. He asked me if I still wanted a ride to the hospital the next day to see my son. I said yes & he said okay then, see you tomorrow. I walked him to the door. When we got there he took me in his arms & kissed me, not just a thankyou or good-bye kiss but a real kiss. He said, excuse me I'm sorry & quickly left.

It left me feeling quite confused. I mean he is my coffee buddy & at least 60 & I will be only 30 this year. I found myself attracted to him. I went up to bed & had a dream about the Titanic with me as Rose & him as Jack. That was really wierd.

The next morning he was back at my door, for coffee & to drive me. He said sorry for kissing me last night & went to sit at the table. When he was sitting at the table the table I came over to him & kissed him & put his hand on my boob. He stiffened like he was scared, but so was I. We kissed & kissed & kissed, for about 15 minutes, all the time he was playing with my boobs, but then he stopped suddenly & said that this was wrong. I said no I really want to, but he said he was too old & we shouldn't. He was firm on that matter.

We finished our coffee & he drove me. He came back to pick me up & we went home. We went in for more coffee & I tried to kiss him again but he wouldn't let me. He went back home after he finished his coffee. I felt like I had lost my best friend.

I went over to his house to tell him how I felt. He told me that I would never lose him as a friend no matter what. He told me that it would be wrong to get involved with each other because of our ages even though we were attraced to each other. I said I guess so but the next thing I know he was kissing me again. He even had his hands on my boobs. Then he froze & said no no no, but I kept on kissing him.

We didn't go any further. & I eventually went home. Tuesday he came back over for coffee in the morning. I was still in my sleeping atire as I usually am in the morning. He said we have to stop this other activity. I look at him with big eyes, stood up & took off my t-shirt. I was standing in front of him in just my panties. He looked me up & down & didn't look away. I moved over to him & started kissing him. We moved into the living room & onto the couch, still kissing all the way. He was touching me all over & kissing me all over & I was doing the same to him. He stuck his toungue in my ear & I had my first non-selfmade orgasm in about 4 years. I wanted to have sex but he said no. He went home then.

He does come over every morning for coffee & we kiss & stuff even though he puts up some resistance. But we haved made love totally yet. I hope to soon.

