Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental & Deliberate Wetting.
Day 1 Finally it was the first evening of the festival. Ann and Linda had enjoyed themselves all day at the main event and now it was time to go for the walking. They had eaten at Linda her house (the four girls only, like each year, the husbands were at the terrain helping out as volunteers like each year) and now they had changed into the walking clothes and were ready to go out. They were all wearing the black glistering leggings, a lose t–shirt over it and sneakers with sneaker socks. The mothers had agreed it was a comfortable walking outfit and had happily paid for the whole package. Like each year they had backpacks with drinks in them, only Linda had put in to much drinks to make sure their mothers would have to go.Arriving on the starting point they got their route card and the stamp form for the medal at the end. They were told not to strail from the paths, last year people had done so and thereby damaged the natural environment. The owners of the terrain had let the organizing comity know that if this happened again they would not give permission next year for the walk. There were officials walking around, and anyone caught would be thrown out of the walk without the possibility to come back, ever again. This was a very serious warning and they realised this was for real. Not that they had ever strailed from the tracks, far from it, but the warning was clear. When they wanted to leave one of the officials walked to them and told them they were walking together for the tenth time. Two mothers with their daughter and the local news paper wanted to write a small article about it if they didn't mind. They didn't of course and they made an arrangement with the official that each day after the walk they would talk with him about the trail of that day and how it had been and he would write the article from that. Then finally they could go. Like the last few years they had chosen the longest trails and they walked off into nature at a quick pace.During their walk they encountered some officials indeed checking for people walking off the trails and just before they reached the resting point a woman was expelled from the walk for doing just that. "But I have to pee! That should be an exception!" "No exceptions madam! You were warned, I remember warning you! This is the consequence!" Ann and Linda looked at each other. Their mothers would never take that risk, certainly not now they were going to get into the paper! Linda's mother (Carie) was already showing signs of needing to go, but clearly disapproved of the woman's behaviour. After ten minutes Ann's mother (Gael) commented she was starting to feel the need to pee and was glad they were nearing the rest–stop so she could go pee. Ann and Linda had agreed they didn't know of this years lack of toilet facilities (they had only heard coincidentally) so they didn't respond. A few minutes later they came across a angry woman shouting at one of the officials. "If there are no toilets at the rest stop, and we can't go into the bushes, where do we pee then? Tell me that? Why haven't you ordered port–a–potty's or so? You men can think of nothing, can you?" with that she dropped her pants and panties and peed on the ground, over the shoes of the clearly embarrassed official. "Look lady, we wanted to order the port–a–potty's but the city couldn't pay for port–a–potty's here as well, and the commity haven't got enough funds to arrange it ourselves." After that he walked away to clean his shoes."Oh my, no toilets, now that is a problem!" Carie said. They all agreed it was a problem, though the girls were in fact delighted their plan had worked this well. "I wish you hadn't supplied us with so many drinks Linda" Gael commented "that is only making matters worse." They entered the rest area and were treated with the sight of about forty squatting woman and man walking around whistling and making pictures. "I guess that is not an option for us." Linda commented, hinting at their mothers indecent–proposal clause in their contracts. As teachers their mothers were automatically fired if they were caught exposing themselves indecent, and with all the pictures being made it was a real threat. "No, your right Linda" her mother commented. They checked to see if there were indeed no toilets available and when there were not they went back to the track fast.Soon they were out of the more populated area's and Carie and Gael started to ponder their options. "We can't squat, even here the risk is to great. If we are caught... well I don't want to think about it." "Agreed. Can we walk the trail fast and get home to pee?" Linda and Ann were enjoying their mothers conversation, things were going even better than expected! "No, I don't think that is an option as well. We have at least an hour to walk jet, then we have to give the interview witch will maby be an other half hour, then we have to walk home what will take at least three quarters of an hour due to all the parties going on. No I don't think I will last two and a quarter hour. Then we would have to break off now, give up and go home..." "Never! We are going to finish, we are going to walk the long routs and give an interview after that. No, that is no option!" Ann and Linda were very relieved. When Gael had hinted at giving up their harts sank but it was swiped of the table immediately by Carie. Gael looked at the bushes tempted, and Ann feared her mother would give in to the temptation and destroy their plan. At that moment one of the officials, and a personal friend of Gael and Ann's dad walked up to them. "What's up, anyone in the bushes?" Without blushing Carie responded. "At first we thought so, but now we think it was an animal or so." "Hmm. Lost of people sneaking into the bushes after the rest stop. I wish the cops would do something about those perverts making all those pictures. No one wants to bee photographed while peeing I understand, but we have to make sure we can walk again next year. Just to be sure I'll wait here for a few more minutes. Thanks for looking out."They continued to walk and after just not getting caught Gael didn't want to take the chance. "Oke, sneaking into the bushes is clearly out. I admit I was tempted, but if he would have caught me. Ouch, I don't want to think of the consequences. No, that is out of the question." "Indeed, so we can't squat, we can't hold it, we can't go home and we can't go into the bushes. What leaves that for us...?" After some silence Gael started to talk. "I fear we have only one option girls... Thank you for buying black leggings instead of red ones...." they walked in silence for some time, the girls watching their mothers closely. Carie stopped them when they turned a corner. "Oke, this is as good a time as any other. Ann, Linda, I'm sorry to tell you this, but Gael and I will have to go in our pants. For us that's the only alternative. If you want you can squat, but I recommend against it, I wouldn't want your pictures to end up on some pervert website."Carie turned to Gael. "Now how to do it, walking or standing still?" "Standing still. I haven't wet myself since I was little, it will be difficult enough for me as it is, let alone if I walk during the peeing." Carie nodded and spread her legs a bit. "Oke, here I go, don't laugh. I can't believe I'm doing thIS" Caries voice just went up a notch and Linda knew her mom had started to pee. Again nothing showed until a river of pee formed at the bottom of the leggings and fell to earth. Carie tilted her shoes outward, making the pee fall to the ground instead of going into her shoes. She moaned softly and the hissing grew louder as she added pressure to her pee. "Hmm, this feels bet....better than I... ev....ever expected." Carie moaned while peeing and suddenly she gasped."OhmygodIamgoingtoCOME" Linda had to grab her mom to prevent her from falling in her own puddle. "That was wonderful! Linda, you HAVE to wet yourself, as a mother I shouldn't tell you this but I had an orgasm peeing and you deserve one to!"Gael looked at Carie. "Me first girls. I have to go so bad that I have started already." Indeed a river formed at Gael her feet as well. She closed her eyes and gave in to the feeling, letting it flow in her pants and all the wonderful sensations that came from it. She felt it coming, she would come to, just like Carie, and she gave in to the feeling, embracing her well earned orgasm. Her eyes opened wide when her orgasm hit her, to look directly into her daughter eyes. Ann was standing by but didn't have to capture her mother. Unlike Carie Gael had expected to come, so she wasn't so overwhelmed she collapsed. "Dear, I agree with Carie, you will have to wet yourself. It's such a good feeling!"Ann and Linda told their mothers they knew, knew all along and admitted setting their mothers up so they would experience the feeling as well. They left the part out that it was more convenient for their washing, but told everything else, while peeing and coming themselves. "And after Baily appeared to be into it, we decided we had to share it with you. We thought you deserved the orgasms to, but didn't know how to tell you. 'mom, pee your pants, it feels good' didn't seem like the right thing to say." Carie told them she wouldn't have understood it indeed and would have punished Linda if she had caught her. Now she thanked her daughter. Gael also thanked her daughter and then took one of the bottles out of her backpack and drank it in one quick move. "Got to make sure I need to go again before we get home..." The others looked at her, got their own bottle and drank. The rest of the trip was uneventful and after the interview they went home. The girls felt the need to pee and told their mothers they were going to pee again. "Not here, there are people around everywhere." "I think that makes it even better mom, no one will notice, promise." Gael looked at Ann and told her they would wait a bit.The girls peed while walking and coming while their mothers held them and indeed no one noticed. Not much later they met there husbands and the mothers whispered something in their ears. The man held their wives while they peed, coming in their arms while they massaged their crotches making their husbands come as well while Ann and Linda stood in front of there fathers so no one could see. When their parents had come they all went home together.
By: JJ