The Hold (Story) 

Written by Milhaylay1 on August 21st, 2013

So I was being controlled by somebody else and my memory of it is a little off, but this place barely has any stories so I figured why not.

So I got up at 5:00 am to finish a project (i had to wait for the glue to dry) and I felt the urge to pee commence, when I get a wild idea to hold it. The school is very strict about drinks, so I hadn't drunken much at all. I got home at 5:00 pm. Usually my bladder waits until I get home where I will go pee. It had been 12 hours, but I was only a 5/10, but because I was holding for some time it was easy to make that rating to rapidly increase. 2 drinks later, I was up to a 6/10. Soon after that, I found a master/ somebody to control me. He told me to stop holding in any way until I got his permission (that includes the "potty dance") and it felt like a 10/10 (if I were to be holding it the rating would be lower)

He gave me fairly easy challenges (like drinking water, pushing on my bladder etc.); but because everything was loose, they felt like the hardest challenges in the world! BY this time no madder how hard I tried, I was squirming a little, but decided not to tell him that. Then on one of them that said to sit on the toilet, but don't pee, I spurted! I immediately told him and begged him to let me hold it in some fashion (i also brought up the squirming).

He said he would have let me use my legs, but because I was squirming he just let me do that. But I could only do the full potty dance after I laid on my stomach for 5 mins! I spurted twice that time. I told him, but he realized that I just really needed to hold it back. The potty dance barely helped, and almost made it worse! every move I made it made my bladder swish, pushing on the sides, making me have to go more. This time I spurted for no reason, I told him, and I begged him to let me cross my legs, after I did three sit-ups (as punishment for spurting). Right before I did the last sit-up, a few more glasses hit my bladder.

That last sit-up I peed for about 3 seconds, but crossing my legs stopped it. I told him, and I had to do the superman exercise! The legs helped, so I did't spurt (but I almost did).i was down to a 8.5/10. Everything was going smoothly, until several more glasses of water settled in my bladder. I told him before I spurted if I could use my hand, but he said no, until I absolutely needed it. As punishment I had to pour water onto my *****. I started to pee, and couldn't stop it.

I quickly removed my panties, dried my crotch, and stuck my hand up it. I barely managed to stop it. I was an 8.5/10 again, and told him what happened. He allowed me to use my hand, but I also had to push on my bladder as hard as I could (but I could use my hand then). It was already hard, because my bladder was like a rock, but when I did get pushing, it wasn't as much as I had to pee more, but it REALLY hurt. The crotch helped, but I was up to a 9.5 already. Again, everything went smoothly. I had already reached a ten and I was walking back from a challenge, when another couple of glasses of water hit. Note: I was drinking my water more slowly, because every time I swallowed I leaked a little. 

Now every time I take a step I was not leaking, spurting! I told him and he took this to his advantage and made me do jumping jacks. By now I had to Skype him because I was unable to type, or get up to the keyboard. He then saw this, and demanded I sand up, sit down, stand up, lay down ON MY STOMACH, and then roll over. I did so, about to explode, but wen I got on my stomach, he quickly saw the floor getting wet. He told me to stay there until I stopped. It didn't. After about 10 secs. He let me roll over so that way he could keep torching me.

Once I got back up to a 10/10 I had peed so much that my bladder was getting exhausted. For telling him this, he claimed it as complaining, and made me drink a glass of water in under 5 minutes, which made me leak, but I decided not to tell him. When it hit, I was leaking every step again. The leaks soon became spurts that he could now see exactly when they came. He allowed me to pull my sorts down (low enough to where my bladder was loose, but he couldn't see my *****.

He then thought that this would be an easy question to give me a little more confidence, and said QUICK! whats 2+2? I could not think and the pressure made me a little nervous. The stress put more pressure on my bladder and I peed but there was no stopping it. I tried to hid it, and did manage to slow it down. He asked if I was okay, because my face looked like I was in extreme pain. I said yea. He very soon thought it was just hurting and(because its a little easier to hold when it hurts), he told me to let go.

I ran and grabbed a measuring cup, leaving behind a trail of pee and my hand up my crotch was no longer able to slow it down (before it was a few drips every few seconds) and it began to just look like a spurt from the walking (which probably was what was causing it), got it, and cam back. Even after stopping, it still continued to speed up, causing a new wet patch to appear. He thought I was ding it on purpose, and I said that I've already been peeing, I let go, and peed! it overflowed the cup! which stopped at 1 L

Note: he wasn't being harsh. He said if I wanted to stop of be nice at any time, he would allow it. I liked the harshness. He was holding it too. I will becoming out with his holding with me controlling his soon! 

