Title: Cheryl's Summer Trip

By: Fluidity

I

Steven hadn't seen me in several years, and mybody had been turning into a woman in that time.I'd be visiting his home for a week during our Summer vacation. Steven was in college now, and probably wouldn't look twice at a girl like me, even though I'd be a High School Junior next year.

The first few days were a lot of fun, though. We drove all over the Kansas countryside in his little white VW bug. He said he was taking it back to college this fall. And he was looking at me, especially when I could wear my shorts and something a bit low-cut in front. He really made me feel like a woman, but he seemed too shy to do anything.

That is what made the last evening we spent together that Summer so extraordinary. I hadn't planned it, and I know Steven hadn't, either. I wore my prettiest blouse with my white shorts. We had a great dinner with Steven's parents, visited with the next-door neighbors who came over, and then sat down at the couch to watch the late show. It was some dumb western, but it felt warm and comfy sitting next to Steven. Steven's parents went up to bed after warning us that we had to leave tomorrow morning at 9:00AM to catch my flight home.

It was about ten minutes later that Steven put his arm behind my shoulders on the back of the couch. I could feel every hair on my body stand up straight when he did that. I didn't know what "electric" meant until then. And when his hand touched my right shoulder I thought I'd faint. It felt soooo good to feel him next to me, touching me so gently like that.

My body was doing things that I didn't understand. I felt I was sweating like a race horse. I tried to take deeper breaths quietly through my mouth so Steven wouldn't notice, but he must have noticed my breasts rising and falling about twice as far as before. My breasts! They felt so full and sensuous, like they did when I lay in bed and touched them. This must be what draws men and women together, this feeling I have, and did I ever have it. It was racing through my whole body.

And something was going on between my legs that I didn't understand at all. There was a hot throbbing feeling, not like my period at all. But that wasn't all.

God I felt so stupid, but I was bursting to pee. I hadn't gone since lunch time and with everything else going on in my body, that was the one thing that was dominating my thoughts. I meant to go when we got back from the drive this afternoon, but we immediately started to make dinner. And then during dinner no one noticed my legs wiggling together. I had to help clean up after dinner, and then the Jones' from next door came over to see us and wish me a good trip home. By the time I sat down next to Steven I had forgotten how badly I needed to pee.

Steven's hand wasn't stopping at my shoulder. He sometimes let his thumb glide up my neck and play with the collar of my blouse. I'm glad I didn't button that top button, the way my big sister wears her blouses. It was strange but I knew Steven could peek down my blouse and see my bra; I didn't have to look down to know. I felt so sexy I couldn't believe it; if only I didn't have to pee so badly... but perhaps both feelings were working together; I had never thought of that before.

A few agonizing, beautiful minutes later Steven readjusted his arm and let his hand slide down my arm. I'm glad the blouse was sleeveless, so I could feel his fingers on my arm and he could feel my arm. I hope he didn't notice my legs wiggling together... it was all I could do to hold my bladder back. God, if I had an accident here he would really think I was a dorky High School girl.

I wonder if he is going to.... Ohhhh, he just did... touch my breast. I think I'm going to die right now.

I can feel every movement of his fingers. And I know he can feel every breath I take since each one moves my breast up against his hand. He is so gentile and sweet, I wish I could just curl up next to him and nestle into his arms. This is so exciting, my body feels like it is going to burst all over. And especially my bladder. I had to cross my legs but I'm not sure that is going to help, since I still have to fidget with my legs and now it's so obvious, he must notice. Oh, please don't make him think I'm bored with him and *that* is why I'm wiggling my leg.

The feel of his finger on my nipple is the most heavenly thing in the world. I can tell my nipples both are about double their regular size; he *must* be able to notice that. Even I can see it when I glance down at my breasts. Oh, why did I drink those two glasses of iced tea at dinner. I'm going to flood myself before I get to the bathroom upstairs.

There, the movie's over. "Don't they end all these western movies with 'clinch' and 'cut'!" Why did I say that? Why can't I keep my mouth shut...

II

At that moment Steven leaned over his lovely cousin Cheryl, touched her cheek with his left hand and guided her soft lips to his, and kissed her for the first time. "You are the softest, loveliest, sweetest girl I've ever kissed, Cheryl." The fact that she was the third didn't have to be noted at this time.

"Steven, I'm feeling like the luckiest, sexiest girl in the world, but if I don't run off to the bathroom right now I'm going to pee all over the couch... I just can't wait another minute; I'm about to burst!" Tears started to well up in her beautiful brown eyes. Cheryl, now that you are wrapped up in my arms I'm not going to let go of you again until I tuck you into bed tonight. If you have to pee you can water that potted plant right over there in the corner of the room."

Cheryl, terror still in her eyes, her legs continuing to wiggle furiously, her free hand pressed tightly between her legs (her other hand was draped over Steven's shoulder in a furious exhibit of conflicting desires; she wanted to run away and pee and she wanted to lie in Steven's arms forever). And then the thought of peeing into that potted plant soaked through her. How deliciously outrageous!

"Oh, Steven, what a wicked, naughty... and absolutely thrilling idea. Are you sure no one will see us?" "No one, Cheryl; trust me," Steven said, without any idea of how he could prevent someone from watching them through the living room windows.

Cheryl got up slowly, her hand still firmly jammed up between her legs. "Ohhh God I need to piss... er, pee so badly!" "Piss is a fine word, Cheryl, so go ahead and use it. Ah, just exactly how are you going to do this?"

"I have no idea; I've never pissed into a potted plant before, but I'm going to have to start soon or it will be my shorts and the rug that gets it. Steven, would you please undo my belt; I can't with one hand, and this hand *has* to stay where it is holding back the flood."

Steven quickly undid the black belt while Cheryl, bent half over with her legs crossed, had positioned herself with her back to the potted plant. Steven took a couple of eye-popping glances down Cheryl's blouse where her full breasts looked like they were going to burst the seams of her bra. He could see her right nipple that he spent a good twenty minutes massaging with his fingers; it looked like a big grape waiting to be sucked into his mouth.

Once her belt was free, he unbuttoned the top button and unzipped the zipper, revealing her white silk panties. With that Cheryl moved like lightning. She straightened her legs, pulled down her shorts and panties both in one movement; she must have been rehearsing this in her mind for minutes, it looked so smooth. Steven stood there in shocked wonder. He was looking at his knockout gorgeous cousin naked from the waste down.

"Ohhhhh, Shit" she cried as she freed one leg from her shorts and panties on the floor, spread her legs, and began to crouch down. She was starting to pee before she got in position, something she feared would happen as soon as she took her hand from her crotch. Her spinchters, alone, could not hold back this enormous pressure for more than a couple of seconds.

A short squirt shot down into her panties on the floor, but Cheryl was able to cut that off in time to stick her ass where it had to be: facing that potted plant. She could feel the leaves of the plant brush against her ass cheeks and tickle her fur as she was finally able to relax and give herself the most rewarding piss she had had in years. Steven watched on in disbelief from the cross-legged point he had taken in front of her.

Suddenly a hot stream of golden piss shot from Cheryl's fur bush right into the moist earth of the potted plant. The sound was deafening to Steven; he could not believe the volume and flow rate that his cousin was able to deliver. His sweet, lovely, feminine little cousin Cheryl could produce this great flood of piss? Cheryl squatted there, her hands holding her blouse from falling into the flow, her legs shaking in relief from the tension they had been under, and were still under holding her in such an unnatural position.

But Steven was overwhelmed by the beauty of it all. He reached up to his beautiful cousin's face, held her soft cheeks in his hands, and gave her the most loving, soft, grateful kiss that she would ever feel in her life. "Thank you, Cheryl, for giving me the most beautiful gift you possibly could; this will stay with me forever" and he kissed her again.

Cheryl, well into the 40th second of the longest, strongest piss of her life, felt her pussy do cartwheels as Steven's hands cupped both of her breasts. Something overwhelming happened to her pussy that she had never felt before; the confluence of feelings in her body at that moment was not to be matched for well over a decade.

This would be the end of their little experiment in intimacy. Steven's parents, however, would never figure out why that plant in the corner of the living room grew three feet before Christmas that year, and why they were unable to keep their male dog from pissing on the plant's copper pot.

