Lunambra 1-4

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter 4 - Interrogation

The bandit slipped on a patch of ice, slowing him just enough for Baeden to catch up. The Price crashed into the terrified bandit with all his weight, sending him sprawling to the ground. Baeden drew his longsword and thrust the tip through the bandit's left leg. He cried out in agony, but was given no quarter as Baeden lifted him off the ground by his baldric and slammed him violently against the trunk of a tall evergreen. Baeden leaned in, his face no further than an inch from the bandit's.

"WHERE IS SHE!?" He roared, smashing the bandit into the tree once more.

"Fuck off," the bandit spat, fruitlessly struggling against the Prince's iron grip.

Baeden stepped back, then lunged forward landing an explosive overhand punch to the bandit's chest, shattering his collarbone with his steel gauntlet. The bandit crumpled to the ground, and was met by a steel boot crashing down onto his elbow, dislocating the joint. Baeden pulled him to his feet, and asked again: "WHERE IS MY MOTHER, WHERE ARE YOUR MEN KEEPING THE QUEEN!?"

"She...the...is at," he mumbled, close to losing consciousness. Baeden dragged him along the ground and shoved his face into a pile of snow, shocking him awake, then tossed him back to the ground, placing the edge of his sword along the bandit's throat. With unfocused eyes, he said: "We're holding her in Olsha fortress-"

"How many of you are there?" Baeden hissed at him.

"Ow, there's another thirteen of us, but-" And the Prince cut his throat. He lay gurgling for a moment, then leaned back, dead.

Baeden looked to the treeline, at Marina, who was crouching hidden in a bush watching his interrogation. She stepped out, looking at him fearfully. "Did you really need to kill him? He told you where the Queen was."

The Prince walked to Marina, sheathing his blade and placing his hands on both her shoulders, looking deeply into her eyes. "Listen to me and understand, Marina. These men are not knights, this is not a Joust or Tournament. They lack any and all honor or dignity, and they can not, under any circumstances, be underestimated or afforded mercy. They will torture and ransom me, they will rape you and sell you into slavery, and while you may already consider yourself a slave, I promise you that your new owners will not treat you as the Royalty of Lunambra does. I know you have never experienced warfare, and resent me if you must but I cannot hold back against them." She looked back at him, and to his surprise, she nodded wisely.

"I may not be accustomed to death, but I understand the danger that we face. Do what you must."

"Thank you. Now stay close to me." They trudged through the forest for another thirty minutes, and finally came back to the road they were traveling on. They could see the abandoned carriage sitting still a few hundred yards in the distance, and the castle town looming miles away.

"Should you not get to the castle and muster a force?" Marina asked.

"I'm afraid not. Even though we know where my mother is, all of these old outposts have tall watchtowers and underground escape routes. A number of men approaching would quickly alert them, and they would flee before we reached the gates. I must sneak in and rescue her quietly. Listen, Marina. You should not come in there with me, it's no place for a noncombatant. Go back to our carriage and rest until I return."

Marina glared at him. "Bugger that, I'm far better off at your side than hiding in a glorified meat barrel for some bear to find." Baeden knew perfectly well that these lands were inhabited by bears, wolves, and many other dangerous creatures. He decided her response was fair enough despite the crudeness of it, so he nodded.

"Very well. Olsha is about half a mile off the road, to the west. I know these forests, but stay close." So they continued to trudge through the slush and snow, stopping once to refill their canteen again. After nearly an hour of slowly navigating the forest, Baeden held out his arm to stop Marina. Silently, he pointed two fingers at his eyes, the universal symbol for 'Look at this', then pointed forwards and up, through the tree canopy. Marina squinted to see through the sunlight, but her eyes quickly adjusted and she saw a stone turret towering over the pines.

She nodded, and followed as Baeden moved quietly towards the fortress. They soon reached a clearing, a stone plateau rising above a small ditch littered with bushes and small trees. Suddenly, Baeden pushed her down against a prickly bush. She looked at him, flustered, but he just motioned for silence and pushed her harder against the painful shrub. She almost let out a moan, but froze as she heard footsteps sloshing through the snow no more than two feet above her head. Without moving her head, she moved her eyes upwards so far that they hurt, and saw a man dressed in thick leather armor carrying a crossbow passing their hiding spot.

Right after he passed, Baeden peeked out of their cover, glancing in every direction. Deciding it was clear of other threats, he drew his dagger and vaulted onto the plateau. The bandit heard the jingling of his chainmail, but Baeden moved with such speed that he never had time to call out. Rolling to his feet, Baeden jumped through the air, flying an incredible distance for the amount of armor he was wearing. As he impacted the bandit, he plunged the dagger into his throat, and the bandit crashed into the ground. As the ground was stone, and the bandit was wearing leather rather than chain, his falling made nothing more than a soft thump. Baeden landed gracefully, but his armor still made far too much noise. Marina eyed the dead bandit.

"He looks just about your size. If we're trying to handle this quietly, you need to lose your armor, it sounds like a boar in a potter's shop. Put on this leather, it's protective enough and much quieter, not to mention darker in color." Without a thought, Baeden began pulling off his tabard, then stopped. He stared at Marina, realizing that she delivered her words in a manner that could have come straight from one of his Knights. Again, she reaffirmed his opinion that she was no light-headed servant girl.

"You speak to me as an equal, without fear. I am not angry about it, but I am curious as to why you are so casual with me. All of my servants fear me, bend to my every whim. What is it that allows you to see that I am not like the other Royalty?"

"Your servants need only see you as a fixed point, my Prince. They've never fought with you, they've never survived with you. I've seen your strength, your love, your drive, your ability. I've seen you at your most vulnerable, and you at mine. I feel as though there is no need to behave as a servant to you anymore. I know you won't have me beheaded for speaking my mind, and I know that you find me worthy of your chivalry. There is simply no use in attempting to behave properly, we are out here together, trying to save the Queen, trying to stay alive."

At her words, Baeden was overcome with a surge of lust. He reached out, gripping Marina's arms. She stumbled into him, her breasts pressing softly into his chest. He moved his left hand upwards, brushing her cheek then sliding his hand to the back of her head. He leaned in, and so did she. As their lips were about to touch, Marina's eyes drifted to the right, to the body of the bandit that still lay bleeding. He came crashing back to earth, and pulled away from her. "I apologize. But you are correct, my armor isn't proper for this sort of thing."

Baeden stripped down as Marina looked on. She eyed his front, seeing that his body had again failed his intentions, causing his manhood to press forcefully against his light underclothes. He looked up at Marina and turned red when he saw her staring at his erect member as she smiled innocently at him. Despite this, he equipped the dead bandit's leather armor. Handling the body caused his organ to calm down quickly, and he was able to shove it down into the leather greaves. He piled his expensive chainmail and plate boots and gauntlets under a tree to retrieve later. "Come on," he said, and he grabbed the bandit's crossbow and quiver and moved towards the fortress with Marina following behind.

