Tina drifted slowly out of sleep. Her first thought was: Where am I? Her second: I have to go to the bathroom. Then she remembered. It was her first night in her aunt Jenny's incredibly big house, where she was going to spend the summer while working in the local bookshop before going back to school. She stared at the high ceiling, feeling the pressure in her bladder. Where was the bathroom, again? Tina decided to try to go back to sleep and wait until the morning.
When she awoke again she had dreamed of walking in the woods, finding a secluded place, lifting her skirt, and... She realized that she had nearly wet the bed. Clamping her hand to her crotch she tried to remember where to go to find a toilet. It was still dark and quiet. The clock said a quarter to four. Tina had to go. She rose, dressed in her usual nightwear of t–shirt and panties, and opened the door.
The dim light in the corridor revealed doors everywhere. She tiptoed out, holding herself, trying to remember where she had brushed her teeth and wee–ed before going to bed. Oh yes, in the big bathroom downstairs. But that was so far to walk, and she didn't want to wake her aunt or her cousins.
She bit her lip and opened the first door. Dark bedroom. She retreated, trying the next. The handle squeaked, and she felt a small drop escape her. Another bedroom. She stood still, fighting the urge to let go. With knees pressed together she walked on. The next room was a broom closet. As she closed the door she felt herself leak again. She was standing in the corridor, hands pressed to her puss, fighting back tears. Carefully she made her way to the next door. This one was locked. She nearly bent double keeping her wee back. Her nipples were stiff under her t–shirt; she shivered both from the cool air and the effort of holding.
Tina wanted to let go. Tears welled up as she opened another bedroom door, this time hearing low breathing from inside. She stood on one leg, curling the other, trying to close the door without a sound. A warm trickle tickled her fingers. There were small drops on the carpet. In a matter of minutes she was going to wet herself– or maybe even in seconds. She opened another door.
Furniture draped in white sheets, like a scene from a film. She whimpered, afraid that a ghost or even a small rustle of the sheets would make her pee her panties in fear. She entered anyway. Tina leaned against the door, hands clamped between her legs. A tear rolled down her cheek and all she ever wanted to do in life was to empty her agonized bladder. She held on, and tripped gingerly between the white bulks, not really knowing what she was looking for.
Maybe if she sat in a chair she could think it over. Carefully she lowered her bottom to the seat, hands still firmly gripping her puss. She let out her breath and peed herself. Desperately she pressed a finger to her peehole and strained her muscles, and managed to stop the flow. She rose and looked at the butt–sized stain on the sheet. Tina realized she was going to pee on the floor, or soak her legs. She stepped as far back into the room as she could, behind a large bureau. Carefully she lowered her wet panties to mid–thigh, spread her feet, and squatted.
The stream sprayed her legs, her feet got warm and wet, but Tina sobbed with relief as she finally let go. The flood lasted for ages, eventually slowing to a dribble. She pulled her panties back up and stepped out of the puddle. With a flap of loose sheet she wiped her legs and feet before she tiptoed back to her room. As she opened the door she noticed the chamber pot under her bed. Tina started giggling, holding her crotch. She kept her hand there as she lay down.
The next morning she used the pot before going down for breakfast. She even remembered the way. Her aunt drove her into town, and her first day at work was satisfying. Dressed in black pants and white blouse she received smiles from the customers.
Tina rode the bus back home. Relaxing in the back seat she thought about her nightly desperation, hoping nobody had noticed the puddle on the floor. Thinking about it now, it appeared only comical. A tearful nineteen–year–old peeing behind stored furniture. She felt a twinge in her puss as she recollected the relief and the orgasm she had had afterwards.
Well. Actually, thinking about the desperation made her want to touch herself again. She slid a hand between her legs and clamped it between her thighs. Admit it, she said to herself. Peeing your panties turns you on. Maybe not at the time, being in a really tight place, but afterwards, in safety, the memory stayed.
It had happened before. Only last year, at a school party, getting tipsy and careless, putting off going to the bathroom until it was time to go home, and then not bothering to stand in line. Walking along with Wendy, Tess, and the others, biting her lip, pulling down her short dress to cover her butt (as if that would help), feeling every step as a jolt to her bladder. The high–heeled shoes didn't help. She couldn't ask them to wait while she staggered behind a hedge, it would be too embarrassing. Waiting at a red light she had to stand cross–legged, clutching her purse. The rush to cross made her dribble a little. She was nearly crying as she reached the street where she could cross through the park, and she shouted goodbye as she stumbled down the narrow pathway.
Being alone she could jam a hand in her crotch as she walked. Somehow she didn't want to go behind a bush, she just prayed she would reach home. Halfway through the park she realized that she would not make it. She could hardly walk, and a shiny stripe down her leg threatened to turn into a river. Tina stopped in the middle of the pathway and let it all flow, soaking pants and tights and shoes, crying with relief. And she had had an orgasm sitting on the toilet, wet underwear around her ankles. Tina longed to get home, to privacy. 
She remembered the boat trip, when she was sixteen, with her aunt and uncle, and cousins Freddie and Ginny. Shy as she was, she didn't go before they rowed out on the lake, and of course she didn't want to shorten the trip by asking to go back to shore. She kept her hands in her lap, fearing visible dark spots on her red shorts. Listening to the soft, wet sound of her uncle rowing made her think of nothing but peeing. Then Freddie, aged twelve, announced he had to pee. Tina had blushed as her uncle held Freddie's waistband for safety as he peed, kneeling in the back of the boat. She couldn't help letting out a few drops.
Then Ginny said she had to go, too. She was Tina's age with long blonde hair, wearing a short blue dress above her knees. Aunt Jenny asked her husband and Freddie to turn their backs, and she produced a small bucket from a storage compartment. She told Ginny to remove her panties – just like that – and open her legs as she held the bucket in position under her. The sound of the stream almost made Tina wet herself. After emptying the bucket Aunt Jenny looked at Tina. "How about you?"
Tina shook her head and clenched her muscles. How she got through the next hour is still a mystery to Tina, but she managed to hold it – except for some small dribbles – until they were ashore. Obviously Ginny had understood her predicament, as she grabbed Tina's hand and told her parents they were running ahead. Tina couldn't run, but she hobbled along until out of sight. "You can pee here," Ginny said. She looked at Tina as she wriggled her shorts down and squatted, peeing noisily on the grass. "Nearly wet yourself?" Ginny asked.
Tina nodded, blushing. "Don't worry, it's OK."
On the bus, Tina remembered the strange feelings from that night, as they sat on Ginny's bed talking, touching hands, eventually lying side–by–side, shoulders and hips touching...
The bus halted.
At dinner Tina was in for a surprise. A slender girl with long blonde hair rose from her seat to give Tina a hug.
"Ginny! Aren't you supposed to be in Florida?"
Ginny held Tina by the shoulders and smiled at her. "Change of plans. I'm back. What have you been doing?"
The girls chatted through dinner, giving aunt Jenny no chance to enter the conversation. Afterwards Ginny brought Tina to her room, and Tina realized it was her breathing she had heard last night, opening a bedroom door. Tina smiled to herself, and Ginny asked what was so funny. Even though they were all alone she sat close to Ginny on her bed, whispering in her ear as she told the embarrassing story.
Ginny burst out laughing. "And you didn't know about the chamber pot?"
"Nobody told me."
"And you were too shy to ask? You haven't changed a bit. Well, we're quite open about such things in our family."
"I know, like the boat trip."
"That's nothing. You should have seen me pee in a plastic bag in the car."
"What?"
"Daddy hated to stop when driving, so we always brought plastic bags. Easy for Freddie, but I really had to concentrate, perched on the edge of the back seat, pants around my ankles, holding the plastic bag open under me, trying not to dribble on the floor. Praying the bag wouldn't leak. Freddie and Mum watching, Mum making hissing sounds to help me. After that, nothing embarrasses me."
Tina looked at the slim girl in dark blue jeans, forming a mental image of her squirming in the back seat, then wriggling her pants down and – She felt a curious tingle inside herself, making her cross her legs. She found herself staring at Ginny's crotch, as if she was expecting something to happen.
"I remember the boat trip," Ginny said. "You were so desperate. I almost wet myself watching you."
"But you went in the bucket. I just couldn't."
"I was hoping you would, so I could watch."
"Really?"
"But I got to see you go behind that bush. You looked so sweet with your shorts down, biting your lip, spraying the grass. Remember we were lying on my bed?"
Tina nodded.
"I wanted to touch you. I felt your hip against mine and wanted to put my hand on your tummy."
Tina swallowed and clenched her legs. "You should have," she whispered.
Ginny rose, and locked the door. "It's never too late." She made Tina stretch out on the bed, and sat beside her. She put her hand on Tina's belly. "Like this?"
Tina sighed and closed her eyes. She felt a movement, and opened them again just in time to see Ginny's face right in front of her, and then their lips met. They kissed softly, and Ginny's hand crept downward.
"Careful," Tina said. "I need to pee."
"You know what I do sometimes? I let go a little bit, just a drop, and then stop it. It feels really good. Want to try?"
Tina nodded. She tried to relax her muscles, but found it hard to let go. She closed her eyes and pictured Ginny in the boat, and suddenly she felt a small spurt escape her. "Oh, I just did it!"
"Feels nice?"
"Makes me want to go again!"
"I'll do it too." Ginny concentrated, and her eyes widened. "Oops," she said. "Does it show?"
Tina lifted her head to look. "No."
"Once more!"
This time Tina managed a dribble right away, but it was harder to stop. She touched herself and felt a small wet spot. Ginny bit her finger and shuddered, and Tina saw the darkening in her crotch. She relaxed for the third time, and now she felt the warmth spread down her butt. "I'm wetting myself," she giggled.
"Me too." She bent down and kissed Tina again, putting her hand between Tina's legs. "Again," she whispered between kisses.
Tina pushed against Ginny's hand and spurted warm pee in her panties. She reached out for Ginny's crotch, touching wet denim. "I'm going to soak your bed," she moaned. "I can't hold it any more."
"Wait," Ginny said. "I'll get some towels." She rushed to the cupboard, wet stain visible on her small butt. Tina had to hold her pussy to keep from leaking. She lifted her bottom as Ginny placed the towels under her. "Now it's safe."
Tina lifted her knees and spread her legs, exposing the dark circle on her black pants. Ginny squeezed her belly, making her pee a long stream. Ginny unzipped her and slid her hand down her front, cupping her sex as the flow continued. Overwhelmed by the sensation Tina just let go, rising to climax as Ginny's finger entered her.
She opened her eyes and saw Ginny smiling at her. She was kneeling on the bed, wriggling a bit, with a dark patch in her crotch. "You okay, Tina?"
"Yeah. I guess I wet your bed."
"Want to take a shower?"
"Sounds good."
"Come on, then!" Ginny rose and held out her hand. She was crossing her legs and pushing her butt out. Tina was very conscious of her own wet pants as she followed her cousin to the bathroom. They undressed slowly, watching each other. Tina drew her breath when Ginny removed her panties to reveal a hairless pussy. "Like it?" Ginny asked.
Tina nodded.
"Want to touch?"
Tina extended her hand, feeling the smoothness with her fingertips. Ginny came closer, embracing her. She put her leg on the edge of the bathtub, giving Tina better access. The girls kissed. Ginny looked at Tina. "Can I pee now?"
"Yes," Tina whispered, cupping her pussy, catching the flood in her hand.
Tina drifted slowly out of sleep. Where was she? Her next thought: I have to go to the bathroom. She heard soft breathing beside her. Then she remembered. It was her second night in her aunt Jenny's incredibly big house, and her first night in Ginny's bed. She stared at the high ceiling, feeling the pressure in her bladder. She reached out to touch her cousin's warm body, remembering the pleasures of last night. Ginny squeezed her hand.
"I have to pee," Tina said.
Ginny reached for something on the floor. "Lift your pretty butt," she said.
Drowsily Tina complied. She felt Ginny slide a thick towel underneath her and wrap it between her legs.
Ginny put her arm around her and kissed her cheek. "Now you can pee."
Aquarius next Aquarius story