I'm a 31–year–old slim blonde math teacher at this local high school. I remember a really memorable experience I had a while back. When the classes were done for the entire year, the students had to take a math exam this one particular day, and after 3 hours every student had finished the test and left the school. By that point, I had to pee kinda badly. 
During the test, I think I had drunk at least a litre and a half of water, and I didn't get a chance to use the washroom that morning either because I overslept. Plus, I had drunk around 2 large cups of coffee that morning as well. But I decided to hold it in because I had a lot of exams to grade and such. Even though I could've taken the exams with me and just marked them later, but I preferred to try and get it over with now instead of later. With each exam I grade, the more desperate I've become. "Fuck, there are a lot of papers to mark!" After marking about half of the exams, I decided to head to the washroom. I head towards the staff's washroom, then noticed that it was out of order, so I went to the girls' washroom. But once there, I noticed the same thing, an out of order sign was at the door. I quickly head towards the office and asked why are all the washrooms was out of order.
"It had something to do with a student prank... apparently the students thought it would be humorous to purposely overflow the toilets throughout the school," said the secretary. I felt really frustrated about that considering that I was had an urgent need to take a piss...
I decided that I should just take the stupid exams with me, grade them later and just bring them back the next day. I hastily went to my car and drove off in search of the nearest public washroom I could find. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it in until I got home, because my place would take around 45 minutes just to get to, and I had to pee badly by that point. 
By the time I found a gas station a few minutes later, I parked near it and went to ask for the washroom key. I went straight to the washroom and when I got there, it stunk so badly in there that I could gag... despite the fact that I had to pee so badly at the time, I decided that I just couldn't bear it long enough in there to use the toilet. So I went back inside to give back the key and looked for somewhere else nearby. After a desperate search, I saw a pharmacy and just thought of an idea that I normally wouldn't even be considering. I thought that I might as well buy a pack of the most absorbent diapers that they had and just use them. I hesitated for a minute but I knew I was going to lose control of my bladder really soon if I didn't do something, so I went in to buy them.
As I walked in, I tried my best to act natural and not to show any sign of my urgency... I looked around and chose the one that was probably the most absorbent. "Nice day we're having today, huh??" The cashier asked me kindly. "It sure is real nice and sunny today!" I responded, trying my best to respond and not to letting my words swirl or stutter due to my full bladder. 
After purchasing them, I said good day, and went bursting into my car... so to speak. I put one on and even though I knew I couldn't hold it in much longer, I was still felt a bit hesitant because this felt really weird– a grown woman in her late 20's in this position... not too common. But I couldn't really drive in this predicament, so I decided to quickly get into the backseat because the windows at the back are tinted so nobody can see what I was doing.
Despite the fact that it felt really weird, I started to feel this bizarre pleasure from holding it in. Soon after trying to hold it in, I started peeing just a bit into the diaper. Moments later, I started leaking out larger bursts, and eventually, I lost total control of my bladder. I didn't even bother trying to stop it; I just let it naturally flow out. During the entire time, I thought it felt sooooo good relieving my bladder.
After what seemed like an eternity, I had finally finished. I quickly slid the diaper off and quickly drove back to my place. All and all, I actually quite enjoyed this more than I thought... I knew I would definitely enjoy doing this again in the near future... but next time, I would test it out with much more fluids going into me...
A week had passed since the incident at school with me holding a full bladder in during my students' math exam. Now, I've finally finished my job at the high school, and have been on summer vacation for the past 2 days. One morning when I woke up, I realized that I didn't have anything to do, so I had decided that I should test the limits of my bladder. I decided that since I still had the extra diapers I bought last time when I was desperate; I could try using them again since I don't know any good spots I could go other than the bathroom. 
Anyways, since I had awoke from bed that morning, I had drunk a bit of water whenever I could, and I made sure I use my water bottle because I was curious to find out just how much water I could drink before becoming desperate. Throughout this entire ordeal, I started feeling aroused and somewhat excited. Since last time that this had happened, I couldn't think about anything except about my bladder, so I made sure to try and preoccupy myself from obsessing over my bladder by doing my regular routines, like email, phoning, watching some news, etc.
Before I had started feeling really desperate, I made sure that I had put on a pair of diapers to make it more convenient for me later, because I didn't want to try risking it by putting them on with a full bladder and in a desperate state. Also, I made sure that I closed the curtains in my apartment because I was afraid some random guy or whoever may be watching me. During this entire time, I kept checking the time more often then I normally would because I was getting too excited and couldn't stop myself from checking it. If I remember correctly, I kept checking it at least once every 5 minutes.
Roughly 3 hours had passed since I had started doing it, and I could already start feeling the pressure in my bladder, but I wasn't desperate yet. Unfortunately, by this time, I had already done all of my normal routines, and I wasn't sure what I could do to kill some more time and keep my mind occupied. I decided to just watch some TV while waiting for what my bladder to do what it does best. After flicking through some channels on TV, I had finally found a movie that I loved to watch, and luckily, it was a long movie and it was still in the very beginning so there was still at least a couple hours left before it ended. 
While watching the movie, I kept absentmindedly drinking my cup of water. During commercial breaks, I kept going back to the kitchen to refill my bottle because I kept running out. Eventually, without noticing, I had drunk over 2.5 litres of water by the time that the movie was over. Add that to the other 1.5 litres of water that I had drank. 
After the movie had finished, I noticed that it had been a little over 5 hours since I started, and by that point, I had to pee quite desperately. Even though I really had to pee badly, it still wasn't enough to make me want to do the pee pee dance.... if you know what I mean. I decided to continue trying to keep my mind off my bladder by going to check my email and calling my friends again. After a whole hour had passed, I had to go so badly that by that point, I was desperate enough to actually do the pee pee dance. Because of that, I knew I was close to losing control of my bladder.
I went to lie on the couch and tried to watch some news or something. After some time had flew by, I had to pee so badly that I knew couldn't hold it in much longer and no matter what I did, I couldn't keep my mind off of it. A couple of minutes had passed, then all of the sudden, someone called me. I went to check the caller ID, and I noticed that it was my boyfriend who was calling me.
"Darn... I don't know exactly how much longer I can hold it in," was the first thought that came into my head. Despite the fact that I already knew that I would lose control of my bladder quite soon, I decided to pick up the phone and start talking to him, but also try to keep the conversation as brief as possible.
"Hello?", I said. "Good afternoon, sweetheart!!" He said with a sweet voice.
"Want to have lunch together later today??" He asked.
With the full bladder on my mind, I tried to answer as clearly as I possibly could under the circumstances. "Surrrre honey, IIII.... can have lunch with you!! What... time?"
Unfortunately, he noticed me stuttering a little, so he asked me if anything was wrong!
I told him nothing was wrong, but he really thought I had a problem or something. I kinda laughed a tiny bit because he doesn't know that he's actually talking me into losing control of my bladder into the diaper. But I also thought that he was sweet to have been so concerned about me.
I assured him once again that there wasn't anything wrong, so he dropped the subject. Anyway, he suggested 3:30pm. I looked at the time and realized it was only an hour from then. I decided that it would be a good time to meet up. We both agreed to eat lunch at that time and after saying our usual romantic goodbyes we then hung up.
Since I had to meet him in an hour, I decided to kneel down right there by the phone and slowly release a jet of pee. I intended to only let a few seconds of pee out, but inevitably, I couldn't control just how much I could pee out at once because I was too desperate, and so I just started peeing uncontrollably. 
I didn't care though because it felt soooo good peeing like that. The stream of pee literally lasted over a minute before I was completely emptied. And I enjoyed every moment of it all up to the point that the last drop of pee I had in me came out. I felt so relieved that I started masturbating a bit. Then I quickly examined the diaper after a moment and noticed that the diaper was so full that if I had to pee any more, it could've start to leak out. I just quickly went to throw the wet diaper in the garbage can and take a long shower to get rid of the smell of my urine. Then I hopped into some clean clothes and went to have some lunch with my loving boyfriend.
On my way there, I decided not to tell him about my new pleasure for now, considering that I wasn't sure how he would take it, even though I thought it was kind of funny that he was talking to me on the phone just a moment before when I was in my full bladder state!!!! Overall, this was a very great experience for me!!!
By: Desperate Jane