Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Deliberate & Accidental Wetting, Masturbation, and Sex.
Disclaimer: This story is fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons is purely coincidental.
Julia and Jessica had been friends since childhood. They had grown up together and were now 20 years old. They had always talked openly together about almost everything, including sexual urges and behaviour. Occasionally they indulged in wetting themselves together, for they both enjoyed feeling their bladders filling up to their capacity and sometimes they went that one bit too far. One Saturday the two were shopping in town. They had drunk several large cokes during the morning and were seated in the restaurant of a busy department store, having just eaten lunch. As they were finishing their coffees, Jessica commented, " Gosh my bladder's getting full, feel how swollen and hard it is," and lifted her blouse for Julia to see.
Gently feeling it Julia replied, "Wow, that is hard. I guess we'd better head for the loo next. Do you know what floor it's on?" "Ground floor, next to the perfume counter," said Jessica, so they finished their drinks and took the escalator down to the ground floor. As they made their way towards the perfume counter Jessica remarked, "Oooh, I'm bursting now. It feels wonderful but I'll be glad to relieve the pressure." Julia looked at her and grinned.
As they came to the perfume counter they realised to their horror that they were now in trouble, for the entrance to the toilets was blocked off by a red and white barrier with a notice that read 'These facilities are closed for refurbishing. We apologise to customers for the inconvenience.' 
"Oh bollocks. What are we gonna do now?" asked Jessica "Well the next nearest bogs are the public ones at the other end of the high street, about 10 minutes walk away." Offered Julia. "I can't wait that long " responded Jessica. I'll piss a river before I get half way there. In fact I've half a mind to squat down here and do it to teach them a lesson." "You can't do that! They've got CCTV cameras there and you'd just provide a video for any pervs that happened to be watching the monitors. Wait! I have an idea. Where's the Ladies' department? You know, Bra's and Panties and that?" "Third floor, just across from where the down escalator ends. Why" "Have they got fitting rooms?" "Yeah, they've got three of them. There's only a curtain across the doorways though." "No problem. Come on!" and with that Julia dragged Jessica along to the escalator. 
Up they went to the third floor. As they reached the end of the up escalator Jessica paused and bent over slightly with the building pressure. "OK, said Julia, "Here's what we do. We each grab a couple of bra's and a couple of skirts and then we head for the fitting rooms together." "But I don't need any clothes. I just need a piss." "That's what we're gonna do silly, but we need some clothes to get in the fitting room."
With that our pair grabbed a couple of bras each and a couple of skirts and headed for the fitting rooms.
What they were unaware of was that their movements were now being followed by the CCTV cameras, for the head of security, Angela Trumpton, had spotted the pair and had locked in on Jessica's obvious discomfort. Angela watched the pair with interest as they went into fitting room no. 2 and adjusted the camera angle so that it gave a clear view inside the fitting room via the mirror on the back wall. "Brilliant" she said to herself downing a large glass of soda and adjusting her underwear around her crotch. 
Inside the fitting room Jessica hung up the clothes she had picked up, pulled off her panties, sat on the chair, leaned back and brought her knees right up, resting her feet on the chair. She parted her legs and then let a stream of hot golden pee flow out for about fifteen seconds. "Woah, that's better," she said. "That's eased the pressure a bit. Don't worry I've still got plenty left in there for later. I don't want to spoil the feeling. Your turn," and with that they swapped places and Julia adopted the same position and let a stream of her own out.
All the while the pair were completely unaware of their being observed by the head of security, who was watching intently with her hand inside her panties, masturbating herself.
Julia and Jessica put their panties back on; picked up the clothes they'd taken in with them and returned to put them back on the counters where they had got them. 
As they turned to leave, Angela put a hand on each of their shoulders and said, "I think you two young ladies had better come with me." The two of them eyed her 'Head of Security' badge and went with her. Angela took them back to her office, seated them down and said, "Right young ladies. Would you mind explaining your conduct in fitting room number two just now?" "Oh shit!" exclaimed Julia. "Bollocks," said Jessica, and then went on to explain how she was absolutely bursting and it was the only way they could think of to relieve the pressure a bit. "We didn't even finish," she said, "But hang on. We had the curtain shut and any way isn't a fitting room supposed to be a private place?" "Be that as it may," said Angela, gently fondling her pussy, hidden by her desk, "That does not give you two the right to use it as a toilet. Just as well you didn't finish, too. As for my observing you, it is just co–incidental that one camera has a view of that fitting room when adjusted right."
"Why you perverted bitch! Spying on customers like that. I'll have your job. I demand to see the manager." Protested Jessica.
"Ladies, please. There's no need to get upset. I'm sure we can settle this unfortunate matter quite amicably, " said Angela and with that she went to a fridge at the back of her office and produced two large glasses and a large bottle of coke. Pouring each of the two a coke and topping her own glass up she winked at them and said, "Now, this is much more private than the fitting room and I have to admit I am rather full as well. Would you two nice people like to carry on where you left off? After all, you did say you hadn't finished. Ooh, and I hope you don't mind if I join in as well," and with that Angela whipped off her panties, sat on the back of her chair with her feet on the seat & opened her legs to display her crotch. "Come on, don't be shy. Why don't we all adopt the same position and see if we can all manage to piss in the fruit bowl on the desk?"
Unable to believe their good fortune in finding another who liked pissing fun they both yanked their panties off again and jumped onto the backs of their chairs. Within a few short seconds there were three golden streams all splashing into the fruit bowl on the desk. After the flows all subsided the three watched each other as they all began to masturbate. Then they started to masturbate each other. 
I suppose you wouldn't happen to like oral sex as well would you, asked Julia, and Angela nodded. It didn't take long for the three of them to get in a position where they could each manage to get their mouths to another's wet fanny, and they were soon slurping away at each other. The three of them had the most intense orgasms any of them could remember. Finally the three of them regained their composure, put back on their panties, and adjusted their attire.
"This has been a most pleasurable time" said Angela, "I am so grateful to you for coming. Please feel free to come and see me again at any time. Just tell any member of staff that you'd like a word with the security chief," and with that she kissed them both passionately, and showed them out.
By: Gopher