Title: The Library Pass
	Received 21 Mar 2001, published 16 Apr 2001. Entry to: Month 30
By: Anon

My girlfriend , Nicole, and I were at the liabrary about 2 weeks ago. We are both 18, she's a few months older, and really into desperation and this day we wanted to see who could hold the most and for how long. It started at 8:00 a.m. We had pissed at the same time and drank the same amount of Coke and iced tea since. She and I were looking up stuff for a report forour professor and she started fidgeting.

I said "You look pretty desperate. Want to quit?" She replied "No way. I know I can beat you this time." 

About 15 minutes went by and she started fidgeting again. We kept looking for research and she sat on the floor. I thought she was looking for a book, so I said " How you feeling. Want to go to the bathroom?" 

"I can't. If I stand up, I'm gonna lose it all over the rug" 

"Go ahead. It'll be great. Pull your skirt up and I'll cover you." She did and soon I could hear a faint hissing sound. It lasted about 2 minutes! After all, she had been holding for almost 7 hours!!! The puddle on the floor was about 15 inches across. I dont think anyone saw or heard her but just in case, she left her panties their so she wouldn't make drip walking out. I went back the next day and asked someone what happened. The woman there said some little kid must have had an accident and the whole rug would have to be replaced!!! I drove home and told Nicole. We had the best sex ever after that. 

