Title: The Concert

By: Fluidity

The following story was inspired from sitting down near the orchestra several times last week. In the front row of the cellists was a lovely woman who had a quick smile and an engaging personality (as best as I could tell). It got me thinking of that awkward position a cellist must assume when playing. ...fluidity

Patty was coming home for her first Christmas after going away to college. She was in her first year at the state university majoring in music, thanks to her love of the cello. Her brother, Frank, in his second year at the same university, was also coming home.

Patty had written to the local amateur orchestra and they had signed her up for several performances of The Messiah during the holidays. She played in the orchestra all during her high school years and was looking forward to seeing her old friends again.

The first performance was Thursday evening at 8:00 PM. The orchestra members were expected to be there at 7:00 PM but Patty had been out Christmas shopping and had gotten stuck in traffic. Patty dashed up to her bedroom and frantically changed into her long white formal dress; the orchestra decided on white for the holiday performance instead of the standard concert black. She thought she looked great in it as it was beautifully low cut letting just enough of her cleavage show to drive the conductor, Mr. Filburt, wild. But Patty didn't have time to admire her appearance; she was late and had to rush back down to the car to get to the performance in time.

The audience was filling up the hall. Patty's brother and parents were there as well as many family friends who had watched Patty grow up. Patty ran into the backstage warm-up area and unpacked her cello. She needed to get it tuned and make sure everything was ready; before she had time to catch her breath, it was nearly 8 PM and the orchestra members were walking out onto the stage for the performance.

Patty had an honored place for a visitor, up front next to the first chair cellist, George Manley, who had always had a crush on Patty even though he was "happily" married. Patty had had to fend him off several times and had learned a lot about how caddish men could be.

Patty took her seat, checked her tuning, and relaxed for about the first time since early in the afternoon when she went shopping. To her utter horror she also realized that she had been holding her bladder back with nothing more than high pressure constant activity; she had not a moment to receive the signals that her bladder had been sending out.

As she sat there with her legs spread wide cradling her beautiful cello, she frantically thought how long the first part of The Messiah would be: about an hour and fifteen minutes. Could she hold her bladder that additional time? Could she hold her bladder with her sphincters, alone, unable to cross her legs or hold her crotch? Her cello and her public position at the front of the orchestra made it completely impossible for her to do anything but attempt to hold on.

Patty had been caught like this before but never as full as this. She remembered past situations where she was frantic for intermission to begin and had to rush indelicately off the stage to the ladies room, but she always made it. She was very worried that this would not be like that.

She dug into the overture with passion, hoping that the constant activity would take her mind off her full bladder. Unfortunately, every aria and chorus was a reminder to Patty of her predicament. "Comfort ye." How Patty wished for the comfort of relaxing her sphincters and letting a gusher of piss out. "Ev'ry valley shall be exhaulted." Patty wished the valley between her legs could be exhaulted with release from this pressure. How long until "Rejoice greatly," Patty wondered, for she was in agony. When "Behold, a virgin shall conceive," was reached, Patty's sphincters were quivering in agony and were getting very fatigued. Patty was starting to sweat and breathe very deeply under the pressure, foreseeing a catastrophic public incident.

During a pause after "For unto us," she allowed her hand to quietly drift down to her crotch and tried to give it a comforting squeeze. Mr. Manley caught that move and whispered to her, "You OK, Patty?" Patty was way past worrying about Mr. Manly; she had more important things to worry about and whispered back, "I'm caught short," knowing that he would know exactly what she meant. Manly's cock almost blasted through the back of his cello when he heard that.

"There were shepherds," and they can pee in the fields, Patty thought, but she could not. Just then her quivering pussy gave way and a spurt shot out and then another one before Patty could tighten up and regain control. While playing her cello she could not wiggle her buns up and down, she could do nothing but tighten her sphincters which were becoming less and less reliable. She knew that the squirts had soaked through her pink cotton panties but may not have made it through the several layers of her full dress. There were still fifteen minutes until intermission.

In the audience, Frank thought to himself, "Patty looks very uncomfortable. She is really struggling with something but it isn't the music." He also saw her reach down to her crotch and the whispered exchange with Mr. Manley and he knew what her problem was. He and his sister had played bathroom games when they were preteens; all that had stopped when they reached puberty, but Frank still remembered those times fondly.

Patty was desperate and knew she wasn't going to make it. At any moment she would have to start squirting again and she didn't think she could stop it this time. What could she do? She tried to think of how much material there was in her dress. Could it possibly soak up her entire bladder? She didn't think so. If she did have to lose most of her urine she might make it if it stayed in her dress, but if it started to puddle on the floor it would begin to run down toward the audience for the stage was raked slightly. She could not bear to think of that happening.

In the midst of "Rejoice greatly," Patty's sphincters gave way again and began squirting. She could not give them any assistance with her hand or her legs or her ass. She had to try to bear down and regain control but she could not. Squirt after squirt shot out of her pussy, soaked through her panties, and flowed into the folds of her dress. Patty's eyes were tearing with frustration and she could barley read the score as she and Manley and the rest of the cellists dug furiously into the music.

Frank noticed it first. The rear fold of Patty's dress was dribbling and he knew that she was pissing herself. Patty fought for control but her muscles were cramping in pain under such constant pressure and the spurting continued.

As full as she was, Patty knew that there was an immense amount of piss inside her. When she and Frank were playing their pee games they often held it all day to see who could pee the most before bedtime. Patty always won, occasionally filling an entire one-litre Pepsi bottle when she was 11 years old. Patty knew that her capacity had increased as she had grown for she had amazed several boy friends with the torrent she let go at the end of an evening; how she wished she only had a few ounces to squirt this time.

Just before the start of the last aria before intermission, "His yoke is easy" (but mine isn't, thought Patty), she glanced down at the floor and saw in horror this puddle beginning to slowly creep down the stage floor toward the audience. She turned to Manley who had seen it, as well. He glanced up at Maestro Filburt who had seen all (just as Frank had, for he had a better view). Before the last piece began, Filburt stepped off the podium with his back to the audience and reached for his large handkerchief and began to wipe his glasses. His feet were only a few inches away from the growing puddle of Patty's piss (which was still spurting out of her immense bladder). The entire back of Patty's dress was soaked with urine; she could feel the wetness on her ass and the back of her legs.

After wiping his glasses, Flibert let his handkerchief fall to the floor onto Patty's puddle. He went back onto the podium and lead the fastest "His yoke is easy" ever heard.

At the conclusion of the first half the orchestra members had to rise. Patty dreaded this as gravity was going to draw even more of her piss down onto the floor. Patty stood up and accepted the applause of the audience. Patty was able to slam her legs together and stop her spurting. Georgina, the cellist sitting behind her was astonished to see this enormous yellow stain on the rear of Patty's dress, but no one in the audience could see it. Filburt's large handkerchief held back the flood of Patty's dribbling dress keeping it from the front of the stage and the Mayor's lap in the front row of the audience.

Patty delicately backed off-stage and waddled to the ladies room where everyone gave her free access to a stall. She was able to wash the pee out of her dress in the shower and with paper towels get the back of the dress into a simply damp condition. Grover the handyman mopped up Patty's puddle so that Frank was the only one in the audience that noticed the problem.

In the second half Patty smiled as she played, "He hid not his face from shame," (neither do I, she thought), and, of course, "Hallelujah!" (I got through it).

That evening Patty and Frank had a long talk, full of childhood remembrances and of Pepsi bottles.

