Cabin Fever 2: Stir Crazy

by David North

After the girls pissed their jeans, I left them tied up and gagged in the bedroom for the entire night. It must have been horribly uncomfortable, sitting there as their wet jeans and panties slowly dried, their backsides numb from sitting on wooden seats and unable to move. Even though I had not forced any more liquid into them, their bladders would surely have filled again during the night.

After a night on the sofa, I showered and dressed, and went out to the girls' rental car, hidden behind the cabin. The trunk contained a couple of suitcases, so I carried these into the living room and opened them. They contained toiletries and clothing. I unpacked the clothes and found sweaters and heels, more jeans and several skirts: a knee-length black skirt with a side vent in one case, and a short denim skirt in the other. I nodded in approval as I decided that it was time to let the girls clean themselves up -- one at a time for safety - and change their clothes.

I was about to close one of the suitcases when I noticed a glint of metal at the bottom, and pulling aside the clothes, I was surprised to find two pairs of handcuffs and a length of chain, accompanied by some odd-looking thing that looked like a horse's bit. It took me a few seconds to appreciate what this meant: the girls had come up here to this cabin to be alone, away from the prying eyes of the world, to indulge in some bondage games. Did that mean they were lesbians? My first reaction was to think that it was a shame, but then I realized that, if they were that closely connected, each would do anything to save the other.

I went through to the bedroom to find them both awake. The brunette, Debbie, was rocking on her seat, straining against the ropes around her body.She was trying to press her knees together, and it was pretty obvious that she needed to pee. Sarah looked tired and more relaxed, so I decided she could wait a little longer.

I moved closer to Debbie and said, "Morning. I'm going to let you use the bathroom, and shower, then change into some clean clothes. After that, I'm going to tie you to one of the kitchen chairs, and you get breakfast. But, Sarah's going to stay right here until you're tied up in the kitchen, so if you make a run for it, she'll pay. If you behave yourself, you'll both still be alive when I move on. Like I said, I don't have anything to lose, so don't put me to the test."

I waited for a response, and Debbie finally nodded. I pulled the tape off her mouth and she gasped. "Ouch! That hurt."

"Sorry," I said.

"Just cut me loose," she ordered, ignoring my apology. "I have to pee, and I don't want to do it in my jeans again."

I couldn't see what difference it would make. I knelt down and untied her legs first, then freed her body. I left her hands taped behind her back for the moment and lifted her from the chair. Her legs gave way beneath her and I had to take all of her weight. "Oh, I can't feel my legs," she complained. "My circulation stopped hours ago."

"It'll come back in a minute," I said.

"Yeah. In the meantime, I can't get to the bathroom, and I'm nearly pissing myself."

I lifted her into my arms and carried her from the room, pausing in the doorway to look back at Sarah. "I'll be back for you in a while," I said, but she didn't react. She just stared at me with sad, defeated eyes.

I carried Debbie through into the main room of the cabin and took her over to where the suitcases lay open on the table. "Which one of these is yours?" I asked.

"What?" she demanded irritably as she squirmed in my arms.

"Which one?" I repeated.

"Christ, do we have to do this now? I'm about to piss myself. Again."

"Just answer the question."

She sighed and nodded her head towards the case containing the short denim skirt and the green sweater. "That one. Now can I go to the fucking bathroom?"

"Right, you'll be wearing these after you've showered," I informed her.

"I'm not doing anything for you," she retorted, swinging her legs as, presumably, the feeling in them started to return.

"So you'd rather get shot?" I asked.

"You're probably going to shoot us both anyway, so what do I care?"

"I won't shoot either of you unless you make me."

"Right. And you don't care if we give the police your description."

"Not in the least. Those assholes can't find their own dicks with both hands."

She regarded me in mild surprise, trying to decide if she could believe me or if I was just giving her false hope to make her more compliant. "I still don't see why you won't kill us," she said at last.

"I'm not a killer."

"Right," she repeated, her tone sardonic.

"I've never killed anyone, but I have roughed some people up when it's been necessary. Do you want to make it necessary for me to rough you up?"

Debbie let out a gasp, and I felt her body go rigid in my arms. She was struggling to hold back the contents of her full bladder and apparently only just succeeding. I could feel that her legs were now shaking, and she screwed up her eyes for a moment as if she needed every last ounce of concentration to keep from peeing herself.

"I asked you a question," I pointed out.

"No," she snapped, then more calmly, repeated, "No, I don't want you to hurt Sarah or me. I just want you to let us go."

"Maybe," I agreed, "but not yet."

"Oh God," she moaned. "Please, I have to go to the bathroom. Now!"

I carried her through the kitchen to the back of the cabin, to the door across the passage from the bedroom where Sarah sat waiting for attention. Inside, I lowered her to her feet. "Can you stand yet?"

She winced as she took her own weight, swaying so badly that I had to keep hold of her to prevent her falling. "Ooohhh! I'm so desperate to pee. I can't wait any longer. Please untie me. Quick!"

I peeled off the tape strapping her wrists together behind her back, and as it came free, she stiffly moved her arms. "Oh no," she whimpered. "I can't feel my hands." I watched her pawing ineffectually at the button of her waistband. She seemed unable to coordinate her thumb and fingers. In short, she couldn't undo her jeans yet. "Oh God, I can't wait," she complained again, sounding as if she might start to cry.

I inserted my right hand under the waistband of her jeans and pulled her round to face me. She looked alarmed as I released the button and pulled her zipper down. I stared back at her. "It's either this, or you stand there and piss yourself? Which one do you want it to be?"

She swallowed but didn't answer, so I set about pulling her jeans down until the waistband was level with her knees, then tugged down her panties too. As soon as they were clear of her crotch, she half-walked, half-staggered backwards and dropped down onto the open toilet. Her pee started to flow even before she was seated.

I stood and watched the relief spread over her features as she let it all go, then told her, "Get cleaned up, and I'll bring you some clean clothes from your case. And remember, don't try anything stupid, or Sarah will pay the price." She nodded sulkily, so I closed the bathroom door and left her to it.

I made a pot of coffee, listening to the shower running and aware that Debbie was standing in there wet and naked now. I went to her suitcase, took out a bra and some panties, the sweater and denim skirt, and even a pair of heels. I carried them to the bathroom and opened the door, placing the clothes on the towel rack and the shoes on the floor.

I poured coffee into a mug and carried it through into the bedroom. I peeled the tape off Sarah's lips and said, "Here, thought you might like some coffee while you're waiting for the bathroom."

She shook her head. "I want to piss, not drink fucking coffee," she said.

"Okay, if you want to be like that," I said, taking the gun from my belt and holding it to her temple. "Drink it," I ordered.

"Go fuck yourself, asshole," she told me.

"Okay," I repeated. "You might be willing to die to make a point, but what about your buddy in there? Do you want her to die too?"

Sarah regarded me with venomous eyes, and I could see she would have scratched my eyes out, or worse, if you could have done so. Instead, she turned her head to one side and studiously looked towards the room's only, tiny window. She finally seemed to make up her mind about something, then looked back at me with undisguised resentment. "All right," she agreed.

I held the mug to her lips and she started to drink in small sips. I was aware of her legs shifting as she drank, the addition of coffee to her body clearly heightening her desire to pee. She was about half way through it when she leaned forward, straining against the rope around her shoulders. "No more, not before I pee."

"Finish it," I ordered her.

"If I do, I'll piss myself."

"I won't tell you again," I warned.

She vented an irritable sigh and parted her lips as I held the mug to her mouth again. Her legs wiggled furiously as she continued drinking the coffee, and little straining noises were escaping through her nose. These became more frantic as she drained the mug, then sharply tipped back her head. "Let me go! I can't hold it any more."

I squatted down and began freeing her left ankle, but without haste. She was rocking and bouncing in sheer desperation, a long moan coming from somewhere deep in her throat. "Hurry up!" she shouted.

"You've pulled the knot tight," I informed her. "I can't work any faster."

"Just cut the rope!" she yelled.

"Oh no," I countered. "I may need to re-use it."

"Oh, shit!" she squealed, her face taut with lines where she was under so much strain to contain her pee.

I continued working on her bonds at the same, languid pace. At last I freed one leg, and she immediately bent her knee and squeezed her thighs together. "For God's sake, untie me!" she demanded again.

I started to work on the knot binding her right ankle. She had pulled this one tight too, and working it free without cutting the rope was going to take more time than she had. Nevertheless, I made a play of trying to undo it for the next minute or so, until Sarah finally cried out, "Oh no. No! Not again! Pleeeaaassseee!"

I looked down at her crotch in time to see her jeans turning dark as she began to piss herself. The acrid smell of urine, already present in the room from the girls' accidents the day before, suddenly intensified as Sarah peed and peed. Wetness spread down the legs of her jeans, some of the pee making its way down her calves to her ankles, while the rest streamed over the lip of the chair seat and felt like rain spilling from an unguttered roof. There was such a lot of it, more than twelve hours of accumulation.

"Why?" she whined miserably as the flow abated. "Why do you keep making us wet ourselves? Why keep humiliating us? If you're going to kill us, why don't you just get it over with?"

"I already told you, I'm not planning to kill you. Kiss you maybe."

She pulled a face which suggested the idea was repulsive. It stung a little, but then, I could hardly expect more under the circumstances.

I heard the toilet flush and realized it was time to attend to Debbie once more. I left Sarah sitting there, one leg free, jeans soaked with pee for the second time. "I'll be back in a few minutes," I told her as I went to the door. "Don't go anywhere."

Debbie was emerging from the bathroom as I re-entered the kitchen. I pulled up a chair at the kitchen table and indicated for her to sit down on it. She was wearing the clothes I'd put in the bathroom for her; the denim mini-skirt looked especially nice, showing off most of her slim legs. She seated herself, refusing to meet my gaze, another subtle snub which made me smile.

"Guess what I found?" I said as I reached into the bag I'd placed on the table and produced the two pairs of handcuffs and length of chain. "Looks like someone in your family is into the bondage games," I went on, "so maybe you're already into this kind of thing?"

I watched a tide of red travel up Debbie's face as she sat there regarding the handcuffs and chain. I grinned. "So, who likes to be chained up?" She didn't answer, so I went on, "Well then, I think you had better wear a pair each."

"Oh no," Debbie complained, pouting like a child who's just been told its bath time.

"Oh yes," I said, and taking up one of the sets of handcuffs, I moved behind her. "Hands behind your back."

"Do you have to do this?" she complained. "I won't try to escape, not with Sarah back there."

"Oh, we've gone way beyond that," I said. "Now, hands behind you."

With a sigh she obeyed and I closed a bracelet around one wrist until it was tight without cutting off her circulation -- I didn't want her trying to slide out. I then looped the short chain around the middle cross slat of the chair back and locked the second bracelet around her other wrist. This effectively prevented her moving her arms at all, and while she could stand and walk around with the chair attached, she wouldn't be able to get far.

I poured her a mug of coffee. "Cream?" I asked.

"I don't want any coffee," she replied.

"I insist. I'll add cream then."

"No," she said quickly, halting my hand just before I started to pour. "I take it black."

"Right," I said, and lifted the mug to her lips. "Want me to fetch the straw?"

"No," she said, and leaned her head forward to take a sip from the mug.

"Want some eggs for breakfast?"

"I don't want anything."

"You've got to be hungry," I persisted. "I'll make some eggs."

"I said I wasn't hungry," she said.

"Suit yourself."

I went in search of the duct tape, remembered that I'd left it in the bedroom, and went to retrieve it. As I entered the room, Sarah asked, "How much longer are you going to leave me here like this? I need to take a crap, or would you like me to do that in my pants too?"

"One more minute," I said, realizing that these girls were starting to oppose me. I would have to do something to put them back in their place before long; before they worked themselves up enough to try something stupid. When Sarah rolled her eyes, I went over to her and squeezed her checks between my fingers. "Do you want to make me a liar? If you two piss me off, I'm gonna hurt the pair of you. Real bad."

Some of the challenge went out of her eyes then. She looked frightened. She watched me pick up the roll of duct tape and the rope from the chair where Debbie had been secured, and leave the room. I tore off a strip as I approached Debbie and stuck it over her mouth, using my palm to press it firmly against her lips and cheeks. I then knelt down and used the rope to tie Debbie's ankles to the chair legs before going back for Sarah.

"Time for you to shower and change," I said, as I finished untying her legs and freed her body from the chair. As with Debbie, I left her hands taped as I led her through to the bathroom. I marched her through to the bathroom and freed her hands, warning her not to try anything stupid. I returned to the suitcases and, for her, selected a black skirt with a long vent, a pink sweater, and a pair of black heels.

Sarah emerged from the bathroom after fifteen minutes, and without being instructed, she sat on the last vacant chair at the kitchen table. She saw the handcuffs and chain but said nothing, having apparently overhead my conversation with Debbie. I plied Sarah with several mugs of coffee, then removing the tape from Debbie's mouth, forced her to drink several mugs too.

By the time I'd finished, they'd had more than a pint each, but it wasn't enough. I refilled four empty water bottles from the tap and placed them on the table. "Now some water," I said. Both girls began to object at once, but a warning stare from me silenced them both. The moaned and whined, but I eventually got two bottles of water into each girl. They had drunk three pints a piece, perhaps more. It would not be long before it hit their bladders. I was planning to leave soon, but I wanted to witness one last desperate struggle before I abandoned them to their fate.

"I think you need to be sitting somewhere more comfortable," I told them as I freed their legs. I walked them over to the sofa, sat them down, and then used the chain to secure Debbie's right ankle to Sarah's left. I also worked out what the short length of chain was for - with a little ingenuity, it could be used to join their pairs of handcuffs together, preventing them from reaching down to work on the chain binding their legs together.

They tested their new bonds for a few seconds, then both sat looking at me, waiting to see what I would do or say next. "You'll be glad to hear, I'm leaving today," I announced.

"Hoo-fucking-ray," Sarah said under her breath, but I caught it.

"Ah, Sarah, that last little thing that came with the cuffs and chain. It looks like some kind of horse's bit. I think you should try it out."

"Maybe you should just go stick it up you ass," she countered.

"Okay," I said slowly, nodding as I went back into the kitchen and retrieved the thing, whatever it was. I carried it to where the girls sat and grabbed Sarah's cheeks. I squeezed, forcing her mouth open, and inserted the bit between her teeth. I quickly pulled the strap around her head and secured the buckle at the back.

Debbie looked at her gagged friend, then turned a venomous tongue on me. "Why don't you just piss off now and leave us in peace. Creeps like you make us sick."

"Is that right?" I said, refusing to be baited. "Well, I'm afraid there was only one bit, but I think I can improvise something for you."

"I'm surprised you can even pronounce a big word like improvise."

"Oh dear. Now you have pissed me off," I said.

I walked over to the suitcases again, and rummaged through Sarah's. I'd noticed something in there that morning, and after a brief search, I found it: a pair of very colorful panties made of satin or something similar. I paused for a moment to imagine what these would look like on Sarah; these and nothing else. It was tempting...

"These should do," I remarked, holding them up for the girls to see.

They exchanged a worried glance, and Debbie asked, "What are you going to do?"

By way of an answer, I lifted a white cotton shirt from the same suitcase and began tearing it up, ripping off one of the arms and then the cuff. Then I returned to the waiting girls, smiling at their anxious faces.

I stood over Debbie, grabbed her hair and pulled it. As she opened her mouth to cry out, I stuffed Sarah's colorful panties into it and quickly bound then in place with the rolled-up sleeve. The sounds coming from Debbie now were so muted that I couldn't understand the words at all.

"That's much better," I said. I went to recover my gun, and sat myself down in a reclining armchair across the room to watch them.

For a while, they just stared back at me defiantly, but as the time passed, I noticed that they were both growing fidgety as the coffee and water worked it way through their bodies and began accumulating in their bladders. Muted moans reached me as they began to bend and rock, their legs shifting, their knees going together for a few moments and then parting again.

This went on for another half hour, by which time they were really squirming and complaining through their gags. Now they were both desperate to pee again, and I relaxed to enjoy the last show with these two. I fingered the gun as if to remind them that I could still change my mind and shoot them both before I left; they still didn't know that the gun was empty.

By the time the clock reached the hour of ten, now two hours since I'd forced each the girls to drink over three pints of liquid, they were bouncing on the sofa, rocking and squirming and moaning and gasping. Their bladders had to be as tight as drums, their muscles worn out from the extended periods of holding over the past twenty-four hours. I knew they were both very, very close to wetting their skirts, so at last, I stood up and strode casually over to them, the gun in my hand.

"Time to go, girls," I said. After a pause, I added meaningfully, "For all of us."

Their eyes widened in horror as they both stared at the raised pistol. It had the desired effect: Debbie's body jerked as pee gushed through her white panties and spread rapidly across the front of her little denim mini-skirt. She looked down at what she had done, close to tears at being forced to wet herself for the third time in a single day.

I stood at the end of the sofa, regarding the girls' chained wrists. Debbie cast a worried look in my direction, but Sarah steadfastly refused to look round at me. I pressed the muzzle of the gun against the back of her head so that she could feel the cold metal. She whimpered, still refusing to look at me. I pulled the trigger, and feeling the movement, Sarah gasped through her bit and immediately began to piss in her black skirt and panties. Her pee came out in a tremendous rush, but most of it must have soaked into the sofa.

Sarah was still pissing herself when I pulled the trigger again. She yelped in fright, but of course nothing came out. I pulled the trigger again and again until it was clear to both of the girls that it had been empty all along. Finally, Sarah looked round at me with tear-filled eyes.

I grinned again. "Thanks for that final show, girls. I really enjoyed it. But, that was definitely the one to go on."

Half an hour later, I was on the highway in their Subaru. I would have to ditch it by evening, and then I'd make an anonymous call to send the thickhead cops to the cabin to rescue the girls. I couldn't stop grinning at the thought of them making futile attempts to get free, when I had the keys to the handcuffs in my right pants pocket. They were in for another long, uncomfortable day in piss-soaked clothes. Serves the little yuppies right, I thought. But, damn, it had been a lot of fun.

