Cecile
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Watcher

I dated Cecile a few times a couple of months ago. She was very attractive - dark haired, brown eyes and, yes, very sexy legs!

A group of us used to go hiking together. One time we were sitting on some rocks overlooking a stream. I was sitting behind Cecile, and reached out and playfully started to tickle her. She didn't object, but said "If you don't stop, I'll go in my pants!" The thought of Cecile wetting her panties really turned me on - during the hike I had been walking just behind her, and couldn't take my eyes of her well shaped legs, imagining how they would look if little trickles began to flow down between her thighs. 'OK' I said, "I'll stop - this time," implying that I would like to continue the escapade.

A few months later we were on a canoe trip. Cecile was my canoeing partner. On the way back we were on a tight schedule - Cecile was in a hurry to catch a bus to Montreal to visit her family for a few days. However, we decided we had time for a meal on the way back.

Little did I know as we continued on our way that Cecile was getting desperately uncomfortable. I guess she didn't want to take time to go to the washroom, hoping instead to make it to the bus station in time to catch the bus to Montreal. When we reached the bus station, her bus was about to leave, so she rushed to the ticket counter and bought her ticket, then came back to the car to collect her pack. As we walked to the bus together, she took my arm and asked shyly "Do you want to know what happened to my pants?"

I turned to her and looked down - she was wearing black shorts. "What happened?" I asked jokingly - "did you wet your pants?"

"Yes" she said, "standing at the ticket counter - I just had to get the ticket in time, and couldn't hold on I was so desperate, I thought you might have noticed."

"Well, you're wearing black shorts, so they don't look wet - do you want to get the later bus and come back with me and change?"

"No" she said, "I'll be OK, it's happened before - I never seem to learn my lesson about going in time!"

"Don't worry - nobody will notice - it's not as if you were wearing jeans which would show the damp." I took both her hands and kissed her, then gave her a hug.

She giggled and said "I'm embarrassed I told you!"

"It's OK" I whispered back - "I know this sounds kind of weird, but wet panties really turn guys on."

"Are you serious?" she asked me, her eyes wide with surprise, "Doesn't it turn you off?".

"No, - especially if you let go on purpose, knowing that I was watching."

Cecile looked really surprised and at the same time embarrassed. Then she kissed me, saying "Got to go - bus is about to leave, and I hope it has a washroom because I'll need it real soon!"

"Want to meet for supper next Saturday, after you come back?"

"Sure" she said, "give me a call on Friday."

I drove home, feeling really aroused, thinking of Cecile sitting on the bus, wearing wet panties.

On Friday I called her, after we made arrangements for the next day I asked her how the journey to Montreal had been. "Awful" she said "the coach didn't have washroom." There was a long silence. "Don't you want to hear what happened?"

"Yes," I said, "You must have been in a real bad way by the time you got to Montreal - what happened?"

"Well, the washroom on the bus was locked. The driver apologised saying it was out of order. Aout half an hour after starting I was really uncomfortable. I asked the driver if he was going to stop anywhere, and he said he wasn't - that he was behind schedule."

"What a predicament to be in" I sympathized "How did you manage?"

"I held on for another 20 minutes or so, but was feeling so uncomfortable that I was squirming around in the seat. The guy sitting next to me asked me if I was all right, and I said Yes."

"Liar" I chided. "Don't keep me in suspense, did you or didn't you?"

"Did or didn't what?" she teased. "I got up and went to the back of the bus where there were some empty rows of seats. I sat, with no-one beside me and squirmed around for another few minutes." There was another silence - Cecile was really teasing me.

"And?" I asked in exasperation. "How long were you able to hold on for?"

"Oh, when I knew I was at the point of loosing control, we were only about half an hour from Montreal, so I thought I might be able to hang on."

"That would have been risky" I said - "You could probably hang on as long as you were sitting down, but it would have been even more obvious if you wet your pants when you stood up to walk off the bus - even if your black shorts didn't show the wetness, people would have noticed the little trickles running down your legs."

"That's what I thought too," Cecile continued, "so I went and walked to the back of the bus, where there was absolutely no-one. I stood there and let go - thoroughly soaking my panties and shorts."

"I wish I had been there to comfort you." I said softly.

"I wish you had been there too" she said quietly - "I wouldn't have felt so stupid."

"Well, maybe next time I will be with you!"

"Next time?" she giggled - "when's that going to be?"

"Oh, whenever it happens! By the way - did you take your socks and sneakers off before you wet you panties?"

"No" she said "so I squished my way back to my seat. I felt really ashamed, because my legs were dripping and wet and I was sure people would stare at me when I got off the bus, but actually they had dried off by the time we arrived."

"OK" I said, "It's getting late, and I have to do my laundry before tomorrow."

"What time will you pick me up?" she asked.

"Around 2:30" I replied, adding teasingly - "and better bring a change of jeans or shorts with you!"

"Sure will" she replied "with my luck anything might happen!"

The next day I picked her up. She was wearing cut-off jeans, white socks and sneakers. As she came out to the car, she saw me looking at the duffle bag she carried. "I thought I'd better bring along a change of shorts" she said, looking at me and adding, with a grin, "just in case."

"A mishap would be more obvious with those light denim shorts" I commented.

"Does that bother you?" she asked coyly.

"Not at all" I said.

"Let's hope there won't be too many other people around."

"We can go back to my place after the movie"

"We could skip the movie - might be too long!"

"Do you want to stop for a cold drink before we hike?"

"Sure"

We stopped at McDonalds and had a large coke each. Then we went hiking for an hour. We drove back into the city and went to the restaurant for our meal. Cecile had a beer, followed by two cups of coffee. After we finished eating, we lingered over another coffee. Cecile seemed preoccupied and a little bit fidgity. I asked her if she wanted anything else to drink. She said she would like another coffee, and mentioned that we should leave 'real soon.'

As we drove back to my place I asked her how she was doing. She replied that I "should drive as fast as possible." I looked over at her when we were stopped at traffic lights. Cecile was sitting with her hands clasped behind her knees, her legs squeezed tightly together. She was squeezing her lips tightly together with the effort she was making.

By the next stop light she had clasped her hands together between her knees, pressing against her crotch with her lower arms and wrists. She was squirming around and making little gasping noises.

I gently stroked the back of her neck with my fingers "Please don't" she gasped "not yet - that's too distracting - wait until we get to your place."

In a few minutes we had arrived at my place. Cecile asked me to unlock the door of the house before she got out of the car, so as she could run straight inside and upstairs to my room.

She was in such discomfort that she could hardly walk, let alone run! She sort of ran with short little steps, leaning over at her waist and her legs bent.

When we reached my room I took Cecile by the hand as I sat down in a chair, with her facing me.

"I can't hang on any longer" she gasped.

"Just a moment while I get some towels for the floor."

I took some towels out of the drawer and sat down with them on my lap.

"I'd rather stand" Cecile gasped. She was standing with her legs tightly crossed at the knees, pressing her hands tightly against her crotch. She groaned with the effort and rubbed one leg up and down against the other. She leant forward from her waist, bending her knees to keep balance. I spread the towels just in front of me, almost between my feet.

Cecile walked forwards and stood on the towels, still clutching herself. I began to caress the back of her knees and thighs. She gasped out: "I'm starting to wet my pants."

I leant forwards, watching closely. Sure enough a dark stain began to ooze out from under her hands. Soon her crotch was soaked as Cecile lost control and wet her pants! She crossed and uncrossed her legs as the flow increased. Little trickles began to run out from under her cut-offs and drip down her legs. I took both her hands in mine, she took a deep breath as I squeezed her hands.

"Let go completely" I urged.

She nodded. and I could see her relax. The flow became a torrent which completely saturated her shorts. The streams flowed down between her legs which she still kept squeezed together. I let go of her hands and pressed against my hands against the back of her shorts. She leant back against my hands, and I felt the bottom of her shorts become warm and damp, as the flows continued to stream down her bare legs, so that they glistened with wetness.

She spread her legs slightly and bent her knees even more so that she was almost sitting on my hands. The bottom of her shorts was soaked through and saturated as she continued to let go.

Cecile was wetting her panties for me! It was incredibly sexy to see her standing there, loosing control and soaking herself!

