We had met and got on very well, the shared sex, after a panty wetting session, had been just terrific. Today we plan to go to the coast to stay in my mobile home, at Breckelsham Bay. You are wearing a green woolen sweater with a vee neck, which shows just a swelling of pink ample breasts, a blue pleated skirt, (which is quite short) over blue schoolgirl panties, with white ankle socks and white trainers. You look very attractive with your hair swept back. The car is comfortable and warm, and the weather sunny. After a time, we stop and have a drink at a pub. We are aware that it's holiday time so that we are relaxed and you drink two pints of lager. You don't have time to go to the toilet before we go, but you don't really have to go yet anyhow. Back on the road again the talk turns to sex and we recount past experiences of wet sex experiences, both becoming very turned on.
Suddenly you say "this is making me want to pee, in fact I am nearly peeing myself talking to you; already the crotch of my panties is soaked, feel me!"
You lift up your skirt, opening your legs to afford my hand access to stroke your vagina through your wet knickers as I drive with my right hand. My left hand touches your thigh as it travels up your legs till it reaches your sopping vagina. I spread my fingers around it. My finger plays delicately with your clit through the wet material, waves of pleasure course through your legs and tummy...
We begin to act out a fantasy– you begin by saying: "If you carry on doing that I shall pee my panties! I mean if you do, you're going to make me cum, and I am almost cumming now. I know it's turning you on as well, because I can see your cock sticking up inside your trousers." "Actually I would like to let it all come in my knickers and cum all over your hand at the same time– Ooh! It's coming, I can't hold it!"
As the last waves of pleasure subside, you plead, "Ian, please may I wet myself? I know you want to fuck me, and that as soon as we arrive you will want to make me bend straight–legged over a dining chair while you remove my panties, inspect me, and then strap the back of my legs till I wee–wee again."
You ease my fingers out of your now creamy twat and replace your skirt saying, "when these start to dry, they are going to smell, I will be like a little schoolgirl who wet herself in class and had to sit in it till it dried."
We make one more stop at an up–market roadhouse and as we stand at the bar you are conscious of your semi–dry panties clinging to the top of your thighs caressing your sex beneath your skirt, rubbing against your pussy lips, and so exciting you that you start to cream your panties.
"Come on, Carline I can not wait to get there now, it's alright for you Carline, you have cum once, but my prick is now aching to be inside your dirty wet vagina. Gosh, you know I can smell your dirty panties from here– you rude girl, don't you feel embarrassed?
"No, not at all but I can not wait to see what you do when you see my wet panties. Anyway we had better hurry or I will be pissing again, although this time on this expensive carpet and all down my legs. This time someone might see," she whispered. "I am having to frig my vagina beneath the table, look I have got cum juice all over my fingers. Oh! I need your cock up me now, fucking in and out long and slow, and Ian, I just let myself cum a little, come on, let's go!"
We hurry to the caravan and waste no time getting to the site and into the mobile which was very luxurious and made us feel right at home. I show you around, we unpack, and then pour out drinks. We start to caress one another and the atmosphere becomes tense with the need to fulfill our lust. It is very quiet and we stare at each other, savoring the stillness and the tension. The sound of drops landing on the carpet causes us to look down, and there between your feet a puddle is forming on the carpet. I watch your hand slide slowly down your legs and then up under your skirt you are frigging yourself beneath your clothes, right through your piss–wet panties. Your vagina lips are swollen and thick with love juice running out.
I said, "Now stand in front of the chair back, bend over, and raise your skirt. So! You have pissed yourself again, now let's slide these dirty panties down your legs. What is this, a wet bum?"
"That's my surprise when you chased me out of the bathroom before we set off I did not even have time to wipe myself. Oh! That hurts!"
Ian has taken a strap and slaps Carline's bare legs. He takes twelve slaps– on the eighth a white–hot stream of piss spurts from Carline's vagina after which the remaining slaps fall. The carpet is soaked with piss. Carline's heels press down into it. Her panties, soaked with cum stains, now softened by the piss, begin to curtain and slide down the rear of her ample thighs.
"Oh! That's nice!" Ian has taken a warm wet flannel and wiped her legs and vagina. Oh, yes, slide your prick between my legs– OOOOOh, it's so good please put it up me!"
She feels his prick fill her vagina and closes her legs on that pleasure giving, hard, purple ended prick. He fucks slowly in and out, she feels his swollen cock about to spurt. Instinctively her hand flies to her clit and she frigs madly so that she cums at the same time, his warm hands holding her tits under her sweater. There is no sound apart from their labored breathing. Ian says to Carline, "love, that was bloody marvelous!"
Undine (Email Welcome... just click on the name)