And Now, This Message... (An advertisement we’d all love to see)
It was nearly impossible to drive with one hand on the wheel and one foot slammed down on the gas, but Brooke had no choice. Her other limbs were occupied. Her other hand was buried between her thighs, pressing and squeezing tight the mound of her puss through the sweaty spandex of her bike shorts. Her shapely, free leg was wrapped around the working one, and her thighs ground together hard. Her pert boobs rose and fell in her baby T–shirt as she breathed heavily through her teeth, every so often emitting a tortured moan or sob through her luscious lips. She was so lucky she hadn’t yet been stopped for speeding, as she was tearing through the nighttime city streets like a bat out of hell, frantic to get to a toilet. It seemed like it had taken forever to reach her apartment building, and when she turned in to the entrance she had to stop at the barricade as always. She knew the guard running the gate would take time to ogle her cleavage and model’s face through the security–cam before letting her in, and she took the opportunity to free her driving hand to help its partner for a moment. As she waited, she muttered through her clenched teeth: "Stupid sports drinks!" Brooke’s long red hair trailed behind her as she trotted as fast as her baby steps and clenched thighs allowed. The gym bag on her shoulder was awkward and weighed her down, but she couldn’t adjust it because she was squeezing herself with both hands. She almost lost control when she had to free a hand to tap frenziedly on the elevator button, and she had to wriggle and jiggle her shapely ass until the elevator door finally opened. As she fell in, squirming and shifting her feet, she said a silent prayer that she would make it to her floor without any delays, then muttered: "Stupid long workout!" The elevator made three stops before it reached her floor, treating new passengers to the show of her desperation. She couldn’t have hidden it if she tried. The run to her apartment was brutal, and she danced her own, futile Riverdance as she fumbled with her keys and whined: "Stupid, cruddy, gym bathrooms!" Brooke was almost crying as her objective came ever closer. She didn’t bother to close the front door behind her. She had no time. She felt the heat and flow of urine in her urethra as she tossed her bag on a chair in the living room and ran into the bedroom and to the bathroom within. She raced to the door and grabbed the knob, realizing only with a painful impact that the door was locked. "Nonononono!" She moaned as she pounded on the door. "Kathy! Oh God, Kathy, you gotta get out of there! I’m gonna piss myself! I’ve been holding it forever! Kathy? Are you all right in there? You gotta hurry up! I can’t hold it anymore!" She squealed as a sudden gush of warm piss flowed out of her. Her crotch became saturated as the flow forced itself through the fabric and Brooke’s hand, scattering and dropping to the carpet with a soft, sprinkling sound. It tapered off, but didn’t stop, and it would be seconds before the rest came out in a flood. "Oh, man...Oh man, I’m pissing!! Kathy!! Damn it, get out of there!! I have to go!! Are you hearing me?! Please, Kathy, its coming out!!" In the bathroom, in a warm, sudsy bath, Kathy shifted her leg to give her hand more room as it lightly caressed her pussy. She listened with a smile on her face as her gorgeous roommate detailed the account of her latest accident. With a mischievous look in her eye she slowly raised a sweet candy bar to her lips, took a big bite and chewed ever so slowly, savoring every moment of the taste sensation. Cue the announcer: Not going anywhere for a while? "Kathy, you bitch!! It’s running down my legs!!" Grab a Snickers.
Fox