Jill always got really, really horny when there was a full moon. The full moon affects a lot of people in a lot of ways, but that's what it did to Jill. Let me describe her. Jill was a tall, slim brunette with beautiful olive skin, brown eyes, the perfect ass, and exquisite long legs. She loved to wear tight, sexy clothes... the kind that would make both men and women turn their heads when she walked into a room. Her favorite outfit was skin– tight faded jeans with a top that came down to just below her round, melon–like tits (she had these done). She could model jeans. She could wear these things –hot pants, micro mini skirts, even tight pants – and not look too trashy. Jill had a lot of fondness for teasing...this would go on sometimes for hours– the longer that she teased, the more horny she would become. She was also very creative with her sexual adventures and ideas. She loved to hold in her piss for a long while, and would invent ways and means to accomplish this. At our first meeting– a happy day, indeed– I asked her how she could hold her piss for so long. Her reply was "when I'm stimulated sexually, such as when someone or something rubs my tits, ass or pussy, I can hold on forever– the longer I hold, the more horny I become." She told me that the actual discomfort or pain of holding in her piss was somewhat pleasurable to her if she knew that someone was watching, women included, as she was bisexual. Her favorite thing was to go to public places and discreetly rub against or even hump things. She would do these things sort of surreptitiously, all the while knowing that people might possibly notice. If they responded with a certain look in their eyes, it would absolutely set her on fire! One fine morning, Jill woke up and as I was getting ready to go to work she came downstairs, grabbed me and said "It's a full moon, and I'm really, really horny... take off today and we'll play!" HOT DAMN! I didn't need any more reason than that, so I called in sick and waited for her to get ready for our adventure. After a while, she came downstairs wearing a pair of favorite jeans and a red cutoff tee shirt barely covering her tits. She said "I'm going to drink a beer now and I'll take some with me, and we'll improvise from there." I said that was cool and she popped open a beer. Jill had a way of looking at me with this certain expression that drove me nuts. She is quite attractive and has these really full lips that get kind of pouty looking when she's turned on. As she started drinking the beer I noticed that she was looking down at herself while standing there and would once in a while kind of move one leg back and forth for a couple of minutes while moving her hand over her ass. I looked at the entranceway, noticed that she had packed a small bag and asked her "are we staying over somewhere?" "No, I'm bringing along a few changes of things because I'll be wetting these after a while" she replied. I started wondering "oh shit, can I handle this?" I noticed Jill jiggling her leg again as she got that pouty expression for a second and I asked her what the matter was and you won't believe her reply. She said "I came up with a new idea the other day while shopping at the mall. I went into the lingerie store (a famous one we all know) and I found some really cool panties. They're all lacy and the lacy part goes all around, even on the underside. They're not lined with soft material in the crotch, so I thought if I wear them inside out under some of my skin– tight outfits, they'll rub me and I'll be really turned on." HOLY SHIT! Before we go on, I need to tell you that one of Jill's favorite things to do was to masturbate herself while in public places, especially in the car. She could just squirm in the seat and open and close her legs rapidly for a few minutes and have an orgasm, especially if she was turned on by something right at that moment. If she was out walking, she could discreetly jiggle one of her legs and secretly touch her tits or pussy when no one was looking and she'd come. Finally, after finishing her beer, we jumped into the car and took off for the mall. As I'm driving down our street, I see our neighbor, a 19–year old college student out in front of her house wearing a bikini while lying on a lounge chair getting a tan. Fortunately, I had to stop for the stop sign and as I looked at Jill, I noticed her looking at this girl and then her legs started moving while that look came over her. She just said "MMMM...she's so sexy and I think she has to pee." I looked back at the girl and noticed that she had one leg propped up and was wiggling it back and forth as her hand kind of rubbed her other thigh. This really got Jill started up. Cool! I continued on with Jill every once in a while reaching inside her shirt to rub a nipple. At a red light I looked at her and I noticed that her hips were sort of moving back and forth on the seat...ever so slightly and almost imperceptibly. You wouldn't know if you didn't really watch her. I asked her if she was getting horny and she said "oh yeah...I'm on fire– I think I'm gonna cum soon. That girl really got my pussy wet, and I think I have to piss a little as well." She had opened a second beer and drank it rather quickly while another one was sitting in the cup holder half finished. She told me "Keep driving…don't stop! I want to tease you and then cum while we're riding." "You're the boss," I said. I looked over at her crotch. She was squirming a little bit more noticeably from front to back with the seam of her faded jeans which fit her like a glove was up in her crack allowing me to clearly see the outline of her pussy. As she squirmed, she was opening and closing her legs slightly faster. She then began to pant while telling me "I'm so horny...oh! My pussy is so hot! Oh...I'm on fire...Oh, I'm gonna cum soon...touch me!" She began putting her hands over her tits while squeezing them and pinching the nipples. Let me tell you, it was hard to drive like this. As I reached over and touched her pussy she moaned and squirmed against my fingers then looked out the side window and noticed a blonde walking down the street in tight cutoff jeans. She had her hands in her pockets and as she reached the bus stop she appeared to do a subtle little pee dance. She was moving her hips in a vaguely sexual way and wiggling her leg. Jill moaned again, started to squirm harder and her legs moved quicker. Her pussy was so hot to the touch that you could have lit a cigarette off of it! "Ooh, I'm on fire! These panties are rubbing me and I'm going to cum in my jeans! Oh, look at that girl – she's gotta pee! I might pee too, when I cum –I gotta go bad now...It feels so...good...Oh!" She leaned over with one hand in her shirt and one on my throbbing "diamond cutter" and started squirming like mad as she licked the side of my face, while moaning "Oh God...I'm coming!" I looked over after stopping the car to watch her as she came. Somehow she kept her legs open so I could see the wet spot appear on the seam of her jeans and spread slightly while she came, panting and squirming.
Jiggledigger.