Title: Debra's Dares

By: Neil (of Neil & Rosemary)

During the years that I have been interested in desperation, and have been watching for it in others, there have been two feats of female endurance that stand out in my mind as exceptional, and any other woman who would dare to try to emulate them would either be very capacious, or very brave.

Waiting in a Coach

------------------

A group of friends, mainly in their twenties and thirties, went on a day's coach outing. I was un-attached at the time, and in the party was an unattached girl called Sheilah, above average height, slim, longish brown hair, in her early twenties. That day she was wearing a tight pair of denim jeans. I had met her several times before, and knew she was independent and fairly outspoken, though not what I would have called a feminist. I had no illusions about her fancying me, but we got along quite well as friends. 

We had lunch in a pub, and I noticed that Sheilah drank two pints of bitter with her lunch, at a time when it was unusual for a girl to drink pints. I had already noticed that she was not among those who went to the loo at the first stop, but she did go in the pub. Not surprising after two pints, with an afternoon in a coach to come. 

The tour ended with a two hour stop in an old market town, with the coach scheduled to leave at 9 pm, for a two hour journey home. I joined Sheilah looking round the old part of the town for an hour, before going into what appeared to be an interesting pub to try the local beer. We had two pints each there, before deciding it was not such a special pub, and moving on after about half an hour. I was considering having a pee, but as Sheilah made no move in that direction, I waited.

We walked back towards the coach meeting point, coming to another pub that did not look too bad.

"What do you think?" I asked Sheilah.

"As long as it's got a loo, it will be good enough," she replied, heading towards the saloon bar.

It was my round, so I had to hang on while she went straight to the loo, seeming to need to go quite badly. As soon as we had our drinks, pints of bitter again, and found a table, I was off to the loo, definitely wanting to go by then. All the evidence of the day indicated that Sheilah had a similar bladder capacity to me.

We had another pint, Sheilah's round, because she wouldn't let men buy her drinks, and had to drink that quickly to get back to the coach in time. Naturally we both had a pee before we left the pub.

The coach was not full, so I was sitting alone, and so was Sheilah, about two seats back, with another single man opposite her. I had assumed that there would be another, short pub stop about half way home, mainly to let everyone pee, and it wasn't until the coach had started that I found out that the driver's 'hours' were up, and he wasn't stopping. It was too late to do anything then, but within half an hour I was feeling the need to pee, and as usual, it got steadily worse. It seemed likely that Sheilah was also wanting to go, and we were not the only two who had been in the pub. 

A bit later and I was getting desperate, sitting with my legs crossed, hoping somebody would ask the driver to stop. Making up some reason to go back and talk to Sheilah, I saw that she also had her legs crossed, probably as desperate as me.

We still had over an hour to go, and I was getting worried, because I wanted to go really badly, and getting worse all the time. We were approaching London, and I had visions of being caught somewhere in town, absolutely desperate for a pee, nearly wetting myself, and nowhere to go. Luckily, just at that time several other men began complaining they also need to pee, so acting as spokesman, I went up and asked the driver if he could stop. He didn't want to, but I persisted, pointing out that we were approaching a lay-by, with some bushes behind it, where we could pee, and that we would only be stopped for a minute or two.

He stopped, we piled out, I began peeing behind the nearest bush, wanting to see if any of the women got out for a pee. I thought Sheilah had to be desperate, but she did not get out, nor did any of the other women, but several more men realised why we had stopped and hurried out to take a pee. 

The rest of the journey was uneventful, except that I could not believe that Sheilah had not had a pee. She had to be wanting to go badly, and she knew quite well how long it would take to get home. When we were nearly home I went back to her again, to offer her a lift home from the coach stop, also observing that she now had her legs very tightly crossed. She refused this offer, not surprising, as we both knew it was miles out of my way, saying that there was a late bus she could get, but she would have to rush away as soon as the coach stopped or she would miss it. True to her word, the moment the coach stopped she said goodbye and was walking quickly down the road, round the corner, and out of sight.

Only afterwards did I work out the full implications of the trip. Assuming we had roughly equal bladders, which all my observations indicated, and we had had the same to drink, then she should have been close to wetting her knickers, as I most certainly would have been if I hadn't peed in the lay-by. She must have wanted to go then, and she did not seem to be the sort of girl who had inhibitions about peeing behind a bush, particularly in the dark. 

How on earth had she managed to hold out for the rest of the journey? Why didn't I realise at the time how desperate she must have been, and keep a closer watch on her? She must have been frantic, yet she seemed to be walking normally when she left. Maybe the bus was just an excuse to make a dash to the nearest loo, in a pub she would be passing. I could not get away from the others to follow her, so I will never know. What I do know is that the ladies in that pub was a single cubicle, and on a Saturday night there was normally a queue. The agony she would have suffered, after walking 200 yards, having to wait in the queue when she thought she had finally made it. Leg twisted, holding herself, doubling over, who knows what she would have done, but I wish I had been there to see.

Anyway, the point of this story is to give Debra a scenario to act out. After a normal day, drink four pints of beer between eight and nine o'clock, then sit somewhere public for the next two hours, or take a bus or train ride for that time. She should then have to walk some distance along a crowded street, wearing jeans, until she finds a loo, which, if she is very brave, or strong, she stands outside for a few minutes, as if in a queue. I will never be able to ask Sheilah how desperate she was that night, but maybe Debra will oblige.

Waiting in a Car

----------------

A group of us at a local pub which was infamous for its Sunday lunch- time sessions, in the days when pubs still had to close at 3 o'clock on Sundays. Among the crowd was a girl called Penny, a cute little blonde, nice figure, maybe a few pounds overweight, wearing very tight jeans which clearly showed the outline of her tiny knickers. She drank halves of lager, a lot of them, and appeared to have a small bladder, going to the loo at about 15 minute intervals once the drink took effect. (I used to notice this, and fantasise about her not being able to go so often.)

At the end of the session there was a spontaneous, drunken, decision made to drive to the coast, as it was a fine day. Those of us mad enough to do this got into several cars and agreed to meet at the sea-front. (Don't ask about blood-alcohol levels!)

I was in a car with Penny, who didn't have a boyfriend at the time, and two other men. I guess that Penny had drunk her normal, about 6 to 8 halves of lager, that session, including the traditional extra 'for the road.' Since the idea of going to the coast had not come up until closing time, none of us had considered slowing down our drinking because of the journey.

Fifteen, twenty, minutes later, I was beginning to want a pee, and suddenly thought that Penny must also be needing to go. I was in the front, she was in the back, and turning to talk to her, I could see that she was sitting partly sideways so she could keep her legs together. Five minutes later, she had crossed her legs, an even more awkward position, as there wasn't a lot of room in the back of the car. 

A bit longer, I was bursting, and I had a lot bigger bladder than Penny, so why wasn't she asking to stop for a loo? A bit further and one of the other men started saying he needed to pee, and the driver agreeing. Still no comment from Penny, though it seemed her legs might be crossed more tightly.

Then John, the driver, pulled into a lay-by, saying he could not wait any longer to find a public loo, and all three men were heading through a gap in the hedge. Penny plaintively asked what girls were suppose to do, only to be told 'Go behind the hedge, the same as us, we won't look .'

Despite complaining that she was bursting, she stayed in the car, her inhibitions about squatting behind the hedge overcoming her bladder's needs. I was getting interested now, because it was over half an hour since we left the pub, and I reckoned she had to be desperate. Normally she would have peed once already and been wanting to go a second time. I expected her to demand a stop at the next public loo, garage, service area, whatever came along, but to my surprise, she said nothing more about loos.

It was a least another 45 minutes before we got to the coast, and I was really wanting another pee by then. As best I could from the front seat, I was watching Penny, and she had kept her legs crossed for virtually the whole journey, and for the last fifteen minutes they really had been tightly twisted together. She had one hand on her tummy, as if it was hurting, and had undone the waist band of her jeans. We parked on the sea-front, and began looking for the others. As soon as we were out of the car, Penny twisted her legs tightly together, pulling up her jeans with both hands in her pockets.

"Quick! Where's the public loos, I'm bursting, I must find one NOW!" Both the tone of her voice and her actions showed how urgent this need was.

Fortunately, for Penny at least, the loos were less that fifty yards away, and clearly visible, so I was not treated to an extended display of desperation. Her walk was a bit stiff-legged, and she kept her hands in her jeans pockets all the way, both classic signs of desperation, but otherwise she gave no indication of how desperate she was. Her jeans were so tight that it would have been impossible for her abdomen to swell up, however great the pressure in her bladder.

Reviewing events later, I began to realise just how desperate she must have been. When drinking, she would normally pee every 15 minutes, presumably wanting to go quite a lot when she did. With the amount she had drunk that day, based on my own experiments after drinking a lot of beer, she would have carried on producing urine at the same rate for at least thirty minutes after we left the pub, so Penny would normally have gone to the loo twice by then. After that, urine production slows gradually, but by the time we reached the coast, over an hour and a quarter from the pub, she would have gone once more and been ready for a fourth pee. 

This meant that when she got out of the car she was holding nearly four times what her bladder could comfortably hold. The poor girl must have been in agony, on the point of exploding, and how on earth was she able to hold it back and walk almost normally? She never talked about it, I never knew her well enough to ask her, so it will remain a mystery.

Since Debra has a bigger bladder than Penny, her task this time is more complicated. She has to find out how frequently she would normally want to pee after drinking a few beers, say every 'X' minutes. Then she has to drink a lot of beer or shandy, at least four or five pints, and, wearing tight jeans, sit in the back seat of a car, or similar cramped position, for five times 'X' minutes, then walk fifty yards, trying to act normally, before she can pee. Penny was forced by circumstances to do it, can Debra do it voluntarily? 

Neil, March 2001.

Rosemary won't try either of these scenarios for me. She says she knows her limitations, and both are beyond her. I think that her bladder capacity is similar to Penny's, and that if she could manage to wait so long under duress, then Rosemary should be able to as well. Maybe one day I will be able to set her up so she has to emulate Penny, but that would be a cruel trick. 

