Title: Damsel in Distress
	Entry to: Month 23. Received 19/02/2000 (on time), published 26/02/2000.
By: Anonymous

Young Lady Alicia awoke suddenly to find two masked strangers standing over her. The rest of her capture was a blur, and the next thing she was aware of was being on a cart - she could hear the wheels and the horses, but could see nothing because of the binding around her eyes.

She tried to cry out, but the straw dust from the cart caught in her throat and made her cough.

"Ah, the sleeping beauty awakens" she heard a rough voice say.

"Who are you? Where are you taking me?"

"Never you mind"

She could get no answer, so she decided it was best to remain silent.

After some time, the cart stopped and she was picked up and carried for some distance - although she could not see, she could feel the atmosphere was cold and damp. Lady Alicia shivered, as she was still wearing only her nightgown and undergarments that she had been sleeping in. She was set down and almost stumbled as she was pushed down into a chair.

"Bind her" an instruction was barked. First her ankles were bound to the chair she was sitting on, lifting her bare feet off the cold floor. As something was fastened around her waist she started coughing again. "Fetch her some water" the same voice said, and one of the men could be heard walking away. The other continued by tying one arm to the chair. The other man returned and gave her a jug.

She put it to her lips and drank thirstily as she wasn't sure when she would next get to eat or drink, and her throat was very dry from the dusty cart. The jug was taken from her and her other arm tied.

Finding her voice, Alicia out

"You will not get away with this! Sir Richard will rescue me and my father will have you all executed!"

This provoked nothing but an evil laugh, followed by a door slamming.

The disappearance of Lady Alicia had soon been discovered, and the King had sent Sir Richard to her rescue. Sir Richard took two of of his trusted friends and rode after the kidnappers.

Some hours passed, and Alicia, still blindfolded heard nothing but a faint rustling which she feared could be rats. She became increasingly uncomfortable, being unable to move or see. She was also starting to wish she had been less eager to gulp down the water - the rope tied tightly around her slim waist and the cold air were causing a tingling in her bladder. Her stomach was also complaining as she had been given nothing to eat.

As she was thinking how hungry she was, one of her captors entered and said "Food". One of her hands was released and some bread was thrust into it. She ate what she could of the bread, but it was very dry, and she had to drink some more water to be able to swallow it, although she was mindful of her other needs.

"Might I be allowed to get up and walk a few steps?" she asked. "I'm getting so very stiff here."

"Later", said the guard, and slammed the door again.

Her arms were starting to ache from being held in position, and her discomfort was causing her to shift around in the chair, as far as she could. Being seen in public all the time she had become used to ignoring the demands of parts of her body, but it was easier when there was something else to concentrate on.

A short while later Alicia did have something to concentrate on - a voice whispered "My Lady, it's me, Richard - make no sound." She nodded.

While removing her blindfold and bindings, he explained in a whisper that alas his friends had been killed or injured - they had not realised how many of the bandits they were up against until it was too late. But Richard had found a second way in to the hideout, and managed to sneak past the guards.

Whilst listening to this tale Alicia blinked as her eyes adjusted - the light was dim, but still bright after hours of blindness. She was in a stone-walled room, like some kind of dungeon.

"I will carry you if you wish, but it may be easier if you walk with me" said Richard.

"I will walk," said Alicia, who had no footwear.

"We must be silent or we will be caught"

"I shan't make a sound"

They ducked out of the open door and door a corridor lit by torches placed along the wall. They made several turns and then Richard stopped suddenly. He pointed to a doorway and they ducked into a room. It was a well lit room with a table and chairs. "I think someone is coming this way" whispered Richard, "quickly!" and indicated a wooden ladder leading up to a wide shelf-like bed. There was no mattress on it, but it was above head height and easily wide enough for both of them to hide there. No sooner than they both got up to the bed, two men entered the room and sat down at the table.

It had worked - the men obviously had no idea that Sir Richard and Alicia were also in the room, and they resumed their card game. They had lay down facing in opposite directions, so Alicia could see only Richard's booted feet as she lay front down. It became clear that the men weren't going to leave again in a hurry. That sat joking and drinking and playing cards. At least they were safe up here for now. But now that the initial fright had lessened, Alicia was again aware of her distended bladder, having not relieved it since the evening before, and then drinking from the water jugs. She slowly brought her legs together, as she had fallen with them apart and then frozen in place. That allowed her to squeeze give her thighs together, which made her more comfortable.

More time passed, and the men still showed no sign of finish their games. Presently a third man entered and walked across the room. Evidently it was to where the latrine was, as Alicia heard the sound of him urinating noisily. This instantly made her discomfort many times worse - Alicia began to think that she would be unable to wait much longer. But there was no alternative, if she let herself go, apart from the incredible embarrassment of Sir Richard having a graphic view of her loss of dignity, her water would run through the planks and give them away.

She almost gasped as Richard put his hand on the back of her leg. She realised that without thinking she had started bouncing it slightly because of her need. She quickly brought herself under control - their lives depended on not being discovered. Alicia's sudden moment of desperation had passed and her bladder returned to its painful throbbing.

Another half hour rolled by, until a second man went to empty his bladder. This was nearly too much, and Alicia felt the muscles between her legs twitching - they couldn't understand that other people could relieve themselves when they pleased, while Alicia couldn't. And now, too add to her difficulties, Alicia felt her nose twitching. She couldn't allow herself to sneeze! The guards would hear the sound, and even if they did not, she was sure the shock would be too much for her straining bladder to contain. She stopped breathing in the hopes the threat of the sneeze would go, and moved the hand she was not lying on up to hold her nose.

Alicia had never been in such discomfort, not even when attending the ceremony in Aramila when she had drunk 5 glasses of wine, and then had to remain seated for many hours. When she dared breath again, she found the urge to sneeze had gone, but her more pressing urge had not. If only she could roll over so she was not lying on her bladder, she thought that would help. She tried lifting her hips off the planks, but tensing the muscles just put more strain on her tense bladder.

"Oh go away!" she willed the guards, and, as if in response to her thought, one of them left. The other two, to Alicia's desperate disappointment, remained. She wondered if she could somehow cross her legs, but decided it would be too awkward. Instead, she edged her free left hand down, moving towards a position where she could hold onto herself. Unfortunately Sir Richard assumed she was reaching out to him, and took her hand in his. If only she could explain how much more comforting it would be to have her hand free rather than held.

Finally, the other two men finished with their cards and left the room. Alicia wanted to jump up, but restrained herself, keeping still for just another minute, wondering how far the men had gone. Then Richard sat up.

"I think they are gone. We must get out of here." he said. They climbed down and Richard moved to the door. Alicia moved gingerly to the other side of the room. "Quickly!" whispered Richard.

"But I must just...", but Richard had taken her hand and pulled her from the room. As she tried to walk normally, Alicia could now use her hand to hold on, and she did so. They walked a little way down the cold damp corridor before Richard glanced back to see Lady Alicia hobbling along with her hand pressed between her legs.

"Is something wrong my lady?" asked Sir Richard. She could not believe that he could not work out for himself what her problem was.

"I am fine, but..." she paused and blushed, "I would like a private moment."

"It is not far back to the entrance now, you can rest there"

"Very well" said Alicia, although she did not feel it. Her bladder was in agony and she thought she would very soon lose control of herself.

At last they reached the back entranceway, which to their relief was unguarded. As they went through it and into the woods outside, a chill breeze hit them. Alicia shuddered and felt a sudden warmth on her leg.

"You must pardon me" said Alicia, and she hopped behind the nearest large tree and squatted, desperately pulling at her garments. At first her pee came so slowly as her seized muscles gave way, and then presently flowed more freely. She saw that Sir Richard was also relieving himself against a tree nearby, but finished and turned while Alicia was still in midflow. Too embarrassed to continue for any longer, Alicia forced herself to stop peeing and stand.

They walked the short distance back through the misty wood to Sir Richard's horse and he jumped onto the animal's back before lifting Alicia after him. The bouncing of the horse and the rush of the cold air against her bare skin caused Alicia enough discomfort that she allowed herself to add a little of her own moisture to the sweat of the horse, hoping that when they arrived back her dampness would not be nothing more than that from the mist in the air.
