The Exhibition (part 6)

By Francine

CHAPTER 6. The Last Day

Midnight arrived. Her door opened. A police officer entered, one she had not met before. She sat upright, tried to cover herself upon realizing she was naked. He addressed her, "I have orders to move you to another room until morning. Take your..... clothes...... and come with me." She grabbed her still damp panties and bra, and, holding them in front of her, started to follow. He stopped her. "I suggest you use the toilet first. You will likely regret it if you don't!" Nancy as was taken aback at this new indignity. However, she had come too far to risk further punishment now. She sat on the toilet and urinated, profusely, as she recognized the amount of water that had still been in her body.

The officer took her to another room. It was smaller than the one she had been using, with a small barred window and a cot. There was no sink, no toilet, and no table. He left her there, and locked the barred door.

She draped her damp underwear on the foot of the cot, and lay prone on it, uncovered. What can they still do to me, she thought.

Morning came. No one came to attend to her, though she was aware of traffic in the hall. Once or twice, someone in the hall peered into her room, looking at her naked form, still prone on the cot.

Finally, a familiar voice came to her, with the unlocking of the door. Clarence slipped inside.

"Are you ready for your final day?"

"I suppose. But why was I moved? And why am I in this room without a toilet? May I please be allowed to use one?" she asked, as she slipped on her panties and bra.

"You will go the magistrate's hearing at ten. That a little over an hour from now. In the meantime, we will give you some breakfast. When you go to the hearing, the magistrate will establish the arrangements for your deportation, which you will need to accept, as will your husband and attorney. The magistrate gave orders as to how your are to appear, which is the reason for your room change."

"Why did he want my room changed?"

"The magistrate expects you to cooperate with the arrangements. He sometimes finds foreigners argue about these things, and he doesn't like arguments. He wants you in a mood to cooperate, and that is why these changes. "

"I don't see what this has to do with my room - the other one was better..."

"The magistrate has ordered that you not be allowed to urinate after midnight, until the hearing is over. He assumes you will have a full bladder, which you should be used to by now. You will be taken in handcuffs, as you are still a prisoner. And you are to be allowed only one piece of clothing, in this case your bra, for the hearing. I will handcuff your hands in front of you and you will hold your hands in front of your lower body to cover your private parts. The magistrate feels that if you are in this condition, you will be more cooperative and the hearing will be over quickly".

Nancy handled her breakfast tray well, despite her growing discomfort. She felt humiliated, especially knowing that her husband and her attorney would see her appear in court wearing only a bra, and suffering discomfort which they might be unaware of.

The appointed time came. She was taken into the court room, exposed to the stares of a crowd of people. She walked in, holding her cuffed hands in front of her pubic region, her bare hips exposed to the numerous on lookers. Ralph and the attorney came up beside her, Ralph with a stunned expression. The attorney immediately began to protest her almost totally unclothed appearance and began a lengthy argument for her release. Both he and Ralph explained to the judge that they held tickets for Ralph and Nancy on a plane to depart at 4 oclock that afternoon, and asked for her release into Ralph's custody until that time. Nancy heard only part of the discussion, distracted as she was by her internal discomfort and her attempts to cover her private area with her handcuffed hands.

After some legal motions and discussion, the magistrate seemingly tired of the proceedings, which he hastily brought to an conclusion. He announced, "The prisoner is to be deported this afternoon on the four oclock flight, for which her husband has made arrangements. She will remain in custody until that time. Her clothing and any other belongings are to be released to her husband immediately after this hearing. She is to be taken to the airport in police custody, where she is to be released only when she is at the aircraft boarding location and a boarding pass for her has been produced. Since she has completed her punishment requirements, further discomfort will not be inflicted upon her, and she is to be allowed to relieve herself when the hearing is over - but only once, until she released from custody. This matter is now concluded!" He waved them from the room.

Back in the prep room, Nancy stood, still in only a bra, with the police officer, her attorney, and Ralph. Clarence escorted her to the women's toilet, and waited outside the door while she attended to her now urgent needs, though with some difficulty since her hands were still in handcuffs. After she was brought back to the room, Clarence unlocked her hands, and told her to take off her bra and give it to Ralph. In utter humiliation, Nancy removed her last garment as directed, and handed it to her husband, now standing nude in front of the three men.

Clarence allowed her short embrace with Ralph, before he and George, the attorney, were taken from the room. "See you at the airport--" was Ralph's last, forced cheerful, reply.

Clarence took Nancy back to the room in which she been held that morning. He told her she would remain there, naked, with no access to a toilet, but would be given a lunch later. She would, he assured her, be taken to the airport when the time came.

Periodically, persons passing in the hall would stop to look at her through the barred door. She hardly tried to cover herself, now, becoming somewhat hardened to the constant display of her unclad body. She received her lunch, ate and drank, and waited for the time of her promised departure.

As time passed, she again was feeling the pressure in her bladder, which she knew she could not relieve. It was becoming quite uncomfortable about half past two, when Clarence and another policeman appeared at her door and unlocked it. "Come", Clarence bade her, and handcuffed her hands behind her. They then escorted her. barefoot and nude, through the police station, and to a car waiting outside. She was ushered in, and driven to the airport.

The police car was driven through the airport's secure areas, and then stopped while Clarence and and accompanying officer handled paperwork with airport officials. Nancy was left in back seat of the car, attracting stares of workers. Eventually, Clarence and his companion returned, and she was driven to the ramp side of the airport, a short distance from a waiting aircraft. She could see people boarding. "When do I get my clothes back?" Nancy asked, in an irritated voice.

"When you are aboard, if your husband has them with him", was the answer. Nancy found it hard to believe that she would expected to walk up the steps to the airplane naked, but gradually it sank into her that this indeed the final indignity they intended to impose upon her. 

Finally, she saw Ralph walk up the aircraft steps, and enter the airplane. Clarence went over to the aircraft, picked up a card from Ralph inside, then returned to the car. "Time to say good-by, Mrs. Johnson", he said, opening the door.

Nancy stepped out, eager to be away from this place, horrified by her nude condition in such a public place, and feeling increasing pain from her distended bladder. She stepped from the car, feeling the hot pavement on her bare feet. Still handcuffed, she started to walk toward the steps, hardly aware of eyes focusing upon her from all sides. She spotted a drainage grill in the ramp area, in front of her. In a desperate measure, she stopped, squatted over it, and began a torrential urination. Clarence gave her a few seconds, then roughly took her arm, lifted her up, and propelled her towards the aircraft steps.

The passengers inside had a startling view. They could see a naked, plumpish middle-aged woman being pulled toward the aircraft, hands cuffed behind her, urine streaming from her crotch and leaving a wet trail behind her as she moved to the steps. At the foot of the steps, Clarence removed her handcuffs, glancing at the liquid still pouring from her.

Avoiding all eye contact, she climbed up the steps, finally stopping her water half way up. She moved inside the door, aware of a female flight attendant looking at her, almost in unbelief. But, to her great relief, Ralph was standing at the door, with her clothes hanging over his arm. He greeted her enthusiastically, and she broke his embrace quickly to snap on her bra and pull on her underpants, then, a bit more slowly, she donned her blouse and skirt. Ralph escorted her to a passenger seat. From under the seat, he produced her shoes. She smiled. Outside, she saw Clarence and the police car awaiting the departure.

The door was closed, and the flight departed. As they climbed into the air, she sagged into the seat next to Ralph, trying to erase the ordeal from her mind. Free at least. The attendant offered drinks, for which she was grateful. But shortly, a familiar discomfort returned to her. She felt the demands of her bladder, still not completely relieved. She spoke to Ralph, "Let me out - I need to use the lavatory before the meal service."

Ralph looked at the flight attendant, now with a serving cart in the aisle. "Not now", he replied. "Wait until after dinner". Then he added, thoughtfully, "I know you can hold it!".

Nancy gave him a wry smile.
