I'd like to say up front that I am an ancient male who loves sightings and stories of females accidentally wetting themselves. However, such incidents have necessarily had to be incidents of pure accident in order to arouse me. I have never thought I would be aroused by purposeful wetting accidents on the part of females. But then, I never considered it possible that a female would wet herself on purpose.
Male wettings whether accidental or not has never entered my mind as a means of sexual arousal, only as a matter of curiosity. 
As an ancient male I have had occasion to witness many female struggles with full bladders and I have witnessed many females who have lost those struggles. Although not nearly as frequently, I have witnessed a few males struggling with a full bladder and on more than a few occasions, losing the struggle. I have on more than a few occasions wet my pants in public but I am thankful that most of the time I was able to conceal my accident. On a few of those occasions my companion or members of my family knew of my humiliating accident. Accidental and humiliating are the operative terms here and throughout this essay.
Upon discovering Shara and Ger's Female Desperation site I have found that there are many who not only enjoy my particular fetish, but also, enjoy it with far more embellishments than I had ever dreamed about. Needless to say, I am amazed by it all. While I have seen grown male and females with wet pants in public I never considered the possibility that they did so on purpose. I know that my public pants wetting experiences were purely accidental and I am glad that I was able to conceal most of them. I also think that most of those I have seen in such a situation were equally humiliated, as I was in my experiences, as most of them held their heads low and avoided eye contact with others.
Over the past few months I have submitted several stories of accidental female wetting and humiliation to Shara and Ger's Female Desperation site under the name of DaveJ. All of these stories are based on true experiences but the details may not be accurate. And the names were changed to protect the humiliated. Very recently I submitted a male desperation and accidental wetting story. It was true in essence but I wonder if it will be as acceptable as those of females in desperation. On those occasions when I peed myself it was a definite turn–off but is it so to everyone? Are there really females that are turned–on by a male in desperation? Are there really females that are turned on by a male who has thoroughly wet his stone washed jeans?
Is it possible the time when I peed myself while in the company of five ladies that one of them may have been turned–on by my predicament if she had known of it? I was wearing a long coat.
DaveJ