Lunambra 3-5 (Tracks)

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Five - Tracks

Jenara gently closed the door to Sabina's home and patted her dress down, pulling the fabric down so it conformed to her body. Now that the corset had been off for a minute, her bladder had stretched back out and the throbbing, unstoppable pressure had faded to a dull ache. She folded her hands in front of her to cover the bulge, hoping to the Heavens that Gaston wouldn't notice that she suddenly looked five months pregnant. She stepped back onto the street and saw the General standing there, ordering his guards around the area. He spotted her and shouted for them to return, and he jogged up to her.

"My Queen, where did you go? You cannot disappear like that!" he shouted, reaching out to grab her shoulders.

She stepped away from him and sighed. "I was just checking the area for the stable girl," Jenara said. "She knows my voice, and you probably scare her."

"Do not step out of my sight again," Gaston snapped. "You may have the authority in politics, but I have it when it comes to protecting you. Anyway, the stable girl is gone. Two sets of tracks lead away from the stables, one to the north and one to the south. He is trying to mislead us, he probably paid her to ride as a decoy."

"It would not surprise me," Jenara agreed. She knew that he was smart enough to figure that much out, at least. "So what do you want to do?"

"I'm going to go south," Gaston stated. "The borders of Jarkan are too close for me to ride far to the north. I will bring two guards with me, and send two north. A General crossing the border will cause problems, the nearby cities know my face. Two guards in civilian clothing can cross unnoticed."

"And what will you have them do if they find him? You alone may be able to stand against Baeden, but he could kill your guards in his sleep. Send me, Gaston. Let me travel north with your guards. Jarkan knows that it was I who agreed to return their land, they will accommodate me. The two of us are the only people in the Kingdom who have a chance of bringing him home, you with force and me with words."


"That is unacceptable," Gaston said simply, shaking his head. "If I must, I will travel south first, then return here and go north afterwards. Crossing the border is a risk I am willing to take if I must."

"By the time you return, my son will be far out of our reach, and the tracks will be long gone. You know this. The only chance we have to find him is to follow both sets of tracks right here, right now."

Gaston was noticeably shaking. His two primary duties were tearing themselves apart in front of his eyes. Protect the Queen. Protect the Kingdom. Without Baeden, their military might would drop considerably. But the Queen would never be completely safe traveling without him. Her recent kidnapping was perfect evidence of that. He stood there for a long time, Jenara growing more impatient with each second. "FINE!" he shouted suddenly, slamming his fist on a wooden post of the stable. "But you will have all four of my guards with you. I will travel south alone."

Jenara nodded. "We have no time to waste. Mount up."

She strode to her own black mare, which nuzzled against her neck as she approached. She hugged the animal around her nose before stepping beside her and pulling herself up. She silently thanked Sabina for her aid, for she knew that she would have absolutely lost control right there had she tried this with the corset on. The guards were next, mounting nearly identical brown steeds. Gaston climbed atop his massive black stallion, settling into the saddle and looking to the Queen. "Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked her, his face betraying his worry.

"Yes," Jenara said. Gaston gave her a final nod, and he reined his horse, storming off towards the south gate. Jenara looked to her new contingent of bodyguards. "What are your names?" she asked them.

The tallest stepped forwards. "I am Jason Greywick," he said. He then pointed to the guard on his left, with long brown hair flowing down from his helmet. "That's Nicolas Saltheart." He turned his horse slightly, gesturing at the shortest of them. "Kevin Lance," and to the last of them, "Drake Stonewall."

"It is good to meet you formally," Jenara said. "I hope that you will ensure a safe journey."

"We will protect you with our lives," Jason stated, giving her a powerful salute.

"Then let us begin," the Queen told them. She kicked her horse, and led it out of the stable gate and towards the northern district. The city was quiet today, and the tracks were easy to follow. Fifteen minutes later, they were out of the city. It was the smallest guard she had ever left the city with, but they were the best of the guards. She felt the fear in her memories, battering her thoughts with images of herself bound in a dark dungeon, naked and surrounded by men who could have had their way with her at any time. She pushed the fears away. Soon, she would never have to feel fear again.

