Title: Taking Care of Business

By: Frodo

I've taken the scenario and tinkered with it a bit, not with the prospect of winning a prize, but just to give the concept a different persecutive. 

----

Deven never thought a whole lot about peeing. Three times a day was ample for him. When he got up in the morning, sometime in mid-afternoon, and at bedtime sufficed quite nicely on most days. He didn't stint on his fluid intake, being quite fond of coffee, Diet Coke and Canadian beer, and when he finally relieved himself, he produced a strong stream for a minute or more.

On the day reported here, he followed his usual routine that included orange juice and two cups of coffee at breakfast. He had another cup of coffee during the morning, and he washed down his two sandwiches at lunchtime with a large Coke. Certainly his bladder was filling, but that was never a problem.

Shortly after 1:00, Deven received a call from the vice president of a major account who was experiencing serious problems with his computer equipment. He always got the calls from the company's gay clientele. One had described him as a muscular version of Brad Pitt, and he had found his sex appeal to be a profitable advantage. He had no qualms about capitalizing on this.

He arrived at the client's place of business shortly before 2:00, and was greeted by a pudgy, fortyish man whom he knew as Charlie, who prolonged their handshake and took every opportunity to brush against him. Deven didn't mind at all. They proceeded to the data center, and he sat at a terminal and typed in the commands that would give him access to the programs. The client brought him coffee, and then pulled up a chair to sit beside him. As he sipped from the cup, Deven became briefly aware that his bladder was quite full. That didn't worry him.

For the next hour and more, Deven reviewed and altered code that might have been the cause of the malfunctions. He was so absorbed in his work that he didn't notice that Charlie had refilled his cup three times, but when he p aused in his labors, he felt a surprising urgency. Only then did he turn to his client and casually ask if there was a rest room nearby. He was told that it was at the other end of the building, and that he would be guided there as soon as he was through.

Despite his discomfort, Deven returned to the computer code, and anticipating a quick solution to the problem, he ignored the strident messages from his bladder. An observer might have noted Charlie's flushed face and his ardent stare at Deven's crotch as the handsome young man pressed his legs together subconsciously and shifted his position in the chair repeatedly. But finding the glitch was elusive, and even though Deven drank no more coffee, his need for relief increased. Cutting through his concentration was the message that he really, really needed to pee!

But just moments more would bring him the answer, and he was stranglely reluctant to acknowledge his vulnerable state to the adoring Charlie. He could wait a little while longer. He clenched his muscles and continued on, not hearing the gentle announcement that the building would close in five minutes.

At last he saw the offending line on the monitor, and with a deft input of new code, the problem was solved! For a few seconds he smiled in triumph, but then the stabbing pressure in his lower abdomen made him rise from his seat and ask insistently for the rest room. Charlie smiled and led the way.

Deven's brow furrowed in grave concentration as he willed his sphincter to hold on just another minute or two. He couldn't remember when he had to pee this urgently before, and it unsettled him. He followed Charlie down the corridor to a set of doors. They were locked! His client seemed confused, then suggested that they try another route.

Not since he was a child had Deven resorted to manual pressure to contain his pee, but he thrust his hand in his pocket and gripped his considerable cock to maintain control. It didn't really help much, but it was all he could think of. He was quite unaccustomed to being in this situation. Charlie noticed the action and smiled all the more.

Going up a flight of stairs brought them to the desk of an elderly security guard, who, after some explanation, produced a key card and admitted them into the rest of the building. Charlie assured the young programmer that the men's room was just down the hall. But at that moment, Deven sensed a contraction that warmed his clutching hand, followed by another and another. He was beginning to pee his pants! His heart pounded.

The anticipated door was in view, but Deven was helpless to stop the spasms that released ever-increasing spurts of pee. He raced inside the tiled room, unzipping as he went, but his briefs were soaked and streams spread warmly down his leg. It was almost an anticlimax as he pointed his spurting cock at the porcelain fixture. Charlie stood in the center of the room in ecstasy while Deven gushed noisily and endlessly.

The crisis was over, and Deven turned to Charlie, his disgrace clinging wetly to his muscled thighs. What could he do but grin and clasp his client about the shoulders? Together they strolled out of the room with a promise for a more intimate business relationship. 

