The Concert

By:  Ann Whetter

'Well, I forgot to go to the loo before I caught the train, I drank a couple of bottles of water during the journey and by the time I got to Aunty Jenny's on the Friday evening I needed to pee quite badly. I told Janet as she let me in, but she wouldn't let me go to the toilet and instead dragged me out into the garden. There she asked me if I wet my knickers or my bed. I said 'No, why do you ask?' 'Well', Janet replied 'Mum suggested that I check you out before we go to the Open-air Concert tomorrow.'

'What's that got to do with whether I wet myself or not?' I asked.

'The concert lasts a long time.' Janet explained 'It gets very crowded, we don't want to lose our places and anyway the toilets are always disgusting.' 'So???' I prompted. 'Mum and I don't bother with the toilets, we just pee in our pants.' she blurted out. 'Ah' I said 'and you expect me to do the same.'

'Of course. Which is why I brought you out here. To practice if you hadn't done it before and to enjoy yourself with me if you had.' 'So, I have to wet myself now?' I asked 'But what about my jeans?' 'They'll go in the wash tonight.' said Janet.

'OK, what do I do?' I asked. 'Just stand there and relax. You can part your legs a bit if you like, but that only makes a difference with a skirt when you don't want it running down your legs. Watch me' With that Janet stood there with her legs apart and as I watched she started to wet herself and I saw and heard a steady stream falling between her legs onto the grass. She then put her legs together and the stream then ran silently down her legs.

'Right' I told her 'My turn.' I then spread my legs a little and started to relax my muscles. Before I knew it, pee was flooding out of me and into my jeans, but it was running down my legs not straight onto the ground. 'It makes no difference with jeans.' Janet said. 'So you don't need to stand with your legs apart.' 'Right' I replied. 'If you're done we should go in for supper.'

Once back inside I went to go to my room to change when Aunty Jenny called out from the kitchen that supper was ready. We had lots to drink with supper and were sitting there chatting when I noticed that my jeans had got cold. I whispered this to Janet and she said 'Well you know what to do don't you?' 'What?' I asked innocently. 'Look under the table' Janet replied. So I looked and saw two puddles, one under each of their chairs.

'I see.' I said 'I'm beginning to enjoy this,' and once again I relaxed and felt my jeans warm up. And then there were three puddles under the table.

After supper on the way to bed Janet said 'If you need to go in the night, there's no need to get up, the bed's protected.' 'Do you mean that I can wet the bed with no consequences?' I asked. 'Oh yes.' She replied. 'I'm going to, and I'll be surprised if mum doesn't.'

So, when I woke in the night needing a pee, I remembered what Janet had said and just lay there and let go. I think that I must have dropped off to sleep again before I finished peeing, which was great as it usually takes ages to go back to sleep after I get out to go to the loo.

Next morning I helped Janet and Aunty Jenny take all the towels from under the bottom sheets and put them in the wash before getting ready for the festival. Janet lent me a skirt as I'd only taken jeans and we all wore wellies as it had rained all the previous week and the field would be very muddy. We took lots of bottles of water and some food and set off in the campervan to go to the festival. Once there we parked up, grabbed half a dozen bottles of water each and walked across to the concert area where we got good places in front of the stage. As soon as we had settled down there we started drinking the water whilst the warm-up acts were playing.

After a bit Janet asked 'Is anyone wet yet?', but none of us were. 'How about a game then?' she continued. 'We could see who fills their wellies first.' 'Oh yes.' we agreed, and we all took long swigs of water from the bottles. 'Before we start' Aunty Jenny said, 'to make it even more interesting we could see who can stay dry the longest.' I only just managed to stop myself in time as I'd been about to start peeing in my knickers in an attempt to fill my wellies first. I spent the next half dozen numbers trying to decide which to try and win. I'd almost decided to go for the fill when Aunty Jenny said 'I don't think that I can hold on much longer, perhaps I'll try for the first fill.' 'Me too' said Janet. With that they both put their legs together and then smiled. 'Oh, you don't know the signals do you?' said Aunty Jenny. 'A smile means that you have just started to wet yourself.' 'And a grin means that your wellies are full.' continued Janet. 'It looks as if I've won the holding contest then' I said. 'Better get on with the filling.' It then took only a moment before I too smiled. Unfortunately when I looked down I saw that because I had my legs close together my wee was running down the sides of my wellies and not into them. I quickly moved my legs apart a bit but still had to move my ankles a bit to open the tops of the wellies on the inside before my wellies began to fill."

"So who won the wellie filling then?" said her mother.

"No one really. We had been dancing a bit to some fast numbers and wee had slopping out over the tops or our wellies. Then when the next number was a quieter one a couple of girls near us asked how our wellies were wet and not muddy like theirs. 'Well' said Janet 'You know how far the toilets are and how dirty they get.' 'And we've got good places we don't want to lose' I added. 'So we just go here, without going there, if you see what I mean' said Aunty Jenny. 'Do you mean that you just wet your knickers?' the girls asked. 'Got it in one' we replied in unison. The girls looked at each other, back to us and then at each other again. 'I was wondering what I was going to do as I'm pretty desperate.' said one. 'In fact I think I've left it too late and that I won't make it to the loos anyway'. 'Even if we get there in time, there will be a long queue.' said the other, who was now hopping from one foot to the other. 'Looks like we'll have to follow your example.' With that she stopped hopping and peed in her pants. The first girl noticed that her friend had stopped hopping, looked down and saw why, said 'Good job we wore skirts isn't it?' and wet herself as well.

One of the lads nearby then said 'Just look at that. I need to pee but seeing those girls wet themselves has given me a hard-on.'

'We can't have that' said Aunty Jenny and she turned round, undid his zip, pulled out his knob, bent down and put it in her mouth. It was only seconds later that he came in her mouth and she said 'That's better isn't it?'

'What about me?' said someone, 'and me' said another 'and me' it went on. Aunty Jenny looked at us and said 'Well?' So we both followed her lead, as did the two girls who had just wet themselves.

'Right' said Aunty Jenny when we had finished, 'if you want anymore you'd better come to our camper van about an hour after the concert' and she told them where it was parked.
