Most of this story is true. The main part of it (the desperation and wetting) was emailed to me by a very close girl friend in the USA, last year for Valentine's day. I asked her if she would mind if I made it into a story, and post it, and she said she would be delighted. I wrote a story round it, and made it the second episode in my "Linda's accidents" series. (I posted the first one on here not so long ago) The clothes she was wearing, the desperation and the wetting is 100% true – I've just altered the location, and some of the other details. The girl Linda is fictitious, of course, as I wouldn't dream of disclosing the real girl's name.
Linda and three friends decided to go to the local nightclub one Saturday night. Linda looked absolutely stunning. She was wearing a nearly see–through white blouse, a zebra velvet mini skirt, sheer black tights, and knee high patent leather lace–up high heeled boots. She was knocking the drinks back fast and furious, and after about an hour, her head was feeling very fuzzy. Her three friends got up to dance, but Linda wasn't bothered at that moment, so she sat and looked after their coats and bags, and watched their seats while they were gone. They were gone for quite a while, and she needed to wee really bad. This wasn't a fetish thing, or something she was enjoying, but she couldn't get up to go to the loo because she didn't want to lose their seats or stop watching their stuff. By the time they got back, she thought she was going to burst, especially when she stood up in those high heels and short skirt, she got shivers up her legs and she thought she was going to wee herself right there at the table, but she made it to the toilet, which was right across from the center of the front bar. When she got there, there were two girls in line. Two wasn't so bad normally, but she was panic stricken. Although she loved wetting herself, she didn't want to do it in the middle of her favorite nightclub. She just kept thinking about how humiliating it would be if she totally lost it. When she was next, she was totally doing the pee dance, but her head was spinning, and she could barely keep her balance. She felt hot little bursts in her knickers, and thought she was going to cry. She figured it served her right, for being so into "accidents", and now she was going to have one, a real one, at the worst possible time. She felt snakes of hot wee winding their way down her tights, leaving glistening streaks down her shiny boots. She tried to clench up without holding herself because she didn't want her skirt to get wet. She was still weeing when she finally got into the door, and she didn't even lock it, she just stood over the toilet and weed through her underwear and tights into the toilet. At least that way it was just a stream straight out of her crotch into the toilet instead of her weeing all down her legs as she tried to get her tights and knickers down. It didn't take her long to finish, as she'd done quite a lot of it while waiting for the toilet. She reached over and locked the door. She took lots of toilet paper and dried her boots, and patted herself dry, and used the hand dryer to blow her crotch and legs mostly dry. No one ever knew, but when she rejoined her friends, one of them said "You've been a long time Linda, what have you been doing, making your will?" Linda just laughed and explained that there was a bit of a queue. When she got home afterwards, she couldn't go to sleep without first rubbing herself, and thinking about what she had done, and how naughty she had been.
Alexei41