All Kinds of Wet
	Walking in piss-wet jeans brings accidental public orgasm.
Author: nicolee8xx

When I got on the bus, I was already aware that I needed to pee.

But it didn't feel bad enough that I felt I had to walk all the way back to college to the nearest bathroom before heading home. So, I got on the bus resolved to just hold it in for the journey. I sat in the second row from the back.

At the first stop, one of the new set of people embarking was George, a guy from my school, whom I had used to sit next to in science class the previous year. I hadn't seen him since then, as he went to the other college in town. I waved to him and he came to sit next to me, looking a little surprised. Maybe because we hadn't exactly been part of the same circle of friends at school.

"Hey Nicole, how've you been?" He didn't seem to have changed much in the last few months, except that he'd grown a quite impressive beard for his age. It really suited him.

We caught up a little, and chatted about meaningless things. It distracted me somewhat from the slowly growing tight feeling in my bladder. I had to keep slightly shifting my position in the bus seat, but at that point it still wasn't bothering me too much.

We seemed to have talked more on that bus ride than in most of the time we'd known each other at school; I was getting to know more about him beyond just how good at science he'd been. I also noticed his leg touching mine, and how warm and strangely comforting it felt.

"Are you alright by the way?" he interrupted himself eventually.

"What? Why?" I stuttered.

"It just feels like your leg is shaking a bit - and you seem a bit distracted I think." Oh my god, I thought, he's right, I can't even remember what he was just talking about. And my leg had started jiggling from my need to pee.

"Oh I'm ok, I just really need to pee," I replied. Fuck, did I actually just say that out loud to George? I started to blush. He must have noticed, or maybe he liked what I'd said, because he gave me this cheeky little smile that I couldn't help thinking was just so cute.

We somehow moved back into our conversation, but he now seemed to be looking at me more intently each time it was my turn to talk. And was he also pressing his leg into mine just a bit more firmly than he had before? Not that I was complaining, but I did think it was a bit weird that I suddenly felt so close to 'George from science'. Staring at his mouth as he talked, I caught myself wondering what it would feel like to kiss it.

The feeling of needing to pee started to get too distracting for me to carry on with the conversation properly. It was as if I could feel the pee itself sloshing around in me every time the bus turned a corner.

I crossed my legs quite tightly, one thigh over the other. This had the interesting side effect of squeezing my clit in towards my body from both sides. When I tried to aslo reduce the pressure on my bladder by straightening up my back, it felt like my pussy was pressed into the bus seat underneath me through my jeans, and I could suddenly feel the engine vibrating strongly between my legs.

"You really do need to pee quite badly, don't you?" There was that irresistible smile again. I giggled completely involuntarily.

"Uh-huh," was all I could manage to actually say. I put my hand down beside me, but it accidentally landed on George's leg. Straight away he put his own hand around it and held me. Oh my god.

I nervously giggled again. I started to joke about it, saying things like, "Oh, why is this bus moving so slowly?" at first just to see George's reaction. I discovered that minutely clenching and unclenching my crossed legs would cause my clit to slip and slide back and forward between my pussy lips, which I realised must be wet by now. The warm feeling that I imagined flowing all the way from George's hand up my arm and down my body to my clit also helped distract me a little from my sloshing bladderfull of pee.

It wasn't long though before the first of the two urges fighting in my loins started to win over the other one, and my desperation was no longer a joking matter. Why had I drunk a whole bottle of water in last period?

I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and squeezed my legs together as tightly as I could, trying not to think about all the liquid sitting inside me waiting to burst out. Obviously, that didn't work. Suddenly, without me realising that it had been about to happen, I felt a tiny rush of fluid escape into my underwear. It was an entirely different kind of warmth and wetness between my legs from the one I had been enjoying just before. I gasped, opened my eyes and let go of George's hand in a flash.

Feeling mortified, I told myself it had only been a small leak. I chanced a glance down at my groin, hoping beyond hope that George hadn't noticed anything. Opening my legs, I could see a wet patch along the seam of my jeans that was small, but not quite as small as I'd hoped. At least it didn't look like it had gone as far as the fabric of the bus seat, and it looked like nobody would notice it unless I opened my legs while they were looking.

The main problem was that even though there was a little bit less pee in my bladder than there had been before, I now felt the need to find a bathroom much more strongly and more urgently than I had done. I could think of absolutely nothing else.

"This is my stop!" I cried desperately as soon as the bus came to a halt. Before George had a chance to stand up to let me out, which I think he was trying to do, I was clambering over his legs and into the aisle, trying to keep my groin facing away from him.

"Thanks, see you soon!" I mumbled back to him as I hobbled towards the front of the bus. I had no idea what I was thanking him for or whether I'd ever see him again (although I kind of hoped I would).

Stepping down from the bus to the pavement was hard, but I managed. There were two old ladies sitting in the shelter of the bus stop, evidently waiting for the next one. I started up the residential street off the main road the bus went down, not looking back, my desperation climbing to a peak.

With each step I took, the pressure on my bladder built up, until it was almost painful. This time I knew what was about to happen, but I was still utterly powerless to do anything about it.

Only a few metres up the street, the hot pee started leaking out again from between my legs and right into my jeans. All I could do was try to keep walking as I felt the stream trickle down the insides of both my legs, across the front of my trousers and even along the line of my pussy to the back and around the edges of my bottom.

It didn't stop flowing out of me even as I started leaving steadily bigger wet patches on the pavement behind me with each step, piss running down the insides and backs of my ankles and probably ruining my shoes. I couldn't remember ever doing such a big pee in my life, and this had to be the one I wet myself with.

I stood in my puddle, having given up pretending to carry on walking, as the last few bursts hissed out from me. I noticed the way the stream parted my pussy lips inside my panties and seemed to vibrate them, and how much warmer each fresh burst was than the now-cooling tracks all the way down my legs.

I felt utter embarrassment, obviously, but even stronger was the slightly tingling feeling of total relief that seemed to radiate out from between my legs and into my belly, my chest and all around the rest of my body. Somehow, giving way completely to my pee in the middle of that street mostly just felt really good.

A few seconds after my pee had stopped, I opened my eyes, still not really registering my surroundings. I started slowly walking onwards anyway. I looked down at my legs; the denim had been a light shade of blue, so the pee showed up as clear as day. Thinking about the pool of piss still seeping through my completely saturated underwear, I realised that my pussy was also wet with its own juices.

Then I noticed that with each step I was taking, the damp, piss-soaked seam of my trousers was rubbing across the mound between my legs. I thought I could feel my clit, swollen and wet with both my juices and my pee, getting squeezed from one side to the other as if someone was stroking it for me.

The feeling I had thought was just relief at letting my pee out started again, warm and tingly, spreading out from my pussy. I carried on walking so that it wouldn't stop, even exaggerating the sway of my hips as I did when I discovered that that enhanced the feeling. I would have been embarrassed to be doing this to myself outdoors in public, but having just gone to the toilet in my own trousers, I decided I might as well enjoy the walk.

What I hadn't anticipated though was how quickly the feeling would build up.

My legs and even my arms started shaking, and suddenly, one more step took me over the edge. Still within sight of my puddle of shame, I doubled over as a wave of orgasm rushed through me.

My sodden knees pressed themselves together and my hand involuntarily moved to my wet crotch as I carried on coming. I bit my lower lip in an attempt (which failed) to stop myself from moaning. I had been caught completely by surprise, I had never had a hands-free orgasm before - but my god I liked it.

Luckily there was a wall behind me that I could back into, because I wouldn't have been able to stay standing on my own. For the second time in a space of minutes, I was shocked at how long my body could keep going. It may have been that I had a second orgasm straight after the first, brought on by the continued rubbing my jeans were giving my pussy as I bucked my hips forward and back with my thighs still together.

As I caught my breath, I realised I had ended up sitting on the pavement, my back still against the brick wall. The sky seemed so bright, and the air seemed to chill my arms as it breezed past. I looked across the road at the houses. At least nobody was standing on their front lawns watching me. Unfortunately though, I didn't recognise which bit of town I was in. That hadn't been my stop. Of course.

As soon as I stood up, a voice said,

"Wow. Hey, er, Nicole?" and I nearly fell over again in shock. I spun around and there was George.

"Hey. You forgot your bag..." he mumbled. His eyes were wide and staring at my legs. Then he seemed to stop himself and looked up at my face. What must my face look like right now? I had thought my embarrassment threshold had been bulldozed by what had just happened, but... had George SEEN it?!
