When we last left off with our lovers, they were on their way to the mall. But Annie had no idea what Jane had in store for them. Hell, even Jane had no idea what was soon to come. Sitting in Jane's car, Annie could barely contain her excitement. Jane was always the wild one, doing crazy things for attention. One time she set her lawn on fire, just to get her parents' attention, so she could show them what she had learned in dance class that day. But Annie admired Jane, for she did what Annie could only hope to do, and Jane usually did it for her as well. As they pulled into the mall parking lot, Annie's stomach starting jumping and fluttering inside of her. Annie had never been to this part of town, although it was known for being quite a rowdy place. Jane sensed this, and took her hand.
— Don't worry, love, everything is going to be fine.
— Ok, if you say so.
They walked into the mall together, holding hands. No one even gave them a second glance. Jane explained. –Everyone here is either gay, bi, or into some really kinky shit– some, all three.
Wow, Annie could only think, for she was left speechless. Jane led her to the food court, where they both ordered large sodas. There was a couple there, eyeing them curiously, also holding large drinks of their own. Jane introduced herself.
— Hi there. I'm Jane, and this is Annie. What are you into?
The guy replied instantly. – I'm Jake and this is Jasmine. And we're into whatever you babes are. We are especially fond of pee though, as I can see you must be, too.
Jane immediately asked them if they wanted to go "into the back."
What does that mean, Annie wondered. Jake and Jas (as she insisted on being called) agreed, and Jane dragged Annie to a hallway with a pink door at the end of it. The door was open, and the foursome went in.
Inside, there were beds, beanbags, toys, showers, toilets, and everything else you could imagine. By now, Annie was no longer surprised. Jake went over to Annie, while Jane went over to Jas.
Annie's Encounter
— You know what Annie? You have really nice tits. Jake pulled her shirt off, along with her pants and panties. He then proceeded to remove his shirt and pants, to reveal he wasn't wearing anything underneath. He began kissing Annie all over, her mouth, her neck, her belly, her legs, as well as her pussy. Annie shuddered with excitement as Jake entered her. He pumped his cock inside of her, furiously, making Annie moan and grunt. She put her arms around him, and pushed him farther inside of her, moving her hips with his. Her pleasure built steadily, until both came together, making them fall to the floor.
Annie immediately became aware of her full bladder, obviously from her large soda. –God, I really have to pee.
She and Jake spoke this at the same time. By this time, both their orgasms had subsided, and they were ready for another go.
— Well, then let's go again, Jake said.
— Oh no, not yet– sit down Jake, I have an idea. I've always wanted to try this. Jake sat in one of the leather beanbags. Annie climbed into his lap, with Jake's hard cock sticking up from between her legs. She began to rub softly.
— Oh God girl, what are you doing to me? I have to pee so badly!
— Hold still, this won't hurt a bit, Annie said slyly. She wrapped both her hands around his huge cock, and began to move up and down quickly. Jake was close to the edge, so she stopped, turned around, and lowered herself onto his cock. Then she moved around, not really for her own pleasure, but for his. Soon enough, he came hard.
When his orgasm subsided, he realized he still needed to pee. He entered Annie again, and let loose. Annie groaned and moaned from the wonderful sensation, and let loose her golden flow as well, all over the beanbag and Jake. She rode his cock, mainly for her pleasure now, until she reached a mind–blowing orgasm. They both collapsed into each other's arms and rested.
Jane's Encounter
As Jane walked over to Jas, she couldn't help but notice her gorgeous naked body. Her long black hair fell past her tits, (which had to be a 36C at least) and she had all the right curves in the right places. Jas, too, liked to be clean–shaven all over, which immediately turned Jane on. Jane ripped her clothes off and practically threw herself on top of Jas, who was sitting on the bed. Jas threw Jane off of her and told her to lie down. Jas slowly planted kisses on Jane's naked body as she slowly moved down her body and toward her pussy. She began to softly kiss Jane's clit, which caused Jane to buck her hips a bit. While kissing Jane's clit, Jas moved her hands upward to Jane's belly, and began to press down lightly, then firmly. –Oooooh don't do that. I need to pee badly!
— I know.
Jas pulled herself up, and lined her clit up with Jane's peehole. Then she pressed down hard on Jane's tummy, which caused Jane's pee to shoot from her urethra, hitting Jas's clit full–force. That alone caused Jas to orgasm, and hard. She began thrashing, sending her clit up against Jane's. Jane soon climaxed as well, thrashing along with Jas.
Jane sat up and pulled Jas down with her, and began kissing her hard. Jas strongly returned the kiss. Jane slid her hand down to her own clit, and began massaging it. When Jas caught sight of this, she began rubbing her own aching clit. They soon pulled apart, rubbing their clits furiously, watching each other and coming closer and closer until they finally exploded. Jas's bladder was still full, and she shot pee straight out in front of her, which landed on the resting Annie and Jake.
Coming Soon: The Foursome's Fun. See what happens when all four work together.
Dribblets