This is my first attempt at posting here – hope you like it. This is also a fantasy – there is no Sarah and the events portrayed are completely fictitious.
I'd been going out with Sarah for quite some time, and we had a fairy normal boyfriend/girlfriend relationship in all respects. I had never mentioned my interest in watersports and I'd never had the slightest indication that she was interested either. Then one day we decided to go to the seaside. We wanted somewhere fairly secluded, so the trip turned into a long weekend in Cornwall. I don't remember exactly where we ended up – we stayed at a B&B in Truro, but we drove for quite a while before we found what we were looking for. The beach was perfect – a wide bay with a fabulous sandy beach and the sea wasn't too rough either. We aren't surfers and I think we ended up on the Cornish south coast, rather than the Atlantic coast. Anyway, the day was perfect – the sun beat down and because we were so far from anywhere there weren't that many people around either. The only down side was that there were no shops or cafes and therefore – to my delight – no toilets either.
That wasn't a problem to me, as I would just go into the sea and pee there, and I suspect Sarah was doing the same.
In the afternoon we settled on our towels to soak up some rays and that was when it happened. I mentioned that it was a shame that there wasn't a shop, as I could just murder an ice cream and Sarah said "never mind ice cream, I'm absolutely dying for a pee." I tried to stay cool, but my mouth was dry as I said that maybe she should just wade into the water and go there, but she said she didn't want to do that as she was nice and dry and she'd only just put more sun–cream on. This was starting to look very good, but ever the gentleman I suggested looking for somewhere where she could relieve herself in private, but looking up and down the beach it was obvious that wasn't possible – there wasn't a rock or a tree in sight. In fact, just about the only shelter was from the cars in the car park, but there were lots of people milling around there. I tried to suggest that she waited until there were fewer people around, but it was becoming obvious that she couldn't hold on much longer – her hand was straying between her thighs to press her pee–hole.
The only thing I could think of was to dig a hole, pee in it, and then cover it up so we quickly pretended to build a sandcastle. We knelt at opposite sides of the hole, sitting on our ankles, and Sarah quickly dug out the sand between her legs so her bottom was effectively over a small trench. "Keep a look out" she said, "I just can't hold it any longer". I looked around and told her that the coast was clear then diplomatically turned away – "don't worry about that," she said, "I need you to watch in case someone is coming."
Well, the only person in any danger of that was me– I could have entered a pole– vaulting competition at that point in time. Then it happened – with a very slight sigh Sarah shifted position and I could see a darker patch forming at the front of her bikini. In a few seconds a healthy jet of pee was hissing out of her into the sand. I was in heaven watching her pee, but I was also in severe danger of having an accident myself. I tried to think of something else, but it was impossible and with a groan I knew I was close to losing the struggle. "Take it out – quick," said Sarah, so I pulled down the waistband of my shorts just enough to free the very tip of my penis. I didn't even need to touch it – the movement of the fabric was enough and I pumped jet after jet of semen into the air, which landed in the hole in the sand, splashing into Sarah's rapidly expanding puddle. "Wow" she gasped, "I thought you had to pee too, I didn't realize that was going to happen. I guess you like to see me pee then?" Silly question. What she asked next was a massive surprise though – "have you ever had a holding on contest with someone?" I said that I hadn't, and with a wicked little smile she said that maybe that was something I would like to try. I replied that I certainly would, and that will be the subject of another posting – soon.
Derbyshire Pee Lover