When Ian and Lucy had gone, Joan, who at the time was managing the shop, summoned one of the assistants to look after the shop, and then made her way to her office. She was about to sit down, when she remembered that the panties she had on were wet, and would mark her skirt. She was about to remove them when suddenly the memory of what she had witnessed looking through the spy hole in the changing cubical, came back with vivid lucidity. In her mind's eye she again saw Lucy with her legs wrapped round Ian's waist, his prick squashed up the leg of the panties thrust in her pleasure hole pumping in and out of Lucy's cunt, and how the stimulated girl had been unable to refrain from pissing when she came, soaking the pair of mink panties which Joan was now wearing. At the time Joan had been sitting in the toilet, her eye glued to the spy hole, that had been fitted to stop girls stealing expensive lingerie by pretending they had been wearing the garment when they came in, however, Joan had played the voyeur and witnessed some very sexy scenes. But none had affected her as that which she had just seen, so much so that she had been unable to remain quiet as she masturbated herself to a climax, peeing as she did so, and soaking her own panties. Now the idea that her cunt was being massaged against the panty crotch, that not only contained Lucy's pee but Lucy's and Ian's spunk sent a shiver of excitement through her. She could not refrain from lifting her skirt, nudging two fingers up the edge of the mink panties to touch her clit and tickling vigorously. Just as she was almost at the point of no return, there was a knock at the door, so she hastily withdrew her hand and pulled her skirt down, feeling the disappointment at being denied her own urgent release. She called out "come in" and the assistant she had left in charge came in with some queries. Joan dealt with them and decided to call it a day and arranged for the shop to be closed later. As soon as the door closed on her assistant she was about to resume her self gratification but the mood had gone for awhile, anyway it would be better at home where she could do it at leisure and without the fear of intrusion. She reflected that she was doing it a lot these days, but her husband had died two years ago in an accident. It had been a loss, but she had to concede that her marriage had lacked a lot; particularly the sex side of it left a lot to be desired. Since the age of 10 she had always liked to wet her panties before masturbating and up until her marriage she had always enjoyed wet sex. However when she had hinted at wet sex, Ted (her husband) had given it a try, but never really wanted to repeat it. Now single again, and substantially well off (the insurance) she found her sex drive very high, perhaps in some way due to not having a partner for all that time, and no doubt due to the H R T pills the doctor had recently put her on. She was about to change the panties but they were still making her tingle, this feeling of the wet mixture against her cunt. Driving home she realized that she would have to return to town, in order to get the panties dry cleaned, but first she would have to dry them. Leaving her car in the courtyard, she entered her luxury apartment and went straight to the bedroom, raised her skirt, and inspected the sight of her wet and stained thighs, legs, and bottom. Then sliding the wet garment down her shapely legs she put them on a radiator to dry. The site of them had stirred up the feelings she had repressed in the shop. Again thinking about what she was about to do made her realize again that these days she was masturbating a great deal. It relaxed her and she was enjoying better orgasms than ever, particularly now with peeing involved. In fact, whenever she had a full bladder she could not resist having a quick frig, sometimes (like today) it had led to an embarrassing situation. But then– the danger of being discovered with wet panties added to the satisfaction, plus the sensation of humiliation which was something she had always secretly derived pleasure from, yes, being submissive added to the satisfaction of weeing and coming at the same time. Rooting in her undies drawer she pulled out a pair of blue school cotton knickers and pulled them on, then having spread a P.V.C. sheet over the duvet she pulled up her pencil skirt exposing her meaty thighs and provocative legs, as she mentally relived the events seen earlier in the day. Replacing her shoes, she lay on the bed. Then bending her knees she started to run her fingers from her ankles up her legs tracing her finger nails along the flesh, teasing herself with this delicious tickling. When she reached her crotch, she transferred her attentions to her tummy, tracing to and fro beneath the material of her panties, slowly going lower. Meanwhile in her mind she saw Lucy trying on panties in the cubical, having to put them on lying down because she was dying to piss, and now she knew that Lucy must have been aching to come. As she fantasized, she imagined that she was Lucy, as her fingers ultimately started to caress her cunt sliding her nails along her fanny lips and gently teasing her clit. She could feel her legs go round Ian's waist, she heard him whisper "come on love, let it come, you can't hold on any longer I want you to pee and come." As his cock filled her pushing up and down, her fingers were thrust up her cunt first thrusting slowly, then becoming faster, driving her ever closer to orgasm and the release of her bladder control. Her bottom had risen off the bed; her legs and body went rigid, till only her shoulders and feet were touching the bed. Spasms of rapture seized her; she cried out, and the piss jetted into her panties as the waves of orgasm took over, and she pissed, filling her panties, the pee soaking through the back round her bum. As the convulsions became stronger the pee was jetting down and out of the sides of her panties down her legs dripping off the backs of her knees to fill the indentation made by her body on the bed, so in the final throws of rapture her knees snapped together as with hard tearing strokes. Every sinew in her body was taut with pleasure, and then slowly she relaxed to fall back in a great pool of piss, her clothing wet from head to toe, and her fingers lodged comfortingly up her cunt. She felt replete and satisfied, as no doubt Lucy had as well. Thinking about the summons that Ian had given her for tonight she had the feeling, this could be just what she needed as she slipped away into a deep sleep.
Undine