Title: The Bursting Couple 
	Entry to: Month 29
By: Nigel

Steve and Jennifer were riding a taxi back to Jennifer's apartment. It was their third date and Steve was pretty sure that they were going to be intimate for the first time. They had been to a movie and had a nice dinner at a quiet romantic restaurant and had plenty to drink. Steve reached for Jen's hand and held it and stroked it and kissed its open palm. Jen sat with her legs folded, her short black skirt showing off a lot of her lovely thighs. Jen had short dark hair, a light complection with soft freckles covering her bright face. She had an infectious smile that had won over Steve from the start. Her silk blouse showed just a hint of her braless nipples, a sight that had captured Steve's attention all evening. 

As Steve stroked her forearm and kissed each of her fingers his mind wandered, for he knew that Jennifer had not visited the loo all evening, something she had done on their prior dates. He knew that he was very full and was looking forward to a long pee before getting down to some serious lovemaking, and expected that Jennifer was in a similar condition. The only hint of her state was a quiet rocking of her right leg, which crossed over her left. They had both had several beers during the evening and if Steve was needing a loo, surely Jennifer was too?

When the taxi reached Jennifer's apartment she got out while Steve paid. Steve finished paying and took Jennifer's hand. "Is your key ready?" He asked, feeling fuller than ever once he stood up. Jennifer took her hand from Steve's and reached into her purse. When she got to her door with the key ready she made a slight curtsey that let Steve know that she was indeed needing to pee quite badly. They walked up to Jennifer's second floor apartment where she stamped one foot on the floor before another slight curtsey as she opened the door to her apartment. 

Before Jennifer turned on any light, Steve had closed the door and had laid his hands on her shoulder and let his fingers glide up the side of her neck to just behind her ears. The feel of his fingers on her bare skin caused Jennifer to shiver with excitement. She smiled in acceptance as she snapped on the hallway light. Steve kissed the back of her neck softly and Jennifer began to melt. While still kissing her neck Steve slid his hands down the side of her arms and to her hips. 

Over and over he kissed her and Jennifer tilted her head to give him more of her neck to kiss. He slid his hands up the side of her body to under her arms and she spread her arms to give him more access. She wanted to give herself to him totally, she wanted him completely, but she also wanted to pee so badly that she could hardly stand still. Jennifer so wanted to mention her need but to break this romantic, erotic mood would be criminal. She just hoped there would be a moments break soon when she could rush to the bathroom. 

Steve continued to kiss up and down her neck and shoulders and touched the side of her breasts with his fingers. He could have easily moved his fingers to her nipples and felt how erect they were but he first wanted her lips. He too was bursting for a pee. He knew he would struggle to do so with his erection but when alone he would be able to wait the minute or so it would take to start the flow going. 

He turned Jennifer around and found her gaping mouth. She wrapped her arms around his neck and opened her lips to his. They kissed more intensely now, over and over again. Steve's body pressed softly against hers, his erection making its presence felt on her lower stomach. His hands glided again up her sides and now to her willing breasts and nipples, which were so erect that Jennifer was sure they would explode at his touch. Finally he placed his hands on her soft ass cheeks through her short skirt and pressed her body against his, digging his erection against her overfilled bladder. At that Jennifer just had to speak. 

"Oh God Steve, I want you so much but I have to pee like crazy! When you press against me like that you make me nearly wet my pants!. Wait here a moment while I just disappear for a quick wee? I promise not to be long but I just don't think I can wait much longer." 

Steve took his opportunity. He'd always got a sexual thrill out of women who needed to pee urgently and before he could think twice he said, "Jen, I read somewhere that having a full bladder is just what a woman needs to really enjoy sex. It'll make lovemaking heavenly for you, and I am going to make love with you this evening." At that he gave her another long soft kiss ending with a sequence of soft brushing kisses all over her lips and face. Jennifer was indeed in erotic heaven, lubricating like crazy, not wanting to stop but frantically desperate for a wee by now. "And besides, Jen," Steve continued, " I'm the one who really needs to piss. I must be holding a gallon down there!" 

Jen smiled at that statement as she kissed him back over and over his cheeks and lips, half heartedly trying to escape for the pee she so desperately needed. While Steve caressed her breasts and began unbuttoning her blouse, her hand drifted to the bulge in his pants "I didn't think men could pee with an erection." She gasped, smiling again, " Whatever you have in your bladder is trapped until I let you cum I reckon, and I'm apt to make you wait a very long, long time!" She added cheekily.

"Oh, so you think you know so much about male plumbing. Just how did your sweet virginal self find out all that inside information sweetheart?" Steve knew he could tease Jennifer in this way. They both knew that the other had had many lovers in the past but it was fun to play the virgin - whore game and Jen liked it too. 

"I'm just well-read. We who have learned to read can find out a lot." At that she smiled her prettiest and reached down to unzip Steve's trousers. She had taken his shirt off already. Steve let her keep her unbuttoned blouse on. The sight of her soft breasts dangling loose within her blouse was so utterly gorgeous. He loved women with small breasts and big nipples as Jen had. 

"Listen," Steve said after a while, "I need to pee like a racehorse and if you just give me a chance I'm sure I can relax enough to go." 

"You, relax? Dream on. I'm going to keep that cock stiff while I sit down on my loo and pee a flood with you watching. Really, I've got to go Steve. You are right it feels wonderful being full and horny at the same time, but I'm hurting badly. That wine, coffee and those lagers have all gone right through me and I'm busting!" She twisted her thighs together and pulled a face that left him in no doubt how desperate she was.

"Me too. You aren't going until I do, so if I can't pee then you can't! And when we do pee I want to see how much you have been holding. Do you have something you can pee into so we can see just how much that sexy little body of yours can hold? I'll show you how badly I need a piss by showing you how much more than you I'm holding." Jennifer was secretly thrilled at the thought of him bursting for a pee as well, and she couldn't wait to see how much he was holding too. She would gladly do the same for him in return.

She was now down to just her panties and blouse that Steve had finally undone completely. She had to do a deep curtsey to hold her bladder under control as Steve's hands again brushed across her breasts. Steve's cock was peeking out of his boxer shorts. Jen saw and smiled as she took the tip in the palm of her hand. "This guy is mine tonight." She said, " He doesn't pee until I say so, okay?"

Steve nodded. After another long few minutes of kissing in the hallway they finally drifted into the bedroom. Steve took Jen in his arms and laid her down on the bed, finally easing down her gorgeous white panties. Her black bush looked fabulous. She spread her legs a bit and he saw her glistening pussy, wet and dewy from her long melting and wanting him so badly. Just above it he could see the swollen mound of her tortured bladder, bulging outwards the size of a small football and feeling oh so tight and oh so very full.

Steve slipped off his boxer shorts and lay over her. There were more, long, deep kisses and much petting and embracing. Somehow Jen managed to hold her pee while lying down but it was becoming increasingly difficult. Steve's bladder hurt him badly but he knew he couldn't do anything about it until he took his pleasure with this beautiful creature. Steve stroked her pussy with growing excitement and found her wet, swollen clit. He rubbed her close to several orgasms and stroked her again to within an ace once more before he whispered in her ear that he wanted inside now. 

"Please not on top," Jen warned, "I don't think I could stand it. I feel like a watermelon down there and your weight would be too much. I think I can fit that lovely big cock of yours, but not your weight. Do you mind?" 

"No, Sweetie. I'll love the sight of your darling breasts dangling in front of me. Go on all fours so I can enter you from behind. Just let me cum soon. I'm aching to do so, and you know what afterwards." 

Jennifer got up and allowed Steve to position himself behind her. Her new position strained her bladder some more.

"Oh, I need to pee right now!" she moaned, " I don't know how I'm holding it. Hurry up and get inside! Pump away lover and hurt all you want. I'm the one that's holding back a flood with only my tiny little sphincter muscle." She reached behind and grasped Steve's big cock and slowly took it into her, rocking up and down a little as it drove deeper and deeper into her box. "Ooooh, God! I can feel you literally nudging the neck of my bladder."

Jennifer screamed, "How heavenly, as long as I don't flood both you and the bed!" She rocked up and down a bit and then began to take him in long, slow strokes, squeezing his member on every pass. 

It was agony for both. Steve reached around her waist and felt her, oh so firm bladder, straining, and with every ounce of pee literally bursting to get out. "Jen, how do you do that? Oh, shit, how do you do that? You say you want me to last and yet you stroke me like that. I can't last more than another minute with your pussy gripping me like that!" 

Jen was nearing her most exquisite orgasm and bucked wildly. That was nearly all Steve could last and he fought to with-hold his climax. He rolled underneath her and Jennifer sat astride him, impaling herself once more onto his dick. Steve drew Jen down into his arms and stroked her hair and kissed her neck and caressed her back and ass for a long, quiet, moment, desperate to prolong both the agony and the eventual thrill of the climax that would surely follow. The pressure on his bladder was excruciating as she gently rocked up and down on him.

Jen herself was right on the brink now. Her bladder was right at its very limit and she knew she could not hold on more than a few seconds more. She thrust back against his dick, desperate to make him cum so she could dash off and pee. Within seconds he had shot his load and she instantly felt the wave of her own orgasm sweep majestically through her. God how she needed that, but Oh lord how she now needed to pee! 

"You are a jewel, Jen, a heavenly jewel. I have to pee right away." Steve said, gasping. Jennifer was wiggling her pussy back and forth to keep back her own flood and readily agreed. "Where are the bowls, Jen? I still want to measure you." 

Jennifer got up and could not stand still, even with her hand dug deeply into her sopping wet pussy, dribbling with honey. "God I'm going to piss myself!" She said, " Follow me to the kitchen quick! When I get a bowl I'm going to have to use it at once!" She was quite a sight, naked but for her unbuttoned silk blouse, wrinkled from lovemaking, tightly holding her crotch, prancing from one bare foot to another all the way down the hall to the kitchen. With her free hand she bent down to where she kept her mixing bowls under the countertop. Bending over was not what her bladder wanted just then. 

"Oh, shit. I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee...." She screamed over and over again as she grabbed a metal mixing bowl and banged it on the floor. She stepped away into a corner, urgently clutching herself and leaning forward. Finally she realised she simply couldn't wait a second longer. The dam was about to burst. Quickly the snatched up the bowl again and squatted immediately over it just as a jet of wee burst from between her thighs. 

Steve had been watching from the doorway, naked himself, with his cock finally pointing mostly downward and needing immediate relief from his throbbing bladder. What he saw was Jennifer squatting in the middle of the kitchen floor, knees widely spread, her black bush positioned over a metal mixing bowl gushing a stream of piss a half-inch in diameter with tremendous pressure. It was almost too much for him. "Where's my bowl, Jen?" She pointed into the cupboard. "I can't stop. Pleaser God don't make me stop! This feels so wonderful." 

Steve found a large measuring cup and immediately pointed his dick into it and began pissing. His stream was less than half the width of Jen's but it felt just as wonderful as her own glorious pee. He had to empty his jug halfway through and when he had finally finished his 930 ml was puny in comparison to Jennifer's massive 1.3 litres (1300 ml). "See," Jen cried in triumph, "I was holding a lot more than you were!" At this she threw her arms around him and kissed him, "And I found out just how much fun it is to hold it. Thanks Darling. I'll be bursting for you in more ways than one from now on." 

