New Record

Posted by wriggling on August 22nd, 2011 at 7:53AM

This is my account of my best hold to date, achieved through determination and encouragement on FetishGuru's part, and a lot of wriggling on mine :P

I last emptied at 9pm, filled up on tea and water, and logged on to talk to Guru at around 1am, by which time I had to pee badly. Four hours isn't normally an issue for me at all, but I was certainly feeling full.

My usual desperation experiences are something along the lines of squirming and wriggling like crazy while I try to hold my pee in. Last night, however, my sphincter muscles seemed pretty sturdy, despite my rock hard bladder. Basically, I was full desperate, not squirmy desperate. And if you don't know what I'm talking about, you're not a true holder ;) lol

As the evening wore on I gradually stripped until I was completely naked, with even the slight pressure of underwear too much for my bladder. Being naked, of course, was a playground for my hungry hands and my arousal level rocketed alongside my desperation. The problem with masturbating is that it makes me acutely, painfully aware of my bladder and just how full it is. To masturbate to orgasm at this point would have been a bad idea anyway, because I would have exploded with my orgasm, but in any case, doing so made my desperation uncomfortable and unable to bear.

So, I stuck with masturbating but held off from orgasming. If you, like I, have this kink and get yourself into a situation where you're near bursting, crazy horny and being denied an orgasm.. well it's the perfect mixture of torture and sweet delight.

With Guru encouraging me and, frankly, turning me on, my arousal and desperation levels increased until I was one step away from exploding - in which sense I didn't quite know. It was quite difficult to remain ladylike at this point, with filthy thoughts running through my head and nothing but profanity on the tip of my tongue. With at least one hand squeezing or, more likely, rubbing, at all times, my typing skills went somewhat out the window too.

At this point, my bladder was the fullest it has been in a long time, if not ever. The slightest movement made me wince, my bladder stuck out and objected to even my hand lightly testing its firmness.

Usually, in the height of desperation, I will begin to leak, a little and then more and more until I fully explode. Last night, however, I was given no warning. After one leak, which was barely noticeable (horny, masturbating and bursting to pee... I was so wet I probably leaked a thousand times over and didn't notice, lol) and then about ten/fifteen minutes later, with no leaks in between or warning desperation signs, I reached the point of no return. Normally, even after the most fatiguing holds, there is a small warning.. But not this time. In every hold there are also several "fake" signs, by which I mean the sensations that make you feel like you're gonna pee yourself but really, you know you can hold if you have to... And then finally, the one massive desperate urge that you know there's no ignoring. Well, full to the brim, I had no desperate waves after that one leak, and very nearly ended up with a very wet bed :P

Thankfully, I made it just in time and exploded into my jug -1300ml (my new record). I was so desperate I think my sighs of relief could have woken up the whole neighbourhood :P

After my powerful stream of seemingly never ending piss finally slowed, I FINALLY indulged in the orgasm I had been waiting for all night. Mind blowing.

After, despite just releasing, I was in full wriggle mode, squirming like anything. My bladder was empty, or near enough, but I felt desperate enough to require a helping hand to hold. 

Eventually, Guru convinced me my muscles were just tired and I should try and sleep and wake up bursting to measure again. However, he clearly overestimated my mind-over-matter abilities :P despite being exhausted (3am) I couldn't sleep with my bladder demanding, untruthfully, that I needed to pee. I compromised with another orgasm to pacify it, and finally fell asleep.

This morning I woke early, overcome by the desperate urge to pee. Severely sleep deprived and in no mood to be disappointed by a small amount of piss that belied the fullness of my bladder, I forced myself to go back to sleep. When I woke up again, it was about 10am - 7 hours since my explosion. 

I stepped gingerly out of bed, determined not to spill a drop. I went to the bathroom, trying to prolong the inevitable, and did the most painful thing I've ever done while desperate - I leaned against the sink :P You might not think that sounds so bad, but literally.. Try and imagine my bladder... soo full and so hard, and then I go and push a ceramic rim into it! I wish I could have recorded my reaction, I must have looked so comical :P I was leaning against the sink into the mirror when my bladder protested, leaving me staring into pained, widened eyes - think rabbit in headlights - my mouth dropped open. I couldn't decide what to do, whether I was about to lose it all over the floor or whether I could keep holding, or if I could make it back to my jug...

I stood there frozen for a full minute, just trying to ease my bladder back to comfort. I moved my hand down slowly to hold myself, the way you would approach a frightened animal, and squeezed hard. Finally, I had enough control to snap out of the desperate trance I seemed to have entered and went back to my room. I lowered myself painfully over my jug, still squeezing as hard as I could... But I was stretched to my limit; pee ran through my fingers until finally I released properly. I was sooo full, all my pee seemed to be fighting to get out at once, which, I'll be honest, resulted in quite a messy spray :P I managed to capture most of it though, resulting in a respectable 1200ml.

And having typed that up for you all, I'm gonna go relive it with yet another orgasm. Wriggling is back in business!!

