Dream Team (part 4)

Posted by Tinker, December 1994 

The cheerleader team had been looking forward to the first football game of the season for weeks. Of course, they all wanted to show how their training had paid off, and thrilled at the chance to appear in their challenging uniforms. They would be the second centre of the game, and all girls liked that. 

Diana, their captain, started to worry more and more as the day of their public performance came closer. It was not the show she worried about, or anything else within her responsibility; the girls worked hard and the team was good. It was the girls themselves she worried about. The last rehearsal and training session before the game, she called all girls together while still in the locker room and tried to get them to listen to her. 

"Hey girls, listen for a moment. HEY! QUIET! Jane, sit down and shut up. Yeah you. Maureen, leave that mirror alone and sit. What? Alright, keep standing up then. Jesus, can't you girls *behave* for once?" Finally, everybody was quiet and Diana got the attention she requested. "Good. Listen up. In two days we need to cheer up that game, and I want to be very clear in what we are *not* going to do. I know what you like to do sooner or later when you wear your uniforms, and you know I like it as much as you do. But this time, we cannot. It is too damned obvious. There will be a few thousand people looking, and you can be sure that if even one boy spots a thing, the whole college will know it in less time than you need to dry. Understood?" 

There was some murmuring, but most of the girls agreed that Diana had a point. Janice frowned since she had been planning a nice event for weeks, and a few others shrugged since they thought Diana was over-concerned. Ann tried to argue that the distance between the field and the public would be too great for them to see anything, but the captain was insistent, and finally they all agreed not to play their naughty game during the match. Of course, Diana allowed all kinds of fun after the match, but that was small consolation. It would be a boring match. 

During the rehearsal, there was some feeling of naughtiness as some girls tried to prove that Diana was wrong and that they *could* get away with it. Diana of course countered by ruthlessly pointing to the villain as soon as she detected some irregularities, and after two immediately detected attempts, the girls gave up. Jane and Janice, the two victims, got irritated because they would have sworn that they had done it invisibly, after such a lot of practice. Janice had carefully waited until she could stand still for a minute, parted her legs as little as possible, and had caused anything but a waterfall.

She just quietly started to pee in her panties and still Diana spotted her even before something fell down between her boots. Defiantly, Janice then parted her legs real good, hiked up her skirt and shouted: "Look! I wet myself! I pee in my pants!" while gushing out everything she had. To her dismay, Jane did not even get her panties wet before Diana caught her, and after she had been caught all her wet intentions were gone. She and Janice sulked their way through the rest of the training. 

During the break they consulted the other experts, Ann and Maureen, to solve the crisis. "How could she see me doing it while I could not even feel it myself yet?" Jane exclaimed in anger. Maureen smiled. "Because you show it off too much. Remember our first time? When you decided to try it out and parted your boots about one meter? While you were busy getting a wet spot in your crotch, you looked very much like you were doing exactly that. This was the same, only less obvious. And Diana is a pro, you know." Ann nodded. "She is. But I also remember our first time, and you did something that fooled every one of us right away. We even had to look around to see where that dripping sound came from!" Maureen smiled and took a different pose on the grass, revealing a dark stain between her legs in her panties. It had been there before the training started, so there was nothing special about it.

"Yes I remember. I just held my thighs together. I got wet legs and boots, but it worked. At least, you did not see it while I did it. Of course, doing a cheer with panties like I have now would be too much of a giveaway." Janice lifted her own skirt and examined her pale blue cheerleader panties that also showed the tell-tale sign of a not so slight accident. "Yes, but what can you do about this? We will always reveal ourselves with such short skirts." Ann rose to her feet and asked Janice to keep her skirt hiked up. While Janice spread her knees, Ann stepped backwards until she could not discern the dark from the lighter part of Janice's panties. She needed about twenty metres; more than the distance they would get during the match. Coming back, Ann mumbled something about stupid colour choices. 

Jane's eyes now started to glow, and looking if Diana wasn't too close by, she whispered: "So we have two problems. One: we need to do it sneakily. Two: we need to hide the stain. Yes?" All three girls nodded. "Doing it sneakily is easy; Maureen showed us how, and I have a few other ideas. Hiding the stain we can do by changing our panties' colour. Why pale blue? Why not dark blue? Why not black?" Ann blinked with her eyes. "But black is so... so..."

"Obvious? Challenging? Contrasting?"

"Well... all three."

"Come on, you wear a cheerleader uniform, Ann! It was designed to be challenging! Don't tell us that you mind showing your panties wearing this micro skirt! Don't tell us you think that pale blue does not stand out under a white skirt!" Ann gave in. It would not be any more challenging to wear black, indeed. And it probably would hide any signs of stains as well. "Of course we need to wear all black. It seems silly if only four girls wear black and the rest wears blue underwear."

"Yeah, but nobody will complain if we hand out black panties tomorrow. So now we only need to practice our technique." Ann smiled. "I volunteer!" Jane herself would also try a second attempt, more to irritate Diana than to relieve herself. Hell, getting only one drop into her panties would be satisfying in itself. 

In the second half of the training, Ann followed all Diana's instructions to the letter, cheering, waving and jumping like she was supposed to. But inside her, she felt it coming. Ann imagined being on the field, with all people watching her, and almost bursting. It was a strange sensation. She knew her panties would pop into vision every few seconds, and she knew it would show, but she just could not hold it. Walking away was out of the question, since everybody would notice her and it was not at all sure that she could hold on long enough to make it to the locker room anyway. And then, she let the inevitable happen. In the middle of a series of hops and high-kicks, when Diana would expect it the least, Ann let it go.

With her arms in the air, waving pompoms, Ann could feel the familiar warmth spreading in her panties, and her hopping made it even more intense. She smiled to Diana, did a high-kick in her direction, and started for real. After all, in such a situation, trickling wouldn't solve problems. Still hopping and turning left and right, Ann felt her panties flooding over, and soon each of her legs had its own little river downwards. Her white boots could have it, so everything was alright. Finally the cheer was over and they could relax for a minute.

 Ann sighed and finished herself off. She felt the warmth going down further, down her crack, up her ass; it came everywhere. Her whole panties must have been stained by now. Ann's skirt did its job. Diana looked good to every girl in the row, but she did not spot Ann even while she was still peeing herself! Her crotch now glowed like it was on fire, and Ann bit on her teeth to prevent a moan of pleasure to leave her mouth while all the fireworks inside her went off. 

Maureen winked to Jane and told her it was about time. Jane nodded back. This would be difficult, she thought. She had always liked to show off, wearing her cheerleader uniform or jeans or anything else. It was such fun to wet herself, she would not miss even one percent of the experience. But now she would need to do it in secret. She would need to keep her panties covered by her skirt all the way. She would need to do it as if she was ashamed, which was absolutely not in line with her true feelings and character. And, worst of all, she would not be able to see that wonderful dark stain developing in her virgin blue panties. Oh, how she liked hiking up her skirt and looking down to herself, while her water poured out between her legs and soaked the thin fabric! 

But she had to prove herself. She could wet herself like a pro. Just do it, and all that sort of things. Just start to pee your panties under your cheerleader skirt and avoid anyone noticing it. After all, that's what a skirt was invented for, wasn't it? To protect your panties from view? Jane couldn't wait any longer now. She was wet before she knew it. Her panties instantly got soaked and she had to clutch her thighs together to prevent the stream from falling down unabashed. It was also the first time she peed under a skirt and did not part her feet.

Feeling her warm liquid running down her smooth legs was an entirely new sensation for Jane, and it made up for all things she thought she would have missed. Did Diana look? No. With her skirt securely around her waist, Jane acted as innocently as she could and she got herself as wet as ever. Because she had started in such a hurry, she could not build up the normal sexual tension inside her, but the feeling of warm water running down her panties and legs was certainly fun. Maureen showed some signs of being impressed, and Jane finally could perform the gesture that she had seen with the other girls before: stroking her skirt down the outside of her thighs, avoiding the front. It emphasised her uniform and made her feel really sexy. 

It was not until the second series of high-kicks that Diana spotted both Ann and Jane, and by that time she could do nothing about it any more. She sighed and hoped all would go well during the match. Of course, she could not wet her own uniform now, like she normally would have done. When the training was over she reluctantly started to change into her civilian clothes. But all was not lost yet. After the girls had left the locker room and Diana had locked the place, she walked to her car and opened the door. There was a sheet of plastic on the back seat that would come in handy. Diana put the sheet on the driver's seat and then straightened her back again. In her long skirt, it would be a breeze to wet her panties, even on the parking lot. She parted her feet a bit and looked down. It would take only a few seconds. 

Diana was crudely disturbed by the yelling of a few girls. To her horror, she saw Cindy, Alice, and Melissa waving at her from behind a van. Shit! What an example she was. Red as a beet, and still dry, Diana jumped into her car and drove off. She could not avoid passing the van. All three laughing girls wore denim mini skirts and in her mirror Diana could see Melissa looking down to her legs. The traffic on the main road prevented Diana from driving off the parking lot immediately, and when she finally left the place, she could just catch Melissa throwing her head backwards and pinching her fists. Diana shook her head. It would be a *very* difficult match. 

When the great day finally came, Diana was as excited as the rest. After all, it would be her first appearance as a cheerleader since years, and she knew she would attract a lot of attention in her beautiful sexy red uniform. Since she was so busy with herself, she almost forgot to worry about the other girls and hoped for the best. Nothing particular happened during the pre-match preparations and when the team ran onto the field, pompoms waving, and was met by a cheering crowd, all problems had disappeared from her mind. She threw herself back into her role as a cheerleader with all the energy she had, and let the crowd have it all. 

Their whole show went perfectly, and every girl in the squad felt great. It was a very nice day, and their cheers warmed them up a lot so the crate of refreshments was a welcome surprise. The football game was as boring as ever, with one team advancing a line and then losing it again. There were a few touchdowns, but nothing special. Lots of dead time gave the cheerleader squad a great opportunity to show off, and when the break came, they were delighted to be able to retreat for a moment. And to go to the toilet, because they were civilised girls. 

While Diana and most other girls approached their locker room, which was about fifty meters from the playing field, they heard a sharp shriek coming out of the little window in the left wall. What was that? Before they could reach the door, Cindy came out, very pale, and immediately threw up in a bush by the door. This was serious. Cindy motioned them not to enter the locker room, as she breathed heavily and regained the power of speach. "Don't go in there. Especially don't go to the toilet or the showers. We have had visitors." Diana felt a cold shudder creep up her spine. Oh God. Not again. 

Together with Jane, Diana carefully entered the locker room to inspect the damage. The jokers had thrown all their clothes in a corner and poured a bucket of water over it, or so it seemed. Nice, very nice. Diana recognised the type of bucket and knew what she would find in the showers. "Jane, hold on. I've had this happening before. Same football team, by the way. I should have known better. Look into the showers and the toilet and everywhere else on your own risk; you'll need a very strong stomach. I'll call the warden." 

Ten minutes later, Cindy and Jane still looked a bit green around the gills while Diana told the arriving cleaning crew what to expect. Without even looking inside, the men returned to their van to get their protective clothing. Seeing these men walk in their heavy-duty overalls and wellingtons next to a bunch of pretty cheerleaders in uniform that did not hide too much, have made a strange sight. The men noticed this as well, and couldn't help whistling.

The girls smiled back, not knowing to do anything better. The cleaners' boss went to Diana, and while looking her over top to toe, told her: "This will take a while. Don't count on using your locker room for the next day or so. We'll drop off your clothes at the warden's office. Not that you need to change, though." Diana grinned. "Thanks. I know you do your best. We now need to hurry back to the field. Hope you won't get sick." She turned around and followed by the rest of the squad, Diana jogged back to the field, keeping up appearances. 

They were just in time for the start of the second half of the game. The squad did the usual cheers when the players came onto the field, and then decided to relax a bit and talk about what had happened. "Just a sick joke they've played on us before. Rendering our locker room and facilities unusable so we are forced to stay in uniform and cannot go to a girl's bathroom, because all the other buildings are locked. Now we also know who put that crate with refreshments here. We are expected to panic in ten minutes. Hand me another bottle, Jane. I'm thirsty." Once again Diana was on top of the situation. 

"But Diana, you have seen this all before? What did happen to the girls the previous time?"

"Well, as you can expect, a few girls really got into trouble after a while. So, some got over to the boy's bathroom in pairs and took the full load of laughter. Others disappeared for a moment or two behind the bushes and got pointed at by half the stadium. All in all, it was an outright disaster."

"And you?"

"Me? I was with two other girls, and we never even left the field. One of the girls was my best friend, and we had shared wet accidents before, only never in uniform. The other was a rather open-minded girl who quickly grasped the basic concepts. We wet ourselves right there on the field." 

"It was an unbelievable experience, peeing your panties while in cheerleader uniform and with everybody looking at you. And peeing them on purpose, too, since none of us fancied squirming around on one leg. We just did not want to give those jokers *any* reward. But deciding to wet our uniforms was not easy, and preparing myself was even harder; I put it off several times. It was my first time on purpose, mind you, and it took quite a while before I was ready to go. But when I finally felt able to start, I looked to my friend and told her that I was going to do it now. She kept looking at my skirt while I let it come. My heart pounded in my ears when I felt something happening under my skirt, and my friend comforted me by telling that she couldn't see a thing. Next thing I remember was feeling my whole belly melt, and soon I also saw my friend freezing and clutching her skirt. The other girl must have peed herself as well but I never even noticed." 

There was another time-out so the squad quickly set out for their usual cheer, and when it was over, Alice asked the question that was on everybody's lips: "Diana, are *we* allowed to wet ourselves under these circumstances?"

"Yes you are. This is an emergency. Everything else is worse. Please be careful, watch yourself, and hope for the best, because it shows."

"No it does not," Jane added. "We were naughty and have put on black panties. Bless us for being naughty." Diana laughed. "Alright, that's a whole problem less. Still, be careful. And of course I don't wear black panties myself, so you might have to protect me, because I will not wait until it comes by itself." 

A thrill went through the girls, and during the next few minutes, every one of them prepared herself for this unexpected event. A careful watcher would have noticed an inordinate amount of skirt arranging and panties plucking. Their next cheer was noticeably louder than before, and the whole team radiated a cheerfulness that must have surprised some spectators. Immediately after the cheer, Janice kneeled down on her left knee to re-tie her right boot. Her black panties flashed out from under her skirt as she slowly and securely tightened the lace. It took her about a minute. The other girls knew exactly what else Janice was doing, but nobody could see anything except the big smile on her face ten seconds after she had kneeled down. Janice got up just in time for the high-kick and announced mission completed. A small silver line went down her left leg. 

Within a few minutes, Maureen and Ann followed. They both kept standing up and happily weed through their panties with their legs tightly together, exchanging winks and very obvious remarks. "Ohh! I am wetting myself! I wee in my panties! Gee, I shouldn't do that while wearing my uniform, should I?"

"Of course you shouldn't, silly girl! You should wee *through* your panties, like I do. Can't you hear the hissing? I can!" Everybody laughed while Ann and Maureen got themselves completely soaked underwear, and enjoyed every moment of it. During the next cheer, Cindy started an uncontrollable giggle and looked down to her skirt. The cheer required her to keep her legs a bit parted, and a stream was visible for a second. Quickly she adjusted her peeing speed and went down to trickling during the whole cheer, hops and high-kicks and twirls and all. Her panties were more in than out of view, but nobody saw anything. The black fabric hid all signs of wetness. But she kept giggling. 

Jane, who was still extremely annoyed by the sick joke of the other team, was thinking of a form of revenge, and decided to put off her relief a bit longer since it might come in handy later. If the urge struck her, she could always go in her pants if necessary. No problem. 

Alice followed Janice's example and squatted down to tie her boot laces. Wetting her uniform still was no routine for her, and she needed a long time to persuade herself to start. When the wetness finally hit her panties, she gasped and closed her eyes. Alice almost orgasmed from pure delight and needed both her hands to prevent her from falling over. Her cheer during the next round sounded a bit over-enthusiastic. Melissa had been quite busy collecting bottles, putting them back into the crate, re- screwing caps, and other things that required her to kneel for an extended period of time. While she drank down the last swallows of a bottle, it seemed to flow right through her and leave again between her spread knees. 

Ten minutes later, Diana inquired if someone would like to go to the toilet, and she was pleasantly surprised that nobody seemed to feel a need any more. Great girls. Except for some obvious talking and some less necessary squatting, she had not noticed anything. Smiling she thought about the mean tricksters in the crowd, who certainly would ask themselves what the hell was happening. Or not happening, in fact. During every cheer, facing the crowd and throwing every flash of panties at them she could, knowing that the other girls did the same, Diana scanned the rows of seats for suspiciously-looking individuals.

A small group of boys towards the right seemed suspect. They were constantly talking to each other instead of watching the football match, and could not keep their eyes off the cheerleaders. They also often glanced towards the green cleaning van next to the cheerleader's locker room. Diana pointed Jane to the group and asked her opinion. After a minute of observation, Jane got also convinced that this group indeed needed some attention. 

At that moment, the final signal sounded and the match was over. To be honest, the team did not even know who had won. They cheered their own players team off the field, hung around a bit, and then had to decide where to go since the locker room was out of order. But Diana had her plan ready. She whispered something to a photographer on the first row, who smiled and took his bag to follow her. Diana went to the right and the whole squad followed her, curious as to what was going to happen. 

When the group passed the five boys who still did not leave their seats, and just sat there, apparently still waiting for something they had expected to happen, Diana looked at them and winked. Jane immediately got her plan and threw in all she had. She whispered nonsense to Ann and pointed towards the boys, whistling and nodding in approvement. While the rest of the group stopped walking for a moment, Diana and Jane hopped over the low fence and approached the boys, who felt a bit uncomfortable by this attention of some stunning girls.

Nonetheless, Diana made it clear that they were expected to come to the college's bar and share a few drinks, because they looked so cute. Jane in the mean time attacked the biggest macho she could find, and soon the boys were convinced that these girls indeed were looking for an easy date. The rest of the squad started to understand Diana's purpose and did not protest when the boys climbed down the seats and joined them. They all turned around and went for the bar, which was about ten minutes walking away. The photographer, accompanied by Ann and clearly being briefed, still smiled and started to change lenses. 

Arrived at the bar, the whole squad attracted quite a lot of attention, but it was not that unusual to see uniformed cheerleaders walking around the campus, especially not right after a match. Everybody stuck to looking and did not try to approach them, since they obviously had boyfriends enough around already. Diana and Jane now had picked out what seemed to be the ringleaders, a couple of crew-cut creeps with egos the size of Montana. They didn't mind these girlies hanging off of their necks one bit. They even smiled towards their friends, proud of catching two such big fishes.

Diana and Jane seemed not too resistant to the drinks they had been offered, and Jane even lost her balance, falling right over the lap of her guy who was sitting on a bar stool. Giggling, she got up again, and asked if she could sit on his lap. Of course she could. Carefully she sat down on his lap, legs to one side, pulling her skirt out of the way, and she firmly moulded her black-pantied ass against his crotch. Jane felt an immediate reaction and leaned backwards to kiss him, whispering sweet nothings. At the same time, Diana had straddled the other guy and played the same game. She even went further and started a gentle rocking motion, covered by Alice and Cindy who also seemed interested in the guy. 

In the background, Ann and the photographer were busy instructing the other girls and mounting a big electronic flash onto the camera. This needed to be planned carefully to succeed. Diana and Jane were already well under way. Now it was waiting for the signal. 

Exchanging short glances, Diana and Jane coordinated their efforts and started to excite their guys towards an orgasm. The poor macho boys did not know what happened to them. For years, every girl in the world seemed to run away, and then suddenly these two goddesses appeared and took them right to where they only had dreamt to go. Jane felt her boy stiffen up a bit, and knew he was close. She winked to Diana, who nodded back. Her guy was on the verge of exploding as well. No wonder. The photographer rose from his chair and flipped a switch on the flash. Ann quietly came to the bar and made room. 

Then, Jane and Diana shifted their attention towards themselves. They needed to be very quick and very well-timed. Jane felt her nipples stiffen up as she prepared her revenge. If she would not take care, she would orgasm herself as well, and that was too dangerous in this situation. It had to be a fully conscious event. She felt her flood rolling in, and had to keep the gate closed by forcing her thighs together. Diana was ready as well. She couldn't clutch her thighs, but pressed her crotch firmly against her victim. With one glance to Jane, the signal was given. 

Both Jane and Diana now started hopping lightly on the laps of their macho boys and the effect was immediate. With their eyes closed, they both gasped and creamed right into their pale, knee-long jeans. Jane and Diana had their eyes closed as well, concentrating on their job. Even before the boys came, both girls had been peeing in their panties like hell, and the moment the boys climaxed, Jane and Diana dropped everything they could into the macho crotches. It was a lot. It was an awful lot. 

The next thing the boys remembered was suddenly sitting without their one- night girlfriends, but with a wonderfully warm crotch, and a great relaxed feeling. Slowly, they returned to consciousness, and it took them quite a while to realise that the warm cosy feeling was not exactly because of their own orgasm. A bit dull, they looked down, and to their horror discovered the obvious evidence of a big accident. The moment they jumped to their feet, a bright flash recorded the fact for the next college newspaper, which of course would make it to the competing college as well.

Before the now rather angry boys could punch the photographer onto his nose and wreck his camera, as they intended to do, he disappeared without a trace between five lovely cheerleaders who could not hold their laugh, seeing what the boys had done. The two angels from hell were nowhere to be seen. The laughing of the cheerleaders attracted attention from the rest of the bar, and soon everybody pointed at the boys. "Little accident, big guy?" somebody shouted. "Need your mummy?" 

The revenge was complete. With the kids on the run, the whole team now could finally relax and ask for the actual outcome of the match. This led to quite a bit of commotion in the bar, and some wit concluded that if the girls had cheered so hard that they missed the result, they would probably be the reason for the miracle that had happened. Quickly the photographer was found again and the newspaper that week had two big pictures on the front page: "Cheerleaders Bring First Victory In Five Years" and "Losers Feel Pissed." 

All the girls cherished their full-colour picture for a long time. The whole group posed and smiled, with Diana up front, and nobody would see anything special. But the girls themselves knew. They knew. 

