The minivan pulled up in the parking lot, packed full of stuff. Looked like the annual ritual of moving your child off to college. Hurriedly, she closed the passenger door of her Mom's minivan quickly, hopping out to the ground, yelling at her mother to hurry. Knees knocked together, the girl was in a panic. "Mom, hurry up!" she yelled, "I really gotta go to the bathroom, come on, let's go inside before I have an accident right here!" I had just pulled into the parking lot, ready to grab some lunch and I had to use the bathroom pretty badly myself. It was a long drive down I–95, and I hadn't relieved myself in a few hours and my black leggings were starting to fit snug against my body as my bladder swelled. It was hot out, and my tank top was sticking to me from perspiration too. I really wanted to use the ladies room, but I thought I could hold on for a little while, and honestly, I always enjoyed the feeling of a desperate bladder, and I wasn't that far from that feeling of intense desperation myself, so I held on. As I had just gotten out of my car and started to walk across the parking lot to the entrance, that minivan had just pulled in, almost cutting me off, and that's when I saw the girl and watched her run out in a desperate scamper. She looked like she really, really had to use the bathroom, and that got my attention. Very cute, thin, athletic and most likely a graduating high school senior, ready to head to college, or maybe a freshman returning, who knows. It's hard to tell anymore. I was 21 at the time and she appeared younger than I was, but then, some people think I'm still in high school, so like I said, it's hard to tell. Anyway, she was blond, with a small chest, thin, like a size 3 or so. She was definitely my "type", although of course I had no idea of her sexual preferences. Wearing just a green sports bra that outlined her tiny breasts nicely and matching green shorts, quite short, her tanned legs, even if a bit skinny, looked really nice. As she dashed inside, I noticed how firm and round her butt was. She must have been some kind of runner or something. A great body, and I almost felt guilty looking at her, wondering if she would notice me staring at her. And she really seemed like she wanted to use a bathroom more than anything else, which of course immediately had me interested in her situation. I ended up following them into the fast food restaurants lobby, and then realizing, quite obviously, the teenagers despair. "Honey, it's crowded so let's get our order in and then you can run off to the bathroom. It will just be a minute, so stay by me, I don't want you running off by yourself." "Mom, but I really gotta go pee, please? It's an emergency!" wailed her daughter in reply. Mom held firm, and the two of them headed to the back of the large line at the counter. It was the middle of the lunch rush, and it looked pretty crowded in there. I stood behind them, right behind the young blonde, watching her pace and squirm in line. She really appeared desperate. She was standing there, not at all still, her legs clenched together and her butt clenched as she fought her body's urge to void. Every second or so I heard her gasp and saw her body clench as she fought off what must have been waves of intense pee desperation as they grew within her body. She would fidget and then stay still and then fidget, all the time engrossed by the immense pressure she must have felt between her legs. I felt guilty staring at her, but she was so incredibly attractive and so obviously desperate I immediately started fantasizing about the possibility of this girl suddenly wetting herself. Her butt was perfect, I could even see the faint outline of her underwear through the green fabric and I longed to caress her in my arms. A few minutes passed by, and she was hopping from one foot to the other with greater frequency, sometimes bending over slightly at the waist, her arms in front of her, probably pressing against her crotch. My own need to pee increased as I watched her get more desperate by the minute, I almost wanted to let loose streams of pee into my leggings just to feel the wonderful release, but then I had an idea. I'm not usually evil minded, but after a long boring drive and no rest stops to pee, I needed some excitement and my mind was wandering. I suddenly left the line and headed back to the bathrooms, not sure I was brave enough for what I was about to try and do. The men and women's restrooms were at the end of the hallway, near the door side of the lobby. Nobody was in the hallway, so I tried the women's room, found it open, and went inside. For a moment I thought about dropping my black leggings and just peeing into my panties to get myself a quick release, but I thought of something far more sinister. I held back my own growing urge to pee and looked at the restroom door. Sure enough, I thought, it locked from the inside. I opened the door, put my hand around back to the inside, and pushed the lock button in on the door knob, and let the door close while I was now back out in the hallway. I glanced around, and nobody was nearby. I checked the bathroom door, and sure enough, I had succeeded in locking it from the inside with nobody inside. I felt a shiver of nervousness knowing that if I suddenly needed to pee, I would be no more able to than any of the customers until a manager unlocked it. And I also knew that I, myself, wasn't far from having to release my bladder, wherever that might end up being. A chill passed through my body at the excitement. Next I checked the men's door, found it empty, and did the same thing. Now both of the bathroom doors appeared locked and in use to anybody going up to them. Now it was a matter of waiting. I went over to an empty table near the hallway, sat down, and waited, my own bladder filling further as the minutes went by. I had to pee so badly I almost thought about just making a puddle in the chair right in my leggings to feel the wonderful wetness, but I held on, my body starting to tremble as my desire to pee grew. Surely, I thought, the girl would have to head for the bathrooms once her mother got their order. Not five minutes passed by, and the poor teenager walked by in a fast trot, rushing to the bathroom door. I got up from my table, almost peeing in my clothing from my sudden motion, and headed to the hallway, taking my place behind the poor girl who was desperately trying the locked ladies room door. She wasted no time, it appeared, and seemed to be on the edge of an accident in public. I was excited! "Oh NO, Please, whoever's in there, hurry up, I'm about to have an accident out here!" the distressed girl yelled through the door. I couldn't believe my eyes. This poor girl was about to have an accident, it seemed. Could I be so lucky? Would she really pee in her shorts or would she hold it until they left? My own desire for relief increased as I watched the girl struggle. I stared. The girl's green shorts barely covered her butt! I couldn't believe her mother had let her wear these in public, but at the moment, the view of her gorgeous body a mere few feet in front of me, squirming in desperation had my heart racing. I had to say something. "What's up? Is it locked?" I asked, my voice rising out of excitement and fear. "Yea, and I gotta go sooooooo bad too," the poor girl whimpered in reply, bending over at the waist, quickly shoving both hands between her thin legs. "Yea, me too, I gotta pee really bad, I hope they don't take too long," I mentioned back, starting to do a little desperation dance, partly out of my own bladder fullness and partly out of the incredible excitement of seeing this totally desperate young woman squirming and seemingly close to having an accident right in front of me! A few moments passed. I tried not to stare, but couldn't help looking at the poor girl's predicament. She leaned against the wall, knees slightly bent, her back to the wall, pressed tightly against the wall, her legs squeezed together and a look of sincere agony on her pretty face. Her nipples were firmly poking out at the tight green fabric as she squirmed and waited in utter agony of her bladder's obvious need for relief. Suddenly she turned towards the ladies door and started knocking, loudly. "Hurry UP in there, it's an emergency out here, OK?" she pleaded loudly to the occupant. If only she knew I had locked the door from the inside and that there was no occupant. But I was enjoying the display, although I did feel guilty somewhat for what was happening, but my own bladder's urges and the sexual feeling of excitement knowing I might cause this poor woman to have an accident overcame my momentary feelings of guilt. Another knock, then she turned to me, her poor face obviously in pain. "Oh Godddd, I have to peeeee. I gotta peeee so baaaddddd" wailed the girl, bending over at the waist, both hands suddenly thrust into the crotch of her short green shorts again. She turned back towards the door, half bent over, and again I caught myself staring at her panty outline through the thin green nylon fabric of her shorts. White panties, I thought, imagining how they would change color if she had an accident. My mind raced with fantasies. Her tanned legs looked so good, and from this angle, I could just barely make out the bottom edges of her underwear as she bent slightly forward, her shorts not totally covering her rear. I was awash with excitement at the view and her predicament. My own bladder screamed for relief, both from my own urgency and the girl's dilemma. The girl struggled. Both of her feet nervously paced. Again, she pounded on the door. "Come ON, I gotta go PEE, please, PLEASE hurry up before I have an accident," shrieked the poor girl, her words running together as her desperation increased. She was hopping back and forth, and turned back to me, her face scrunched up in agony, her body obviously tense. "So, what happened?" I asked the struggling girl. "HuHuh? Oh yea, I'm moving to college this weekend and my Mom forgot to stop at the rest area on the highway and I had to go so bad. She's going to kill me if I wet my pants!!" the girl pleaded in her answer, her voice high and desperate sounding as she continued to clutch at herself while fidgeting. Her one hand placed against the wall, the other tugging at her shorts, she was obviously at the very edge. She was constantly touching herself with one hand, obviously trying to squeeze in the immense flood just waiting to release from her straining body. She turned towards the door again, suddenly gasping and doubling over in pain, then standing up partway and pounding on the door. "HURRY UP. PLEASE HURRY HURRY. I'M GONNA HAVE AN ACCIDENT out here and I can't hold it any longer please please please let me go to the bathroom.... I gotta gooo to the bathroooom oh goddddd oh goddd PLEASEEEE I have to peeee oh i gotta peeee," she wailed. At first her voice was strong and demanding and by the time she finished yelling she was crying and I could barely understand her. She was SO desperate to relieve her poor bladder that I knew it wouldn't be long. My own bladder was screaming for relief, and as I stared at the poor girl's straining body, I fantasized massaging her small protruding nipples through her tight sports bra, and the way she was pouncing back and forth, desperate as can be, made me want to hug her, to console her, to let her know it was alright to pee, right there, in her clothes. I thought what it would be like to gently stroke her swollen tummy, to feel the line of her underwear across her body as she struggled. My mind raced. The excitement was too much for me. I had to let loose some pee just to feel the familiar wetness. I let loose a spray of pee into my black leggings and then stopped the flow, trying to hold on. The warmth of my pee quickly spread down my left thigh and my underwear were wet. I gasped inward at my sudden release, the familiar warmth and pleasure I longed to feel again. The girl didn't notice. "PLEASEHURRY, OH GOD, PLEASE HURRY, I GOTTA PEEEEEEEE!!" she screamed in desperation, banging forcefully against the door with one hand now, much harder than before. The other hand was buried against her crotch in obvious pain as she tried to prevent nature's course of events. God, she looked like she had to go badly. She was obviously on the edge. I released another small stream into my leggings, feeling the hot urine flow from my lips and flood my clothing further. I was hoping she'd go. I desperately wanted to see her have an accident. Another minute passed, she was still hopping back and forth, her face red and scrunched up from pain. "PLEASSSeeeee, I gotta pee so bad i gotta peee" she wailed, again her voice starting strong and then again changing to a desperate soft whine as the pain in her bladder obviously caused her to lose concentration. She turned to me, her face red from exertion and despair. Tears started to stream out of her eyes as she started to cry. I couldn't believe my luck. I realized she was on the edge, and I couldn't hold much back myself and let loose another hot jet of my own pee in my leggings, the wetness soaking my inner thigh. "Oh God. Oh god. I gotta go to the bathroom ohwwwwwwhhh. I can't hold it. I gotta go soo badly. Pleasepleasepleasedon'tmake me wetmypants... oh god. Awh. I gottappppppeeeeee I gotta PEEEeeeeee, help, please, I gottapeeEEEEEE" she wailed, tears streaming down her cheeks. Her nipples were fully erect, her body shaking, and suddenly it started. She was shaking uncontrollably, touching herself with one hand, the other hand against the doorknob of the locked restroom door. She was in total bladder agony. She turned to me, tears streaming down her face, her body convulsing in pain from the immense pressure. I stared at her crotch, and suddenly without warning a dark wet spot appeared in the crotch of her shorts. She gasped sharply and loudly, pressing her knees together, looking up at me with eyes of sheer pain. "Oh god. No. NOOO. Oh god. I'm starting to go. Oh god. Oh god. Please let me stop. Please pleassseeeeee" she cried, somehow momentarily stopping the flow. She was shaking violently, dying inside. Another spurt, and I saw the wet spot grow; the green fabric dampening as the girls' bladder slowly gave way. "No NOOOO", she yelled, her knees awkwardly pressed together. Another damp spray of pee into the fabric, the wet spot grew, and she lost control for a few seconds. I watched the fabric of her shorts quickly dampen from her escaped. "NOO, oh GOD NOOOOOOoooooooo oh Noooooo!!!!" she screamed, her legs pressed together in agony as she realized her despair. Suddenly her bladder could hold back no more, and as she shrieked loudly in despair with tears streaming down her lovely face, she lost all control and a huge flood of pee thrashed through the poor girl's shorts, the hot urine escaping with such force I could see the pee push through the fabric. Jet after jet of streaming pee flowed from the poor girl's clenched crotch as she lost her dignity. The fabric of her shorts quickly got soaked, and within seconds multiple pee streams were pouring down the girl's inner thighs, the pee just streaming from her desperation racked body. "Oh no. NO. NOO. Noooooo!!!! My mom's going to kill me. I can't stop itohgooddddddddd," and the poor girl lost all hope of control, crying uncontrollably as her throbbing bladder emptied itself through her short soccer shorts. She stood up straight, looking like a rag doll, her blond hair streaked with sweat, her face beet red from crying, tears streaming down her face. I could tell she had tried to stop the waterfall, and for a second almost made it, shaking violently but then she gave up. I saw her relax and her body won the battle that her mind lost. She started peeing uncontrollably again into her shorts, this time without any attempt to stem the flow. The girl had lost it. She was peeing in her pants, right there, and there was nothing she could do about it. I stared. From her fidgeting, her shorts were slightly pulled up on one side and I could see a glimpse of her now damp white underwear, and I could see the streams soaking the white cotton fabric as it thrashed out of the poor girl's body. Stream after stream of thrashing pee flowed down her thin young legs, glistening in the light of the afternoon. Pee streams flowed straight down from her shorts between the gap of her shorts and her legs. The pee soaked her socks and ran into her Adidas shoes. A puddle quickly formed on the tile floor in front of the bathroom where she stood, pee running down both her thin legs and dripping straight down from her sopping wet shorts. I watched the rivers of pee flow down her young thighs; pee everywhere. It was too much. I was beyond belief at what I was witnessing and my own bladder could not hold on. I couldn't control myself any longer and I let loose my own torrent of pee and completely flooded my leggings as I peed for a good 15 seconds, feeling my own warm wetness spread through my own tight clinging clothing. The familiar pleasure of wetting one's pants returned, and I felt faint. The poor girl looked up and then slid down onto her butt, sitting in her own puddle, and she put her head into her hands, crying still, sobbing violently at the realization of her total pee accident. I moved slightly and saw through the gap of her shorts and her legs a large portion of her soaked white panties, and then I saw her finish off her bladder in her pants as her bladder gave one last stream. She emptied the rest of her bladder right there in front of me, and I couldn't believe it. I kept wetting myself out of excitement, wishing I could hug and console the poor embarrassed young woman. I watched her pee flood her already soaked panties as I stared up her shorts. Her pee flooded the floor and she was sitting in a three or four–foot puddle, with her shoes and socks completely soaked. Her butt sat right in the middle as she finished peeing, her knees still up and her head still in her hands. She looked sheepishly at me with her face red, pee all around her young body in a huge mess of an accident, and suddenly, she stood up and then caught sight of my flooded leggings, now glistening with my own pee in the light, and mumbled something like "oh my God, you wet yourself too," and I stared at her, pee dripping from her soaked shorts from where she had sat in her own pee. My own pee had soaked my inner thighs and I was dripping slightly myself. My crotch was exploding with excitement at the combination of my own release and the view of her accident. And then, as quickly as it started, she turned embarrassedly away, walking towards her mother's table, who looked up in shock as she saw her daughter walking through the lobby, totally soaked from a pee accident. The last glimpse I had was when I followed them out, pee streaming down my own leggings, and I watched the poor girl's shorts as she headed towards Mom's minivan. Her green shorts now much more see–through from the wetness, and the sight of her soaked panties through the shorts as I fantasized about holding and touching her made me orgasm right there due to my own purposeful pee accident. Her wet shorts rode up on her rear and I saw the wet underwear stick out as she bent forward to climb into the car. It was the most amazing sight I'd seen in a few years and I sat in my car after putting a towel on my seat, and touched myself through my wet leggings, and then proceeded to drive to my motel, (an embarrassing moment for sure going up to the desk in soaked leggings) my own nipples forcing their way through my tank top as I was still excited about what I had caused another girl to do that day. That night, once at the motel, I visited the vending machine. Three times. 7 cans of soft drink and an hour or so later, I again was desperate to pee. As I lay on my motel bed, I imagined what it was like to be that poor girl, and I wet myself on purpose again and soaked the bed sheets entirely with my own flood, and masturbated to the scenes I replayed in my head of the poor girl desperately trying to control her bladder and losing, her ocean of tears showing how humiliated she was to be peeing her pants in front of people.
Gillian