The Undress Event (part 1)

by Francine

It was not the first time Barbara Waleski had been in Latin America, for she had often represented her company in parts of the region; but it was the first time she had been with such a large group. Barbara was Vice President for Development for her company, in the business of producing and marketing certain types of pharmaceuticals and biochemicals, and she was here with four associates attending a trade fair set up by the local government. Barbara was both the senior member of her delegation, and the only woman. With her were two engineers, a legal advisor, and a representative of the Finance Department.

However, these five were among over three hundred representatives of firms, mostly North American and European, in attendance. The objects of the fair were twofold; it was an opportunity for foreign companies to display their wares and make local contacts, but also a chance for the local Ministry of Industrial Development, which sponsored the fair, to attract foreign companies into the country. The area had many advantages, which the government wished to show off to foreign organizations in its effort to attract international investment.

Although the only woman in her own delegation, Barbara found plenty of female company at the conference. Other firms had also sent women among the delegations, and some of the larger groups had brought secretaries and hostesses to staff exhibits. Many of the attendees also had brought family members along to enjoy the sights.

As is usual in such events, the fair made use of a exhibition hall in the center of the large city which served as the country's capital, and most of the attendees were quartered in the numerous luxury hotels nearby. The host government had been generous in providing hospitality to the foreigners attending, and lost no opportunity to display the opportunities which existed within its population.

Barbara had been five days at the fair, and had about had her fill of cocktail parties and speeches by local dignitaries. At lunch she shared her thoughts with Ralph DeMaurice, her legal advisor.

"Ralph, are you getting much from all this talk? I came here to do a marketing job, and meeting with the local buyers and consumers is useful, but I've had it up to here with the political hard sell we're getting. Do you think these bureaucrats really have anything worth listening to? Personally, I'm about ready to pack up and get back home - you know I'm a new grandmother, and this isn't the best time for me to be away!"

"Barb, maybe your grand motherly instincts are getting in way of your hearing. They're not really wanting us to come into this city and set up sales outlets or production facilities, though it sounds like that. Now, I know you're a marketer, and you look at sales opportunities. What they want to do is sell to us - they want to get foreign capital to build manufacturing plants here, preferably light industry, like, say, ours. But they don't want any more building in the capital. That's why you here some much about the 'Terranovas' "

"And have you figured out what these Terranovas are? I've heard the word, but my time has been with the buyers, or ones we think might be buyers. They don't seem to have much to say about it."

At that point, Mark Atwood, who represented an electronics firm, approached the table. "This seat vacant? May I join you?"

"Of course," Barbara replied, her best sales style showing. Mark seated himself.

"Mark, Barb and I have been talking about the Terranovas - you sat in on the seminar about some of them yesterday. Maybe you could explain the concept to Barbara."

"The Terranovas? Well, I'll try. Terranova, of course, is just a way of saying new ground - and that's basically what they are. By the way, are you set up for the tours to any of them Friday?"

Barbara smiled. "Of course. I wasn't sure what the concept was, but I saw the sign up forms for the tours, and naturally our good friend the Minister is paying for them. I've had enough of this city, and so I picked the one that looked like it was the farthest away - that's Terranova Five. I figured it would give me a good chance to see the countryside at someone else's expense!"

She laughed a bit at her reasoning. Mark continued. "You'll find it's a sales pitch. As you have seen this city is awash in people - they keep coming in from the countryside, and all the facilities are overtaxed. There's not enough housing, or water, or telephone lines, or really anything. But out in the countryside, there's a lot of land and not much of it is crowded, because the people, especially the young ones, are gravitating to the city."

"To get jobs, and better pay - as they do in so many countries around this old earth," Ralph observed.

Mark went on. "The government has come up with the idea of creating small industrial centers - something like industrial parks - near a number of the outlying towns and villages. They have selected a number of sites, not in the little towns, but near them, and they have called them Terranovas. I suppose each will eventually get a name, but right now they just go by numbers. Nothing is really built there just yet, but they are hoping."

Barbara was listening with care. "Hoping for some company like us to decide to stick a factory out there and pay for it, then hire the local people to staff it?"

"Exactly," Mark continued. "My company has at least a little interest. The idea is that if small factories are set up at these sites, the workers will not come primarily from the little towns, but will come from the capital and will decide to move back out to these areas to get better employment and probably cleaner air and somewhat more spacious living. Many of the little towns have lots of vacant houses, or land where houses could be built, because people have been moving out of the little communities. To get foreign companies to build these plants, the government is offering incentives - tax relief, relaxation of labor laws, and even some help with financing. It may not be a bad thing to look at."

Ralph interjected, "But - and I heard it's a big but - this hasn't been given a lot of publicity in the country. It's mostly being promoted among foreigners. What I heard is that there is political opposition. What did you hear?"

"Someone mentioned that, but not the Minister or any of his bureaucrats. There does not seem to be any real opposition in the government, or in the city here. These people seem to be all for it. Now, I would think most of the people in the small towns affected would be for it, too; because, if it happens, it will bring a lot of money and jobs into their communities."

"Then who opposes it - other than ones like us, who would wind up footing the bill if we decide to participate?" Barbara asked.

"It seems that there are some in the rural areas, the small towns, who really don't like the idea of bringing people from the city back into their towns. They've sort of said 'good riddance' to many of them when they left, and won't welcome them back. Some of these people just like the small town way of life, and the see the Terranova plan as bringing them an influx of strangers, a lot of congestion, and, in short, big city problems."

"Is the opposition active, then? I heard there were some demonstrations," Ralph asked.

"Not violent ones, as far as I know. This country is pretty stable. But there apparently have been some protest marches, people sticking up signs, things like that. I really don't think it's much to be concerned about at this point."

"Anyway," Barbara observed, "we will see that Friday when we go on the tours. Since I'm going to Terranova Five, I was told it will be an all day trip, from morning to late evening. I'm not sure I'm sold on buying into the Terranovas, but I plan to enjoy the chance to get out of the city and see the countryside, as long as I have to be here anyway!"

"Going to the banquet Thursday night, Barb?" Ralph inquired, then added thoughtfully, "Free, you know. Courtesy of the Ministry."

"Wouldn't miss it. Right price. And Ralph, don't you dare try to put it on your expense account!" Barbara pointed a threatening finger as she laughed a bit.

The banquet indeed ran late, and it was nearly midnight when Barbara got back to her room. She noted that the tours on Friday were to leave early, hers at seven thirty. The night would be short, she noted. She laid out her clothes for the tour, glad to be able to dress casually for once, instead of having to present the proper image of corporate dignity.

Friday morning saw crowds of delegates milling around waiting for the tour buses to visit the Terranovas. She noted only forty people had signed up for her tour, to the most distant location. The shorter trips were obviously more popular, some requiring more than one bus to accommodate those who had signed up.

She found the bus designated for Terranova Five. A few people were standing around it, and others came in. Barbara recognized one woman she had encountered briefly before, and went over to her. "Hi - I'm Barbara Waleski - I think we met in the seminar on Tuesday? Do help me recall your name."

"Nora - Nora Concannon. Yes, we did meet. I have my secretary with me, here somewhere; oh, there she is! Evelyn, I want you to meet Barbara - she sells chemicals or some such!"

The women exchanged greetings, as the bus began to board.

Although forty persons had signed up, only 37 actually boarded - 32 men, and 5 women. There was also a driver and a representative of the Industrial Ministry, both men. Barbara noted the gender difference. "Well, ladies, it looks like we're in the minority - as usual. We're outnumbered about six to one!"

"Seems fair," Nora observed confidently.

Once aboard, they were treated to a rather thorough and prolonged briefing by their tour guide, who turned out to be a long winded minor bureaucrat named Antonio Gonzalez. He was at once humorous, cheerful, loud, and never at a loss for words. He mentioned a few sites of interest in the city, as they passed, but devoted most of his extensive discourse to the need to move people out of the city to the countryside and how the Terranova plan would address it.

Barbara was the only one from her company on this bus, and she really hadn't planned to do any heavy research on what they were to shown. However, she might be asked about the plan, so she felt it prudent to get out her notebook and record a few notes about what was said. She rather quickly lost interest, however, when the bus reached the limits of the city and set off on a rural road.

"Ah, fresh air" she noted to Nora, sitting beside her. "About time after all that pollution we've been living in!"

"Get used to it - we have almost two hundred kilometers to go to get to the Terranova Five site!"

"Good. I like the country - but this is the best part of it I've seen!"

Like two tourists they focused more on the sights outside, only occasionally mentioned by Tony, as he asked them to call him, than on his continued emphasis on Terranova. However, as Nora observed, "They're paying for this, so I suppose they have a right to talk about whatever they want!"

The bus did make a couple of short stops at sites of some touristic interest, but not for long; as the guide and driver seemed intent on getting them to their destination with minimum delay.

The route passed through hill country, covered with fairly lush tropical or subtropical vegetation, according to the altitude. There were a number of small farms and a few villages, but for the most part their route lay through a thinly populated rural region.

After about three hours of driving, they approached a village they guessed was about ten kilometers from their destination. Tony had explained that the site of Terranova Five lay not far from the town of Nuevo Campinas, which they would visit after seeing the site. This little village ahead was not the town they had expected to approach, but the bus suddenly came to a halt in the middle of the road.

"What is this for? There seems to be some obstruction in front of us," Barbara noted, trying to see ahead of the bus. Several passengers craned their necks trying to see what was in front of them. Their guide, never before at a loss for words, left the bus with the driver.

Through the windows, they could see a number of men, apparently somewhat agitated, moving about. Several walked around the bus, looking up into the windows. Voices were heard, now quite noisy and seemingly disturbed about something. 

Clark, a man sitting across from Barbara, turned to her. "I think we have a problem. These fellows don't seem to want to let us through, and they are taking our driver and Tony away to some building."

"Are they police?" someone asked.

"No, there are no uniforms. I don't know who they are!" one of the passengers replied.

All of them waited. A man near the back called out, "Can't we get out, if there's a delay? Some of us need a bathroom stop - we haven't had one since the hotel!"

"Better stay on the bus," came a reply.

Nora turned quietly to Barbara. "That guy who wanted a bathroom stop could have been me! I sure could use one!"

Overhearing, Clark admonished them, "Better stay with it for now. I am not sure what's happening!"

They had not long to wait. A man dressed in very casual attire, but speaking fairly good English, climbed on the bus and called for the attention of the passengers.

"Friends - we welcome you to Nuevo Campinas, which is where you are going to be for a while. Your driver will be replaced by a new driver. I am Miguel Mortinas, representing the People's Committee of Nuevo Campinas. You can call me Mike." He smiled at the anglicized version of his name.

"My friends and I will take you into the town of Nuevo Campinas, which is about fifteen kilometers away. You will not be going to what the government has called Terranova, as the People's Committee does not recognize the government's plan, which would disrupt our town and our way of life. You must understand that we bear no ill will to you, as you are guests in our country; but we must show our government that the Terranovas must not be built. Unfortunately, you were sent here by the government ministry that is planning the Terranovas, and your companies are those which might come into our area to build factories we do not want. We must impress you, your companies, and especially our government, that their ideas are unacceptable to the people of this area. I regret very much that we must use you to show our disapproval, but that is what we must do to preserve our way of life. We are a peaceful people, and our actions are peaceful, but you must understand they are necessary and we are determined."

He stopped for a moment, apparently for emphasis. Meanwhile, two other men had climbed aboard the bus, and one took the drivers seat.

"We mean you no harm, but you must stay with us for a time. If you do what we ask of you, you will be able to return later. We do not intend to harm you, but, I must point out, we are determined and we are many. Some of my men are armed, but we are not trying to scare you with weapons. Instead, we want you to come to a party in our town! We insist you must come - you will be the biggest part of our celebrations! But, please, we mean no personal ill will to you. So please cooperate with us and all will be well!"

The passengers turned to each other. "Looks like we're being hijacked," one noted.

Al, sitting near the front, turned to those behind, saying "You got the message about their weapons, didn't you? I think it's best to cooperate. We're way the heck out in the hills!"

"Who's going to help us?"

Another man was more thoughtful. "We're going to be missed - the police, and if need be, the army, will be coming for us. We don't need to make any trouble ourselves. They just want to make a protest and get a lot of publicity, and this will probably do it. Play along with them - they've no reason to hurt us!"

Barbara looked at Nora. "I don't like this, but it does liven up the day. But, we might as well make the best of it. They're not going to miss us back sat the hotel until late tonight - maybe not until tomorrow!"

Nora was a bit more pessimistic. "I wish I could feel good about it. But I don't. And I still need a bathroom."

Miguel, or Mike, smiled at them, but continued to explain firmly that their cooperation was needed; and he insisted that if it was, things would be peaceful. He left unsaid what would be the consequences if they were uncooperative.

The bus continued along the road for perhaps half an hour. They came into the town of Nuevo Campinas, and the passengers could see townspeople out in the streets looking at them. Their arrival was not unplanned. Something was going to happen.

The bus came to a halt outside a building which apparently served as a market. It was a large, open-sided structure with an assortment of tables under the roof. It was largely empty, but in front of it barricades had been set up, and a number of men, and a few women, were placed around them.

The door opened. Miguel told the passengers, "OK - everybody out; go over by the tables. Leave all your things on the bus. You will not need anything!"

The passengers, all thirty seven, filed out of the bus, and headed for the designated area. More and more people came, forming a cordon around the barricaded area.

They were allowed to carry nothing with them. A woman who tried to take her purse was instructed to leave it on the bus.

After the passengers were assembled under the roof, Miguel stood in front of them and addressed them. 

"We want you to know we are not thieves - we intend to keep nothing of your belongings. What you have left on the bus will be taken back to the city with it - but all in time. Your driver and the government man will not be harmed either - they will be taken back to the city, too. Now, if you continue to cooperate, you, too, will go back to the city - but not for awhile. We need you to be part of our little party, here. Now we must get you ready for our party and our parade!"

He hesitated a moment for emphasis. Then he gave a loud command.

"Strip. All of you. Take your clothes off - put them on the tables! They will not be stolen, we will put them on the bus and send them back with it. But for our party, you no longer need them! Now - everything comes off! Men must strip naked - but as for the ladies, we are courteous to the ladies - they may keep on their shoes and underwear. Now - please start!"

He was firm. The group exchanged glances. There were grumbles and shrugs, but the obvious consensus was to comply. There seemed to be no alternative.

Clark looked to Barbara, standing near him. "At least you get to keep your underwear! Let's be thankful for small blessings. Well, ladies, I never planned to do this in front of you, but--." With a resigned look he began to take off his shoes. Other men had started to remove their footwear and shirts. Those with jackets were taking them off.

Three of the five women collected together slowly. None of them had started to remove anything so far; they just looked at each other. Two other women were scattered among the men in the group.

"Well, girls" one woman announced, "we'd better get started before they change the rules. At least we're allowed shoes and underwear!"

Barbara slipped off her jacket, then started to unbutton her shirt. "I feel sorry for the men - they didn't get any kind of break! They lose everything!"

"We'll get it back - they said so," observed Nora, rather cynically.

"Do I detect skepticism there? Here, I'm Grace Collins - I'd rather say hello now than have to meet you in my underwear later!" 

"What counts as underwear?" asked Evelyn, not one of the first three, but coming over to join them.

"Underpants and a bra," Grace answered emphatically. "Don't push your luck, and if you don't have a bra, you're in trouble!"

Evelyn was wearing a blouse and skirt, the only female not clad in pants. "I asked, because I have a half-slip on under this skirt - I wonder if they'd let me keep it?"

"You're pushing your luck, lady," Grace informed her. "We're going to wind up in panties and bras, and I'd suggest you do the same. Be glad you're not a man!"

Around them, men were removing their garments and placing them on the tables. One man was already down to a pair of boxer shorts. Several of the men were making nervous glances at the women.

Miguel watched, but didn't seem to try to hurry the pace. He had positioned himself where he had a good view of the women, but also kept the men in his view. Around the barricades, many people had now gathered, men, women, even children; all looking eagerly at these North Americans and Europeans getting out of their clothes.

Barbara, her shirt off and sliding down her pants, looked up and saw a man now naked, his white skin showing no tan at all. "Like me," she thought. Another naked man was facing her, caught her glance, and quickly reversed his posture, only to find himself standing in front of three grinning local women leaning over the barricade.

"This is terrible for the men!" Barbara muttered, to anyone who would listen. She had found it necessary to remove her shoes in order to get the pants off, but quickly replaced them and then laid her removed clothing on a table.

"Do they want to separate mens' and womens' clothes?" asked Grace.

"All going to the same place. I don't think anyone will care," answered Nora, now standing in a serviceable white bra and cotton panties. A man facing her, had just discarded his last bit of underwear and now found himself naked. He was staring at Nora in her undergarments. Suddenly realizing that she saw him, he apologized, "Excuse me - I didn't mean to look. I don't want to make you self-conscious!"

"Don't worry," Nora reassured him while staring back at his private parts, "Everyone's looking. We can't hide. I really don't mean to look, either, but I can't do much about it!"

By now, a number of naked men were milling about, while a few others were still delivering clothing to the tables or undoing shoelaces. All of the women were now done to pants and bras of varying styles. Their guards were watching the show.

At a signal, several men and women from beyond the barricades came forward and started picking up the clothes from the tables, carrying the piles of clothing back to the bus.

Barbara found Clark, standing not far from her, now fully stripped. His eyes had obviously been on the women, and as he turned to face her she noticed he had an obvious erection. Her eyes fell on it.

"I can't help it," he said to her quite sheepishly. " I never had to do anything like this before, and I was watching what you had to go through, too! I -"

"You don't have to explain. It's a natural reaction," Barbara returned. "None of us is comfortable with this." 

While the eyes of the crowd were mostly on the naked men, several of Miguel's cohorts were in the area and it was obvious they were feasting their eyes on the five women. They were standing where they had a clear view of them, and the broad smiles on their faces showed their reaction.

"Why do they have to look at us like that? Like we were livestock at the county fair?" commented a very annoyed Nora.

"Because we are at some kind of fair, and we are the show! Why do you think they made us strip, except to leer over us and humiliate us?"

The fifth woman came over to join them. The youngest of the group, it seemed she had been a secretary brought by her company to staff their exhibit. She seemed little older than a teenager, now dressed in bikini underpants and the briefest of bras. She was shaking and sweating.

"What will they do to us?" she nervously asked the other women. "Are we going to be --- attacked?"

Grace tried to reassure her. "Probably not. They didn't make us take all our clothes off, which is a good sign. I think they just want us to be embarrassed, humiliated, scared stiff, or whatever - so we won't ever want to come back here and our companies will never want anything to do with this place. But I don't think they mean us any real harm. It's all some kind of a demonstration, a show of power-"

"Who knows what they want," Barbara chimed in. "If they want us to develop such a distaste for this place we'll never recommend it to anyone, they've already made their point. Just look at these poor guys - not a shred of cover on any of them!"

"That's, I guess, the one good part of it, if there is one," the new arrival observed. "I never saw so many undressed men in my life. Oh, I'm glad they let us keep a little bit on!"

"I haven't got much modesty left," Nora remarked, "but I sure need a bathroom. Worse than ever!"

"You need to pee?" Myra, the new arrival asked. "So do I. I've needed to for the last hour. Think they'll let us?"

Grace scowled at them. "Fat chance. Right now, the word is hold it!"

"A number of the men were asking for a bathroom stop," Barbara noted. "That was an hour ago. You can guess how they feel now!"

Their attention was drawn to Miguel, who now was calling out orders. He instructed all the men to form in a line, and to hold their hands behind their backs. This had the effect of making several men, who had been using their hands to try to cover their genitals, to now expose themselves completely.

The men formed in a line, the front of which was aimed at a gap in the barricades. As the first man in line was called forward, two of the male guards took his arms and bound them together behind his back. Then the next was called forward to receive the same treatment.

The first man then was moved forward to a second position, where several women were in place. As he stopped in front of them, one woman immediately reached out and seized his penis, holding it firmly and stretching it out a bit. A second woman then took two rubber bands and slipped them over his penis, allowing them to snap in place. He winced noticeably as he felt the snap of the rubber bands tighten around his organ.

One of Miguel's associates told the men the reason. "You won't be peeing for a while. That's just to help you control yourself!"

The men in line squirmed nervously and muttered among themselves, as they realized what was being done. The women picked up part of the conversation and they, too, realized what was happening.

"Wonder what they'll do to us?" Evelyn pondered. 

"I think," Barbara speculated, "that any prospect of a bathroom break is being postponed."

"Ohhhhh," Nora moaned at the thought, "I don't know how long I can hold back."

"Want them to put a rubber band on you?" Grace asked.

"Or worse" Myra responded nervously.

Miguel surveyed the situation, then called to the women to fall in at the end of the line. They did as instructed, with a mixture of curiosity and dread at what would happen to them.

As the last man finished having his hands tied, Grace stepped forward, holding her hands behind her, expecting them to be tied also. To her great surprise, she was told to just stand in position, while the rubber bands were applied to the man in front of her. Then, she was told just to move to the next station. She looked at one of her captors with a quizzical expression, as though as to ask, "Why are you not tying me, too?"

Miguel, standing not far away, perceived her unspoken question. "We told you we are courteous to ladies. As long as you cooperate, we see no need to tie your hands!"

Grace moved forward. Nora, behind her, asked Miguel, "Do we get rubber bands, too? Where will you put them?" There was sarcasm and a note of defiance in her voice. Nonetheless, Miguel responded to her with his somewhat distorted version of politeness. "Where would you like them? No, you do not get the little straps. They are not tight enough to be painful, but they may cause a little discomfort. They will make it hard for the men to pee, and prevent any accidents if some have trouble controlling themselves. We do not think ladies will use the street for a toilet, so we will not put bands on you!"

"Are you going to allow them to pee?" Grace demanded. "None of us has had a bathroom break since we left the hotel this morning! Some of them need to pee rather badly!"

"All in good time, ladies, but right now, we have other things to do first."

"How about us?" Nora called. "Will we be allowed to pee?"

"You and your bladder!," Grace said to her softly. 

Miguel looked directly at Nora. "Do you need to?"

"Absolutely!" Nora answered with emphasis.

"I will keep it in mind. But, first things first. You must follow along with the "men!"

The group broke from the single file line into a loosely gathered group spread across the street. They were flanked on each side by their captors, mostly men, and were being marched down the center of the street. The pavement was crude, and some of the men were cringing as their bare feet landed on the rough stones. Ahead of them, the group could see a crude sign being carried, its back to them; and a truck was going ahead of them, with a man using a bull horn to address the gathering crowds in Spanish. With the man was another, equipped with a video camera, recording the events, and especially focusing on the naked marchers.

It was obvious they were being taken on a kind of parade.

Now that they were no longer in a line, several of the women broke from their group and rejoined the men with whom they had been associates. Barbara turned to the nearest man, whose name she did not know, and asked "I think it is awful what they're doing to you. Do those rubber bands hurt badly?"

"They're pretty tight, but I can stand it. What I'm afraid of, though, is they're not going to let us relieve ourselves, which is why the bands are on, and ----" he stopped, then turning away from Barbara, added, "Sorry - I shouldn't be saying things like that to a lady."

"Go ahead," Barbara encouraged him. "We're all in this together, and, for what it's worth, there are five women here in pretty dire need of a ladies' room, too."

She looked down at his penis, squeezed by the two tight bands. It was flaccid, but the bands were still compressing it noticeably. 

Not far away, Grace was walking next to a man who obviously was having an erection he didn't want. The rubber bands were tightly squeezing his erect organ, and Grace perceived that they were causing him some distress. She said something intended to be comforting. He wasn't comforted. He rather roughly answered her with, "Lady, you're not helping. The more you look the worse it's going to be. Just leave it alone - at least you've got your underpants on!"

It seemed obvious that they were being paraded around the town. People seemed to line the sides of the street, calling out to them, and making what they took for jeers and catcalls. For the most part, though, the onlookers were orderly. The bull horn continued to broadcast something about them from the truck ahead.

"What are they saying?" Grace asked of Jim, her erstwhile companion at the fair, knowing he spoke the language.

"I think," he began, "the sign says something about the 'People's Committee of Nuevo Campinas' and says that no foreign factories are going to be built here - he's telling them that any foreigners who come here to disrupt their life are going to be treated--- oh, excuse me!"

He groaned for a moment, then began again, "He's saying any others that come will be treated like we are being treated - they don't want the Terranovas, and their government must abandon - ouch!" 

"Something bothering you?" she asked.

"I've got a heck of ache at the bottom of my stomach, that's all!"

"Are you sick - anything you ate?"

"More likely everything I - oh, oh, drank for breakfast and before. It's just needing to be let out; and these cursed rubber bands aren't helping any. Oh, but you're lucky they didn't do anything like this to you!"

"Jim, I know the feeling - I may not have rubber bands but the women all need to pee like - well, pretty awful, too. We're all in it together!"

"At least you've got some clothes on - nice of them to let the women keep some of their dignity! We didn't get any!" He grimaced with his growing discomfort.

Something was happening ahead of them. The march was slowing, as the truck pulled ahead away from them. The crowd ahead of them was filling the street. Their guards were holding open only a small path down the center of the road, perhaps eighteen inches wide. Ropes were stretched along the sides of this little path for a distance of perhaps forty feet. The entire march halted as their guards stood by.

"What's this?" Barbara asked, looking to Clark. "Looks as though they are going to make us go through that narrow gap - it'll have to be single file. Look - people are crowding up to the ropes. They're going to do something!"

"Looks like the people on the ropes are all women. Are they going to make us walk right between them?"

In a moment they had their answer. One of the men was told to walk through the path. He immediately found his way hindered by hordes of female hands reaching out to him, grasping mostly at his genitals. They weren't holding him; if a women touched him, she gave him a small tug or a squeeze and let it go. Some of them reached for his testicles, grabbing and squeezing quickly.

"They're making us run a gauntlet between crowds of pretty grabby women!" Clark noted. "Oh, if there was just a toilet at the other end it would be worth it!"

One by one, the men were made to walk through the path. The women weren't unduly rough, but each was trying to get a momentary grip on some piece of a man's private parts. Most of the women were young, some probably teen-agers, but a few were middle aged and even elderly.

Barbara turned to the other women near her. "This is terrible. They're doing everything they can to humiliate the men! And they're making us part of it!"

"How are we part of it? We're victims, too?" Grace retorted.

"They made the men strip off everything, but let us keep a few of our clothes. But they made them strip in front of us, as well as the locals. Now they are making them go through this with the local women, and they probably will just wave us through without a touch! I tell you, they're using us to humiliate the men with us!"

"Nothing we can do about it, Barbara! We're victims, too!"

"Oh, yes, there is! I've seen enough of this. I'm not going to be part of embarrassing the men any more!" Barbara's words were emphatic.

"What can you do?" Evelyn asked. "If we tried to help the men any way, they'd stop us! There's nothing we can do about it!"

"Oh, yes, there is!" Barbara repeated. 

Grace stared at her. "What are you going to do?" she inquired.

"What any red blooded woman ought to do in a situation like this! They told us we could keep our underwear and shoes on - they didn't say we had to! Well - if the men have to be naked, I will be, too!" With a quick gesture, Barbara reached down, pulled off her shoes, and tossed them to the crowd lining the street. While the astonished onlookers stared, she reached behind her back, unhooked her bra, and threw it to the crowd on the other side. Finally, she pulled off her panties, and tossed them in the same manner.

Several of the naked men were looking in the women's direction and saw Barbara's actions. They stared, standing still in their spots as they awaited their turn for the gauntlet ahead.

The other women stared at Barbara, too.. Then Grace quickly began to do the same thing. A moment later Nora followed suit, then Evelyn and Myra. In seconds all five of the women were naked and barefoot, just as the men were.

Now a number of men had turned and seen what the women were doing. Their hands cuffed behind them, they were unable to make any kind of hand gesture. Suddenly a voice went out, "Let's hear it for the ladies!" A rousing cheer went up from the the group of naked men, realizing they had now been joined in their nudity by the women.

Their captors were dumfounded. The men acting as guards just stood and stared. Men on the sidelines pushed to the front, the better to view this new found sight.

Meanwhile, the men continued to be sent through the gauntlet of groping female hands. In a few more minutes, the last man stood in position to be started down the path. Behind him now stood five naked women, ranging from the slender and youthful Myra to the more corpulent and graying Barbara. 

As the last man ran through the lines, the make up of the crowd began to change. Men pushed themselves into position along the ropes. Some women drew back, others held their place. 

Grace was the first of the women in line. She was signaled to go down the path. Before she had gone even one foot, a male hand had grasped her left breast, administering a hard squeeze. At the same time she felt a hand running over her genitals. As she moved, the other breast was groped, too. Both men and women were groping the naked captives, squeezing their breasts, pulling their nipples, pulling their pubic hair and poking their genitals. 

Barbara pushed herself to second position in line, and went through the same chaotic reaching of hands, aimed mostly at breasts and pubic regions. It was awful, and there was no way to avoid the constant handling. Finally, she emerged at the other end of the path. She awaited the remaining three women who still had to run the course.

The men were standing about, pushed rather closely together, and their captors were preparing to march them further down the street. Clark found Barbara after she emerged, and spoke to her.

"Every man here thinks what you did was great! I can't believe you women voluntarily gave up the clothes they let you keep and then went through that!" 

Other men joined in support for the women. One came up to Grace, remarking, "I couldn't believe what I was seeing - five women stripping in the middle of the street! I still don't believe my eyes!"

"You might as well get a good look at us," Barbara returned, with a bit of a smile. "Everyone else is looking at us. No reason you shouldn't!"

After another three blocks of walking, they were stopped again. Something was happening up front. Finally, they realized what was taking place.

Two of the naked men were taken from the group, by women who were leading them by their penises. They were taken a short distance away from the street and made to stand facing a drainage ditch. A crowd, mostly female, gathered around them.

The women who led them then reached down and removed the rubber bands from their sexual organs, then each held the penis of her captive and pointed it at the ditch. The men were then instructed to release their urine, as the women held them.

With great relief, the first two men were quickly sending copious streams into the ditch. The waiting men realized what was occurring, and the response was almost joyous. "They're letting us pee! Bless 'em! They're actually going to let us pee!" one exclaimed. Another cried out, "Oh, thanks for little blessings! We're really going to get to pee!"

Others followed. Throughout the crowd, men with badly overfilled, aching bladders rejoiced at the thought of relief. It came slowly, though, as they were taken by women, two at a time.

"What will they do with us?" Myra wondered. "Do we get taken down there, too?"

The question was answered sooner than they expected.

Miguel came up to the women, another man at his side. "Ladies," he addressed them, "would you like to use the toilet?" he inquired, rather politely.

"Oh, would we ever!" answered Nora, her enthusiasm obvious.

"Carlos here will take you. There is a toilet in that building," and he indicated a small structure nearby. 

The five women, led by Carlos and guarded by another man, were escorted into the building. Inside there were two rather grungy bathrooms. He motioned for the women to go ahead and use them. Nora was the first to enter. "At least there's one advantage in being naked - nothing to unfasten or take down!" she observed, seated herself on the toilet.

