A true story (only slightly embellished) told by Nathalie, my girlfriend, using a tape recorder. She has found out how much I enjoy this sort of thing! She is now 27, 5ft 9ins and slim with golden red hair that she keeps very long. Nathalie tells:
I have always seemed to need to wee when it's not possible to find a loo, and anyway, I'm too shy to say so if I'm with someone. When I was in my teens, I used to be sent on holiday with my Aunt and Uncle and my cousin, Peter, a year older than me. We always went caravanning, usually to Cornwall, but once we went to the Lake District and Scotland. From Bristol this was a long way and meant hours in the car. Uncle Jim didn't like to have to stop except at lunchtime and at the end of the day, at a campsite, so I often spent long hours of agony in the back seat.
The first time we went north, I was just 16 and had learnt to have a pee before leaving on a journey but this was much further to go and we were to do the trip all in two days. This could have been quicker but my Uncle refused to drive on the motorway with a caravan because of the lorries passing him all the time.
We set off at 7am and by 11am I was dying for the loo. Peter was very restless too and asked his father to stop somewhere. We stopped in a layby and Peter got out and went behind a hedge to pee. I could see a lot of what he was doing as the hedge didn't give much privacy so when Uncle Jim asked if I wanted to go to the toilet I said no. How I regretted it! After another 30 minutes I couldn't keep still and was squirming in the seat. I knew Peter was watching me (it certainly wasn't the first time that I had noticed him looking up my skirt)so I couldn't put my hand between my legs although I really wanted to. After trying everything else, crossing my legs, banging them together and moving about as much as I could, I drew one leg up so that I could press my heel to my crotch, which helped a lot. Unfortunately this drew more attention from my cousin because I was wearing a very short cotton dress and he could see my thighs and my white knickers so I tried to sit normally again, keeping still. Then I realised that seeing him look and knowing that he was turned on was exciting me, which seemed to take my mind off my bladder a little. Plucking up some courage, I swivelled round on the seat and put my feet up, facing him, and raising my knees, propped a book on them, pretending to read. I knew he could see my panties now and could look as much as he wanted. I still had to shift about a lot to avoid wetting myself though and it was getting really desperate. Below my book I had a view of Peter's lap and was thrilled to see a huge bulge there. I was feeling aroused about that but it didn't help for long. 
The next thing that happened was that Peter began tickling my feet, which were right by him, and I had to quickly press my hand to my pee–hole to stop myself weeing. He must have known that I was bursting and carried on tickling me and making me laugh until a spurt of wee escaped and I tried to stop him. I whispered in his ear that I'd wet my pants and he whispered back that if I showed him, he wouldn't tell his parents. I let him look but I was frightened that if we didn't stop soon it would all come out and I had to use both hands to stop it. I had to rub myself and really squeeze my legs together and only just made it until our lunchtime halt.
Now I'm older, (27) I usually wear black skirts that dont show wet patches too much because I never quite make it to the loo in time and sometimes if it really gets desperate I just squat down on some grass if there is any and wet my knickers without anyone noticing. I still find it exciting thinking about what would happen if someone did see me though. Now that I know that Nick finds this a real turn–on it's not so embarrassing and I even find it interesting when he needs to go to the toilet. Unfortunately he can wait much longer than I can. The hardest thing is when I drive my car and need a wee and only last week I wet myself coming home from work.
Nathalie says thats a story for another time, I'll keep you posted.Nick