The first day Mr. Thompson posted the Help Wanted – Part Time sign in his window Jenny came in. He had run his small jewelry store by himself since he opened a year ago, but business had picked up and he decided to get someone part time to help out. He thought Jenny was so cute but too young. She had a pretty smile and long blonde hair and a tiny sexy body. And she was wearing a cheerleader uniform.
"Hello Mr. Thompson, I am Jenny. Amanda told me you needed somebody part time."
"My daughter, Amanda?"
"Yes Sir, we are in the same class at school."
"Well if you are in her class then I am sorry but you are too young to work here."
"I know I look her age Sir, but I am a couple of years older. I failed two grades. I can prove how old I am."
Jenny opened her purse and pulled out a driver's license and handed it to Mike. She had just turned 19.
"I need someone about 20 hours a week in the afternoons."
"That is fine Sir, I can work any day you need me after I get out of school at 3:00– and Saturdays too."
"I need to hire someone soon, give me your number and I will call you soon if I am interested in hiring you."
"OK Mr. Thompson, but I really want this job."
Jenny gave him a sexy smile and when she turned to leave he saw how her tiny skirt barely covered her little butt. He wondered what she had on underneath it – if anything. And then he teased her – Oh by the way Jenny – I love your cheerleader outfit but you can't be wearing that to work :)
"Yes Sir, I know but I came right from school. I have lots more nice clothes I can wear to work."
Mike thought about her all afternoon and a couple of times he had to sneak to the back room and stroke his cock thinking about how cute and sexy she looked. She sure did not look 19 but some girls just mature late. When he got home he asked Amanda about Jenny.
"You mean Jenny Tyler – the slut?"
"What do you mean by that, sweetie?"
"Everybody at school knows she has done it with lots of boys."
Mike told his Amanda not to believe everything she hears, but he was very curious if it was true. Jenny looked so sweet and innocent. By the next morning he had decided to talk to Jenny again. He called her and made an appointment for her to come back in on Saturday. She arrived right on time and this time she looked much different, not the cute little schoolgirl he met before. Now she was wearing a sexy dress, short but not too short, stockings, and heels. She was wearing make–up and lipstick now and did look older. She was not wearing a bra and it appeared she was very flat chested. Mike began to talk to her about the job and he was very impressed with her. Jenny seemed quite intelligent and mature and was very polite and respectful. He told her all he needed was someone to help wait on the customers when he was busy, but that she would not be handling any money. He hired her and asked if she could start Monday.
"Yes Sir, I will be here right after school."
"That is fine, Jenny."
"And is this appropriate dress for the shop, Sir?"
"Oh yes, that is just fine."
"Thank you Sir, I will see you Monday."
All weekend Mike thought about cute little Jenny and jerked off a few times. And he wondered if there was any truth to what Amanda had said about her. Maybe in time he would find out. Jenny arrived right on time Monday and caught on very quickly. She was good with the customers and they all liked her, especially his male customers. And she was a good salesperson too. Jenny worked three days a week and on Saturdays. She was always on time and never missed a day. Mike thought this smart, polite, pretty girl could never be the little slut his daughter had described. He figured some girl at school was jealous of her and started the rumor. It was warm weather and the clothes she wore to work were a bit skimpy but Mike enjoyed her innocent teasing and none of the customers seemed to mind. She always wore a dress or a skirt. She told him she had gym class the last period and always showered and changed into her work clothes, then put on her heels and makeup in the car. Soon Jenny began to really tease Mike. She seemed to always be dropping something right in front of him, and then bending over to pick it up giving him a good view of her cute little butt. And he noticed that she usually wore a sexy garter belt and stockings and nylon panties. She would get very close to him when they were alone in the shop, letting her body touch his. She never wore a bra and sometimes her tiny nipples would get hard and show through her top. This turned Mike on very much. And after a couple of weeks he began to notice something else too. She always drank lots of bottled water when she was working but he rarely saw her go to the bathroom, and by the end of they day she would usually be quite fidgety. She would often drink nearly 2 liters of water during the 3 hours she worked and Mike knew that her bladder had to be quite full by closing time, but she would still sometimes not pee before she went home. Mike was amazed that such a little girl could hold so much for so long. Sometimes he would see her squirming and crossing her legs while waiting on a customer near the end of the day, and a few times he saw Jenny put her hand under her skirt and rub her pussy for a few seconds when she thought no one was looking. All this turned him on a lot. He was sure she was holding it on purpose because it excited her.
One day when it was almost time to close and the store was empty, Jenny was really squirming a lot while she was cleaning the showcases.
"Are you OK, Jenny? You seem really nervous and fidgety."
"Yes Sir – I just have to go to the bathroom really bad right now."
"Well honey, you can go pee anytime. I don't expect you to never take a break when you work. You drink water all the time but I rarely ever see you go pee."
"Yes Sir I know, but I just get so busy working I put if off as long as I can."
Mike did not buy that story at all – he knew that being desperate was turning on this hot little tease.
"Well Jenny, it looks like you better go pee now or you might have an accident, and I don't want pee stains on my carpet."
"Yes Sir, maybe I should go – I am about to burst right now."
Jenny headed to the back room where the single small employee rest room was. After she was out of sight Mike quietly went to the back room too. She had left the door open just a little and he stood just outside the door and listened. He was tempted to peek in but was afraid she would see him. She did not start pissing right away, but he heard her moaning softly – Ooooh, ooooh, ahhhh, ahhhh.
This went on for maybe half a minute and then he heard her stream splashing loudly in the toilet. He rubbed his cock through his pants as she kept on and on pissing. Her stream began to die down a little and then started up again, as loud as before. For over a minute before she finally stopped. He could not believe this tiny girl had that much piss in her. And listening to her huge piss had got him so horny he nearly cum in his pants. He went back up to the front of the store and waited for her to come out.
"Do you feel better now Jenny?"
"Oh yes Sir I sure do, I had to go real bad."
"OK sweetie, I will see you tomorrow. Drive safely going home."
"OK Sir."
Then as she was leaving Mike noticed she now had the top two buttons on her blouse undone, he could almost see her tiny breasts. He said nothing about it to her.
Driving home Mike was so horny he had to take his cock out and stroke it. He wondered why she had unbuttoned her shirt in the bathroom and why it took her so long to start pissing when she was obviously bursting. And the way she was moaning before she pissed. Maybe she could not get the stream going – or just maybe she was feeling her little titties and playing with her clit, and having an orgasm before she pissed. Mike decided he had to find out more about his new employee. A few days later when it was slow he began to talk to her, they had become good friends by now and he felt she trusted him.
"Do you have a boyfriend, Jenny?"
"No Sir, not really – but I like lots of boys."
He then teased her – "have any of them kissed you yet?"
Jenny then gave him a naughty smile and said – "Oh yeah, I have done LOTS more than just kissing."
Mike wanted to find out more but just then someone came in and they did not have any more time to talk that day. But after that day he began to see another side of Jenny. Her skirts and dresses were a little shorter and tighter and her shirts were more revealing. Some were basically see–thru and Mike could see her little pink nipples. Jenny continued to be very professional with the customers but a real tease when she and Mike were in the store alone. And his sales had increased a lot – double what he had been doing before. Word had gotten around there was a hot girl working there and males of all ages were coming in to check her out, and some females too. And many of them were spending money. And Jenny was still playing her hold–it game, only now she was not shy about letting Mike know when she was bursting. He would watch her squirm as she waited on customers, then when they had a moment alone she would say – Damn, I gotta piss. The way she talked dirty really turned him on. And she had stopped wearing panties too. When she bent over Mike saw that she did not shave her pussy and had a nice little bush.
One day the store was busy all afternoon. Mike had not even had time to take a piss and was bursting by the time the last customer left and he had seen Jenny squirming a lot too. He locked the door and headed back to the bathroom to finally drain his aching bladder. He pulled his cock out and a torrent poured out as he enjoyed the relief. A few seconds later Jenny pushed the door open.
"Oh Mr. Thompson, I am sorry, I did not know you were in here."
Mike knew that was a lie – she had seen him go to the back. But– she did not close the door, she stood watching him. Her slim legs were tightly crossed and it was obvious she was desperate to pee too. Then she spread her legs a little and Mike felt his cock start to harden as she slowly slid her hand up her thigh and under her skirt. She began to rub her clit and this made Mike's cock rock hard but he was still pissing a flood.
"You have a nice cock, Mr. Thompson – did I make it get hard?"
"Yes you did Jenny."
She pulled her skirt up to expose her pussy as she kept playing with her clit.
"I gotta piss real bad too, Mr. Thompson."
"Yes I know, sweetie."
Finally Mike was empty and he said to Jenny – "your turn."
She did not sit on the toilet – she turned around and stood over it facing him. She put one hand up under her shirt and began rubbing her nipples as she fingered herself with the other hand. Soon she started moaning and her young body began to shudder with an intense orgasm. Mike still had his cock out and was stroking it as he watched her. After she cum she began to gush a huge stream. Mike kept stroking his hard cock and soon he shot his cum watching the river of piss pour from her. When she was done she sighed loudly and said – That felt so fucking good. Although he had just cum Mike was still hard and horny. He wanted Jenny right then. He came over to her and began to kiss her as he reached down to feel her wet pussy. She responded for a few seconds and then said she needed to get home and do her homework. But before they left the bathroom she gave him a sexy smile as she felt his cock for a few seconds.
After that day her cock teasing continued and it drove Mike nuts. Jenny would sometimes pull up her skirt and flash her pussy to him, She would come up behind him and reach around and playfully rub his cock through his pants for a few seconds when no one was looking. When he was working at his desk in his office she would pull her shirt up and let him lick her nipples and finger her pussy, but only for a few seconds and then she would stop. And she never closed the bathroom door when she pissed. But she would not go any farther than teasing him and letting him touch her a little. The sexual frustration was driving Mike crazy. He wanted her so bad he could not stand it much longer. He even thought about firing her but his business was so good now because of her. Something had to give soon. He wondered if maybe she was still a virgin and needed to know before he pushed her a little harder for sex. He decided to find out just what she was all about. The following Saturday when Jenny came in her told her that he wanted to discuss something with her at the end of the day when they closed.
All afternoon Jenny wondered what he wanted to talk to her about – she knew she was doing a good job and she had been teasing him a lot, but he did not seem to mind. In fact she had every intention of letting him have her eventually but she knew that she had power there now because his sales had increased so much. She was young, but she was smart. He had already given her a small raise but she was going to ask for even more money soon. And she was sure she would get it. She felt she could get just about anything from Mr. Thompson she wanted. He was making lots of money and he wanted her hot little body – no way was he going to fire her no matter what she did. She wanted him too – she had seen his nice cock, but she wanted to play her tease game a little while longer until she got the raise she wanted so she could buy a new car.
At the end of the day Mike locked the front door and asked Jenny to come back in his office. She was bursting to piss as usual but decided to hold it in case he wanted to play around a little.
"How long have you been working for me, Jenny?"
"Three months, Sir."
"Well I am very pleased with your work and my sales have gone up a lot. All my customers like you and you are always very polite and professional with them."
"Thank you Sir – but is there something else wrong?"
"No, not really Jenny, I am just curious about the way you act when we are alone. You know you are teasing the hell out of me and I don't know how much longer I can take it."
"But I thought you liked the way we play around Mr. Thompson – it makes working lots more fun."
"Oh it sure does sweetie but there are a few things I need to know about you."
"Like what, Mr. Thompson?"
He decided to get right to the point. "Have you ever had sex before Jenny? I mean real sex with a cock inside you."
"Yes, Sir."
"Who have you had sex with?"
"A few boys, and a few older men too– and a couple of girls too."
"What all have you experienced Jenny?"
"Everything. One man showed me all about bondage and dominance and submission stuff, even pissing fun. Sometimes he would punish me by tying me up or putting me in handcuffs and making me stay a long time while people licked me and fucked me. And he would not even let me go pee and a few times I could not hold it. And if I pissed he would spank me."
"Who were the people Jenny?"
"His wife and some of their friends. One was a black guy with a really big cock. It hurt a little at first but then it felt good."
Mike began to get very turned on by what little Jenny was telling him. His cock was making a tent in his pants and his bladder was very full. All this sex talk was exciting Jenny too and she was squirming in her chair with her bladder about to bust.
"So did you enjoy all of it, Jenny, did it excite you?"
"Yes Sir – a lot."
"What turned you on the most?"
"I really liked it when he would get a little rough with me – not hurt me or anything, just be real dominant and force me to do things."
"So you like being submissive then?"
"Yes Sir."
Mike then realized that all along Jenny had actually wanted him to dominate her sexually. She was far more experienced than he had ever imagined. So now it was time for a little punishment for all the teasing she had been doing. It was time to give her a taste of her own medicine.
"Stand up" – he said sternly.
"Yes Sir," she replied like a true submissive.
"Spread your legs," he ordered.
Jenny spread her legs as much as her tight skirt would allow. Mike reached out and began to tease her clit. By now Jenny had to piss so badly that she was shaking.
"Do you have to piss Jenny?"
"Yes Sir, really bad."
"You like holding it in don't you? It turns you on."
"Yes Sir it does – a lot." 
Jenny was a totally different girl now, not the aggressive tease like before but a humble submissive awaiting her Master's instructions. Mike pulled his raging hard cock out of his pants.
"Get on your knees and suck me."
"Yes Sir."
She stroked the base of his cock as she sucked the head; just the way Mike liked it. She had been taught very well. Soon Mike felt his orgasm building and he pulled it out of her mouth and shot his cum on her face. While she was sucking him Jenny had fingered herself and cum too. Now she had to piss, she could not hold it any longer.
"Stand up" – Mike ordered.
Jenny stood up and was holding herself with her legs tightly crossed.
"I can't hold it Sir, it is about to come out."
Mike slid his trashcan over in front of her. "Piss in this."
As soon as Jenny spread her slim legs a torrent of piss poured from her in the trashcan. Steve stroked his cock as he watched her and by the time she was finally drained he was hard again.
"OK, now get on your knees and lick my cock and balls while I piss."
Jenny obediently licked him as Mike's cock gushed piss. Then she blew his mind when she stuck her tongue out and tasted it. Yes she was a very kinky little slut. But now Mike had the upper hand. No more teasing from Jenny, she was his now for the taking– but not yet. He would make her wait in frustration as she had done to him.
"See you Monday Jenny."
"Yes Sir, Mr. Thompson."
Things were now different at the store between Mike and Jenny. No more of her teasing and aggressive flirting with him. She was now very submissive. Now it was Mike who was doing the teasing. He would fondle her body whenever he felt like it and she was expected to drop to her knees and suck him on command. She now had to request permission to piss and Mike would often make her wait until she was very desperate just for his pleasure. Sometimes after they closed he would take her to the office and lick her or finger her until she was on the verge of cumming and then stop. He would not allow her to have an orgasm – and he never put his cock in her. She had tortured him for weeks and now it was her turn to experience the sexual frustration.
One day Mike noticed a pendant missing from the case. He knew he had not sold it and when he asked Jenny she said she did not sell it either. It was a very unique design and the only one they had in stock. Mike wondered if maybe a customer had shoplifted it. It was not a real expensive item and he did not worry about it too much. About a week later they had a very busy Saturday. About halfway through the afternoon Mike noticed that Jenny was wearing a different chain. She had always worn a plain gold herringbone neck chain but this one was a rope chain and was longer. It extended down under her shirt. At one point she bent over and Mike saw that she was wearing the missing pendant. But they were really busy and he could not deal with it until the end of the day. As the afternoon went on he kept wondering about why she may have stolen it – and then why she would have been dumb enough to wear it back in the store? She had money; she did not have to steal it. And why did she try to hide it by tucking it down in her shirt. Something was up. And by the end of the day Mike had figured it out. She wanted to get caught. She knew he would not fire her – but he WOULD punish her. And that was just what they both wanted – it was time for the teasing game to end.
They finally got all the customers out and Mike locked the door. Neither of them had had any time to piss all day and they were both about to burst.
"Come in my office Jenny, I want to talk to you."
"May I piss first Sir, I gotta go really bad."
"NO" – Mike said sternly. "In my office – NOW!"
He sat in his chair and Jenny stood in front of him squirming.
"Is something wrong Sir?"
"Take off your clothes," Mike ordered.
Jenny stripped and stood half bending over with her knees together. She had to piss bad – real bad.
Mike reached out and touched the pendant around her neck but said nothing. Their eyes met and they both knew what this was all about. He walked around behind her and grabbed her by the hair, pulling her head back. He reached around to feel her small breasts as he kissed her on the neck. She could feel his hard cock against her ass. He pinched her nipples and she nearly pissed from the slight pain. Mike moved his hand down to her tummy and pushed on her bursting bladder. Jenny moaned and felt a trickle of piss run down her leg. Mike felt her wet pussy and whispered in her ear – "Don't you dare piss yet, girl."
He then told her to bend over and put her hands on his desk. He began to spank her hard. He knew she liked it rough and he was going to give it to her rough. She had to be punished for all her little teasing games and then stealing from him. He would teach her a lesson she would never forget. Each stinging blow from his hand on her little butt made Jenny wince in pain and it took all her strength to keep from pissing on the floor. But she loved it and Mike knew it. Finally after about 20 hard smacks Mike reached between her legs. Her pussy was dripping. He licked his finger and it was not piss but sweet pussy juice. Jenny's ass was red and she was trembling.
Mike grabbed her hair and pulled down, forcing her to the floor on her hands and knees. She gave him a look of lust like he had never seen before. She wanted this as bad as he did. He dropped his pants and Jenny did not have to be told what to do. She took nearly all of his hard cock in her mouth and sucked him slow and deep as she played with her clit. Mike stood it for as long as he could then knelt behind her. He slid two fingers in her wet pussy, then three. Jenny was very wet but she was also very tight. The pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable and she felt the orgasm of her life coming. But Mike would not let her cum just yet. He pulled his fingers out and then slid the head of his cock in her. He had never felt a pussy so tight before. He knew he could cum very quickly but he tortured her even more. Slowly sliding his cock in just a little then pulling it out, then in again a little deeper, then out again. This was driving Jenny crazy with lust. She wanted to cum and piss so badly that she could hardly stand it.
"Turn over"– Mike said.
Jenny rolled over and began to tease him. Now she was back to her old ways, no longer the little subbie girl.
"Do you like my pussy Mike?"
"That is SIR to you – you little slut!"
"Ah fuck you Mike, I can call you anything I want right now because you are just a horny fucker who wants my young pussy."
Mike knew her game well enough by now. She just wanted to push him even farther, even rougher, and kinkier. Jenny felt her swollen bladder.
"Damn! I gotta piss sooooo fucking bad."
"Not until I am done with you, you little cock–teasing slut."
Mike began to finger her again and then started licking her pussy. Jenny started to squirm a lot and then Mike felt a hard spurt of piss in his face. This turned him on tremendously but he pretended to be mad as hell.
"OK, that's it you little bitch, now you are gonna get what you have had coming for months."
Suddenly Mike felt a spasm from his bursting bladder and grabbed his cock.
Jenny just kept on taunting him.
"What's wrong Mike – you gotta piss too? You want my pussy bad, don't you Mike? You just want to come deep inside me so bad you can't stand it. Well I'm not gonna let you – you can't have it."
"Oh yes I will, little girl."
Mike knew from the look on her face what she wanted. The game had moved to a higher level and he was going to give it to her. He grabbed her by the wrist with one hand as he used the other to pull his belt from his pants, which were lying on the floor. Jenny began to struggle.
"What are you doing? NO, please NO."
"Shut up or I will whip you with this belt."
Jenny put up a good fight but she was no match for him and he easily got her hands behind her and bound her wrists with the belt. She lay on the floor squirming.
"Oh please Sir, I promise I won't steal anything else – let me go please. Please –I gotta piss!!!"
Jenny had her legs tight together but Mike pushed them apart. She kept on trying to resist him – all part of the game. He jammed his hand between her legs and stuck two fingers in her pussy, as he pressed hard on her tummy. He felt another spurt of piss on his hand. Mike stuck his cock in her mouth, forcing her to suck him. With her hands bound behind her Jenny was defenseless. Finally Mike could take it no more. He spread her legs wide and rammed his hard aching cock in her. Not slow and teasing as he did earlier, this time he fucked her hard, deep and fast. Jenny screamed from the pressure of his cock pounding on her bursting bladder and she felt like her whole body was going to explode as he kept on ramming deep into her pussy. Then she felt a tidal wave spreading over her body – an enormous wave of liquid pleasure that could not be stopped. She began to shudder as she felt everything bursting at once. Her tiny body began to shake with the most intense orgasm she had ever felt and seconds later her bladder exploded too. For what seemed like forever wave after wave of orgasm came as the piss kept gushing from her. Then she felt Mike's hot cum pumping in her as he kept on pounding her. He filled her pussy with so much cum it was leaking out her. Then he stood up and looked down at little Jenny lying bound in a pool of piss, her body still recovering from the most awesome orgasm of her life.
"Well I hope you have learned your lesson Jenny. Stealing will not be tolerated in my store."
"Yes Sir I have, I promise it won't happen again, Sir."
"Good."
Then Jenny stuck her tongue out at him and said – "Oh by the way Mike – Fuck you."
Mike just smiled. This game was far from over yet. It had just started. He pointed his cock at her and let go, flooding her body with piss. After he was drained he told Jenny to call home and tell her Mom him she needed to help Mike with doing inventory and would be home in a few hours. Mike then took Jenny to his house and they both cleaned up and then had a long discussion about D/s relationships. And before she left he again touched the pendant around her neck.
"This is your collar now, my little one. You are mine."
Jenny knew exactly what he meant.
By: Steve