Groping Sophia Part 2: The Date
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

After the deliciously sexy encounter I had with Sophia in the cupboard at work, we exchanged our phone numbers, but rarely contacted each other outside work. Now, at almost every waking moment, I keep thinking about her.

At work, I would plan my movements so they could mean walking past her desk at regular intervals. At weekends, while I was out shopping, at the launderette washing my clothes, or even going out with fellow colleagues or friends, I would remind myself of that incident and wonder how I would get the chance to go out with her again. At night, before I went to bed, I would fantasize about her needing to wee while masturbating. I wanted to see her in private again so badly.

After doing some initial research, I found out that Sophia didn’t have a boyfriend, so one morning at work, I decided to pluck up some much-needed courage, and ask her out. As I approached her desk, I began to sweat and my mouth became dry.

“Hi, Sophia,” I said.

“Hey, what’s up?” Sophia asked.

“Is there any chance we can go out on Saturday, maybe go to the cinema, watch a show, or have a meal, and if we’re in the mood, something more?”

“I don’t know if I’ve got something in my diary- stuff it, the answer’s yes.”

“Okay then, I’ll pick you up around 7.30-8 O’Clock?”

“You’re on,” Sophia replied. I then made my way to the toilet, where I said to myself, “Yes!” while making a triumphant punch in the air.

Everything else went out of the window for the rest of the week as I made preparations for Saturday night. The plan was we were going to see a movie at the cinema, then go back to my place for a meal, no frills. When I saw Sophia, she looked gorgeous. Her long, shiny brown hair flowed freely, and she was wearing a plain yellow t-shirt with white jeans and a pair of trainers.

“You’re looking nice tonight,” I said, paying her a compliment.

“You don’t look too bad yourself,” she replied. The movie had already started, so we went inside and quickly settled down to watch.

Twenty minutes into the movie, I looked over to notice that Sophia was beginning to fidget a little in her seat. I didn’t think anything of it at first, but throughout the movie, she was continuing to shift around on her seat. I couldn’t concentrate on watching the movie while I can look at this sexy brunette sitting next to me. Moments later, she had put one hand in her crotch and crossed her legs…. it was at that point that I realised that she needed to wee badly.

My penis started to stir while seeing Sophia in her predicament. If she needed to wee, why didn’t she just leave the cinema and used the toilets outside, which were only 50 metres away? Sophia continued to fidget with one hand inbetween her legs and moaning silently. I slowly slid one hand to one of her legs and started to stroke it. Sophia then took out her free hand and placed it on my trousers, feeling my now erect penis through the material. She then looked at me and said softly, “I need to wee again, but if it’s alright with you, I’ll try to hold it until the end of the movie.” When I heard that, it got me excited. We spent the rest of the movie sensually stroking each other. We had to compose ourselves when the movie ended. Sophia was still struggling to hold back her wee. Before we left the cinema, I asked her if she needed to use the toilet, but she declined.

“Let’s go back to my place so we can have some fun,” she said. Now that was an offer I couldn’t refuse.

After what seemed an eternity, we eventually got to Sophia’s flat, and she stood in the hallway, now bending double with both hands inbetween her legs.

“What do you want me to do now?” she asked, softly.

“I want you to wait just a little while longer,” I replied.

As I watched her become more desperate, I shoved one hand inside my trousers to grab my now stiffer penis and rubbed it for a few moments. This was beginning to excite me even more. I approached Sophia and started to stroke her body through the material of the t-shirt, then pushed one hand it and groped one of her breasts. I then put my face up to hers to give her a loving peck on the cheek.

“Let’s go to the bathroom,” I said, and Sophia grabbed my hand and led me up the stairs.

As we entered the bathroom, we started to kiss each other. I asked Sophia to unzip her jeans and pull them down slightly. She did so, and within moments, she slid one hand inside her knickers, which became soaked with her juices. I then slipped two fingers under her knickers and pushed them inside her pussy. That made her squeal, so much so, that she released a small jet of wee which dampened the inside crotch of her jeans. I kept pushing my fingers in and out of her until she was squealing with pleasure, but I wasn’t finished yet.

I immediately ripped off my clothes so I was only in my underpants, then I took Sophia’s t-shirt off to see her lovely bra and part-exposed cleavage. Her breathing became heavier and heavier now, as I finally pulled my penis from my underpants. I asked her to turn her back towards me and bend over. I pulled the gusset of her knickers aside to push my penis right up inside her. That made her squeal again, and let out another small jet of wee.

I knew that it may not be long before Sophia loses control entirely, so I started pumping inside her as quickly as I could. The combination of her desperation with my pumping led her to start moaning and screaming with delight.

“Harder! Harder!” Sophia screamed, getting so worked up.

While I was pumping away, she kept leaking jets of wee which continued to dampen both my penis and her white jeans under her. Then, all of a sudden, she squeezed her legs shut and her body was about to stiffen.

“Ohhhhh, I’m coming, I’m coming!” she shouted.

I felt at that point that she was going to come massively, so I continued to pump her until I too felt I was going to come. Sophia suddenly yanked my penis out of her pussy and pulled up her jeans, fastening her zip and top button. She then stood with her legs slightly parted and started to wet herself. She breathed a sigh of relief as she felt the warm urine drench her inner thighs and flowed down her legs. My eyes stared at the liquid soaking of the material. I masturbated furiously, finally coming, and shooting loads of semen over Sophia’s wet jeans. I then went over to slide my hand down to slowly feel her wet crotch…. that felt good.

After a few minutes, we began to compose ourselves, and looked down at the mess Sophia made on the bathroom floor.

“Awww… that was great… I needed that,” said a very relieved Sophia. “This is the best date I’ve ever had.”

“I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” I replied.

Next, we went over to Sophia’s bedroom, where we spent the rest of the great night having more sex. I eventually left her flat at around two on Sunday afternoon. This was indeed the best date I ever had…. and it was with the young woman I fancied.

