My name is Anna and I have been into watersports for a while. I love filling my bladder to capacity and seeing how long I can hold it at home. Anything in public however is off limits, I am much too self–conscious to ever try it outside, and always go to the bathroom before any emergency arises. This day however was different. On the way back from class I stopped for gas and bought myself a large cappuccino, getting ready for a long afternoon of studying for midterms before going out with friends that night. As I sat down to study, I quickly downed the drink, hoping for a burst of energy, as I had gotten very little sleep the past week. A few minutes after I had finished the cappuccino, I casually glanced up to the refrigerator when I saw a reminder I had written to myself of a 4:30 dentist appointment. I had already canceled once and didn't want to do it again, so I grabbed the first clean pair of pants I saw, a pair of old white jeans which no longer really fit, as I was just in some old gym shorts and a tank top. I raced out the door, knowing I had 20 minutes to make a 30 minute drive to the dentist's office.As I sat down in the car I could feel the tight pants hugging firmly against me, and could feel a twinge that my bladder was beginning to fill. Fifteen minutes later I was starting to panic. My bladder had rapidly filled and I had one hand planted firmly against my peehole. I wanted to pull over badly, but didn't want to miss my appointment and have to wait an hour until the next opening. I finally got there at 4:28 and raced in, asking the lady at the front where the bathroom was. She told me I would have to go across the street to the grocery store, as this was a small office with only one bathroom, for staff only. I was about to race across when I heard, "Anna, come on back" and the hand of the assistant on my shoulder guiding me back. As I sat on the chair, I told her I had to use the bathroom and asked if I could run across the street quickly. She told me all they had to do was a routine check–up and I would be out in ten minutes. With some of the pressure released from sitting down, I told myself "Anna, this is ridiculous, you're in college and can hold it for ten minutes." The dentist came in and talked to me for a minute. I felt ok, as my legs were crossed and the pain had decreased. Then he said, "alright Anna, let's take a look," and tilted the chair back. As the chair tilted back, all the pressure came roaring back like a freight train to my bladder, and I was no longer able to cross my legs. I was in complete panic, and with the cleaning now underway, I had know choice but to sit through the torture. My thighs were bobbing up and down in unison, and I was wringing my hands together constantly, all in an effort to hold back what desperately wanted to come out. More than anything I wanted to give my pussy a quick squeeze, but knew I couldn't with everyone standing around me. Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse, they rested a tray of utensils directly on my bladder. The added wait on my bladder caused me to momentarily lose control, and a four second torrent flooded the back of my pants and halfway to the knee of my right leg. No one noticed however, and I was forced to lay in a puddle of urine–soaked pants. I was sure the seat was wet too, but if I could get out of there with no more accidents I would be happy. It didn't happen. As they continued to work, one of the assistants leaned across the chair and half slipped, putting her hand on my bladder. That's when I leaped up to a sitting position, and placed both hands on my pussy, desperate to stop the torrent I could feel coming, tears rolling down my face. It was too late. With legs firmly crossed and both hands in my crotch, the torrent came out anyway, flooding my pants and the dentist's seat. I had never been so embarrassed in my life. The worst part though was the cleaning paste was still on my teeth, so I was forced to lay back down in the chair, soaked with urine, so they could take it off. The urine trickled down and soaked the back of my shirt, and as I finally walked out, I heard a little boy in the waiting room yell out, "she pissed her pants" and everyone was staring. I ran out and drove home, totally distraught but highly aroused too, and I fingered myself to orgasm on the way home.
Anna