The Little Devil In Me
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I had to do some evening overtime at my job because five foreign customers were on a trip to visit us to discuss some projects where my company was involved, and so the meeting was set later than usual.

I was the only one in the building and had to wait for them to turn up and then host the meeting. I felt that I had to pee and was close to deciding to hang on, but as I've mentioned before, I have had some near misses playing that game at work, so I decided to keep it professional. I walked to the toilets to relieve myself before the visitors arrived.

Our building consists of two section, an old one, it's the main section and a later built section with the conference rooms in it. The old and new buildings are connected by a single door, and on reaching it, I found it locked. Since the only lavatories were in the main (old) building, I started to panic a bit.

Yes, I thought to myself, it is late and the house service has instructions to lock every door after work, but I really was not sure that I would be able to control my bladder until the meeting was over. Given that my need to pee was already quite strong, I doubted it. Again, the temptation to try holding it was there, but I had promised myself I wouldn't do this at work any more.

I made myself calm down and tried to think clearly about my situation. I decided to find out if one of my keys would unlock the door. I tried the main entrance key and that failed, but then, to my surprise, the second key, the one to the archive, worked. I don't know why the keys were cut the same, but I didn't really care. I was grateful that they were as I hurried to the toilet.

On my way back to the new building and the conference room, the devil in me told me to lock the door again, just in case any of our customers would need to use the loo later. For me there was no risk. The doors are usually open when they are still people in the building, but maybe the janitor staff didn't know there was to be a meeting this evening and that was why they had locked it. No one could expect me to know that my archive key would unlock the connecting door, so if my boss got to hear of anything happening, he would have no reason to think that I did arranged it on purpose.

The clients arrived soon after this and I welcomed them cordially, then led them through the building to the conference room. From the entrance area, one cannot see the door leading to the other building, and I recognized that one of them, a nice Italian woman of perhaps 35 years of age, dressed in a smart business suit, glanced around as if looking for a sign which said Ladies. It occurred to me that she she might need a loo, but she didn't say anything and I did not suggest it.

As the meeting got underway, I kept a casual eye on the Italian client (I'll call her Carla to make writing easier). She didn't give any indication that she was uncomfortable, so I assumed that I had been mistaken. I still watched her from time to time. It helped to make the meeting more interesting; it was this kind of conference that everybody hates because no important decisions could be made since none of the bosses were present. We were simply charged with the task of exchanging thoughts on marketing, the kind of stuff that's obvious to everyone anyway.

After an hour Carla asked me where the toilets were. So, she did need to go. I gave her directions and she excused herself from the meeting. After she had left the room, I could hardly concentrate on the conversation, and waited with mounting excitement for her return. After a few minutes, she re-entered the room and sat down, seemingly at ease. I wondered if she had gone outside the building to pee, or had she spent the time searching for another way to the loo?

I watched her discretly and observed that she was a bit fidgety. I was fairly sure she still needed to go, and that it was getting bad for her. It had to have been serious for her to step out of the meeting since no-one does that usually. I hoped that I was right and that the situation was going to develop into something interesting.

I glanced at her frequently, and noticed that she was crossing and uncrossing her legs from time to time. At one point, she had to stand up to show something on the board, and that was when her situation becamse very obvious to me. She was clearly having problems standing still, and kept tapping from foot to foot. When she wasn't tapping, she stood with her legs crossed legs as she pointed to items on the board. She had to bend forward to reach a more distant area on the board, and for this one would normaly take a step forward, but she stayed where she was with her legs crossed. I guessed that she was fighting a massive urge to pee at that moment and wasn't able to move her legs without the risk of losing control.

As more time passed, Carla really had problems maintaining her composure, at least to my eye. She did it quite well and I don't think the others noticed that she was in trouble. Of course, they did not know what I knew!

Carla finished her preentation at last and walked back to her place. She tried to walk normally, but I could see she wasn't relaxed. She pressed her fingers against her hip, pushing hard, and when she sat down she did it very carfully. It was apparent to me too that her skirt was now really tight-fitting.

Half an hour later the meeting was over and we decided to repair to a local bar. We left the room and everyone went to the carpark, except for Carla. She hung back as the others left, then came over to me. "Um, Mrs. Smith," she began, her voice a little strained. "I tried the door you told me to use to reach the toilets, but it was locked. Please would you unlock it now." I acted all innocent and said that that door should be unlocked already. I walked with her to show her that I was correct.

On the way, I I said:" I hope it didn't cause you any problems? Normally, the connecting door is never locked when people are still inside the building."

She had both hands folded across her stomach and tried her best not to dance around, but she couldn't cover her desperation anymore. "Not much" she pressed out.

I tried the door and naturally found it locked.

"Oh. Sorry" I said, " but I don't have a key for that door."

"Is there no other way into the building?"

I told her there wasn't; at least, no other door would be unlocked at this time of the day.

Carla let out a moan as she crossed her legs, trying to stop herself shaking. She looked very concerned now, and she knew that I could see that she really was bursting.

"We could drive to the bar right now," I suggested. "I don't have anything else to do here tonight, so we can leave right away."

She blushed a bit and said: "Look. I really waited a long time and my bladder is pretty full now. I really have to go."

" Yes I believe you, but I don't have the key. We are only about twenty minutes from the pub. Can you wait until then?"

She moaned: " OK, but let's hurry."

We walked to the main door, and Carla suddenly she stopped and said:" I'm sorry, but I really can't wait until then. Can't we call someone with a key?"

She started to walk up and down in front of me now and looked really frantic.

" I could call the service people, but I think they need about ten minutes before they will arrive. Come on," I urged again. "It really won't take more than twenty minutes to get there." I injected a little playfulness into my tone, teasing her a little bit.

"Please call them. Please. I can't wait much longer. I really need to use the bathroom."

"Of course," I agreed, and rang the number and told the man to come and open the connecting door. I knew he would be there quickly because he lived nearby, but I could hope that something would delay him for a little while.

Carla sat on a bench in the hall, only to find out that it didn't help her predicament. She quickly stood up again and began shifting her weight from foot to foot. She paced up and down, and I could see when she turned her back to me that she was surreptitiously pressing her hand against her crotch, at least as well as she could since she was wearing a tight skirt. When she turned back to face me, I could see that she had started sweating. Her steps were now very stiff, and a few times she stopped walking to cross her legs.

She tried again to drive down her pee dance because she was obviously feeling very humilated. I could see that her bladder had started to cramp because her whole body was trembling with the effort she made to keep control.

"I'm sorry," she said again, "but I REALLY have to pee."

I didn' know why she felt sorry for me!

Aloud, I said, "The service man will be here at any moment."

"Oh my God. I..., Oh my God!"

Carla bounced up and down and started pressing her hand onto her crotch more frequently. She no longer cared if I saw what she was doing; she was absolutly about to loose control.

Then I saw the service man arriving outside the main entrance. "Oh look," I told her. "Here comes your key."

"Hurry! Please hurry," Carla mumbled to herself.

The man entered and asked what the problem was. Carla again tried to stop her pee dance, but she was now beyond being able to do. She resumed holding herself now and turned away from the service man so that he would not see too clearly what she was doing.

Grasping the situation, the service man walked with us to the connecting door and unlocked it. We both walked through, and I thanked him for his trouble.

Carla was beside herself now. "Where is the toilet?" she gasped. "Oh, hurry! I can barely hold it now!"

Her last words were only mumbled, but I heard them.

"Follow me!" I said. "We have to go left there and on the second door. That's the toilet."

Carla tried her best to hurry but she couldn't take big steps anymore. In fact, she stopped suddenly in the corridor and turned on the spot with totally stiff legs. She was continuously holding herself now, and her skirt was lifted up at the front.

"Thank you," she said to me, "but I find the way on my own now." She obviously didn't want to suffer any more humiliation by having me witness what was about to happen. I smiled, my little devil taking possession of me again.

"I also need the toilet," I told her, and continued walking towards the ladies. Carla hoblled after me, her breaths loud and shaky. I felt a thrill of excitement at the sight of this absolutely professional buisness women in her thirties who was so close to peeing in her panties right in front of me.

As she reached the bathroom, Carla nearly jumped into the stall. Almost at once, I heard the pee gushing out of her with unbelievable force. There could not have been any time for her to pull her underwear down, she she almost certainly had to have peed through her panties.

After we both relieved ourselves ( it was not easy for me because I was nearly empty, but I had not done so Carla would have wondered why I followed her), we drove to the bar. On the way, I noticed that she was very desperate for the loo again. Maybe she had not let it all go back at the office toilet because someone else was with her, and her embarrassment made her stop short of emptying her bladder completely. Whatever the reason, she fidgeted in her seat like she was really desperate. This time, unfortunately, I could think of any way to delay her without making it obvious.

As we entered the bar and she directly headed into the restooms, I wondered if there might be a chance to work with her again in the future. I certainly hope so :-)

