Christmas Day Accident
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Emma got up early on Christmas morning. She got so excited that she couldn’t sleep. Even though she was in her thirties, she always got excited about the seasonal holiday. She got showered and dressed. After she had her breakfast, she went to prepare for the big Christmas dinner.

It would be a big occasion as her parents and her two brothers and two sisters were coming over with their children. Emma didn’t have a boyfriend, but was more than happy to baby sit for the siblings whenever necessary.

Soon, the guests start to arrive, and soon, the house, which was quieter earlier, became total mayhem with the children running around, the parents and siblings were talking, meanwhile Emma was preparing the dinner. She asks her sisters to help lay the plates, glasses, etc, on the dining table, while the brothers helped her with the food.

Emma needed to pee all day, but she kept putting it off… she had a strong bladder and often held it often on most days, so she ignored it. On this occasion however, she drank two large glasses of orange juice whilst she was preparing the dinner. By the time the food was laid out on the table, she was bursting. She had moved around a lot and did not make the time to go to the toilet. She knew she could nor hold herself when everybody else was around.

Soon, everyone was gathered around the big dining table, looking at the marvellous food…. the turkey looked massive. Emma was not thinking about the food at all because she needed to go to the toilet since she got up that morning, but didn’t nip away to do so. She was now at bursting point and what made it worse was when her parents asked her to say the grace. She had one reasonably prepared weeks ago and now she was fidgeting rather wildly. She could not read the text properly and kept making mistakes.

Suddenly, she stopped reading and looked down at the cream-coloured trousers she was wearing…. a wet spot had appeared in the crotch area, then it got bigger and bigger. Her mother, who had been standing next to her at some point, realised what she was wetting herself, and quickly whisked her away to the bathroom.

After Emma finished wetting, she began to cry, and her mother put a sympathetic arm around her, saying it was alright. After half an hour, she got changed and rejoined the rest of the family at the dinner table, and neither her mother nor she mentioned the accident again.

