A Vacation Trip Ends With A Bursting Bladder
	(41-45 year old man)
Posted by sarah90 on August 4th, 2010 at 10:49AM

My husband, young daughter, and I had two wonderful weeks on Oahu in the Hawaiian Islands. We stayed at a plush hotel on Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. We toured the island and went to north shore beaches to enjoy the sun and the crystal clear water. The last day we got up at 7 in the morning to finish packing. We all took a morning piss, unnecessary but a tradition. We had breakfast in the room. Then we went down stairs to check out and to get a taxi to take us to the airport to go home to Chicago where we live. The taxi drive took about a half hour. It took another hour to get through customs having our luggage opened to see if we were carrying any Hawaiian fruit or flowers. Then there was security. It was about 10 a.m. We all don't like to pee in a public toilet. Anyway none of us needed to go. We all have had bladder discipline. We boarded the plane about 11:30 a.m.and took off about noon. It would be a 8 hour trip to Chicago. 

We were in economy in the back of the plane. We had seats in the wide center with two people on one side and two on the other. It would be difficult to get up. Anyway my daughter could not pee in an airline bathroom. She just is a bit pee shy. My husband and I can hold for a long time. We usually don't pee more than two times a day.

By the time we got to Chicago it was 13 hours since any of us had emptied our bladders. We were all uncomfortable. My adolescent daughter said an hour before we landed that she needed to pee very badly. But she would never use an airplane bathroom.The bathrooms at the Chicago airport were very clean. My husband hurried to the men's room and my daughter and I went to the ladies room. There was only one stall open. So my daughter and I went there together. She was bursting. So was I. She sat down on the toilet. Her pee shyness clicked in. She couldn't go. I told her just close your eyes, count from 100 backwards, and relax. A few minutes went by. She began to pee. I thought she would never stop. 

Meanwhile in the next stall there was a woman who started peeing about the same time. She saw us go in a minute before her stall was available. She too was on the plane. So she started to talk to us as my daughter peed and peed. She said that she noticed us on the flight. Like her we did not get up to use the bathroom. She said she was ready to explode. But she hated confined places. So she never would try to pee in a bathroom on a plane no matter how full her bladder was. She asked if that was our daughter peeing. She was I told her. It had been three minutes and she still hadn't stopped. Finally she did. The woman in the next stall was still going. I finally got my turn.

My bladder was aching. It was full to capacity. I had been holding tight half way through the flight. So it took a few minutes to go. I also peed for 4 minutes. Meanwhile the woman in the next stall was still going. My daughter, who is a very outspoken adolescent, said to the woman that she must to have to pee really badly. "You have been going the same time my mother and I did and you are still peeing. She answered that she hadn't gone since 6 a.m.that morning--14 hours. She said that her bladder is so big that she only pees between 18 hours and 24 hours--once a day. But the two large cokes on the plane filled her earlier that day before the plane landed. My mother and I went out of our stall and washed up and fixed our hair. She was still going but beginning to stop--nearly 10 minutes altogether.

Mega bladder persons are really lucky. My daughter never pees at school. I never pee at work and never does my husband. He was waiting at the door of the ladies room. He asked: "What took you so long, I finished in about three minutes." My daughter spoke up. "Dad, you should have heard the woman in the next stall. She peed for 10 minutes! She only goes once a day. She must have been an 'all day girl' in high school." Dad answered:"Aren't we all."

