My girlfriend Mary has always been interested in pee play. We've done all the usual stuff and I was looking for a new way to spice up the action. One day we got a package in the mail that had freezer gel packs to keep the contents cold. I looked at those gel packs and looked at Mary. I told her the gel packs would be part of our next bladder control scene. She got a terrified look on her face because she knew exactly what I had in mind.
That night we went to the local tavern for dinner and a few brews. I told Mary not to pee because I wanted to feel her swollen and hard bladder before we made love. She does this often and it turns us both on. We had 3 or 4 beers that night. She had no problem avoiding the toilet and we headed home.
Tonight, I planned a chilling experience for her. When we got back from the bar, Mary said she really had to pee. I told her that tonight would be more intense than most nights. I told her to get undressed, and put on a robe. I went to the kitchen to get a kicker...
I came back with a large glass of ice water and 2 shot glasses filled with vodka. I told Mary she could drink the 3 glasses in any order. She downed the water (12 ounces) and looked at me with an evil smile. She said to get her 2 more shot glasses of vodka! When I got back, she said, "watch this," and did 4 shots in a row.
Mary said that the vodka was making her dizzy and causing the beer and water to flood into her bladder. I felt her stomach and it was firm. I told her that we needed to watch the TV for a while to give the vodka more time to work. After 15 minutes, she begged to lie down. She said she was ready to let me feel her swollen bladder from the outside and the inside. I told her to lie on the bed on some towels.
I went to the freezer and retrieved the frozen gel pack. It is about 12 inches square and the perfect size to refrigerate her bladder!!
I went to the bedroom. Normally Mary has no problem holding her urine. Tonight I knew it would be different. She looked at the gel pack and told me that there was no way she could hold her urine if I put that on her. Well, that's all the encouragement I needed. I slipped the gel pack into a pillowcase. I put this on her swollen bladder and covered it with a towel.
I started a timer and began to rub Mary's breasts. I thought she would hold out for several minutes, enjoying the stimulation. However, in 1 minute she yelled, "I can't do it," and started to flood the bed. I had a hard on the size of Cleveland and jumped on her leaking pussy. She came immediately. The pressure of my body on her caused more urine to flow. She had several more orgasms, squirting pee the whole time.
It sure messed up the bed, but we decided it was worth doing again another evening!!!!!
By: Holdmore