Title: The Carnival
	Entry to: Month 24
By: Frodo

I had only known Celia for two weeks, but the way she made my heart pound and my cock hard, I decided that she was The One. Slender with long, dark hair and enormous brown eyes, she was lively and full of fun. Tonight she wanted to see the Fourth of July carnival and go on all the rides at least once. I took quite a while selecting my wardrobe for the evening. I wanted to look sexy but not flamboyant and to show off my physical attributes. I wanted Celia to be proud of me as her escort.

Suddenly it was time to pick her up. I didn't want to make any mistakes tonight, like being late. As I was threading my way through the traffic to her apartment, I had a brief realization that I hadn't peed before leaving, but that was no big deal. 

Although baggy was "in", Celia, like me, had opted for snug. Her jeans hugged her every contour, and her breasts strained the fabric of her blouse. She was the most delicious thing I had ever seen! She may have noticed the straining of my jeans as well, for she put her arm around me and said, "It's nice being taken out by a real man."

I blushed, though I had taken pains to develop my physique and my manner. No one would mistake me for an inexperienced boy or a wimp. When we strode into the carnival grounds, we were riding the crest of a wave of confidence. We felt good and we looked good!

Celia wanted to experience it all. This was much louder and more commercial than the sedate fairs she had attended in the north country of England where she had grown up. This was America in all its crass and tawdry glory.

We methodically took each ride in turn, even the ones intended for small children. We ate and drank at every booth, and we played the games of skill and chance. I won two cheap stuffed animals and a plastic toy, all of which Celia graciously gave to tots that were passing by. Buoyed by the excitement and the activity, I was able to ignore the fact that my bladder was complaining more stridently with every stop. However, the rest rooms were back near the entrance, and each step took us further away.

We got to the Ferris wheel. It was modest compared to those in larger fairgrounds, but I bought our tickets and we got on. I was suddenly aware that I really had to pee very urgently, but I was young and strong, and I had held my pee before, so I considered it a mere inconvenience. I did experience a moment of panic when the wheel abruptly stopped while we were high in the air, but Celia held my muscled arm and I relished the feeling of being her protector. I was greatly relieved when we finally were in motion again.

I was trying to determine the most graceful and masculine way of telling Celia that I needed to use the men's room when she spotted the roller coaster. This was the one ride that was a permanent fixture on the grounds, and it had two dramatic drops and a number of sharp turns. There was a long line at the ticket booth.

"Get us tickets while I use the ladies'," Celia said, running off into the crowd. I shifted from foot to foot, trying to adopt a comfortable position, but I had to go as badly as I could ever remember. The line suddenly moved as the cars were being filled, but then it stood in place for what seemed forever. I thrust my hand in my pocket and attempted to assist the aching muscles holding back the flood. I cursed my stupidity for drinking each of the offerings at the food booths when I already had to pee. I saw one father, leading his young, crotch-holding son toward the rest rooms, and I was jealous.

Celia returned, bubbly and enthusiastic about the crowds and the activity. I worked hard to match her mood, but a rising fear stifled me. Just as I was about to hand her the money and run off to the facilities despite the loss of face, the line surged ahead and we got the last two seats on the train. I clamped my legs together as we slowly crept up the incline.

The sudden weightlessness followed by a leaden burden in my lower abdomen made me break out in a sweat. The overwhelming pressure persisted, and I could feel myself shake from the effort of holding in such a massive load of pee. Celia noticed my trembling, and I blurted out that I didn't like the sensation of falling. She giggled and called me silly, and then we were slammed left and right going through the tight turns. At last we glided into the platform, but as we stopped I was afraid to move. I felt that any change in my position would make me release gallons into my jeans. I was frozen by panic.

Everyone got off but us. A man approached and announced that if we were going to take another ride it would cost another six dollars. I pulled the bills I had received in change from my shirt pocket, and it seemed only a moment when we were moving again. This time, the two steep drops sent small, hot jets into my jeans. I certainly could not grab myself like a little kid, so I used every muscle fibre to maintain control. I glanced down and there was a dark spot in my crotch, but I hoped it wouldn't be noticed.

Finally the ride of torture was over. Celia grabbed my hand and got up, and I had no choice but to stand. Sweat was pouring into my shirt and I shook from the efforts to keep from disgracing myself, but I had exceeded my limits. As I stepped out, a spasm of urgency hit me that I could not counter. Pee hissed into my jeans and sent a glistening trail down my leg. Again and again there were huge spurts that I could not stop. Celia gasped and others gaped at the sight of a big, muscular man wetting his pants. I could not think of a worse thing to happen to me, and I wanted to die.

Then Celia threw her arms around me. "That's the hottest thing I've ever seen!" she exclaimed. "No boyfriend has ever peed his pants for me! That really turns me on!"

We marched past the busy booths, most people oblivious to my disgrace, a few noticing but then looking the other way, and a couple making derisive comments. Celia grinned all the while, occasionally waving to strangers as if she had just won a valuable prize.

"I have some beer and a bottle of wine at home," she announced as we got in the car. "Maybe you'll give me a private show."

It seemed that our relationship had just taken a great leap forward. 

