In the Castle
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I had to write an article about a castle in my region an drove to it the fourth time or so to do a guided tour. I knew nearly everything about the house now but had a few point I wanted to look again. The trip took longer than planned and when I arrived I really needed to pee. The toilets were built in later for the tourists and because the available rooms were small, there is only one stall in the ladies which was locked.

There were two problems now. First of all, I badly needed to pee and was hardly able to stand still. The second tour would start in four minutes, so I had very little time to do something about my problem. After what seemed like endless the stall door opened. I tried to look normal and hurried in. I pulled down my clothes and sat down. Almost at once, someone else tried to get in. I could see the feet of the girl outside as she stood tapping from one foot to the other. I couldn't pee this fast because my muscles were a bit cramped from holding it so long and I wasn't in the state of nearly peeing my pants so it used maybe a minute before I peed. The girl outside left the toilet and I wondered why she didn't wait onother short moment.

I rushed out to the start of the tour and reached just in time. Our guide, whom I knew from an earlier tour, was called Danielle. I looked down at her feet and saw the shoes I just had seen through under the toilet door. Now I knew why she left. She mustn't start the tour late, and so she hadn't the time to wait until I would have finished. Danielle was wearing dark pants, as the tour guides all did, ans a conservative top.

I could see that Danielle looked stressed, and I could imagine that the thought of a fifty-minute tour was not a pleasure to her. As the tour got underway, I hope to witness a good pee-desperation performance.

From time to time as we went along, when she had to stop and describe some feature of the castle, Danielle would cross her legs, almost certainly because she was feeling a strong urge to pee. We moved from room to room, and as the time passed, I became aware that Danielle had started to bend forward a little as she walked. Each time she was forced to stop walking, she immediately crossed her legs so that she could stand up straight.

For a woman who had performed a pee dance outside the only stall half an hour before, she seemed to have good control of herself, and I began to wonder if she really had to pee that badly after all. But then, as I listened to her answering questions, I thought I heard a tremble in her voice, as if she was straining to hold on. My hopes of seeing her get into serious trouble flourished again.

I knew nearly every answer to the questions she was being asked, and I noticed that, while she normally gave a lot of detail in her answers, she was keeping the replies shorter and more superficial. She was evidently trying to speed the tour along. Unfortunately for her, the audience was very interested and keep pressing her for more details, keeping Danielle standing there with her legs crossed and her expression taut.

I doubted now that Danielle would be able to shorten the tour, and that it would run the full fifty minutes. An interesting thought crossed my mind: since the tours started every hour, I wondered if it was possible that she would have no time to use the toilet between the tours if they over-ran?

After forty minutes of talking and a lot of standing still, Danielle began to pull the waistband fof her pants away from her abdomen as she was walking. Her face looked really strained now, and her smile looked forced. Now as we moved from one room to the next, I could see that she was now walking stiff-leggedly. Keeping one hand in her pocket, her body was perceptible bent at the waist. She was obviously growing very desperate for the toilet.

Reaching one of the doors, Danielle had trouble with the keys. She stood fumbling with the old lock, an operation that forced her to take her hand out of her pocket. She stood with her thigs tightly pressed together, and after a few seconds she turned her left knee in a bit and pulled up her leg.

She tried to cover the delay with a funny saying, and I knew she was in control and doing her job proffessional although it was very difficult for her to stand still. After a few seconds more, she managed to get the door open and quickly led the way through into the next room. Here, she recounted a short story about the first owner of the castle, during which with legs hard crossed, and I could see her muscles flexing. As she talked, she pulling the waistband of her pants away from her stomach the entire time. When she resumed walking, her gait was stiffer than ever, and it was obvious to me, if not to anyone else, that her bladder was under a great deal of preassure now.

We next came into the dining room, and here, she sat down on the table whilst telling different things about the 18th century. Normally she wouldn't sit down, which meant she was too desperate to stand up and keep still any longer. Her gestures became less frequent as she talked, and she now kept one hand constantly laid in her lap.

At last, she finished what she had to say and started to stand up[. As she rose, a painful expression appeared on her face. I could also see, briefly, that she had opened her waistband so that it did not cut into her swollen bladder any longer. She hobbled through the room with careful steps, and at the far door, she waited to let us go through. She stood there with her legs apart, but I could see her shifting her weight from one foot to the other, and sometimes raising one foot a bit. After a few seconds of this, she pulled up her right thigh and bent her left knee a bit. She was really in a bad way now.

We entered the hallway and she held her final speech. I saw that she had both hands in her pockets most of the time and had her legs crossed constantly. Every half minute she recrossed them; you could say she was doing a bit of pee dancing. Sometimes she had to take one hand away to show something, and from the way she put it back into her pocket (she nearly rammed it in), I knew she was absolutly bursting to let go.

A few times, her voice trembled a bit and she froze. I don't think the other people noticed that because they were concentrating on what she was telling them, paying attention to the decor and architecture rather than to her. But I watched her constantly, and thought it possible that she would wet her pants soon.

Some people asked further questions and I could see panic in her eyes. She managed to answer some of them, and then told us that she had to start the next tour and couldn't talk any longer to us. The tour was over.

I looked at my watch and saw she was right but couldn't believe she would do this without a stop to use the toilet. She walked with both hands in her pockets to the waiting group and told them something I couldn't hear, but I guessed that she was excusing herself for a moment.

I walked in the direction of the toilets and waited near the door. I saw her coming round the corner with one hand in her crotch. She noticed me and put it back into her pocket and tried to walk normally to the door. I also walked to the toilets and reached the door seconds before her. Inside, she begged me to let her go first and told me that the people were waiting at her. She did not let me know that she was almost peeing her pants now, so I told her that I really had to pee and tapped from one foot to the other. Certainly, I knew that she had to let me go first because I was the customer. I saw her expression cloud with distress, and she was really walking on the spot now. I could also tell from the silhouette of her hands in the pockets that she was vigorously massaging her crotch.

As I made a step to the stall, Danielle threw her aside her self-restraint and nearly cried, telling me that she started leaking, and would pee her pants any second. I hesitated for a few moments, just to make her struggle to hold it a little longer, then at last I nodded to indicate that she could go first. She hurriedly closed the door and, even as she closed the door, I heard the rustle of clothing as she struggled to pulled down her pants. Almost at once, pee gushed in the toilet bowl like a peal of thunder.

The whole thing had happened so fast that I dfidn't think she could have got herself into a sitting position before it started to come out, and I wondered if I would see a wet patch on her pants when she came out of the stall.

When she emerged, however, her pants looked dry, so she really must have been pulling them while shutting the door. I don't think she could have held on even for ten seconds longer, and almost regretted letting her go without delaying her just a little bit longer.

