Kari was a beautiful young girl just out of high school. She had always been incredibly shy, but her smile more than made up for it. After moving away to college she desperately needed a job to pay her bills, but in a college town, jobs can be hard to come by. She wore a tight fitting red blouse, tight khaki pants, and white cotton panties.
After a long day of tedious interviews, Kari was walking back to her dorm when she realized she had far too much to drink on her lunch break. Being new in town she did not know of anywhere she could just stop in to use the rest room, plus she figured, "I'm a grown adult, I'll be fine."
Her pace became quicker on the way back to her dorm as she realized she REALLY had to pee. She saw a small fast food restaurant and decided to stop in to see if they would let her use their facilities. They said the bathrooms were for paying customers only. She searched frantically through her purse trying desperately to find money to buy something so she could use the restroom, but she had spent the last of her money on her lunch.
She started crying and asked once again if she could use the restroom, but the clerk said no. So Kari decided she would have to try and make it back to her dorm. As she stepped out of the door, some incoming customers bumped her in the stomach, sending a wave of pressure to her bladder.
Kari felt complete terror as she felt a shot of piss shooting into her panties. She said to herself, "this is not happening– I am a grown adult."
But there was a quarter sized wet spot on the front of her pants telling her otherwise. Kari hurried along her path trying to get back as soon as possible, but she knew she had at least five minutes left of her journey.
Just a block from her dorm, Kari felt yet another wave of pressure come upon her. Just then she noticed the boy from the floor below who she had seen playing guitar the night before on the first floor of her dorm... oh, how she had wanted to talk to him. Just her luck he should come up to her now. He said, "hey i remember you from last night, you're from my dorm aren't you?"
Kari responded half–heartedly "yes... but I need to get back right away," as her face turned bright red.
As Kari ran along, the young man followed her. Kari felt another wave of pressure and had to stop and bend over to stop from losing control. She said to herself, "I'm almost there, I'll make it." When Kari got to her dorm, she saw a sign on the elevator "Out Of Order" and she didn't have the key to get into the other floors' bathrooms. She soon realized the boy was still following her. She ran for the steps but realized that she was now slowly and uncontrollably leaking piss, and the quarter–sized wet spot was turning into a baseball sized wet spot.
Kari was now on the third floor, but sadly her room was on the fifth. But before she could run up the next flight of stairs the boy pulled her onto the third floor door and into his room. Kari almost screamed, "Let me go I have to piss," but the bulge in his pants told her to do otherwise. He pulled her on top of him on his bed, and before he could get her pants off she began pissing uncontrollably onto his crotch, although he did not seem to mind. Kari also realized that this felt quite good for her too. The two of them grinded hard against each other and moaned quite loudly until both of them had wet hot orgasms.
Kari said, "Could I get your name?"
To be continued...
Marty