The Sleep-Over
	Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting, and Deliberate Wetting.
By:  Ann Whetter

Mary was in a bit of a quandary. She wanted to stay overnight with her friend Sue after their 19th birthday celebrations in a couple of weeks time. But after going out to the clubs, where she was sure to have a drink or two, she was afraid that she would wet the bed. It wasn't that she did it every night, she didn't, it was only ever at weekends except it was always after she'd been out drinking. Which of course was the problem, she was concerned that she would forget where she was when she woke up needing to pee and wet the bed at Sue's house.

She still hadn't made up her mind to risk it, or to say she couldn't go, when she heard her mother arriving home after a shopping trip to town. Mary went into the hall to meet her and as her mother turned to hang up her coat, Mary noticed a dark patch on the back of her skirt. "Are you all right, Mum?" Mary asked in puzzlement, "only it looks as if you've, er, wet yourself."

"I'm fine." she replied "I’ve never felt better in fact, and yes I have. Come into the kitchen, we'll make a pot of tea and I'll tell you all about it."

As soon as they were sitting at the kitchen table with large mugs of tea, Mary's Mum said "I've got some very good news for you. You can go to Sue's and no need to worry about the bed or what Sue and her mum will think as they both wet their beds, so the bed will be protected."

"Thanks Mum." said Mary gratefully "but how do you know?" she added.

"I was looking round the shops wondering how we could solve your 'problem' when I passed Mothercare. It then occurred to me that perhaps nappies might just be the answer. I was standing by the shelves looking for the largest ones when I noticed another lady doing the same.

We got around to talking and discovered that we both had daughters who were soon to celebrate their 19th birthdays with a sleepover. Both girls wet their beds and were worried about their friend finding out. It suddenly occurred to me that this was too much of a coincidence for her not to be Sue's mum, so I asked her. 'And you must be Mary's mum,' she agreed.

'Well that's going to save us some money.' she said putting the packet of nappies back on the shelf. 'How about a coffee?'

Over coffee we were chatting when Alison (Sue's mother) suddenly said 'I've just had a thought. If I put Mary in the spare bed in Sue's room and one of them wets the bed and the other doesn't then they'll both be embarrassed. Mind you they'll both know so they could make a pact. No, I know, they can both sleep in my bed, then when one wets the bed the other will know and can do the same.'

'But what about your mattress' I asked. 'Oh that's no problem' she said, 'all the beds in our house are protected with waterproof covers on the mattresses and towels under the bottom sheets ready for the inevitable.'

'What- your bed as well?' I asked. 'Oh yes.' she said, 'it’s not unknown for me to have the occasional 'accident'. In fact it's very likely that there'll be more than one set of wet sheets that weekend.'

By this time coffee had turned into a bottle of wine or two and we were getting quite giggly.

'I don't half need to pee' I told Alison.

'Me too' she said 'So, do we find the Ladies’, or not?'

'What do you mean?' I asked her.

'Well we can either go to the Ladies’, or.... not bother.'

'I'm still not with you' I told her.

'I'm about to wet myself'

'What here?' I asked

'Yes. In fact I'm doing it now.' And with that she knocked a bottle of water over. 'Now no-one will know.'

I looked down and saw the two puddles merging under the table. At this I started laughing, which was a mistake because I then started to spurt in my knickers. She realised what was happening and said 'Wasn't there a lot of water in that bottle?' This set me off laughing again and this time I couldn't stop wetting myself -and soon realised that I didn't want to.

'My goodness' I said, 'I don't half feel naughty.'

'Was that your first time?' she asked puzzled, 'Only I thought that with you being Mary's mum, you'd be into this sort of thing.'

'Why? Does it run in families then?' I asked and then remembered the weekend that you went to stay with my young sister Jenny and your cousin Janet. You came back with a parcel and a note which said that they had introduced you to the family 'game' and to put the contents of the parcel on your bed before it was too late."

"I remember" said Mary "and I managed to wait until the following weekend before putting it to the test."

"True" replied her mother, "But there have been wet knickers in the washing basket most nights ever since."

"Yes" said Mary, "but do you know what happened that WEEkend?"

"No" her mother answered, "Do tell."

To be continued...
