Title: One Snowy Night
By: Erica

This is an account of my first experience with true desperation and its outcome.

I am the oldest in a family of two children. There's my mother, aged 38, father the same age, me at 19 and my young sister, the baby of the family, who is only nine.

I came home from college at Christmas expecting to have a quiet and relaxing time away from the dorms. What I didn't expect was to find half the house closed off for repair and the family living in what ended up being three rooms: the sitting room, the TV room and the dining room/kitchen. I wasn't impressed with these arrangements, but I knew I just had to learn to live with them because the house was very old and we'd always known that bad weather would get it one day. But why, oh why did it have to be over Christmas when I really needed some space?

The sleeping arrangements were pretty simple: my mother and father slept in the TV room and I ended up bunking with my sister Beth in the sitting room. I know my parents don't like TV all that much, and they know I do, so I asked my mother if we could switch and she replied that Beth was too young to be sitting up watching TV all night, which I was likely to do if we were to sleep in the TV room. I knew my mother was right, so I didn't argue the point. I was also very annoyed at not being able to use the bathroom in the house. We had a garage apartment on the other side of the house with a small bathroom, and this was to be used by us for the duration. I begged my parents to let me stay in this apartment, but the heating had gone out in there when the house had collapsed partway and although it wasn't very cold, I knew the temperature could drop dramatically at night. My father was serious when he said he didn't want to find me frozen to death on Christmas morning!

So for a few days after I arrived things went smoothly. I spent a lot of time in the garage apartment, reading and thinking of my boyfriend, Paul back at college. Now I wished that I had stayed as he'd wanted me to, but I'd been looking forward to seeing the family, as Beth really doted on me, followed me around and copied everything I did. It was quite an ego-boost to have your nine year-old sister hero-worship you like that. And I love the little brat, too. We look pretty much alike - at least, she looks a lot like I did at nine. People can always tell we're sisters, and Beth loves it when I do our hair up the same way and dress us alike. But this time Beth had found a new friend and didn't spend quite so much time with me, which was sad and yet quite a relief at the same time. I went out with old friends, went shopping, the usual for someone of my age, but I knew I was expected home for dinner.

So, every night I would go in at around 7pm for dinner, and then the family would watch TV until bedtime. Sometimes I'd go out, but on the nights when I wouldn't Beth and I would always fight over what to watch. My mother and father thought this was very funny, considering the difference in our ages. Ah, well, sisters will be sisters.

One night I had just arrived home when it started to snow lightly. Normally this was nothing, but my mother immediately thought of Beth, being so young, and rushed her outside and around the house to the small bathroom so that she wouldn't have an 'accident' later. "How're you doing?" she asked me when she got back, while she was brushing snow off my sister's coat. I realised she was asking me whether I needed to go! I am rather stubborn, and I realise now that even if I had been desperate I would have denied it. I am, after all, an adult and resented even being asked. "I'm fine," I replied without thinking. I only tried to remember what Tess and I had had to drink at the movies when it was much later. We'd had a cappucino at lunch and I'd had about a quarter-liter of Slushy in the theater, so I figured there was no problem.

Because Beth becomes fretful whenever it's really cold, my mother let us switch rooms for sleeping and Beth and I ended up in the TV room. I tuned the TV to the Sci-Fi Channel, which would hopefully keep the kid happy for the remainder of the evening. My father kept on poking his head in at fifteen-minute intervals. To see if Beth was okay was his excuse, but I know that he likes Sci-Fi as much as my sister does and wanted to see what was on. Finally he saw by the look on my face that it was annoying me, and after that he stopped.

Beth dropped off to sleep at around 10 pm, leaving me free to decide what to watch. I tuned the TV to a movie channel and got some juice for myself from the kitchen, still in the bottle. The movie was captivating - something involving Sigourney Weaver and a murderer if I remember correctly - and I ended up drinking the entire liter of juice over the course of an hour and a half. I meant to go to sleep then, but another interesting movie came on, and I went back to the kitchen for a snack. I brought some coke back with me this time, in one of those new liter-and-a-quarter bottles. By the time I had drunk half of it I realised I was in trouble. I was starting to need the toilet quite badly.

When I think back now, I really should have put on a coat and some shoes and braved the snow, but at that stage I just didn't feel like getting that cold. Besides, I rationalized, what if Beth woke up and I wasn't there? I tried to ignore the warning in my bladder and decided to take my mind off my 'problem' by watching more TV - after all, it wasn't like I had to get up early for class or anything.

I am, unfortunately, one of those people who just cannot watch TV without eating or drinking something. I didn't mean to, but I wasn't thinking, and I drank the rest of the coke as well. When the movie was over I was extremely uncomfortable. I needed to pee, and I needed to pee badly! But by now it was 2 am and there was no way I was going to go out in the middle of the night just to relieve myself. Well, I thought, taking my mind off my situation worked before, so it might work again. I decided to go to sleep and hopefully it would have stopped snowing in the morning.

I switched off the light, lay down in my nest of bedclothes and closed my eyes. But the only thing I could feel was the intense pressure in my bladder. I moved onto my back in the hope that it would take some of the pressure off, and it did for a while, but then it came back again. I've never had problems holding it before, so I figured that it wouldn't be a problem now.

I tried various sleeping positions, but all of them except lying on my back made the need to pee even worse. So I lay there looking up into the darkness and wondered what Paul would say if he could see me now. He'd laughed at me once when we'd been to the movies and I'd needed to pee rather badly, but then he'd been all over me when we'd got back to his place. I wondered if he'd laugh now or be sympathetic, or just jump my bones. Thinking of Paul helped, and by concentrating on our times together I managed to push the pulsating feelings in my bladder to the back of my mind. After maybe half an hour I did drift off.

I awoke later with a start, although I don't know how much later. I do know it was the kind of waking up when you awaken because of a warning your body is sending you. Mine was certainly doing that, and it was saying, 'You have to pee NOW!' I managed to fend off the sensation of panic that gripped me, and I squeezed my thighs together for all I was worth. "No, no, no," I whispered under my breath as I desperately tried to control what I knew was coming. I knew that even if I had wanted to go outside to the bathroom, I would never have made it. My bladder wanted to be relieved, and it was no longer listening to the commands I was trying to send it.

I lay there for a few more minutes, just barely avoiding wetting, but then Beth stirred in her sleep, and I got such a fright that I relaxed my thighs and felt my bladder release. I had never ever wet myself before, and I automatically tried to stop the flow, but then I felt the warm and pleasurable sensation as the pee soaked into my underwear, and I gave up control. I lay there and just let go.

The sensation of finally emptying my bladder was almost orgasmic, and I sighed with pleasure as I felt the piss (in my mind it was suddenly 'piss' and not 'pee') soaking through my underwear and through my pajamas into the blankets and sheets I was lying on. It was so dark I couldn't see the clock, but I think that piss must have lasted for about a minute. It seemed to go on and on and I wanted it to go on forever, it felt so good. Finally though it did stop and I just lay there with a silly grin on my face, absorbing the naughty sensation of being wet.

Because I was swaddled up in blankets the warm piss sensation took quite a while to fade. I lay there thanking my lucky stars that we were each responsible for putting away our own bedding each morning. I knew I wouldn't have a problem if I complained that I'd messed coke and juice on the bedding and gave the bedclothes a wash. In fact, Mom would probably make me wash Beth's as well. This didn't bother me.

I awoke the next morning feeling physically a lot more unpleasant than the night before, but at the same time I felt emotionally refreshed. I put on a gown to hide what I'd done, then busied myself picking up the bedclothes. Beth, thankfully, slept through everything. I checked the carpet under my sleeping place for signs of wetness, but the blankets had thankfully absorbed all the piss. I put my bedding in the washer and proceeded to the bathroom (it had stopped snowing, as I'd thought it would) to wash and change my clothes.

No one said anything about me washing the bedclothes, and in fact I unloaded the washer and put in some of my and Beth's dirty clothes (mine were wet, hers were just dirty from playing) quite brazenly, and my parents didn't notice a thing.

I was extremely eager to experience the sensation again, but decided not to tempt fate. I watched my intake of fluids for the rest of my vacation, and had a lovely Christmas with the family.

Back at college I rejoiced at having my own room, and I think I have been deliberately desperate and wet myself a dozen times since then. There is nothing to compare to the sensation of warm piss soaking through one's clothing. Now if only I could think of a way to bring the subject up with Paul...

