Jenny Meets Miranda, Who's Desperate For A Pee!

by  Bob

This episode in the continuing saga of Jenny's toilet adventures features her at the age of 25, by which time she's finished university, has been working for nearly four years (she's just qualified as a chartered accountant, although that isn't relevant to this particular chapter, you'll be glad to hear!), and is living permanently with Dave, her boyfriend, whom we've already met before in the "hairdressers" and "mild sex spanking and teasing tying-up" chapters of Jenny's story.

And by this stage she's realised, at last, how exciting her desperate predicaments can be to some of the men in her life, following Dave's startling revelations at the end of the "mild sex spanking and teasing tying-up" episode. In fact, Jenny doesn't mind this too much in general - although she still minds it like hell while she's actually _in_ a desperate predicament and Dave is being unco-operative! After all, she's a very attractive and highly-sexed girl, is our Jenny, and she reasons to herself that, "Whatever turns them on . . . !"

Indeed, now that the idea of being caught bursting to pee is firmly linked in her mind to the male sexual arousal which inevitably results, she even finds "bursting to pee" situations sexually arousing herself sometimes, despite the fact that they're an absolute nightmare at the time in other ways! However, fear not. Although at 25 poor Jenny has finally "twigged" as to the fact that many males get unbelievably excited when she's desperate and bursting for the toilet, and although this particular episode shows what she's like after her realisation of what's been going on all those years, there still remain countless earlier bursting and desperate ordeals to tell you about from her toilet career before this, when she was between the ages of 18 and 24 and was still an unsuspecting, trusting, sweating young female toilet victim!

After this chapter, for instance, you'll hear of two episodes which took place when she was 20 - one concerning a holiday job she had in a supermarket, and one concerning a nightmare coach trip she suffered while she was on the way to stay overnight with her handsome, toilet- torturing cousin Steve (whom we've also met earlier).

At a later date, too, you'll hear of others - for instance, the time when she was a shy young 23-year-old trainee out on a rush auditing job with a male colleague in his early 30s and after hours of intensive work with no opportunity to ask where the Ladies was she was absolutely bursting to wee, but he kept on delaying and delaying her as she made frantic attempts to escape from his presence and dash to the toilet; or when she was caught desperate while driving back down the motorway from another job, bouncing up and down in agony nearly doing the toilet on the car seat during long traffic hold-ups; or various occasions during her Sixth-Form days when she was trapped frantic to wee in various situations in her school uniform, sweating with panic and bursting for the toilet while nearly going to the loo in her school knickers! Right then!

On to our next story. It was about half past two on a fine afternoon in summer, and 25-year-old Jenny was walking back along the High Street in her home town after doing some shopping on her day off (slightly needing a wee, but by no means desperately so, with the result that she wasn't in any hurry) when she suddenly spotted her old school friend Miranda (who'd been married for about a year, Jenny having been her bridesmaid, and was still Jenny's closest female friend) coming scurrying quickly out of a nearby hairdressing salon, fumbling awkwardly with several heavy, bulky shopping-bags as she did so. Poor Miranda then started walking - or rather, hobbling - very rapidly indeed along the crowded pavement and down the street in Jenny's direction, nearly colliding against passers-by at every step in her sweaty, feverish haste, while her heavy, awkward, cumbersome shopping-bags cruelly impeded her progress still further by obstructing her and bumping against her stocking-clad legs.

Yes, you've guessed it! Poor young Miranda was absolutely bursting to go to the loo, and she was hobbling desperately along the street just about weeing herself, having been stuck there under the drier for ages on the absolute verge of losing control and doing the loo in her pants, but with no way of getting free - suffering and squirming, with her legs tightly crossed, her profuse, curly, muskily feminine pubic hair all damp and matted with sweat inside her sweaty knickers, yearning desperately to be able to fling modesty and decorum to the winds and thrust her hands up her skirt to dig her fingers really, really hard into her aching pussy! Had she been more observant, Jenny would have noticed that Miranda's face was flushed and anxious and that she was taking very short, awkward, mincing steps. As it was, however, Jenny didn't notice this. Her only thought was pleasure at seeing her close friend, whom she hadn't seen for a few weeks, and she prepared herself to stop and gossip.

As Miranda drew near, Jenny accordingly hailed her and exclaimed, "Hi there, Miranda! Great to see you! How's things? Long time no see!" Miranda, however, showed no corresponding eagerness to stop and chat. True, she did stop reluctantly in front of Jenny - she had no real choice, since the pavement was very crowded indeed and Jenny was blocking her path. But she was jiggling around uneasily as she gasped in reply, "Ooh! It's lovely to see you, but - sss! - don't hold me up just now, Jenny, please! I'm just about doing the loo in my knickers here!

I've been stuck under the drier in the hairdressers for ages simply desperate for the toilet - ooh! - just bursting to wee! Practically going to the loo on the seat! Oh God, Jenny, I'm nearly weeing myself - oooh! I'm absolutely dying to go to the loo! If I don't get to the Ladies soon I'll - ooooh! - start doing the loo in my pants!" Of course, once she'd actually mentioned it, one glance was sufficient to reveal to Jenny just how urgent was poor Miranda's predicament! Miranda was a very pretty girl, similar in height and build to Jenny - about 5'6", and, while quite slender, nevertheless very shapely and curvaceous indeed.

But her usually vivacious and merry face, framed by her beautiful, glossy-black, newly-permed, softly- curled shoulder-length hair, was on this occasion contorted with agony while her usually wide, generous, smiling mouth was cruelly and painfully twisted because of her intense, frantic anxiety and distress. She was wearing a white, very close-fitting top which showed her firm, bouncy 36B boobs to good advantage, an extremely short, very pale pink skirt, white knitted stockings and strawberry-pink high-heeled shoes. She had wonderful thighs, too, of which her extremely short skirt revealed a wide and temptingly bare expanse (her skirt was rucked up a considerable way, exposing her suspenders and the tops of her stockings), but as she jiggled around trying to talk to Jenny those beautiful bare young female thighs were sweatily twisting and working against each other in a manner quite painful to behold.

"God, Miranda girl, I can see you've got a real problem there!" Jenny said in an extremely concerned voice as she felt a sympathetic twinge of unease in her own bladder. "Ooh! I can see you're desperate! You must be absolutely bursting - it's painful for me just to look at you! It even makes me feel I want to go as well! Just you rush on to the Ladies! I won't be so cruel as to try to hold you up just now - I'll give you a ring later and we can catch up then." Then, however, just as she was stepping aside to let Miranda past, she paused for a moment and said reflectively, "But Miranda, just a second - where IS the nearest Ladies now? They've closed the one in the High Street here, I know, and I simply can't think where the next nearest one to here is!" The effect of this casual remark on poor desperate 25-year-old Miranda was absolutely devastating!

She gasped in disbelief, her mouth gaped wide open in sheer horror, and in her sudden panic she almost screamed at Jenny, "What do you mean, the one in the High Street's closed? You're not serious, are you? Closed? Oh God, Jenny! It can't be! It just can't be!"

"Yes it is - didn't you know?" replied Jenny in a distressed, sympathetic voice. "They closed it about a month ago - local authority spending cuts, I think it was! I'm sure there was something about it in the local paper. You must have missed it. But there it is - look! See for yourself if you don't believe me!" She pointed to the Ladies, which was clearly visible about 70 or 80 yards down the street on the opposite side. As poor Miranda's anguished glance followed Jenny's pointing finger, she saw to her panic that Jenny was right - the huge iron grille across it was padlocked, and she could just about see a sign on it saying 'TOILETS CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE'"

"Ooh! Oh no! It's closed! Oh God, Jenny, what am I going to DO?" Miranda gabbled in sheer blind panic, jiggling frantically from foot to foot as she spoke. "I'm just about weeing my knickers! Oooh! And the next nearest one's - oooh! - more than ten minutes' walk from here, away down at the bus station! Ooh! All those bloody men on the council closing public loos! I'll bet they've never been stuck under the drier for more than half an hour dying for the Ladies, absolutely frantic for a wee, nearly weeing themselves and praying for the assistant to hurry up and set them free!"

Then she suddenly squealed as an even more urgent spasm of need than she'd experienced before racked her aching bladder. In a frenzied effort to keep control she started almost running on the spot, nearly doing the loo in her pants as she did so, unable to keep still for a single second, her high heels drumming loudly on the pavement like a tattoo, beads of sweat flying off her forehead and tears of utter agony and despair running down her scarlet cheeks as she tried to come to terms with the sheer nightmare horror of her plight. "Oh God, Jenny, I won't be able to make it that far!" she wailed. "I just know I won't! More than ten minutes' walk, and I'm just about doing it now! Ooh!

And the only thing that kept me going while I was trying to hang on there under the drier was the thought that there was a Ladies - ooh! - just down the street, a couple of minutes' walk away! Oooh! Sss! Oooh!" Then her eyes, already screwed up with agony, filled with tears as she whimpered in sheer, utter panic, "Oh Jenny, I really won't be able to make it! I'll wee my pants in the street! Oh God, I can't just wee myself in the street in front of everyone, so that everyone will know I've wet my knickers! Just imagine how it'll show on this skirt I'm wearing!

There'll be a huge dark-pink stain! Oh God! And I'll have miles to walk home in my wet clothes, all dripping with wee, and what if people I know see me, or the neighbours see me, or Chris" [Chris was Miranda's husband] "hears about it, or my mum and dad hear, or my boss and my workmates hear? Oh God, Jenny, I can't just wee my pants in the street! But what on earth am I going to do?" Poor Miranda was really hysterical now, quite beside herself with panic, ceaselessly jogging up and down on her high heels and jiggling around and from side to side in an absolute frenzy.

And she'd quite lost even the limited power to speak normally which she'd had before - she was sobbing and gulping out her words wildly and hysterically, thanks to the devastating discovery that the Ladies on which she'd pinned all her hopes of desperately- needed relief for the last couple of hours was cruelly closed and inaccessible and that she was therefore only within minutes, or maybe even within seconds, of losing control of her throbbing, tingling, aching, painfully-distended, massively-swollen bladder and standing there in the street amongst crowds of staring passers-by, some of whom knew her well by sight, visibly deluging her knickers and skirt and stockings and shoes with hot, steaming, silvery-yellow floods of her pent-up, uncontrollable wee!

Jenny looked at her and (being a kind and compassionate girl) was genuinely concerned by the sheer horror of her plight. Poor Miranda was quite hysterical in her desperate need - Jenny, in all the years she'd known her, had never seen her in so pathetic or distressed a state before. And it was quite true - if Miranda did lose control and wee her pants helplessly in the street and someone saw her, she'd never live it down!

Poor Miranda was so panicky and distraught that she could barely move, she looked as if she'd lose control any second, and Jenny hated the thought that perhaps her oldest and closest friend of all would very shortly be standing sobbing helplessly in the street while unstoppable floods of hot wee pumped out from under her skirt and poured all down her legs and flooded her shoes, forming a huge, obvious, spreading yellow puddle on the pavement, as what seemed to be half the population of the town stared and giggled and made whispered remarks.

So she decided that there was only one thing to do. "Tell you what," she said. "In the state you're in, it'll take you a quarter of an hour at least to get to the bus station Ladies, and you'll never make it! But my car's parked just round the corner and we'll be at the flat in half that time. Why not just hop in the car with me, come back and have a wee at my place, and then I'll have a wee as well - you're making me want to go just looking at you - and we can have a coffee and catch up with the news?"

"Oh Jenny, could I?" gasped Miranda gratefully. "It's - it's really an emergency, I'm afraid. It's ages since I've needed the loo as badly as this. I'd be ever so grateful if I could!"

"Come on, then!" said Jenny firmly, taking the heaviest of the shopping-bags from poor Miranda's trembling fingers as she did so. Then she led the way round the corner to where her car was parked, Miranda hobbling as quickly as she could behind. Once they reached the car, Jenny unlocked it, helped Miranda into the front passenger seat and stowed her shopping in the back (not wishing to waste time even by opening the boot).

Meanwhile, Miranda sat uncomfortably on the passenger seat, slipped her hand down inside the waistband of her skirt to tug up her knickers as tightly as she possibly could against her frenziedly-working little pussy so that the elastic cut into her really painfully, and drew her right leg up beneath her so that the blessedly cold leather of the heel of her right shoe was pressing really, really hard against her poor, anguished, sweating pussy through the thin, tightly-stretched cotton of her knicker-crotch. "Oh God, hurry, Jenny!" she begged as Jenny started up the car. "Ooh! I was just in agony under that drier! I thought I'd never get free!

And then when you said that the Ladies was closed, it made it even worse! Oooh! Ssss! I'd expected to be in there by now, having a wee, and after having been so desperate for so long in that salon it was just the last straw! Oooooh! Oh God, Jenny, I'm just about doing it in my knickers! Oooh!" As Jenny drove along as quickly as she could in view of the heavy traffic in the town centre, Miranda was groaning away softly to herself and grinding her tortured pussy as hard as she could against the heel of her shoe.

But then, as they were stopped at a traffic light, Miranda suddenly swore, hoisted her skirt nearly up to her waist and thrust her hand right down inside her knickers so that she could press the tips of her fingers hard against her tortured little pee-hole, unavoidably revealing as she did so the top of her sweaty, matted, profuse, curly-black pubic bush. "Oooh! You - you don't mind, Jenny, do you?" she moaned in an agonised whisper. "But it's really, really bad now, it's really awful, this is the only way I can possibly keep it in, by pressing against my pee-hole to stop it coming out, and after all, we - we're old friends, and I'm - ooh! sssss! - nearly doing it! Promise you don't mind?"

"Of course not!" Jenny smiled sympathetically, glancing across at poor Miranda's frantic struggles. "Nothing there I haven't seen often before! Use both hands, if you want!"

"Oooooh! Maybe I will!" groaned poor Miranda, thrusting her other hand down inside her knickers and kneading away at herself furiously, revealing even more of her profuse, sweaty, curly pubic bush as she did so. Then she moaned, "Oh God! I didn't half wish I could have done this while I was - oooh! - sitting under that drier for ages nearly weeing myself! Ooh! I was needing a wee quite badly even when the girl first took me, which was a really ghastly feeling anyway, I can tell you, and from then on it just seemed to take hours and hours! Oh God, Jenny, have you ever been stuck under the drier like that, absolutely bursting to wee, and it gets worse and worse until you're nearly weeing yourself, with no prospect of getting set free for ages, bouncing up and down on the chair unable to keep still even for a single second?"

"Yes, I have, actually!" smiled Jenny. "And I was every bit as desperate as you are now! I'll tell you about it once we're safely home and you've been for a wee! That bastard Dave's always going on about it - it gave him a real kinky thrill, for some reason!" Miranda turned and gaped at Jenny, her hands meanwhile still working frenziedly away inside her knickers. "You mean - you mean that Dave gets excited if you're bursting for a pee?" she said.

"Yes," said Jenny ruefully as the lights turned to green and the car roared ahead. "I didn't twig at first, but he's a real sadist - just like my cousin Steve and his pal Nick, that I used to go out with, remember? Dave's a pal of theirs as well. Mind you, I should have guessed about Steve long before I did. You always had a bit of a crush on him, didn't you, Miranda? Remember the time that you came hobbling back to my house after school in Fifth Form, because your house was further away and you were practically peeing your knickers? And how you found he was in the loo, and you actually peed your knickers on the landing floor as you jiggled around outside there waiting, just about doing the loo, and I hammered and hammered on the bathroom door, yelling at him, 'For God's sake hurry UP in there, Steve! Miranda's dancing around out here desperate, practically doing the loo in her pants!'?

That was deliberate, you know - he'd only gone in because he saw you come hobbling up the path! Dave only told me recently, because Steve had told him!"

"Oooh! I remember that day!" groaned Miranda as she rubbed away furiously at her tortured pussy. "It was an absolute nightmare! I'd been bursting for hours during afternoon school, and I hadn't been allowed to be excused, and then the girls' toilets were shut when we got out because they'd found someone smoking in them, and you said I could come to your house for a wee because it was much nearer than mine, and I had to keep stopping every ten yards or so to hold myself through my skirt until a spasm passed, and I even thought about going up an alley and pulling my knickers to one side and weeing there, but there were always people around, and then I was just about doing it when I got to your house and we found that - oooh! - Steve was in the bathroom!

Ooh! Oh God, Jenny, I just couldn't believe it when I raced up there, dribbling spurts of wee helplessly in my knickers at every step, and I found the bathroom door locked in my face! Oh God, I was absolutely hysterical! So near, and yet so far! And I stood on your landing bent double, both hands thrust right down my knickers, rubbing and rubbing away at myself even harder than this, trying to keep it in, but it was no good, and I lost control and just stood there peeing and peeing down my legs and all over your landing floor, floods and floods of it.

And my knickers and skirt and socks and shoes were all drenched, and I had to change into some old school clothes of yours, and Steve disappeared somewhere while I was getting changed in your bedroom and it took us ages to mop up the landing before your mum got back, and then my mum gave me hell when I got home for peeing my pants in your house, saying it was a shameful thing to have done, me being a big girl of 17! And you mean to say it was deliberate? The kinky sod!!"

"Never mind," said Jenny ruefully. "It's up to us girls to help each other out for the toilet when we can, isn't it! And here we are - safely home! We'll just leave the shopping in the back. It'll be perfectly safe there. The first priority is to get you into that toilet!"

"Ooh! Thank God for THAT!" breathed Miranda as the car drew up at Jenny's front door. "I'm - sss! - just about weeing myself here!

Oh God, Jenny, I need a wee so badly it just isn't true!! Ooh! A wee! I must - ooh! sss! - have a wee!!" Jenny hastily switched off the engine, dashed round the front of the car and helped Miranda out. Then she locked the car and led the way inside the house and up to their first-floor flat while Miranda waddled anxiously behind, her hands still inside her knickers and working away at her pussy. (Luckily there were no neighbours or passers-by around to see her!) As Jenny struggled with the doorkey, Miranda stood bent double on the landing, her skirt rucked up nearly to her waist and her hands still working away furiously at her sweaty pussy inside her knickers, and as Jenny turned to look at her she saw that the crotch of her skimpy pale pink lacy cotton knickers was dark pink and soaking, while little rivulets of silvery-yellow pee were coursing down the insides of her thighs and down the tops of her white stockings.

"Ooh! Ooh! Ooooooh! Oh for God's sake hurry up, Jenny!" begged poor Miranda. "I'm nearly - sss! oooh! ssss! oh God! - losing control! I just can't wait another second! I'm - ssss! - nearly doing it!"

"I'm trying my best!" said Jenny sympathetically, renewing her struggles with the key. "It's a real bastard of a lock, this! It always seems to be sticking, especially when I've come racing home from work in a panic, desperate for a pee! I keep on asking Dave to fix it, but - ooh! - I think he likes it when it sticks and I'm absolutely bursting!" Then, just as the key at last turned in the lock, Jenny heard Miranda groan and saw a large visible spurt of pee welling through the already soaking crotch of her knickers, running in rivers down her sweating bare thighs, leaving obvious streak-marks all down her stockings and even splashing slightly around her furiously- tapping high heels to form a little yellow wet puddle on the landing floor. "Oh God, Jenny! I'm starting to pee my knickers!" moaned Miranda, her high heels by now frenziedly drumming nineteen to the dozen on the landing floor with a loud sound that echoed right up and down the stair-well as she stood there frantically clutching at herself.

Then she gasped again, and she sobbed, "I'm peeing my pants! Oh please, God, let me get in there quickly or I just won't be able to hold it in!"

"You're OK now," said Jenny, ushering Miranda through the front door and into the hall and pointing her in the direction of the toilet. "But it'll have to be clean knickers and stockings for you afterwards, my girl! Lucky we've always been the same size!" With a crab-like, scuttling gait, and with her skirt rucked up so far that her lovely, pert bottom - only partly covered by her thin, skimpy, tightly-stretched knickers - was clearly revealed from behind, poor bursting Miranda hobbled painfully and desperately across the hall, helplessly spurting and dribbling little jets of hot wee in her soaking knickers as she did so, while Jenny dashed in front to open the bathroom door ready for her. Miranda pushed gratefully past her and into the bathroom, clutching at her pussy with both her hands while continual unstoppable spurts of her desperate pee surged through her fingers and ran in visible rivers down her bare thighs.

Once safely through the bathroom door she hauled her knickers down to her knees with a single desperate movement (they were nearly half-way down already, so very vigorously and desperately had she been kneading and rubbing away at herself!) and sat on the loo seat just a single millisecond before her tortured bladder gave way completely. There she sat, peeing away noisily, gasping with relief as she did so, "Ooh! A pee!! At last!!! Oh thank God!!!"

Jenny made no attempt to go (they were very old friends, and had often peed in each other's presence before, and so neither of them felt any shyness about it). Instead, she watched with interest how, as Miranda sat gasping on the loo seat, her legs spread wide apart, not even bothering to close her thighs for modesty's sake, floods and floods of her hot, urgent, steaming, hissing, pale silvery-yellow pee came cascading out, splashing against the bowl, while hot subsidiary pee-streams (diverted from their course by damp, matted, inconveniently-placed black pubic curls) sprayed sideways against Miranda's bare thighs or even ran up and soaked the hairy cleft of her bare bum. Then she remarked, "Ooh! I'll bet that feels good, doesn't it!"

"Oh God, not half!" breathed Miranda. "Honestly, Jenny, it's like a bloody orgasm! It was all I could think of, stuck under that bloody drier for ages just bursting, like I was - counting the minutes until I could be sitting on the loo somewhere, having a wee! Oh God, Jenny, I was sitting there just praying and praying to be able to go for a wee! Oh Jenny, I've just been praying for this wee for hours!"

"Ooh!" responded Jenny with feeling. "Just wait till we're having our coffee and I tell you about the time it happened to me - honestly, Miranda, there I was, sitting under the drier frantic, just about doing the loo in my pants, not able to keep still for a single second, bouncing up and down, sweat running in rivers all down my bum inside my panties, able to think of nothing except for toilets and hurrying somewhere for a wee, just about peeing my knickers! And it didn't even have a happy ending either, when I finally made it home, thanks to that kinky bastard Dave! I didn't realise it at all at the time, but he deliberately delayed me when I got back until I lost control and started peeing my pants!"

"Ooh! You'll have to tell me more!" said Miranda, whose stream was now dwindling in force as she reached the end of her much- needed wee. But as she said this, Miranda's sharp eyes suddenly noticed that Jenny's thighs seemed to be working uneasily together, and she asked, "Are you needing a pee badly now as well, Jenny?"

"Yes!" said Jenny. "Too right I am! I didn't really need one before - well, I did, but only a bit, nothing out of the ordinary, there was no hurry - but watching you in the car and then seeing you sitting peeing away there suddenly brought it on with a vengeance! Ooooh! Come on, girl - hurry up, wipe yourself and get off that seat!" While Miranda grabbed a handful of paper and wiped her furry, soaking pussy, and then another handful of paper and wiped the insides of her thighs and down her legs (which were still dripping with pee), Jenny hoisted up her skirt and pulled down her knickers in readiness.

Then she stood in front of Miranda, naked from just below the waist to just above the knee, revealing her shapely white bare thighs and her glorious, coppery-red bush, rubbing away gently at her pee-hole with the fingers of her right hand. She wasn't, of course, really absolutely desperate in the way Miranda had been, because there had been no real build-up, but she did still suddenly need to go very, very badly indeed - the powers of suggestion are quite amazing! For a minute or so Miranda wiped away at her wet pussy luxuriously while Jenny jiggled around and rubbed at herself with increasing urgency, making little oohing sounds and little hissing intakes of breath. When she had at last finished, however, Miranda still made no move to get off the seat but instead said jokingly, "Maybe I'll just sit here for a while and rest my bum on the loo seat while we chat!"

"Ooh! Don't you dare, girl!" said Jenny, bending over in sheer agony with her gorgeously bare bum waving in the air (although she was standing facing Miranda as she jiggled around, Miranda could still see the reflection of Jenny's sexy bare bum in the bathroom wall-mirror!) and thrusting both hands firmly between her legs. "You're as bad as Dave! Just you move, and let me in there!" But for a moment or so Miranda made no move, relishing the sight of Jenny's jiggling, and feeling a curious throb in her pussy because of her friend's predicament. Then she relented.

But as she stood up and half turned round as if to flush the loo, Jenny (whose tortured thighs were now working and twining together constantly) said beseechingly, "No - don't even bother to flush it! Ooh! Ssss! OOOH! Oh God, Miranda, it's suddenly got really urgent, and either the sound of it'll make me start peeing on the floor or, if I sit down while it's flushing, I'll get my bum all sprayed!" Miranda accordingly vacated the loo seat, took off her knickers and stockings (which had been round her knees as she sat) and went over to the sink and started washing herself while Jenny gratefully sat down and started peeing noisily (noticing as she did so that the seat was all wet with Miranda's pee, which had splashed and spurted out with such force that the whole seat was running with it!).

As Jenny's hot steaming pee hissed loudly into the bowl, Miranda filled the sink with hot soapy water and, borrowing Jenny's flannel, washed herself carefully between the legs, down her thighs and round the base of her glorious bare bum. Then she soaped and thoroughly washed her profuse curly black pubic bush, which had been all damp and matted with mingled sweat and pee. As Miranda dried herself with a towel, Jenny finished her pee and wiped herself (including her thighs and bum, which had got quite wet from the splashes of Miranda's desperate pee which had been lying in little puddles on the seat!). Then she got up, flushed the loo, washed her hands at the sink, dried them, patted Miranda on her invitingly bare bum in a friendly, intimate fashion, and said, "Come on, girl! Let's get you some clean knickers and stockings! Just leave those wet ones in the laundry-basket. I'll do them with the next wash. You just come through to the bedroom with me!"

"OK, and - thanks, Jenny!" said Miranda. "Thanks for saving my life back there! I - I really was in a terrible pickle when I met you! I just know I'd never have made it to that further-away Ladies if you hadn't offered to help!"

"That's OK!" smiled Jenny. "What are friends for, after all? A friend in need, eh?"

She moved over to Miranda and kissed her affectionately on the cheek. Miranda then hugged and kissed Jenny warmly in response, as they stood facing each other with their bare thighs and their curly pubic bushes brushing unashamedly against each other (Jenny's a glorious coppery red, Miranda's a profuse, curly black which stood out by contrast not only with Jenny's tufty, fluffy red bush but also with her own creamy-white bare thighs) and their hands lightly resting on each other's beautiful, soft, rounded, bare, very feminine bums.

"God, Jenny, you really did save my life, you know!" Miranda softly whispered with immense feeling, unconsciously rubbing her gradually-moistening little pussy against Jenny's as she did so. "Or my knickers, anyway! Honest, Jenny, if I ever meet YOU in the street nearly weeing your knickers, I'll try to do the same for you! Count on me!" In friendly fashion, Jenny slipped her hand down and affectionately cupped Miranda's warm, furry, moistening little pussy in her fingers.

"Girls together against the world, eh? It's when you're stranded a mile away from the nearest Ladies and you're standing there all helpless and you're just about weeing your knickers in the street that you find out who your real friends are! But we've always been on peeing terms, you and I, haven't we - even since schooldays! Ooh! Looking back on it, most of Sixth Form seemed to consist of the two of us sitting side by side at our double desk in class, praying for the bell to ring, just about doing the loo in our knickers!

Girls in our school always seemed to spend half their time absolutely bursting to wee, didn't they? Dozens of 18-year-old girls sitting in class praying for the lesson to finish because they were absolutely bursting to go and weren't allowed to be excused even though they were just about doing the loo in their pants! And remember how when we were coming back from school one or other of us always seemed to be desperate, and we'd hurry upstairs to the bathroom - assuming that bastard Steve wasn't around, of course - and whoever it was would sit weeing away on the loo while the other perched on the bath, chatting?"

"Ooh! Yes!" murmured Miranda. "We were always so busy chatting that we always used to pee in front of each other in whichever of each other's houses we were in! And sometimes - remember - we'd come racing back from school, both of us practically weeing our knickers as we ran up the path, and we'd charge upstairs to the bathroom and whoever got there first took the loo seat and the other would sit with her bum perched on the edge, weeing into the bath! Gosh, it didn't half tickle, doing it that way, as the pee ran up towards the back of your pussy and along your arse! And then - ooh! - if we were feeling really naughty we'd sometimes wipe each other afterwards, pretending we were actually helping each other and not just taking the chance to grope at and feel up each other's bare pussies!"

"Mmm!" said Jenny. "And remember how when we were out for walks, and we'd have competitions to see how long we could hold on, and then we'd just crouch side by side and pull the crotch of our knickers to one side and let fly with floods of pee? Or that time I was staying over at your house after a party when we were in Sixth Form and we were sharing that old double bed, and we both woke up in the morning absolutely dying to pee and your older sister was in the bathroom and we lay curled up together for ages playing with each other, trying to keep the pee in?" After a good few more of such intimate, sexy female peeing reminiscences they disengaged from their friendly embrace, Jenny patted Miranda's sexy bare bum affectionately, and then she started to lead Miranda through to the bedroom.

But both of them had secretly begun to feel rather aroused at the whole situation, to the extent that during the latter stages of their conversation about their memories of peeing in each other's presence they'd been unconsciously fondling each other's rapidly moistening bare pussies and bare bums.

Although Jenny and Miranda were very old friends, and had often seen each other naked, watched each other pee, watched each other masturbate or even masturbated each other during their later years in school and their first year in college (where they'd shared a room before they both found steady boyfriends at around the same time) it was two or three years since either of them had actually watched another girl peeing openly or been in the company of another girl while they were both of them quite naked from the waist down. Moreover, after all that had taken place therein, the bathroom had been fairly reeking of fresh-scented soap mingled with the musky, heady smell of desperate female pee and healthy young adult female pussy.

And both Miranda and Jenny were extremely attractive and highly-sexed young women . . . ! What's more, an extremely urgent need to pee does tend to stimulate the female nerve-ends, and so both of them by now felt quite excited and "naughty" and "rude". So it wasn't wholly surprising that Jenny decided after having her pee that she too would change her knickers and stockings (which meant taking them off in the bathroom and walking through to the bedroom naked from the waist down, like Miranda), or that, once they were there, they showed no modest, bashful urgency about changing in a hurry! But it was Miranda, who had followed behind Jenny through the hall admiring (in spite of herself) Jenny's shapely, curvaceous, very female bare bum wiggling around blatantly in front of her, who took the first step.

Sitting on the bed, she motioned Jenny to sit down on the chair facing her and said with barely-suppressed excitement, "Tell me about the time _you_ were stuck there just bursting to wee under the drier, Jenny! Go on!" Jenny didn't need much prompting, and so she began to tell Miranda the long, excruciating saga you already know. [It's an earlier chapter of Jenny's adventures, which I haven't sent yet!] As Jenny did so, Miranda's face grew flushed, her breathing grew shallower and more rapid, and her hand began to stray between her legs. "Show me how you were sitting, Jenny!" she urged. Again, Jenny needed very little prompting. Eagerly, she wriggled and squirmed and bounced on her bare bum on the chair while she clutched and rubbed at herself between her legs with her right hand.

"Ooh!" she breathed. "There I was, trapped helplessly under the drier, absolutely bursting to wee, wriggling around like _this_!"

"How did you feel, Jenny? How did you feel?" urged Miranda eagerly. "Tell me all about - oooh! - how bursting and desperate you were!"

"Ooh!" Jenny breathed, still bouncing vigorously up and down on the seat and rubbing away at herself furiously in imitation of how she had sat during her desperate plight. "Oh God, Miranda, I was sitting there trapped under the drier absolutely bursting to wee, helpless, frantic, sweating, panicking, praying and praying to be set free so that I could race off for a wee!"

"And what happened then?" asked Miranda breathlessly. Jenny, still rubbing away at herself, recounted the story of her journey back and how she'd found the sideboard across the loo door, while Miranda quite openly sat with her legs apart, masturbating away furiously as she listened to Jenny's recital.

Then, as she described Dave's pretended efforts to clear her path to the loo while he was in fact merely spinning out her agony, Miranda (whose face was by now scarlet, and whose hand was a blur as she rubbed away at herself between her legs) groaned, "Oooh! I wish I'd seen you!" Then she lay back, her thighs wide apart and her hand masturbating away frenziedly between them, and gasped, "Oooh! I'd love to have seen you having to struggle and struggle and struggle to keep control and then you can't wait another second and you - ooh! oooooh! - lose control and start - ohh! ohhhhh! - weeing your knickers!!"

As she said this, she suddenly moaned, bucked, went rigid, gave a strangled little cry as she reached orgasm, and collapsed - lying on the bed, her hand now by her side, revealing in full view to Jenny her wet, moist, furry, glistening, engorged, satiated little pussy as she did so. After a moment she looked up, with an aghast, ashamed expression on her face. "I - I'm sorry, Jenny!" she mumbled. "I - I don't know what came over me there! I just - I just suddenly felt so excited! I don't know what you must think of me . . . "

She looked very tearful, as if she were going to start sobbing any minute. Jenny, however, hurried over to her, sat down beside her and put her arm round her, revelling as she did so in the heady smell of Miranda's still extremely aroused pussy! "Don't be silly!" she said. "It's hardly the first time I've seen you doing that, is it? What about all those times in each other's bedrooms after school, both of us with our hands down inside our school knickers, rubbing busily away as we fantasised about boys we fancied? And how we used to watch each other pee, and touch each other's boobs and even slyly feel each other between our legs? And what about all those times in first year in college?

Remember that night when you were going out with that big-mouthed Paul, and you'd both been necking for hours in his car, and you'd got really excited and said he could - could, you know, DO it, because you wanted it really badly as well, and the stupid idiot was in such a state that he came in floods all over your stockings as he was trying to put on the Durex, and you came back and you were nearly in tears with frustration and disappointment, and I said just to go ahead and you brought yourself off three times in half an hour, cursing him all the time as you did it in very unladylike fashion?" Miranda giggled through her tears, and returned Jenny's affectionate embrace warmly.

"Besides," Jenny continued, speaking more rapidly and breathlessly, "you've got ME all aroused now! And - fair's fair, isn't it . . . ?" As she said this, she took Miranda's hand in her own and placed it between her legs. After a few seconds' hesitation, Miranda began to stimulate Jenny expertly while with one hand Jenny felt Miranda's sopping pussy and with the other she caressed between the cheeks of Miranda's beautiful, soft, curvaceous bare bum. For about ten minutes at least, Miranda masturbated Jenny, expertly bringing her to the brink, then away from it, then right back to the brink again, and finally allowing her to come with a shattering, shuddering, moaning orgasm.

Then they went through to the kitchen (both of them still naked from the waist down, but the kitchen wasn't overlooked, so that no-one could see them) and Miranda sat with her bare bum on Jenny's lap while they consumed mug after brimming mug of coffee and exchanged blushing confidences about the toilet tortures which Dave forced Jenny to endure, and reminisced about times further back - about the electric sexual atmosphere there had been among some of the Sixth-Form girls; about the Head Girl Kate's crush on Jenny (which Miranda had had a fair inkling of, but which Jenny, being a highly sexed but at the time rather naive girl, hadn't even suspected).

About the unspoken and, at the time, all but unrecognised schoolgirlish urges which had caused them, as 18- year-old Sixth-Formers, so to enjoy peeing in front of each other, feeling each other's boobs and even making shy attempts to masturbate each other; about their early experiences with boys; about the picnic and the tying-up incident (which you've heard about already); and about Jenny's one and only sexual encounter with her toilet-torturing cousin Steve, which had taken place when Jenny, aged 20 and between boyfriends, was staying overnight at Steve's flat when his two flatmates were away and Steve, aged 24 and between girlfriends, had met her off the coach after a particularly agonising five-hour journey! (You'll hear that story later!) 

After an hour or so's conversation along these lines Jenny and Miranda were not only needing a wee again quite badly (thanks to all the coffee!) but had also become extremely excited once more. "Ooh! Jenny!" giggled Miranda. "Remember that time at the end of Sixth Form when we were on that joint outing with the Boys' Grammar, and we were all in that coach in our school uniforms, boys at the front, girls at the back, and towards the end of the journey the two of us were bouncing up and down on the seat side by side, absolutely bursting to pee, nearly weeing our knickers?"

"Ooh! Miranda! How could I ever forget!" giggled Jenny reminiscently. "And we both had our hands up our very short grey school skirts, rubbing away at ourselves through the front of our knickers, and you said that it might help if we swapped hands and did it to each other, and we did, and I could feel the crotch of your knickers all soaking with wee when I put my hand up your skirt? And then you slipped your fingers under the elastic of my knicker-crotch and started rubbing my bare pussy, and you asked, 'Does that make it feel any better?' and I said, 'No, but it feels bloody marvellous, just the same!'" Miranda giggled delightedly.

"Yes, and then you did the same thing to me, you naughty girl, and it DID feel bloody marvellous! And we sat there for nearly a quarter of an hour like that, nearly peeing ourselves, our fingers worming around eagerly under the elastic of each other's school knickers, until the coach finally stopped at that wood and we hobbled off it as fast as we could, with all the boys trying to block the gangway to stop us getting past because they knew we were in a terrible panic, frantic to pee, nearly weeing our knickers, and there were about 30 girls all scurrying around desperately trying to find cover to crouch down and have a pee, and the two of us crouched down side by side behind that bush and tore our knickers down and half-squatted there, our bare bums and thighs touching, peeing frantically away! And then we heard that rustle in the bushes and a whisper, 'Cor! That girl Jenny really does have red pubes!' and we knew that a couple of the boys were watching us!"

"Yes!" Jenny snorted with delight. "And then you said in quite a loud voice, 'So what? Good old-fashioned black ones not good enough for you then, mate?' and the poor boy blurted out, 'God! They've seen us!' and he and his mates all ran off, like a herd of elephants charging through the bushes!" By this time, however, both Jenny and Miranda were again desperate to wee, and Miranda's sweaty bare bum was rubbing backwards and forwards very energetically against Jenny's lap. (Jenny was finding this distinctly arousing - but the weight and pressure of Miranda's bare and busily-bouncing bottom was also wreaking dreadful havoc on Jenny's by now very distended bladder!) Miranda then whispered in Jenny's ear, "Jenny?"

"Yes?"

"Were you - were you excited when I was desperate for a pee earlier on?"

"Yes!" whispered Jenny. "I have to admit that I was! Ooh! That bloody Dave! I'd never have believed it until recently, but - yes, I was! It must be bloody catching!" Miranda then whispered eagerly and conspiratorially, "Why should the boys have all the fun? Let's - ooh, Jenny, let's put on some of your old school knickers and pretend that we're a couple of Sixth Formers again, desperate for the loo and not allowed to be excused!"

And so for the next half hour Jenny and Miranda sat side by side, wriggling and squirming away, getting more and more desperate, whimpering with agony, kneading and clutching their pussies, until finally they both peed their knickers on their seats. Then they were so excited that they lay down on the kitchen floor in the 69 position, sucking and tonguing each other through their pee-drenched knickers, revelling in the taste of each other's salty pee and flowing juices) until they came in a wonderful simultaneous orgasm. (Girls can manage these things better!)

To recount the details of how they then had to clean up the kitchen floor and have a shower would be tedious, although it was notable that somehow in the shower they felt the need to soap each other for rather longer than usual, especially between their legs. Suffice it to say that when Dave returned he found Jenny ready for him, and Chris was surprised at his enthusiastic reception when _he_ got home to Miranda. And it will also be no surprise that Jenny and Miranda made another date for coffee (!) before Miranda left. After all, old friends should keep in frequent _touch_, shouldn't they?!

