A date with a problem
	Posted on March 1, 2019
By George Private

Yukiko was a very pretty 18-year old Japanese school girl, living with her parents in a suburb to Osaka, doing her last year in school. Not surprisingly, many of the boys in her class had a crush on the pretty schoolgirl, and a few had tried to ask her out, but Yukiko was very “boy-shy” and always said no.

Until finally one of the boys, Miko, who Yukiko perhaps was a bit secretly fond of herself, got a shy “Okay” when he asked her to come with him into central Osaka the following Sunday afternoon. To go out during the daytime maybe seemed a bit more innocent than going out with a boy at night, to Yukiko. Little did she know that her date with Miko would end in a not so innocent and highly embarrassing way for her.

They met at the local train station where they lived a little before 11 o’clock the following Sunday, in order to take the commuter train into central Osaka. The suburb where they lived was rather distant, so it would take the train a little more than an hour to reach Osaka central station. Miko tried to strike up a conversation with the shy Yukiko during the train ride, but it was not so easy, and both maybe felt a bit awkward. Things would improve, however, as they got into town where there were many things to see and do, and thus easier to find things to talk about.

As they got to Osaka, they would mostly just gallivant around, looking at the street life and the shops in the city centre, and then spending some time in a park where they could sit or lay down in the grass next to each other, like a young loving couple. After a couple of hours, they started to feel hungry, and went to a cafeteria to have sandwiches, some snacks, and tea to drink, which Miko paid for.

Having finished the eating and drinking, Miko took the chance to use the toilet of the cafeteria. A bit shyly, he asked Yukiko if she did not want to do the same thing. Yukiko had started to feel a certain urge in her bladder, and thus been careful not to drink too much tea, but when Miko asked her about using the toilet before they left, she shyly shook her head. Yukiko was not only “boy-shy” but also “pee-shy”. Especially, the combination of those two shynesses, the thought of having to use the toilet while being out with a boy, made her very embarrassed. The urge was not very strong and persistent, so she thought that she could probably hold out over the day until she got back home. Hopefully, they would not spend too much more time in Osaka before returning home again. She had told Miko already that she had promised her parents to be home for Sunday dinner.

But after they had left the cafeteria, Miko continued to gallivant around and look into shops for another couple of hours. He then wondered if they should go and watch a movie. Yukiko shook her head. She reminded him that she was supposed to be back for dinner. Besides, by now, her bladder had really started to become full (although she did not tell Miko that), and she knew that the train ride home would also take at least one hour, maybe more if they first had to wait for the train a long time. And the commuter trains did not have toilets on board. Using the toilets at the train station she wanted to avoid, and same with cinema toilets, even if they had decided to go for a movie.

Miko accepted her “No”, and agreed that it was maybe time to head home. They started to walk towards the train station, but it took them almost half an hour to reach there, since they had been quite far away from it. As they started to get closer to the station, Yukiko became increasingly aware about the mounting pressure in her bladder. By now, it had really started to become painful. She realized that she probably would have to use the restrooms at the station, before they got onto the train, even though she would feel very embarrassed about it in front of Miko. She tried to think what phrases she would use for excusing herself when they got to the station, and left him to go to the restrooms, that would be least embarrassing and least obvious what she needed to do. But the alternative, to endure the one-hour train ride plus some additional walking and wait until she got home, seemed more and more impossible, considering how full her bladder was already.

Finally, they got to the station. It was almost 17 now, she would not be home until after 18. It also depended on when the next train would leave, on Sundays there would only be one train per hour out to where Miko and Yukiko lived, not one every ten minutes or so as during rush hours on weekdays. Miko looked at the displays for departing commuter trains, while Yukiko looked in the direction where the station restrooms were, trying to come up with a suitable phrase so she could excuse herself and go there and finally relieve herself.

“Oh, there is a train leaving in just one or two minutes”, Miko shouted and shook Yukiko. “Let’s hurry”. He set off, and Yukiko tried to follow as fast as she could with her aching bladder. None of them wanted to wait one hour for the next train. But on the other hand, Yukiko was almost desperate to use a toilet by now. She tried to shout something to Miko, but he was already ahead of her and did not hear what she said. She had to follow. Maybe, she thought, there was a slim chance this was a new train with toilets on board; she had read that they were going to introduce such trains on the longer commuter lines, too which the one she lived along belonged.

With a very slim margin, they reached the train just in time. Miko waited in the doorway of the last carriage as Yukiko caught up, and they both went in and found some seats, sitting opposite each other next to a window. Yukiko looked around, but to her disappointment this was an old train of the normal type, and no toilet was to be seen.

The doors closed and the train started to pick up speed. Yukiko knew she was trapped inside it for at least one hour with her date and an aching bladder that wanted to relieve itself as soon as possible, but had no such possibility. Peeing herself, as she had done once on a train journey with her parents a few years ago, was not an option giving her age and the fact that she was now travelling with a boy of her own age, a classmate that she would meet each day at school. She just had to hold herself and endure until she got home.

But things would get worse! Japanese trains are known for their punctuality, but this time, after a couple of station stops, the train suddenly slowed down and came to a halt in the middle of the line. After a couple of minutes, the driver announced through the loudspeakers that they would have to remain there for some time, due to ongoing repair works in front of them. Yukiko moaned, but otherwise did not say a word, as she was concentrating fully on composing herself and hold her bladder. How long would they be sitting here? She could hardly sit still, and was starting to squirm and fidget in her seat, in front of Miko.

It was inevitable that Miko would start noticing how uneasy she seemed. “Are you allright?”, he asked after some time. “Uh, Uuhh” was the only answer he got from Yukiko, both the first and the second time he asked. But the third time, after he said “What’s the matter, Yukiko? I can see you are not allright, you seem very uneasy”, she blushed and said in a strained voice “Sorry, I need to pee very badly. I do not know how long time more I can hold it”. “I could see that”, Miko said. “Try to think of something else. Hopefully, the train will start moving soon again, and you will get home”.

They did not say anything more for a while. After about fifteen minutes, the train started to move again slowly. Yukiko moaned and groaned in agony from her bladder, as the train started shaking. In that way, it had been better when they were not moving. Her legs had started trembling because of her filled bladder. She pulled at her skirt, as if that would help. At least, Miko would perhaps not notice how her legs were trembling.

As they were slowing down again and approaching the next station, Yukiko hesitantly opened her mouth and said in an embarrassed tone: “Please, can we get off at this station and look for a toilet, I do not think I can hold it until we get home”. “Of course” said Miko, “Let’s get off here and find you a toilet”.

Miko got up and got towards the doors. Yukiko remained seated until the train came to a full stop at the platform, worried what may happen if she stood up and the train made a jerk before stopping. She then composed herself, stood up and followed Miko out on the platform, all the time concentrating on squeezing the muscles around her pee-hole really tight, so nothing would leak. Miko walked towards the back end exit of the platform, with Yukiko hobbling after. Hopefully, there would be some shops and a public toilet when they got out on the street!

But this turned out to be really a back exit, or back entrance to the station, the main entrance with shops and services being in the other directions. Here, it was only a small kiosk that was closed on Sundays (so no possibility to borrow a toilet there). Otherwise, this was a plain residential area, with private houses behind walls and fences. No public toilet at the station entrance, not even a urinal in sight (if Yukiko would have been so desperate so she would have tried to use one?).

None of them knew this area. Miko suggested that they should walk along the road towards the other station entrance. Perhaps that was a bigger entrance with a public toilet, or some shops or a restaurant or cafeteria that was open on Sundays, where she could ask to borrow a toilet. They set off in that direction, although it was not easy for poor Yukiko to walk fast, even though she needed to get to a toilet fast. Sometimes she had to stop to bend over or cross her legs, with Miko looking worried at her (or was he rather excited about pretty Yukiko almost about to pee herself?). As she walked, she had to hold her hand in the front of her skirt, and press it in between her thighs to hold back the pee that was almost coming out through her pussy. Luckily enough, this was a quite area with no one except Miko on the street to see her in her delicate and desperate situation, and perhaps a few car drivers passing by that may notice something.

But somehow the road bent in another direction, leaving the vicinity of the station. They tried to take a side road instead, but only seemed to get more lost. This was not an area with straight streets and square-shaped house blocks, where it would be relatively easy to keep direction. This was a housing area with villas and narrow winding roads, where orientation was difficult. And nowhere any shop or public place where it may be possible to knock on the door and ask to borrow a toilet, only private villas. Yukiko was really feeling desperate. How much longer could she hold out before she would start peeing herself, in front of Miko?

Finally, they saw a small park with a playground and some trees and bushes at the end of the road they were walking. Maybe there would be a public toilet in the park. And, if not, there would at least be a chance for poor Yukiko to squat behind some bushes. They continued towards the small park. As they got there, Miko suggested to Yukiko that she should go behind the bushes next to the footpath through the park and relieve herself. Yukiko was hesitating and looked very embarrassed at the sheer thought of doing so, but realized she might not have any alternative if there was no toilet nearby, or she would pee herself in front of Miko soon.

They walked a bit further into the park, Yukiko with her hand pressed between her legs, looking around for a suitable hidden spot surrounded by bushes on all sides, where she could possibly squat and relieve her aching and overfilled bladder. But then Miko spotted what seemed to be an old toilet building at the other end of the footpath. They continued in that direction. Yes! There was a sign saying “Public restrooms” pointing towards the small building. Yukiko hobbled towards the end of the building where another sign said “Ladies”, with Miko now following after.

But the door to the Ladies department was closed and locked, with a sign saying “Out of order”. Yukiko pulled the handle in desperation with one hand, holding the other between her legs, but the door was locked. Now, so close to the goal, she could feel a small leak in her underpants, making them a bit damp in the front. What should she do now?

Miko saw that the door on the other side, the Gents department was open. “You will have to use the Gents toilet”, he said to Yukiko, “unless you want to go back and use the bushes instead. But do not worry, I will keep an eye so nobody else gets in while you are there”.

Yukiko had no choice, or rather, she had three choices: peeing herself, squat behind the bushes, or use the male toilet. Of these, she preferred the last option, even if it also felt embarrassing for a girl like Yukiko, being both “boy-shy” and “pee-shy”. She hobbled around the building and peeked through the door into the men’s restroom. It had one toilet cubicle behind a second door, and two open urinals along the wall. She went in and pulled the handle to the second door.

It was locked! Or rather, it was occupied, and locked! Yukiko was shaking the door in desperation, and shouting “Please come out, I have to pee now, hurry, I can’t hold myself anymore, it’s coming in my panties… “.

It was no exaggeration, she could feel some more pee leaking out through her pussy into her underpants, making them increasingly damp in the front. There were some sounds from inside, and someone grunted angrily. A man’s voice. Miko came in to help Yukiko. “Please, hurry up in there, my girlfriend is about to pee herself, she has to get in and use the toilet”. Maybe it was a bit premature by Miko to call Yukiko his girlfriend already, and a bit indiscrete to say that she was about to pee herself, but at least the latter was true. There was some more grunting from inside. “I am using the toilet! Leave me alone! Why can’t she go to the ladies side?” a man’s voice said. Miko explained that the ladies restroom was closed and out of function. “Okay, if she is in such a hurry, then she can use one of the urinals outside. She only has to pee, has she?”, the man inside said.

They looked around at the two urinal bowls hanging next to each on the wall, opposite the wash basin. This seemed to be the only option left for Yukiko now. “Try to use one of those”, Miko said. I stay guard outside so nobody else comes. He moved back to the doorway, but placed himself in such a way that he could both keep an eye outside and an eye on Yukiko through the mirror above the wash basin, as she hobbled towards the nearest urinal, with her left hand tucking in her skirt in the front, pressing it in between the thighs to prevent further leakage.

For natural reasons, she had never used a men’s urinal before, and was not sure how to do. But she was desperate, she could feel some more leakage, and was about to pee herself massively any second. She put her back towards the wall, facing the room, and tried to spread her legs on either side of the urinal bowl, placing her bottom right over the bowl. With one hand, she pulled up her skirt in the back, so it would not hang down into the bowl and she would pee on it and make it wet. With the other hand, she tried to pull down her underpants as much as she could, both in the front and in the back, but not further than that they would be hidden behind the skirt in the front, should anyone see her. She was very careful to leave her blue skirt hanging down in the front, so nothing could be seen of what she was doing.

Then she tried to pee. But although she had been leaking several times, and felt as she was going to explode, nothing would come! Maybe it was because she was very uncertain about how to use the urinal and worried that much of her urine would flow down her legs, into her panties or onto her skirt, or down on the floor instead of into the urinal bowl. Or maybe as a pee-shy girl she was too embarrassed about the whole situation and worried that Miko or the man inside the toilet cubicle would come and see her. Or maybe she had simply been holding it too long, and now had problems relaxing her pee muscles.

Poor Yukiko tried to relax her muscles and shifted position a bit back and forth in order to find the best and most relaxing position. “How is it going?” she could hear Miko asking from the entrance door. He was watching Yukiko’s efforts through the wash basin mirror, although she was not aware of that. Yukiko did not want to answer. There was some trickle, and some more trickle. Then, she could hear a flushing sound from inside the toilet cubicle. That somehow triggered her flow. There was a gush of urine, and after what had felt like eternity to Yukiko (maybe a minute in reality) her stream started to flow steadily. Most of it seemed to get into the bowl between her thighs, although some of it splashed on the floor or got into her pulled-down underpants.

Just then, the door to the toilet cubicle opened and a man came out. He looked with surprise on the pretty teenage girl in front of him who was actually standing across one of the urinals and peeing. Yukiko, in shock, tried to stop the flow through her pee hole by squeezing her muscles around it to the maximum, while she pulled up her underpants with one hand and held down her skirt with the other. She was still standing across the urinal. But once it had started, it was now impossible for her to stop and control her flow. In spite of all her efforts in squeezing her muscles, there was a gush of urine in her underpants, and yet another gush, and then the floodgates opened again, but this time into her underpants, and in front of both the toilet man and Miko, who had been coming in as the toilet man came out, and as she saw Yukiko pulling up her underwear, thinking that she was done.

Both Miko and the toilet man could not help staring at her, as her pee soaked her underpants completely, before either gushing down on the floor between her feet or into the urinal bowl. This was Yukiko’s most humiliating moment ever, and the most embarrassing way to end her first date with a boy in her class she could ever have imagined!
