Lunambra 3-3

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Three - Separation

Queen Jenara exhaled slowly, her thoughts focused on her throbbing bladder. The colossal quantity of water she drank at dawn was doing its best to escape her, but she had no intention of letting it win any time soon. A massive empty jug lay on the wardrobe beside her bed, having once contained all the water that she had inside of her now. She lay in her ornate bed with her left hand on her breast and her legs raised and squeezed together, curling the toes on her left foot. Her bladder protruded out over her hips, clearly visible against the light stone walls of her chamber walls.

It was nearly noon, and she would have to get downstairs and do her job soon. But it felt so good. She reached down and slid a single finger inside of herself, rubbing side to side against her special spot. Her legs shook from pleasure and desperation, and she was on the verge of finishing when there was a powerful knock on her chamber's door.

Her eyes went wide and she dropped her legs, sitting up quickly and pulling her blankets around her. "Who is that? You know that nobody is allowed up here without being summoned."

"Gaston," a voice said simply. She sighed and pulled the blankets tighter around her legs and chest.

"Enter," she groaned. The door opened and the man stepped through, looking exceedingly disheveled. His medium-length brown hair was tussled and dirty, one eye was black and bleeding, and there was a large, round bruise in the center of his forehead. "What in God's name has happened to you?" she blustered, looking concerned.

YOUR SON," he shouted. "I went to him this morning to scold him for misconduct during wartime, and I heard noises from his balcony. I tried going out to investigate, and he held me back twice. I finally made my way onto the balcony, and that's when I saw it. There was a peasant woman, athletic build, red hair, completely nude from the waist down, and she was...she-"

"Get it out, Gaston," Jenara said, her brow furrowing.

"She was making water right outside of Baeden's window. At first I thought she had climbed up there and intended it as an act of vandalism, and I planned to punish her for trespassing on Royal grounds, not to mention the lewdness of it. And that's when Baeden attacked me, without any warning. Armor is a disadvantage in hand-to-hand combat, slows you down, and I'm ashamed to admit that he managed to knock me unconscious. When I woke up, he and the whore were gone, and footprints led towards the castle gate."

Jenara just sat there with her mouth hanging slightly open. "Baeden is gone?" she asked softly.

"Yes, my Queen," Gaston confirmed. "I have no idea what the meaning of it is, but he appears to be fleeing the city."

Jenara threw the blanket off and stood, exposing herself fully to Gaston. With an iron will, he kept his gaze at head-level as she strode across the room and opened her wardrobe. She pulled out a light blue dress with corset and an underskirt. "Help me," she said to Gaston.

"That would not be proper, and I have no idea how to put a woman's dress on her. I will fetch a serving girl," the General said.

"There is no time to be 'proper', and it's no different than lacing up armor. Now help me," Jenara ordered. Gaston sighed and stepped towards her. He grasped one of the underskirts and held it open as she stepped into it. He quickly tied up the back, thinking it was indeed much like tying greaves. He reached for the corset next, but Jenara waved his hand away. "That would take too long and there's no need for it," she said, pressing her legs together under the skirt.

"Milady, despite the circumstances, you are still the Queen of Lunambra. Running about the city in improper attire would only serve to humiliate you and upset the citizens."

"Yes, yes," Jenara reluctantly. She raised her arms above her head, and Gaston pulled the torturous garment around her middle. She stood there, glaring forward with impatience as he laced the back of the corset. Finally, he gave the strings a hard tug. Jenara squeezed her eyes shut as the corset pulled tight against her abdomen, pushing her inflated bladder.

She heard Gaston give a frustrated sigh. "It won't close all the way," he mumbled.

"I must have gained a bit of weight," Jenara lied. "As I said before, the corset really isn't-" She was cut off as Gaston gave the ropes another huge pull, and the garment wrapped itself around her. She closed her eyes tightly in an effort to contain her pee until the sudden pressure settled down. The blue dress came next, and while his knots were basic and utilitarian, they worked well enough. Fully dressed now, she hid her bed hair in a wide hat, knowing that Gaston would have no hope of managing it even if he had all the time in the world.

"Are you ready, my Queen?" Gaston asked. "Have you need of your chamberpot?"

Jenara glared at him. "Watch your words, General. We have wasted too much time already, so get moving." Gaston bowed low and turned, quickly striding out of the chamber. Jenara followed, completely ignoring the way her privates throbbed with every step. It was a long walk down the castle stairs and through the courtyard. Gaston had stopped for a few minutes to explain the situation to his personal guard, and Jenara used the opportunity to squeeze herself under her dress a couple of times behind the cover of the door. I picked a bad day to play this game, she thought. Had she had a moment of privacy after learning of Baeden's disappearance, she would have relieved herself immediately. But she could obviously do no such thing in Gaston's presence, nor let him know what it was she needed. She would handle it while Gaston organized a search party later in the day.

Gaston exited the room them, with six armed and armored guards in tow. "Let us move on to the city," he said. Soon they were approaching the castle gates. Gaston stopped upon seeing they were closed and barred, and ten castle guards stood in front of them. "What is the meaning of this?" Gaston barked, striding towards them.

One of the ten stepped forwards. "Gaston, Sir," he said with a bow. "I do not know why, but Prince Baeden himself has issued a military order to us. We are not to let you through this gate."

"BAEDEN HAS FLED THE CITY!" Gaston roared in the guard's face.

The smaller man stepped back, flinching, but did not move aside. "A military order from the Prince cannot be overruled by anyone. Not you, not even the Queen. It is the highest responsibility a Soldier can carry. If he issued such an order, I can only believe that you have betrayed Lunambra in some way." The guard's right hand began to cross his waist, aiming for the hilt of his broadsword.

Queen Jenara closed her eyes and looked away, but the continuous screams and crashes painted a vivid and violent picture in her mind. Over a minute later it fell silent, and she opened her eyes to a scene of carnage. Each of the ten guards were splayed out in the grass, battered and bloody, but alive and writhing. Gaston stood in the center of them, brushing off his tabard with his his left gauntlet. In his right he was holding his own sword over his shoulder, but he had it held by the blade itself, gripped tightly in his steel grasp.

Gaston looked up to Jenara, catching her eyeing his unusual stance. "Mordhau," Gaston said to her. "Originally a German technique. Good for both bashing through armor, and taking down opponents without killing them outright. Best have gauntlets on though, or you're not going to have a good time with it."

"That isn't why I'm looking at you like this," Jenara said. "I'm just wondering how it is that you just defeated ten trained and armed guards with the back end of a sword, when my son brought you to ground with his bare hands."

Gaston pursed his lips. "Firstly, he caught me completely off-guard. He got the first strike in, and it put me at a disadvantage. Second, he had no armor on. He was faster than me. These guards were wearing armor, so it was a fair fight." Jenara ignored the fact that Gaston considered ten versus one as 'fair'. Gaston looked away from the Queen. "Finally, the last sight I had before he jumped me was that of a young woman with her privates out as she pissed on the floor, so damn me if I wasn't the smallest bit distracted."

"I will ask that you do not use such profanities in the presence of Royalty," Jenara barked in an attempt to keep up appearances. In reality, just hearing the word "Piss" made her belly throb. She could feel her skin pushed to its limits within the tight corset, unable to expand. She was getting concerned, now. If her body was free, she knew that she could hold it in for many hours if she needed to. But constricted like this, like a crate of salted fish, she felt as vulnerable as she did when she was a child in training. One big secret of hers was that she rarely wore a corset under her dress, only when she left the castle grounds. Though not exactly young, her body was of the type that tended to simply stay in place. Seeing her from the outside, nobody could guess that she had nothing beneath her dress but an underskirt. Even now, the corset did nothing to compress any part of her body except for her bladder.

Gaston turned towards the gatehouse and vaulted through one of the windows, and after a long and very loud session of cranking, the gate was raised enough to pass through. Gaston's guards went through first, crouched down to avoid dinging their helmets. The man himself went through next, and Jenara approached the gate. Gaston held his hand underneath the iron bars, and she took it as she tried to walk under the gate. The moment she bent down, the corset pressed into her. She froze for just a moment as the smallest, quickest drop of pee forced its way out of her straining body. Her legs were spread in her crouch, and as she passed through the gate she could see the little wet spot against the light grey stone. It was the first time she had truly involuntarily released anything since before her eighteenth birthday. She would allow small leaks into her skirts during long meetings, but never completely against her will. This is getting critical, she thought. I have to escape.

Jenara walked gingerly after Gaston for a ways. Civilians were looking at her and whispering to each other, though this was nothing unusual when she walked the city streets. She focused entirely on holding herself until she nearly crashed into Gaston. Looking around, she saw that they were nearly at the southern gates, at the city stables. "Two of the best horses are gone," Gaston said. Jenara glanced to her left and spotted a large wood and stone house that she knew belonged to a woman named Sabina, who she had a small history with and who looked so similar to the Queen that they could easily have been twins. Gaston stepped up to the small stable house and pounded on the door. Nothing. He leaned sideways to peer into a window, and Jenara took the chance.

The Queen ducked sideways, spinning into the cover of a small stone fence. The sudden movement forced another tiny spurt out of her, and she hissed to herself and twisted her legs together, now protected from sight. She had no time though, and she forced herself to move, circling around the back of Sabina's large home. Jenara hobbled to the door and knocked, trying to keep it just loud enough to be heard inside, but not by Gaston. She was losing hope twenty seconds later, but to her immense relief, the door creaked open to reveal her own mirror image in the form of Sabina. Their clothes could be no more different, with Sabina wearing tight leather pants and a loose, red silk shirt that was so soft her nipples could be seen poking out under it.

"Queen Jenara," Sabina said in a surprised tone. "What are-" Sabina stumbled as Jenara pushed her way inside and started struggling with the knots on the back of her dress.

"Help me, Sabina, please," Jenara nearly cried. Startled, Sabina stepped forwards and grasped the sloppy knots of Gaston's, pulling them apart and loosening the stitch. Jenara slid her arms out and lowered the top half of the dress to her waist. "Get a blade, cut the corset off, I have no time to untie it."

Sabina held her questions, it was obvious that the Queen was about to soak the entrance hall floor. Bent at the knees, with one hand between her legs and the other on her belly, she appeared to be at her very limit. Sabina rushed into the kitchen and grabbed a cooking knife, sprinting back into the entrance hall and sliding the thin blade under the corset's many stitches. A few seconds later the garment hit the floor, and the Queen sounded a moan on par with the kind of orgasm that Sabina could only dream about. "That is so much better," the Queen breathed. "Here, please help me get the dress back up, I have no time to waste here."

Sabina stepped up and started helping Jenara back into the dress, then paused. "My Queen, the corset may be off, but you must still be desperate for relief. I have an emptied chamberpot, I'll go fetch it for you."

"No," Jenara said quickly. "There are people searching for me, and I'll take too long if I release it now. Listen to me, my son Baeden and my servant Marina have fled the city together. I knew this day would come, I've known about those two since our night in the fortress, though obviously I've kept it secret. The city's General is searching for them, but he has no idea where they've gone. I do." Jenara paused to inhale and cross her legs again. "He probably doesn't even realize it himself, but when he was a very young child, I taught Baeden how to escape the city if it fell to an attacking army. He probably thinks it his own plan, forgetting that it was I who told it to him. He has fled south to Great Oak Village, and either threatened or paid the stable girl to ride north to Jarkan as a decoy."

"Why are you telling me this?" Sabina asked, staring at the Queen's squirming body. "I have no place in the Royal matters of this city."

"Oh, you will soon enough," Jenara panted. "You owe my family your life, and it is time you pay that debt. You used to be a traveler and an adventurer. I assume you are proficient in tracking?"

"I am," Sabina said, her eyebrows furrowed in curiosity.

"Good," Jenara whispered. "I have a job for you."

