Title: The Birthday

By: Katy

It has been six months since my divorce was final and today is my birthday. My two best girlfriends are insisting that we go to a new nightclub which they say has a fantastic band and dance floor. I have been out of this scene for such a long time but I finally gave in because they were right. It's time for me to live again.

This place is really nice. It's on the top floor of the new Holiday Inn and you can see all of the city lights. There is a good crowd but not standing room only like some I have been in. As we move to an empty table my eyes adjust to the dimness. The band is just beginning to warm up as the waitress takes our order. I want to keep my senses so I order beer. As I take the first sip a man approaches our table and asks me to dance. My friends are already out on the floor. They know most of the people here so I really don't expect to see much of them till the last call. He is your typical midlife crises speciman. Gold chains around his neck, shirt unbuttoned one too many buttons and a least half of a bottle of that cheap cologne. I politely tell him "No, thanks" and turn my attention back to my beer and watching my friends tearing up the dance floor. Those girls really know how to have fun!

The waitress sets my second beer down as another guy approaches my table. I see him coming and look away hoping I am wrong...but I'm not. "Would you like to dance?" Why do they always pick the slow songs to ask me? Once again I decline. My friends have come back to check on me and take a sip of their drinks..but it's right back to the dance floor for them. I see another "one" approaching when the next love song starts to fill the air. After rejecting him, I am thinking seriously about slipping out of the bar and going home. The third beer is almost finished and this is not turning out to be the evening I had hoped for. Maybe I'm not ready after all. The waitress is there again and without realizing why I ordered it, I have ordered a fourth beer when only seconds ago I was convinced to go home. I hear the set of fast songs end and the proveriable slow one begin. Paying real close attention to the label on my fourth beer bottle keeps me from seeing him approach.

But I feel him. I look up to see "tall, dark and extremely handsome" holding his hand out to me. "You're not going to turn me down too, are you?" I see a glint of humor in his eye along with a challenge. I put my hand in his and he leads me thru the maze of people to the far side of the dance floor where it is a little darker and less crowded. As he pulls my body to his I realize I am glad I didn't leave. He doesn't say a word. We just sway to the music. It is the most comfortable and relaxed I have been in months. I close my eyes and lose myself to the music and his arms.

As the music ends he looks down at me and smiles. "My name is TJ. Thank you for the dance." "My friends call me Katy, and it was my pleasure." I return the smile. He escorts me back to my table. I am hoping he might ask to join me but he doesn't. He gives me a half smile and a wink and turns away. I finish my beer during the next set of songs and this time I have decided I will call it a night. I am trying to get my friends attention on the dance floor to tell them I'm leaving but it's hopeless. I open my purse for pen and paper. I will just leave them a note. And I will definately stop by the ladies room before I get to my car. There is no way I could ever hope to make it home without peeing first.

"Katy, I hope you aren't leaving. I noticed your beer was empty and took the liberty of buying you another." I look up and see that he has one for himself also. I give him a smile and he takes the chair next to me. "Thank you TJ" and we touch the bottles together in a silent toast. The next hour and 3 more beers pass in such a hurry. We haven't danced anymore. He is so easy to talk to. It seems as if we have know each other a lot longer than a couple of hours. He is such a gentleman. He touched my cheek once....and the moment froze. We both seem to have run out of things to say.

"Katy, will you dance with me?" I can't explain the sensual way words flow from his mouth. "Yes TJ." He takes my hand and pulls me from the chair. With his other hand, he picks my purse up and hands it to me. I know we are leaving but he sees the question in my eyes. "I think we deserve a private dance, don't you?" As we go into the hall to get the elevator I glance at the ladies room door, knowing I should go. I decide to wait. I just can't seem to make myself let go of TJ's hand. We are the only two on the elevator as the doors close. It seems so natural to turn in his arms, to taste his first kiss.

The kiss is getting deeper, telling us both we want more. The elevator comes to a sudden stop and the lights dim. This only delays our kiss for a moment. His hands feel so good on my back, caressing me. Reality bites me suddenly and I pull back. "TJ? Do you think they know this elevator has stopped?" He laughs a little and says "I really don't mind being trapped in here with you." "Or would you rather have "Mr. MidLife Crisis" with his gold chains?" I laugh with him. We both know the answer to that. In the back of my mind I know I need to pee and soon. Hopefully, if I don't dwell on it I can will my body to cooperate until they have us moving again. We hear someone shouting down to us. It seems we are stuck between two floors so we are "trapped" till the problem is fixed. The problem, it seems, involves replacing a part which they don't have right here. It is on the other side of town. They will have us out in an hour. As they assure us we are safe it hits me. AN HOUR! I have to pee now!

This is going to be the end before we even begin. If I had only peed before we got on this elevator, TJ and I could have spent this hour really getting acquainted...but now. "TJ, I have to tell you something and it's a little embarassing. I have to pee so bad. There is no way I can wait an hour. Tell them to get us out of here!" "Katy, they have to have that part before we can move, and being between floors, they can't open the doors to get us. Can you not hold it?" As he says those words I suddenly bend over with the pain and I feel a little trickle going down my legs into my sandles. All I have on is this sundress and panties. "TJ, I can't hold it 10 minutes more much less an hour!" Without thinking, my hand grabs my crotch as I feel the next urge hit me again and another squirt hits my panties I try to hold it back with my hand. It seems to help a little but not much.

I finally meet a man that is attractive, decent and respects me and I am going to pee in my panties right in front of him within 3 hours of meeting him. I feel a little tear run down my cheek. I am hurting so bad. I just want to pee! "Katy, don't cry." He wipes the tear from my face. "Go over in the corner and pee. I won't watch. The elevator people will understand under the circumstances. Go on now." I know he's right, but I just can't do it. Not in front of him. I don't move. His arms are around me now. He knows I'm not going to squat in the corner. He lowers his lips to mine and his kiss is sweet, understanding. I feel his hands going up my leg, caressing me. Moving to my panties, pulling them gently down. As I step out of them he steps back.

This seems so natual. My hands move to his buckle...his zipper. I still have to pee, I know that, but I am so turned on for this man that the urge has subsided for the moment. His hands are caressing me, touching my pussy and I hear his moans when he feels my wetness. As I touch his cock, hard and throbbing, he moves closer..pushing me against the wall of the elevator. and lifts one of my legs up. I guide his cock to me and slowly, slowly he enters me. Inch by inch he fills me up..then just as slow he pulls almost out...back in so slow. All the time he is kissing my lips, my neck, whispering in my ear..."Katy, pee for me, pee on my cock, baby." As he feels my pussy tighten with the climax he begins to move a little faster...and as I begin to pee on his cock, I feel him swell even bigger inside me. I hear the moans of a man possessed by sheer joy of my pee hitting against his cock, running down his balls..down his legs, down my legs and he explodes inside me.

When the doors finally open his arm is around my shoulders and we walk off, thru the doors and into the night not caring what they think about the condition of their elevator.

