Title: A Night to Forget

By: Neil & Rosemary

To stay ahead of its competitors, Chester-Sheryl Corporation had insisted that there was at least some of their staff work over the Millennium New Year, but by eleven o'clock it was apparent that nobody else was working and they had nothing to do. Some employees had ignored the company ruling, and brought their own supply of drink in to celebrate, and had been drinking all the evening. In Admin, a group of the girls had hidden bottles of wine, beer, and 'alcohol-pops' in the gents, as there were no men working on that floor. An 'out of order' notice and locked door kept out any unwanted visitors. Jane,

Sara, Mary and Anya had been indulging since they had started the shift at seven, and their visits to the toilet had become more frequent as the evening progressed. It was, Mary commented, a sort of perpetual motion; every time they went to the loo they had another drink, which made them want to go more often, so they drank more, which.... By the time they were told that they no longer had to pretend to work, and the official company drinks were brought round, they were already quite drunk, and up for a riotous time.

Naturally, no senior managers were present, but those middle managers who felt that their careers would benefit from being seen to give up their New Year evening had taken over the top floor executive area, and had been enjoying their own private party. Roderick, a thrusting, forty-something executive, had been indulging with bottles of imported lager all evening before he magnanimously consented to giving some drink to the lower ranks. He would have one more drink with his fellow managers, then visit his Admin department to welcome the new Millennium. He had been making approaches to buxom, red-head Marion, the section leader, and tonight he was going to bring this to fruition.

Janice, the only female executive present, also intended to make a conquest for the Millennium. She had designs of James, blonde, shy, and brilliant systems analyst, who had so far ignored all her approaches. Tonight she would use drink, her rank, and her feminine whiles to seduce him, and she felt a tingle of anticipation between her legs as she imagined clutching his cute little bottom and stroking the rock-hard erection that she would induce. All night she had been drinking wine and Perrier water mixed, gradually increasing the proportion of wine, but she had some champagne hidden away to share with James.

Company policy forbade liaisons between employees, but this had not stopped Carol and Mike falling for each other. As their planned night out had been spoiled, they were ignoring the rules and were going to see in the Millennium alone together. Mike had got access to a small conference room, and as work stopped at eleven they slipped in there, taking bottles of lager and wine with them. At least there was no dress code being enforced that night, so Carol was wearing her tight white trousers that Mike liked so much, though she did not expect to still have them on after midnight. They sat on the floor, arms round each other, drinking and making plans for the rest of the holiday.

*****

Official drinks had arrived in Admin, so Jane and Sara left their private supply locked in the men's loo. Sara was just beginning to feel the need for another pee, but with thirty minutes left to midnight, she resolved that she would hold on, and not pee again until the 21st Century. She liked the sound of that, and she would never have the chance to wait like that again. Encouraged by various bulletin boards on the Internet, she had recently discovered the delights of a bursting bladder and releasing her pee in a great gush of relief, and she was going to start the century with a real blaster. A short, well-built, blonde, she had squeezed herself into outrageously tight jeans that were going to emphasise all the sensations of a bursting bladder.

As he left the executive suite, fresh bottle of lager in his hand, Roderick was about to stop for a pee, but seeing the lift waiting, put it off until he was downstairs at Admin. To his annoyance, the gents on the Admin floor was out of order, but, he thought, he would soon get Marion upstairs, and he could pee then. He didn't need to go yet, and he could hold it for ages if he had to.

The party was already under way in Admin, as men from tech support and engineering joined the girls and started on the free drinks. Marion appeared to be responding to his advances, and he wondered how quickly he could get her back to his office. Not until after midnight, he realised, starting on another beer, as the office window gave a magnificent view of the city park and fire-work display, and she was intent on seeing that.

His own window faced the adjacent tower block, an unfortunate reminder of his status in the company. With ten minutes to midnight, he was beginning to need a pee rather more, and he slipped quietly out the office, deciding he would use the gents, even if it was officially out of action. To his dismay, the door was locked, and he was just contemplating going in the ladies when Jane, Anya, and Mary came along, arm in arm, heading for their loo. Mary saw him trying to get in the gents that she knew was locked.

"Makes a change for the Mens to be closed and the Ladies open," she shouted at him. "Now you know how us girls feel on the Underground at night." Embarrassed, Roderick muttered something about only going to wash his hands, and hurried back to Marion. Now he was going to have to hold it until they were back upstairs, but that interlude had made him want to go more, so he hoped the fireworks would not last too long.

*****

In Systems, James was less than pleased to see Janice. He was in his early twenties, and had no interest in an aggressive thirty four year old woman, but as she was his manager, he had to make the effort to be polite. They drank beer and made conversation, then as midnight approached, he suggested that they invite the other two analysts in to toast the Millennium. Reluctantly, Janice agreed, though made sure that they were aware of the party, with copious free drink, that was going on in Admin. James looked so desirable, and she longed to get him alone.

She had drunk two beers with the group, and was becoming more aware of the aching fullness in her abdomen, though she was not going to allow herself to succumb to this need until she had James alone and seduced. They finished her bottle of champagne to celebrate the New Year, then Brian, a fat slob of 30, said he would try the party upstairs. Despite glares from Janice, Rupert, the other analyst, showed not sign of leaving, seeming oblivious to the fact that he was frustration Janice's desires.

Minutes later, Brian was back in the office.

"Door's locked," he reported, "looks like we are shut in for the moment." Janice began to suggest various emergency procedures he could use, but he cut her short.

"I know quite well how to over-ride the system, thank you. I've tried all that, and a lot of other things you don't know about, and I'm telling you the system is fucked up. Seems as if your Y2K committee missed something.

Phones are dead as well," he added, "so that's another cock-up for your lot." Ignoring this, Janice strode to the door and began punching in codes, wiping her network administrator card through the reader, and then, in frustration, beating against the door with her fists. She had fought to be chair-person of the Y2K committee, and she could not bear to think that they had missed something so obvious as the internal security system. The phone network she could blame on BT, but this was going to do her no good at all.

*****

Mike had done his best to ensure that he and Carol would not be discovered in their conference room. He had jammed the card reader, then stuck a 'Not in Service' notice over the key-pad, and then they had jammed a table against the door to prevent it being opened. Perhaps these precautions were excessive, particularly as at five minutes to midnight, Carol announced that she was 'dying for a wee.' Responding to this, Mike slid his hand between her legs and pressed his fingers against her crutch. Carol squirmed with pleasure at this.

"Ooh! That feels lovely. You keep doing that and I'll wait for ages. Do you want me to do the same for you when you need to pee."

"I'm OK for the moment, thanks," replied Mike, adjusting the position of his already erect cock, "but you can practice holding it if you want."

Carol needed no encouragement to grasp Mike's cock, and their mutual stimulation almost caused them to miss the count-down to midnight. The stood up, and toasted each other as the Millennium passed, Carol keeping her legs crossed; now Mike wasn't helping her wait, she was bursting. Unless he started holding her again pretty quickly, she was going to have to get out to the loo soon. Mike's watch was fast, so they had just finished their toast when there was a loud hum and then a fizz and puff of smoke from the door lock. They hurried over to it, but by then it was ominously silent, and would not respond to their attempts to open the door.

"It's computer controlled, so it must be the Millennium bug thing," said Carol, not aware that Mike had jammed the card reader, causing it to burn out. "I just hope that it's sorted out soon, because I'm really dying to go to the loo." She twisted her legs together and pressed one hand into her crutch to demonstrate how badly she wanted to go.

Mike put his hand over hers and pressed hard. "I'll help you wait, darling," he said, "but I'm beginning to want to go as well, so you'll have to help me too."

Carol reached for Mike's cock and squeezed it. "You holding me feels so gorgeous that I think I could wait for ever like this. Is this OK for you?" They moved round the room until they could find some position that let them comfortable hold each other, and waited for help to come.

*****

At five minutes to midnight the party-goers in Admin were taking their positions at the window to get the best view of the city fireworks display. Everyone had a full glass ready to welcome the new Millennium, and at least two had full bladders as well. Roderick put one hand in his trouser pocket and gave his cock a quick squeeze to ease the pressure that had built up. He really did need a piss very badly. If he could not get Marion back upstairs soon, he would have to leave her and find somewhere to pee.

Sara was still determined to see in the Millennium with a bursting bladder, and as she twisted her legs together to wait the last few minutes, she was already fighting to hold on. She doubted if she could last more that another ten minutes, but that would be just enough, and what a blast of relief she would get to greet the New Year. The clock reached midnight, the fireworks started, and all the group raised their glasses with a cheer. Sara gulped half her drink quickly, and then pressed between her legs as a surge of desperation hit her. She was absolutely bursting, and her jeans were so tight that her bladder could not swell up and make room for any more pee. She looked longingly at the door leading to the ladies, but resolved that she would not be the first to leave the party. Somehow she was going to hold it a bit longer.

Roderick gently suggested to Marion that they should adjourn to his office, but she pulled away, wanting to see all of the 45 minute fireworks display. Roderick was in trouble, he just had to have a pee; even with his legs crossed he was almost leaking, and he put his hand in his pocket and gripped his cock, holding it much longer this time, trying to force back his pee. 'Christ,' he thought, 'what a time for my bladder to play up.' He hadn't had that much to drink, yet he was almost pissing down his leg. He dare not let go of his cock for long, or he might have an accident, yet he was scared that one of the girls would see him holding and make a joke about it. He didn't want to be the first to leave the party after New Year, but he was going to have to go soon.

The initial excitement of the display over, some of the party went to refill their glasses, only to find that the drinks had already run out. The management had not been very generous with drink to celebrate the Millennium, expecting everyone to be working, not having a party. Mary and Anya went to get the last of their private supply, still locked in the gents, but found they could not open the door. The security entry-exit system was dead and locked shut, resisting all their attempts to open it. Anya appealed to the room for assistance, adding that there was more drink outside if they could get the door open. Nobody, not even the engineers with their master cards could make any impression, and it began to dawn on them that they were trapped

"Must be the Millennium bug," somebody said.

"No," replied one of the engineers, looking pointedly at Roderick, "just a management ploy to get us to stay until our shift ends at 4 o'clock."

"The phones are dead as well," added Marion, who had been trying to get help. "Do you know anything about this?" she asked Roderick.

"It's a propriety system, the Y2K Committee was supposed to check everything like that. It's nothing to do with me." Roderick was more concerned with his desperate need to piss, suddenly worse now he realised he might be locked in. He had one hand permanently in his trouser pocket, fearful that any relaxation or sudden shock might cause him to lose control. He could not recall ever needing a piss so urgently, and he was beginning to panic about not being able to get out in time.

Sara had been about to follow Anya and Mary out, not wanting to suffer the pressure in her bladder any longer, but now they were trapped she was sitting down, legs knotted and hands across he throbbing abdomen. She had held virtually to her limit to make it past midnight, now she just had to go. There had to be a way out, she needed to get to the loo, it was a real emergency. Hoping that her desk hid it, she pressed her hand between her legs to try to ease the terrible need to pee. Having failed to get the door open, the other three girls joined her, and the first thing that Jane said was "They had better get the door open soon, I'm beginning to want a loo and I've had a lot to drink tonight."

"Don't," said Mary, "you will make me want to go as well. I don't want to be reminded how many Hooch's I've drunk."

"I'm desperate already," wailed Sara, "I was just hanging on until after the Millennium to go, now I'm really in trouble." She moved so that the other three could see her hand pressed between her legs and know that she was not joking. Just as they began sympathising and offering advice, she saw with amazing clarity what she would do. She would have to wet herself! She had read on the Internet how great it felt to wet your jeans, and what a thrill it could be to do it in public, but she had never had the courage to try before. Well, now she had no choice and, every excuse, to do it, unless the door miraculously opened in the next few minutes.

She considered relaxing and letting go at once, but when it came to it she could not bring herself to let go while she still had some control over her bladder. 'No problem,' she told herself, 'my bladder will take over soon enough, I simply can't hold on for long, I'm almost exploding now.' For the moment the other three girls were sitting round her, covering her, and concerned about her situation, partly because they were expecting to be the same before the night was out.

Marion had accepted being locked in, and settled to watch the remainder of the fireworks in comfort, indicating that Roderick should sit next to her. He thought that this would help his need to piss, but sitting meant that he could not keep his hand in his pocket, and, no matter how hard he crossed his legs, he was on the brink of losing control. He struggled with this frantic need for what seemed like an age, then was forced to resort to putting both hands in his lap and gripping his cock. To his mortification, he was too late, and he could not avoid letting out a spurt of piss into his underpants. Panicking, he gripped his cock with both hands, telling himself that he must not ever let any more go. Marion was becoming quite friendly and voluble, turning to him between the spectacular displays they were watching.

Every time she looked in his direction he had to let go of his cock, and despite clenching his bladder shut with all his might, he could not avoid more leaks into his trousers. So long as he was sitting down, nothing showed, but sooner or later he would have to stand up and show his wet patch. Marion remained oblivious to his plight because she had an enormous bladder, so could not imagine that an adult could get to the point where they simply could not avoid wetting themselves. Nor did she know that Roderick had been drinking all evening, thinking that the two beers he had had in their office were his total consumption.

She assumed that his fidgeting and distracted manner were caused by boredom, and as soon as the fireworks finished suggested they join the couples who were half-heartedly dancing to the local radio station. This was Roderick's worst nightmare come true. Even as he stood up he could feel something trickling down his leg, and before he could get his hand in his pocket another spurt of piss escaped. He could feel his wet trousers, and dared not look down for fear of drawing attention to them.

"I need a pee before I can dance," he said, as more piss trickled down his leg.

"I'm afraid you will have to hold it," replied Marion casually, "No loos until we get the door open."

"I must," groaned Roderick, "I'm afraid it's desperately urgent, I simply have to pee right now." He hung his head in shame as he felt his trousers getting wetter as he lost control again.

"Not even a waste bin for emergency use. You had them all taken away in your 'paperless office' drive last year." It was beginning to dawn on Marion that Roderick really was desperate, and this was the cause of his strange behaviour.

"An empty bottle! There must be something. Anything will do, I just can't hold it any longer." In one last frantic attempt to avoid further disgrace, Roderick was openly holding himself with both hands, cutting off the imminent flood, but drawing attention to the wet patches where he had already leaked. Almost doubled over with desperation, he looked around for an empty beer bottle, but these had already been taken by the other men, anticipating that they might need to pee before door was opened. Most people in the room were now openly staring at him, many secretly delighted that an unpopular manager was making a fool of himself.

Completely unable to stop himself peeing, Roderick staggered to the nearest wall, pulled out his cock and simply peed against the wall; anything was better than soaking his trousers, and everybody knew what a state he was in. Relieved, wet, and totally humiliated, he sank into a chair and buried his head in his hands, trying to shut out Marion's contemptuous voice; "Really! What an exhibition! A grown man and he can't control himself for a couple of hours."

Only Sara who was still holding herself but nearing the point when she would emulate Roderick, had any sympathy for him. Anyway, she didn't dare laugh as this would probably have been the last straw for her bursting bladder.

*****

In systems they had calmly accepted that they were locked in, and the three analysts and Janice settled down to finish the drinks she had brought. To her increasing annoyance, she was making no progress at all with James, having to spend most of her energy fending off the advances of Brian. As the finished their drinks, James and Rupert were moving closer together, and it began to dawn on Janice that they were gay, and all her approaches were in vain. This was more or less confirmed ten minutes later when Rupert bluntly asked her to go and stand on the other side of the room and look away. "James wants to have a wee-wee, and as we're locked in, he's going to have to use an empty bottle"

As she sat miserably in one corner of the office, Janice was very aware that she also needed a 'wee-wee.' Her bladder was beginning to throb, a bad sign, particularly as she had just drunk two more beers. She wondered if she would be able to go into a bottle if her need became unbearable, then saw that she was not going to be given the chance to try, as Rupert and Brian were copying James and filling the empties.

Deliberately, she felt, they were making sure that she would not have anywhere to pee until the doors were opened. Well, OK, she would show them. She could wait, however long they were shut in; it was just a matter of self control and will-power, and she had plenty of both. The night had become a minor disaster for her, but she wasn't going to be made to look a fool. Brian, having had his advances to Janice repelled, had stretched out on his desk, preparing to sleep until they were released, while James and Rupert were in close conversation on the other side of the room.

*****

The pleasure that Carol was getting from Mike's hand pressed between her legs was being swamped by her increasing painful need to wee. His fingers rubbing her clitoris were turning her on, but her bladder was so full that it was hurting, and all she wanted was to wee and then be able to relax and make love with Mike. She had already undressed except for her white thong knickers, hoping to reduce the pressure on her throbbing stomach, but her need to wee was becoming unbearable.

"Mike, I must have a wee, it's so bad it hurts,"

"Unless the door has opened, I don't see how you can. You'll have to hold on until we're released." Mike had a much stronger bladder than Carol, and was also far more concerned about the secret meeting being discovered.

"Mike, I can't wait much longer, I'm really desperate, if I don't go soon I'll wet my pants." Carol pressed her hand over Mike's to show haw badly she wanted to go. Reluctantly Mike stood up and went to try the door lock again, but it was still dead. He considered calling for help, then realised that he could not hear anyone moving about the building. He called Carol over to join him.

"The whole building's quiet, I think that everyone else is locked in the same as we are. That means help will be here soon." He had not tried the phone, so didn't know that it was dead as well.

Standing up, and without Mike's help, Carol was holding herself with both hands, absolutely frantic for a wee. "Mike, I've got to go, I've never been so desperate in my life, I'm absolutely frantic, I can't hold it any longer." Even as she spoke she lost control and the first spurt of wee escaped past her fingers, soaked the gusset of her tiny knickers, and trickled down between her crossed legs. At first she fought to regain control, but could not stop several more leaks, ever closer together. Despite this, her need to wee seemed to be even more urgent now she had started, and she could not bear the misery of trying to hold it any longer.

"I can't help it, I've lost control, I'm going, I can't stop now, I don't care what anyone says, I just had to wee." All Carol wanted to do now was wee until she was empty and comfortable again, so she abandoned any pretence of control and crouched down by the door, not even bothering to pull her knickers down as her stream of wee went straight through the thin material.

The excitement of seeing Carol wetting her knickers made Mike forget his worries about spoiling the conference room, and as soon as she had finished he pulled her against him, putting his hand between her legs and rubbing her wet knickers. He had never wanted Carol so much as at that moment, and the fullness of his bladder only heightened his lust. Now she was relieved, Carol's passion for Mike was at it's height, and she was tearing his clothes off him, wanting him inside her as quickly as possible.

*****

Sara had held her pee longer than she had thought possible, but she was reaching her limit. Her bladder felt so swollen that if it had not been for her tight jeans holding it in, she thought she would have already exploded. Still there was some unconscious restraint stopping her wetting herself in public; even though she knew she was going to have to do it eventually, something was making her fight to wait as long as possible, no matter how much it was hurting.

Anya and Mary were both sitting on their heel, a tacit admission of their increasing desperation, and Jane was squirming about on her seat, legs plaited together, groaning and holding her stomach. They were all suffering for their secret drinking, and Sara wondered if they would all end up wetting themselves before the night was over. Jane and Anya were wearing skirts, so could they manage to stand up and do it down their legs without anyone knowing? Sara wondered.

Suddenly she reached a decision. She was not going to struggle any longer. She would uncross her legs and stop holding her crutch, and let things take their natural course. As soon as she did this she felt her bladder tense and she involuntarily clenched herself shut with all her might, a last valiant attempt to perform the impossible. A squirt of pee escaped into her jeans, and she felt the warm wetness between her legs. It felt wonderful, and so was the prospect of the relief that would follow. Without thinking any more about it, Sara relaxed and let her pee blast out. She could always generate a good pressure, but with her bladder distended to its limit, this was the gusher of her life, such pressure that it went through her knickers and jeans and streamed out onto the chair.

Sara sat with her eyes closed, close to orgasm just with the relief, savouring the excitement of the wetness against her pussy. As she emptied, so she pretended to be making some attempt to control herself, pressing both hands between her legs and rubbing the wet material against her tingling clitoris, bringing an immediate orgasm. She might have hoped that her closed eyes and groans would be taken for a struggle to hold back her pee, not the orgasm she was having, but really she was having too good a time to care what anyone thought about her.

Jane was about to comment on this when Mary shut her up.

"Don't let everyone know, if we don't get out of here soon we might all have to do the same. I for one can't wait much longer." This wasn't strictly true; Mary was bursting, but capable of holding on for a long time if she wanted to, but she had recognised the pleasure that Sara was getting as she wet. If Sara had revealed that she was a secret wetter, then Mary had to let her know that she was as well. Let it build up for a bit, she thought, so she would be full enough to produce as good a flood as Sara's.

Half an hour later, Mary could not resist the dual pleasures of wetting her knickers and relieving her bursting bladder, so after five minutes of groaning and moaning and holding her crutch, she gasped "Oh No! Oh No! I'm losing it, I can't wait any longer!" and let go in her black flared trousers, keeping her legs wide apart so it was clear what she was doing. She could not produce the pressure Sara had to spurt through her trousers, but the expanding glistening area showed well enough. She had done this may times before, and forgot to hide the pleasure she was getting. As she hoped, Sara saw that her own feeling were being mirrored; once they were out of this jam, they were going to have a lot to talk about.

*****

As they were supposed to work until 4 am, nobody outside had yet realised that all the employees of Chester-Sheryl were trapped in their respective offices. A few people were wondering why they had not received phone calls from their loved ones, but finding the lines engaged had gone back to their parties. Just after 4am the skeleton security shift arrived and found the doors locked and the entry system dead. It took then forty minutes to locate the emergency service department of the security system, who had been frantically trying to deal with similar emergencies since midnight.

An engineer would arrive as soon as possible with the new software that would get the system running again. Nobody could be contacted to deal with the telephone exchange fault, so they could not let those trapped know what was happening. Just after 5 am a very harassed engineer arrived, used his special access to open the outer door, and then loaded the new software into the system. Each door lock had to be individually reset, and, helped by the new security staff, he began to work his way round the building, releasing disgruntled and desperate staff from their offices.

*****

Carol and Mike were still lying together naked on the conference room floor when they heard the first sounds of people moving about the building. They had just dressed when the engineer reached their door, and seeing the burnt our lock decided that he had better break it open and fix it later. He was too busy to bother with questions like why two people were in the room, and Carol and Mike were able to blend into the general chaos. Mike's first call was the nearest men's loo, as he had been holding on at Carol's request until he was as desperate as she had been. The queue at the women's loo was too long for Carol to bother. She could hold out until they were back at Mike's flat.

*****

Systems was almost the last office that was opened. By the time the door was opened, Janice was almost fainting with desperation. Her bladder was a hard swollen bulge, stretching her tight skirt to its limit. For the last hour she had been fighting a frantic urge to pee, legs tightly crossed and hands locked under her thighs to press them harder together. The pressure in her bladder had become almost irresistible, but somehow she had found the strength to hold it. The bladder ache had got worse and worse, until she was almost in tears with the pain. She would have given anything to have been able to get to a loo, but locked in with two gays and a slob, she was not going to admit to her need.

Once she was released, she still had to get to the nearest ladies, maybe 30 metres away; so desperate she was almost crippled, Janice could hardly stagger out of the office unaided. Standing, then walking, brought on new levels of desperation, worse that she had ever imagined, and she could not stop herself whimpering as she hobbled along the corridor, legs stiff, thighs and knees pressed together, and hands gripping her skirt. More misery was install for her, as there was a queue in the ladies, several of the girls openly holding themselves. Janice twisted her legs together, clenched her fists, and prayed she could find the strength to hold on just a bit longer. Everyone was bursting, so they were all taking so long in the loos, despite pleas to hurry up from those still waiting.

By the time Janice reached a cubicle she had lost all her pride, caring about nothing except survival and getting into a loo. She was holding her crutch with both hands and shouting "Hurry, Hurry, it's an emergency, I'm going to burst any second." Outside the cubicle she kept banging on the door, yelling "Hurry up, please hurry!" and then, as she felt about to lose control, hoisting her skirt up round her waist, holding with one hand inside her knickers. The instant the door opened she barged in, not bothering with the lock, ripping down her knickers and, at last, letting go her pent up stream before she was even seated on the loo.

