Well, you might have heard of the song, "Ferry Cross the Mersey" (Johnny and the Pacemakers) about the trip on the Mersey river in Liverpool. It was a nice sunny day yesterday – the first we’ve had here for ages, so I took the ferry to Liverpool and back for some fresh air. It takes about an hour, all told. I hadn’t been to the toilet since the night before and realized almost as soon as I got on the boat that I would need to pee. It didn’t bother me as I enjoy feeling full, and anyway there were toilets on the boat in case I got desperate. Well, believe it or not, the toilets were being repaired, both the men’s and the ladies’ rooms! I was getting desperate, I thought I’d be able to make it back but after leaving Liverpool and heading back home I knew that I was going to have real trouble holding it. I had on a skirt, a t–shirt, and a denim jacket as I sat upstairs at the front of the boat where there are few seats and I was up there alone. The seats are wooden with slats going across and space between down to the deck sort of like a box. My stomach was really starting to hurt and the splashing of the boat on the water was not helping. I actually considered sitting on the rail and letting it go over the side but they don’t let people do that anymore, as too many people have fallen overboard, so I raised my skirt, didn’t worry about my knickers and began to let a little hot stream out. It felt hot and wonderful! I could hear it splashing in the seat but you couldn’t see it, anyway, I was enjoying the feeling soooo much. I didn’t realize that I had nearly totally emptied my bladder, there was a dark wet trail coming out from under the seat and running right along the deck, but it felt so good, that I went ahead and finished off. When I was done I started to rub my clit as it was really throbbing – anyway I really was about to orgasm when these two guys walked around the corner onto the front deck. I nearly died. I stood up, letting my skirt fall as I made my way to the back of the boat to finish bringing myself off. I had an amazing wet orgasm while letting the last bit of hot pee run down my legs. What an experience, not something I will forget in a hurry. Wonder what those two guys made of it all!
Sarah