Title: Monsters

By: Sam

Freakin' monsters. I hate freakin' monsters. If it's not one thing, it's another. Monsters here, monsters there, monsters everywhere. Seems I spend my entire life gettin' rid of monsters for people. Not that I begrudge the people that much, I mean, you got monsters, you want 'em gone, am I right? Sincerely, even if ninety percent of the monster victims calling me around the clock wasn't beautiful young women, I'd still be happy to serve as a monster get ridder of-er....uh, whatever I do. Monster eradication, that's the ticket. Jack Perkins, monster eradicator.

But the monsters themselves, now that's another matter. Where the hell do they come from? Not vampires, strictly speaking, although given a chance they'll suck a girl's blood out of her. Nor goblins, nor ghosts nor ghouls, though they share some characteristics with each. An ancient army of the un-dead, I heard a guy call 'em once, which I thought fit 'em pretty well. They
used to was alive once upon a time, and now they ain't, not exactly, but not so's you'd necesarilly notice. I'll tell you that for nothing!

Stronger than ten men? I think not. Maybe stronger than a terrified young women, I might buy that. I'm fairly big and tough as hell and more than a match for any monster I ever tangled with.

And something else. Something not too many people have noticed about this great and mighty space ship in Washington DC. Since its arrival, no more monsters. Which suits me fine, but has me worried a little. A slight case of the heeby jeebies, which when you consider I'm a monster eradicator, is saying something. There's those that call it a hoax, call it this, call it that. I say, if anyone's listenin', these outer space fellas got some sort of juice behind 'em, got the monsters scared. I don't know what it is,
but I'll expect it's for the good overall if it's keeping the monsters down a little. This is one job I don't mind losing. Not that I expect I'll ever really be out of business. Why, eight this morning, I get a call from Miss Kelly Kline, worried about her girls, Katy, Kimberly and Karen.

That's a whole lotta "k's," I k-now. K-kind of an interesting deal, there. The tune is this, you get some monsters, gimme a call, unlike most monster guys, I give you a warranty. No more monsters, guaranteed, six months. Or for a little extra you can get the extended service deal, six month chunks for a few bucks. Which mostly just saves you the price of a service call if you start getting the willies for no reason, which anyone knows can be the first sign of monsters. And if you're like dear Miss Kline, with three buxom teenage daughters sharing your roof, well, sometimes there's a little of the monster in a young man's heart that gets settled right down when he sees a fella like me paying a call to his sweetie's mom. Not that Miss Kline is over the hill, by any means. Figurin' in the way that I have her age, I reckon she was barely eighteen herself when she had her first, with the other two in quick succession, seeing as how she's still the spry side of forty years herself, and doin' real well at
holdin' herself there, and her youngest just turned eighteen.

So it's off to Miss Kline's house, and hopin' she'll have some cookies or other items from the oven that I'm kinda partial to. Miss Kline likes me, I expect, maybe a little more than just as a getter ridder of monsters, which is fine by me, but I think there's some sort of ethical thing about it that makes her as a paying cstomer unscrupulous for me to think about her in certain ways, or her daughters either. Or maybe it's just me being crazy, which I've also heard is common amongst those with prolonged or repeated
contact with monsters. Kind of like second hand cigarette smoke.But I digress.

At noon in Washington the space fella is gonna make some sort of announcement about mankind, and I'm wondering two different things. Number one is, is he gonna say anything about monsters? And number two is, is Miss Kline gonna have the television on to see it? I expect she will, and I expect the space guy won't say nothing about monsters. He's probably kind of nervous about us anyhow, since last time he made any sort of
public announcement he ended up getting shot for his troubles. "Greetings Earthlings!" (BANG) "Ouch!" I'm glad I'm not the guy that shot him.

So it was over to Miss Kline's house. I got like this sixth sense, I can tell a monster from a mile away. And I was thinking monster before I even got in my car to drive over to Miss Kline's house. By the time I turned onto her block my skin was crawling. As I parked in front of her doublewide trailer house, Miss Kline walked out on the front porch of her house, wringing her hands. She cut a fine looking figure in a pretty blue dress with a frilly apron tied around her slender waist, her jet black hair
cascading over her shoulders, but I knew she had troubles.

"Thank Goodness you're here," she said as soon as I could hear her. "I tried calling but you'd already left."

"There there Miss Kline. Where's the beast?"

"In the toilet, of all places."

"Toilet, hmm? If your daughters are present I suggest you make them absent."

"That's part of the problem, you see. He won't let us in to use the facilities."

"What a monster!" I said. "May I?"

She let me inside and I strode back to the bathroom door and beat on it loudly. "Hey monster, c'mon out. I wanna kick your butt."

"Perrrrkinsss," hissed the crazy voice from the other side of the door.

"Rememmber mme?"

"Should I?"

"You bburied mme three yyears ago. F-forty f-feet d-deep, you said. But it was more like twenty nine."

"Oh, well, the deal on the side of the hole said it was forty feet deep, but I guess it was partway filled in already before I tipped you in there. So you're Jackson, right?"

"You rememmber!" he said, sounding genuinely glad.

"Uh, yeah, so, uh, Jackson, what's up here? What's going on?"

"It t-took mme all this t-time to dig my way out of that hole, Perkins.

My hands are a dreadful m-mess. I must wash them for a long time now."

"Look pal, we both know what's up here, you're rooting around Miss Kline's girls, and I'll be the first to tell you that that is
contraindicated. It's entirely unacceptable. I am unable to accept it. I must require you to go elsewhere. We can do it hard, or we can do it easy. The decision is yours."

"S-suppose I just s-stay in here f-for a couple hours. Could you l-live with that?"

"What?"

"L-let me have a couple hours in here and I'll leave peacefully."

I looked at Miss Kline. "I'll have to bust down the door," I said.

"It might save you a repair bill."

"Will he leave us alone then?"

"I don't know. Hey monster, will you leave Miss Kline and her girls alone after a couple hours?"

"Please call m-me Jackson."

"Awrgiht, Jackson, how about it?"

"Well, g-golly, lemme think. Last time I crossed paths with you, Perrkinsss, I ended up buried in a hole twenty nine feet underground and spent the next three years digging with my bare hands to get out. As long as you're around, Miss K-k-k-k-k-k-kline and her g-girls are safe."

"Uh, do you guys tell the truth?"

"Oh, Perkinssssss, we always tell the truth, unless we're lying," and he went into one of those ungodly cackling laughs those guys do. The echoing getting louder as he goes, deep pitched "heh-heh-Heh- Heh-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH!"

Enough to give me the willies, I'll tell you that for nothing. Still, I figured it was worth a shot. For one thing, Miss Kline lived in a pretty good trailer house, it'd be a shame to tear down her door to the bathroom, because she'd probably never get it back up right again. Also, it was just about time for the outer space fella to do his bit on the television, and busting down the door and duking it out with the monster would mean I'd probably miss out on something I kind of wanted to see. Plus, like I said, Miss Kline had a pretty nice trailer house, and well-built too, and tearing the door off of her bathroom was likely to entail a fair piece of work, which if I wanted to work I wouldn't be killing monsters, which is actually good money for not a lot of actual physical work, the truth be told.

"Well, Miss Kline, I tell you. It's like this. I never talked to monsters before all that much, so I don't know how far a fella can trust 'em, except as I usually figure as far as I can throw 'em, and that's actually a fair piece. So what I say is this. Let's give him a couple hours and see what develops."
"If you say so, Mister Perkins..."
"We can watch that space fella on the tube while we wait," I said.
"That would be splendid, Mister Perkins. You could join me and the girls for tea, and we could all sit around and see what that little man has to tell us."

The idea of being in close quarters with Miss Kline and her buxom young daughters bothered me not in the least, at least not in a negative way, so I agreed enthusiastically. I followed Miss Kline into the living room, where sat her three daughters on the couch.
"Girls, it seems Mister Perkins will be joining us for a few hours," said Miss Kline. "It seems the beast has agreed to give us our loo back without any fuss in a couple hours time. Mister Perkins has agreed to sit with us to ensure there's no malfeasance on the beast's part."

The three girls were sitting on the couch, looking up at me. Karen, the youngest, with her straight black hair parted down the middle, anorexic figure and flat red lipstick looked sort of cadaverous already. Well, not cadaverous, more like a reject from The Rocky Horror Picture Show. That's a better description. Wearing a t-shirt that didn't make it as far as the top of her pants, which were old and faded blue jeans, cut a size or so too big, she had an expression that seemed to indicate that it was debatable if keeping the monster at bay was worth having me around. I can take it. 

These days lots of girls seem to feel that way, I don't know if it's a live and let live type of thing with them or if they feel they're missing something by not getting the monster's side of the story. But I have yet to have one ask me to leave once they get a whuff of a beast's foul, hot breath. Kinda glad to see me, they are, to the point that I have to remind myself often that it's unethical for me to think of the girls in a certain kind of way, them bein'
customers and victims and all.
Karen looked up, sneered, sighed, and drew her bare feet up under her bottom on the couch. "Killer," she sniped. I tipped an imaginary hat to her.

"Miss Karen," I said.

Katy, Miss Kline's eldest, looked down at me from the great heights of the twenty year old that has seen and done it all. Which is interestin' considerin' the beast would be a lot less interested in her if there was certain things she ever had done. But a beauty to be sure, the sort of exquisite face that belongs on a China doll, no make up required on a face like that. Wearing a short little skirt, with like folds all around, like she might used to wear in grade school. Same size as she wore in grade school, too, probably, even though she herself was now considerably bigger.

I cannot say that it fit her badly, however. Katy looked at me impassively, and said nothing.
Kimberly was another story, however. Look in a textbook under "b" for beautiful, and I suppose you'd give both Katy and Karen the edge over their middle sister. At first glance, perhaps. Until Kimberly smiled. Some girls smile with their lips, some their whole mouth, a few their whole face smiles. With Kimberly, the world smiled. It was like, okay, some creature from the bowels of the earth is in the bathroom, some alien intelligence is about to demonstrate its superiority to humanity, and My! That girl has a nice smile! The sun came out from behind the clouds, birds started singing, flowers bloomed, the whole world took a moment to appreciate the beauty of a young girl when Kimberly smiled.

And she was smiling looking at me, wearing a very sensible grey dress which fit her form very nicely indeed. Where her sisters were quite fair skinned and blonde, Kimberly was darker skinned with dark brown hair, but the way it shined in the sunlight...well, she had nice hair. Real nice, shoulder length hair. I always took appreciation for a woman's hair to be a sign of
maturity. Young boys fixate on breasts. A little older, they may graduate to being "leg" men. Like a group of men, the legs get together and make an ass of themselves, and there's a phase where a man appreciates that. But going beyond all that, a woman's hair, really nice hair, it's like recreational. Sniff it, run your fingers through it, bury your face in it...

Well, enough of that. I woiuldn't want you thinking I wasn't a standup guy. Kimberly liked me, and I really felt she liked me for who I was, not because I was some guy who took annoying monsters out of the picture, or because I made her mom feel better, she just liked me. She looked at me and saw something she liked. How can you not like that. She smiled up at me and moved sideways on the couch and patted the seat next to her."Do sit with me, Mister Jack," she said coyly. "The Space fellow's about to make his announcement any minute!"

So I sat with her, as Miss Kline looked approvingly from the doorway walking in carrying a tray with five cups of tea. The television was already turned on, and the lady from the newsroom was reading something with a photo of the spacship on the screen behind her. Nothing new, particularly, so we all chatted as we sipped our tea. The girls, all of them, were actually quite pleasant to be with, as was their mother. And so many things to talk about, actually quite an adult little conversation we were having, all the ramifications of alien intelligence and what not. Why, it would have been easy to forget why I was there, and that there was a foul breathed monster not ten feet away.

At the appointed hour of twelve noon Eastern Daylight time, the news went to a live broadcast from the Capitol Mall in Washington DC. A lady stood in front of the space ship talking into a microphone. Miss Kline had the sound turned down so you could barely hear it, us having this adult conversation and all. But soon the broadcast captured our attention; not for any action from the space ship, which continued to squat stoically on the manicured lawn, but from the news broadcaster herself. She seemed very uncomfortable. Miss Kline turned up the sound slightly.

"....nearly ten minutes past the hour when the alien promised to make known his...ooooooo!...powers over humanity, and so far nothing.....(oh my!)....seems to be happening. Scientists monitoring levels of....levels of....ooooooo!...radio...activity.... inthesurroundingarea....so far report nothing....(sigh!).....unusual. Barbara?"

The news went back to the anchor desk in the studio, where the dark haired anchorwoman sat slumped over her desk, arms out of sight in her lap. She seemed to be doing something with her hands, and looked up at the camera startled.

"Thank you for that...report, Susan...Do you hear water running? We hear water running in the background, Susan. Can you tell us what that sound is? CAN YOU MAKE IT STOP PLEASE!?"

"That lady looks like she could use a piss," remarked Karen casually.

"I could use one myself," said Miss Kline, looking square at me as she said it.
If she was making a pitch for me to clear the monster from her toilet she was gonna have to be a whole lot plainer than that. Tearing me away from the television as gonna take some doing. I'll tell you that for nothing. Watching the anchor lady squirm and wiggle in her chair left little doubt as to the nature and urgency of her condition; seeing her do it as she tried to maintain a composed presence for the camera and comment coherently on the action, or apparent lack thereof, from Washington, was indeed a treat. I'll allow myself that much. 

Her wiggling and squirming suddenly stopped, and she winced. The camera operator, perhaps having similar inclinations to my own, chose that moment to fade the view back from her, so her face no longer filled the screen. Back, back, her desk became visible, then her lovely nyloned legs, crossed so primly beneath her desk, and a stream of liquid
running from the tip of one high heeled shoe, streaming down into a puddle of impressive size. The audio from the program faded to an electronic hum, and the camera zoomed in on the puddle below the anchor woman's chair."She's wet her seat!" cried Katy. "Look, mom, Susan Stafford from the

NBS News team just wet herself on television!"
"I see dear," said Miss Kline. "Um, Mister Perkins..."
The tone of her voice alerted me to her plight. Miss Kline was a very demure and proper lady, and I knew there was no way she ould be so bold as to presume to tell me how to handle the monster in her toilet. She was sitting on the sofa, knees pressed tightly together, with her hands palm down underneath her thighs, so she could use the leverage from her arms to force her thighs together more tightly.

I relaized Katy was sitting the same way, also looking at me somewhat accusingly. Karen as more baltant, sitting with her legs spread wide apart, with her hands down inside the front of her pants, kneading her ladyhood furiously (perhaps an advantage to being the only female in the room wearing trousers, although I cannot say it was particularly ladylike). Kimberly alone seemed to be maintaining any degree of composure.

That's when I suddenly realized I had to take a wicked piss myself. I cleared my throat and jumped to my feet. "If you ladies will excuse me for just a second," I said, "I need to see a man about a horse..." I walked out the front door onto Miss Kline's porch. Noone on the street, and Miss Kline's property was somewhat secluded anyhow, and I really didn't want to get out of earshot of the monster in case he should choose to act while I was indisposed, so to speak, so I simply walked to the edge of the porch,
unbuttoned my fly, whipped it out and let fly.

No sooner had I concluded that the volume I was eliminating was in no way comensurate with any recent intakes than I flashed on the discomfort of Miss Kline, Katy and Karen, and the distress and eventual accident of the News lady. A little odd, I thought, as my overfilled bladder slowly relaxed. Monster related? While monsters have in their day produced endless quantities of young ladies in need of clean underpants, it was usually the result of intense fear, not simple need. And this seemed to be a matter of need caused by quantity. Also, medically speaking, the massive quantity in one's bladder had to come from somewhere within the body, assuming the space alien (for I had already laid the blame skyard for the sudden situation) was working under the tyrannical rules of Einstein's laws regarding the creation of matter. The space guy wasn't creating urine, he was making people create it. Dehydration could result! Miss Kline! Katy! Karen! Dear, Sweet Kimberly!

Not while Jack Perkins is around. I finished my business and strode back inside. The situation seemed unchanged, except the television had gone to a test pattern and Miss Kline, Katy and Karen were fidgeting considerably more. Also, despite her fervent attention, Karen seemed to be losing the battle. A large area of her faded jeans between her thighs and beneath her was a considerably darker shade of blue than the rest. "Ladies," I said proudly, "I realize the urgency of your plight, and I'm here to say, Im not about to let you down. I believe I know exactly what you need."

"I need a damn piss!" cried Katy suddenly. "What I need is you to throw that stupid beast on his ear before I disgrace myself completely!"

"I realize that, but I think there's more at stake here than you understand."

"I understand we're all about to wet our pants," said Miss Kline in a tone shaprer than I believe I've ever heard her use before. "Please, Mister Perkins, poor Karen's already soaked her undies, grant us relief before the rest of us do something equally humiliating."

"But Miss Kline, don't you see? It's not about wet undies, if you will. It's about all beings, human and alien, interacting on a global scale. It's some sort of control held over us all by this, this creature in Washington DC!"

"You mean the Surpreme Court?" asked Kimberly, smiling.

"He means the damn space man," cried Karen, jumping to her feet. She took two steps, revealing the extent of the wetness in the seat of her pants, got to the edge of the carpet and sighed, then wet her pants completely. The others, myself included, watched slack jawed as the nubile eighteen year old relaxed her overtired, overburdened sphincter muscles and gave in to the pleasure of a much needed piss, if in an unconventional venue. The wet stain in her pants went all shiny, running down her legs, expanding upward slowly at first, then quite rapidly as her bladder continued to expel urine more quickly than it could soak through her underpants and jeans. "Oh, Mom..." she said quietly.

"It's alright, dear," said Miss Kline. "Please, Mister Perkins, is there nothing you can do?"

"About the monster? Or about the space man?"

"About our damn toilet!" cried Katy. "Oh....Blast! Blast and Tarnation!" And she sprang to her feet in similar fashion to Karen. She too walked to the edge of the carpet to the hardwood floor. Not wearing trousers she could have just wet like that, and kept her very short skirt dry, but instead she hunched over, facing away from me, causing her pleated grey skirt to rise in the back to reveal her pink cotton panties, and proceeded to wet her pants. 

At first she wet so voluminously that, like Karen before her, her
urine couldn't soak through her panties as fast as she released it. In fact, she completely filled her panties with urine before it could soak through at all, the result being for a moment I thought she might have been experiencing an accident of a shall we say more solid nature. That proved not to be the case, however, and in a second or so the urine simply leaked around the legs of her panties and splashed beteen her feet into a puddle that grew and joined that of her sister. Katy ended up with her very short skirt drenched as well, due to her holding it pressed to her crotch as she wet herself.

Miss Kline became very red in the face. "My poor girls," she said, slightly accusingly. "I try and I try to raise them right, only to have this..." and at that she stopped. She relaxed the vise grip on her thighs ith her arms and directly a hissing noise was to be heard coming from her lap. She parted her legs slightly to reveal the tops of her stockings between her thighs, and, shimmering in an amber pool between her legs, the saturated crotch of her white panties.

"Mom wet the couch!" giggled Karen.

"Are you okay, Mom?" asked Katy.

"She's fine," said Kimberly. "Just a little accident, right mom?"

Miss Kline, face flushed, breathing hard, nodded gently.

"She looks odd," said Karen.

"I've never seen her like this," said Katy.

"She looks..."

"Content," said Miss Kline, opening her eyes and fixing me in her stare. I have been looked at in many ways by all mannner of creations, but never have I felt the sort of unease I felt when Miss Kline looked at me. "If you are a man, you'll help me now," she said, holding out a hand to me. I got to my feet, walked over and took her hand. She rose out of her seat, a veritable river cascading to the floor beneath the hem of her pretty blue dress, and grabbed me in a grip of considerable strength.

For a moment I considerd my chances of fighting my way out of her grip, considering my state of fear and all, but then I realized, she was just being friendly. Wet, soaked, clutchy and breathy and definitely woman and curvy and soft and so, so friendly. Suddenly I began to feel a little friendly too, and to hell with anyone who would call me unethical. Doing anything else would have been stupid! Better unethical than stupid, I always say.

However, there were two factors on my mind. First was the monster, although, strange as it soounds, he was suddenly much less threatenting. I had the feeling there was about to be a man around the house, and I was going to be that man, and that's never a good situation for a monster. Most likely, upon consummation of the program Miss Kline and I were about to embark on, the foul beast would slink back to whatever unused corner of hell from whence he came.

Second was a more compelling factor. A smiling, beautiful, lovely young factor named Kimberly. Kimberly who was always so sweet and beautiful and nice; Kimberly who had not yet exhibited the slightest need to pee in spite of her mother and two sisters having wet their pants.
The three girls were smiling and rolling their eyes at seeing me and their mother embrace, and I fixed a stare at Kimberly. "How about it, Kimberly?" I asked.

I felt her mother laugh against my neck, and the girls just smiled more. "Kimberly's excitable," said Katy.

"Kimberly's always been excitable," said Karen.

"Kimberly's always been especially excitable around monsters," said Miss Kline, although I was thinking about seeing how the name Kelly felt on my tongue. "Around monsters and you, Jack Perkins, Kimberly's always been excitable to the point of finding it hard to contain herself."

"So I wear Depends," said Kimberly smugly.

That was four years ago. The monster escaped through the back window whilest Kelly Kline and I were taking advantage of some privacy in Kelly's (now our) bedroom and hasn't been heard from or seen since. Katy and Karen are now married and each has a daughter of her own. Kimberly still lives with me and her mom. Nine months after the Day the Earth Couldn't Sit Still, as wits have come to call it, there was a mini population explosion. Childen born of such relations are reported to be exceptionally quick witted and gentle, and stubbornly refuse to be potty trained. Just like Kimberly!

